Thomas Valley is a valley at the east side of McClelland Ridge in the east part of Olympus Range, Victoria Land. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (1997) after Jean-Claude Thomas, an Associate Professor of Geography-Cartography, Catholic University of America from 1967 to 1976, George Mason University, 1976–85; United States Geological Survey (USGS) Cartographer from 1985, specializing in satellite image mapping at various scales, including the 1:25,000-scale color maps of McMurdo Dry Valleys, 1997.
See also
Artemis Ridge
References
External links
Valleys of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
The Viking Altar Rock in Sauk Centre, Minnesota, is a glacial erratic and a local landmark.
The boulder was found in 1943 and is roughly 8.2 m (27 ft) long by 5.2 m (17 ft) wide. It has four roughly triangular holes about 1 meter above the base.
The rock is promoted as an attraction as part of a "Trail of the Vikings" featuring supposed evidence of Viking exploration of Minnesota. This is however conjecture.
The "altar" was rededicated in August 1975 with an ecumenical celebration of Mass.
See also
Skystone, a Western Washington erratic with pits drilled in its upper surface
References
External links
Historical Sites: Todd County
Archaeological sites in Minnesota
Geography of Stearns County, Minnesota
Glacial erratics of the United States
Minnesota culture
Pseudoarchaeology
Tourist attractions in Stearns County, Minnesota
Rock formations of Minnesota
Landforms of Stearns County, Minnesota
Copycat is a model of analogy making and human cognition based on the concept of the parallel terraced scan, developed in 1988 by Douglas Hofstadter, Melanie Mitchell, and others at the Center for Research on Concepts and Cognition, Indiana University Bloomington. The original Copycat was written in Common Lisp and is bitrotten (as it relies on now-outdated graphics libraries for Lucid Common Lisp); however, Java and Python ports exist. The latest version in 2018 is a Python3 port by Lucas Saldyt and J. Alan Brogan.
Description
Copycat produces answers to such problems as "abc is to abd as ijk is to what?" (abc:abd :: ijk:?). Hofstadter and Mitchell consider analogy making as the core of high-level cognition, or high-level perception, as Hofstadter calls it, basic to recognition and categorization.
High-level perception emerges from the spreading activity of many independent processes, called codelets, running in parallel, competing or cooperating. They create and destroy temporary perceptual constructs, probabilistically trying out variations to eventually produce an answer. The codelets rely on an associative network, slipnet, built on pre-programmed concepts and their associations (a long-term memory). The changing activation levels of the concepts make a conceptual overlap with neighboring concepts.
Copycat's architecture is tripartite, consisting of a slipnet, a working area (also called workspace, similar to blackboard systems), and the coderack (with the codelets). The slipnet is a network composed of nodes, which represent permanent concepts, and weighted links, which are relations, between them. It differs from traditional semantic networks, since the effective weight associated with a particular link may vary through time according to the activation level of specific concepts (nodes). The codelets build structures in the working area and modify activations in the slipnet accordingly (bottom-up processes), and the current state of slipnet determines probabilistically which codelets must be run (top-down influences).
Comparison to other cognitive architectures
Copycat differs considerably in many respects from other cognitive architectures such as ACT-R, Soar, DUAL, Psi, or subsumption architectures.
Copycat is Hofstadter's most popular model. Other models presented by Hofstadter et al. are similar in architecture, but different in the so-called microdomain, their application, e.g. Letter Spirit, etc.
Since the 1995 book Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies describing the work of the Fluid Analogies Research Group (FARG) book, work on Copycat-like models has continued: as of 2008 the latest models are Phaeaco (a Bongard problem solver), SeqSee (number sequence extrapolation), George (geometric exploration), and Musicat (a melodic expectation model). The architecture is known as the "FARGitecture" and current implementations use a variety of modern languages including C# and Java. A future FARG goal is to build a single generic FARGitecture software framework to facilitate experimentation.
See also
Artificial consciousness
LIDA (cognitive architecture)
Semantic pointer architecture
References
Further reading
(1993)
External links
A short description of Copycat
Github repository of copycat implementation (and other FARG projects)
The Copycat Project: A Model of Mental Fluidity and Analogy-Making (pdf)
A Python version of Copycat by J. Alan Brogan, 2012
A Python version of Copycat by Joseph Hager, 2017
Abhijit Mahabal's Seqsee code in Perl and in Python
Copycat written in Lucid Common Lisp, hoping that it will be rewritten in a more platform independent way sometime soon
Eric Nichols' Musicat dissertation
The Letter Spirit page at the Center for Research on Concepts and Cognition
Cognitive architecture
Common Lisp (programming language) software
The Cutch Agency was one of the agencies of British India. The appointed Political Agent looked after only one territory, that of the princely state of Cutch, which had a surface of , not including the Rann of Kutch.
The agency's headquarters were at Bhuj, where the Political Agent used to reside. They reported to the Political Department office at Bombay, Bombay Presidency.
History
The agency was formed in 1819 when Cutch State became a British protectorate.
Captain James MacMurdo was first appointed Political Agent, as Collector and Resident of Cutch. They worked from their office
at Anjar while the capital of Cutch State was located away at Bhuj.
The progressive prosperity of Cutch was devastated by the famine of 1899-1900, which was felt everywhere with extreme severity; between 1891 and 1901 the population of the state of Cutch decreased from 558,415 inhabitants in 1891 to 488,022 in 1901, owing to the famine.
On 10 October 1924 the Cutch Agency was abolished and merged into the Western India States Agency.
See also
History of Tharparkar
References
Agencies of British India
History of Gujarat
1924 disestablishments in India
1819 establishments in India
History of Kutch
The Costen House is a historic U.S. home located at 206 Market Street, Pocomoke City, Maryland, United States. Dr. Isaac Thomas Costen built the house c. 1870s and members of their family lived there for over a century. Dr. Costen became the first Mayor of Pocomoke City. The house currently serves as The Isaac Costen House Museum.
The Costen House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The Isaac Costen House Museum
The Isaac Costen House Museum provides information on the Costen family and how people in the area lived during 1870–1920. The grounds of the museum also includes The Hall-Walton Memorial Garden.
Footnotes
External links
Costen House Museum
, including photo from 1997, at Maryland Historical Trust
Costen House (Ocean City Vacation and Hotels Guide website)
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Museums in Worcester County, Maryland
Historic house museums in Maryland
Biographical museums in Maryland
Italianate architecture in Maryland
Houses in Worcester County, Maryland
Houses completed in 1870
Pocomoke City, Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Maryland
In mathematics, a polynomial matrix or matrix of polynomials is a matrix whose elements are univariate or multivariate polynomials. Equivalently, a polynomial matrix is a polynomial whose coefficients are matrices.
A univariate polynomial matrix P of degree p is defined as:
where denotes a matrix of constant coefficients, and is non-zero.
An example 3×3 polynomial matrix, degree 2:
We can express this by saying that for a ring R, the rings and
are isomorphic.
Properties
A polynomial matrix over a field with determinant equal to a non-zero element of that field is called unimodular, and has an inverse that is also a polynomial matrix. Note that the only scalar unimodular polynomials are polynomials of degree 0 – nonzero constants, because an inverse of an arbitrary polynomial of higher degree is a rational function.
The roots of a polynomial matrix over the complex numbers are the points in the complex plane where the matrix loses rank.
The determinant of a matrix polynomial with Hermitian positive-definite (semidefinite) coefficients is a polynomial with positive (nonnegative) coefficients.
Note that polynomial matrices are not to be confused with monomial matrices, which are simply matrices with exactly one non-zero entry in each row and column.
If by λ we denote any element of the field over which we constructed the matrix, by I the identity matrix, and we let A be a polynomial matrix, then the matrix λI − A is the characteristic matrix of the matrix A. Its determinant, |λI − A| is the characteristic polynomial of the matrix A.
References
E.V.Krishnamurthy, Error-free Polynomial Matrix computations, Springer Verlag, New York, 1985
Matrices
Polynomials
The Church of Christ in Indonesia, Gereja Kristus, is a Reformed denomination in Indonesia. Its mission began in the 19th century as a work among Chinese immigrants. In conjunction with Dutch immigrants, small congregations began to develop in cities throughout Java. In 1905, the Episcopal Methodist Church also started working in Java. The denomination was officially formed in 1939 and included 17 congregations and approximately 18,000 members, predominantly from West and East Java in addition to Southern Sumatra and Jakarta.
References
Reformed denominations in Asia
Maduda is a village in Bas-Congo province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. The town lies at an altitude of 1059 ft (322 m) above sea level, and is northeast of the larger town of Tshela, to which it is connected by road. There are waterfalls to the north and southeast of the village.
References
Populated places in Kongo Central
Mustafa is a common Arabic male given name.
Mustafa may also refer to:
Locations
Mustafa Centre, a shopping mall in Singapore
Si-Mustapha, a town in Algeria
Fictional locations
Mustafar, a fictional exoplanet in the Star Wars universe
People
Mustafa, an Olympic medalist marksman from Syria in American Sniper
Kama Mustafa or Charles Wright (born 1961), former professional wrestler
Mustafa Saed (born 1966), American professional wrestler
Fictional characters
Mustafa (Austin Powers), a character in Austin Powers
Mustafa, a character in Ratatouille
Film
Mustafa (film), a 2008 documentary by Can Dündar
Music
"Mustapha" (Queen song), a song by Queen from their album Jazz
An Egyptian multilingual song (also known as "Ya Mustafa") existing in many versions and languages
Science
Mustafa Prize a grand science and technology award established in 2015
See also
Mustafa Pasha (disambiguation)
96WEFM is an FM radio station broadcasting on 96.1 MHz in the country of Trinidad and Tobago. The commercial radio station is privately owned by Trinidad and Tobago Radio Network Limited and began broadcasting on December 16, 1993.
The radio station's format is based on Urban Caribbean (soca, dancehall), R&B and hip-hop music, and seeks an audience bases of youth and teenagers.
DJ groups from WEFM have revolutionized the art of DJing in the country, with present and former DJs such as Rodney King, Ishmael, Dawg E. Slaughter & X-Caliber, Hoppy (Hypa-Hoppa) of RadioActive, Shal Marshall & Barry Perryman (Jugglers Sound), Akil and associate degree, Tweez, Arelon the ArtMan, Trevlyn and Umba D' Sheppard.
Additionally, morning show hosts Paul Richards and Nicky Crosby and Rachel Price and Tweez - The price is right are renowned for their quick wit, sense of humor and their level of fairness towards all issues. One of the nations highest-rated radio time slots belongs to Stephenson "Shal" Marshall.
News
The radio station provides news, through Newsfeed bulletins throughout the weekday. Along with STAR 947 and 107.7 FM Music For Life, short news summaries are provided roughly hourly on the half-hour during the daytime hours.
See also
Radio in Trinidad and Tobago
Slam 100.5
External links
WEFM's Website
Radio stations in Trinidad and Tobago
Reggae, soca and calypso radio stations
Radio stations established in 1993
1993 establishments in Trinidad and Tobago
Music organisations based in Trinidad and Tobago
is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Haku Komori and produced by Shintoho.
Cast
Shōji Nakayama (中山昭二)
小畑絹子
荒川さつき
小倉繁
小川虎之助
References
External links
http://moviedev.walkerplus.com/movie/kinejun/index.cgi?ctl=each&id=25610
http://search.varietyjapan.com/moviedb/cinema_25610.html
http://movie.goo.ne.jp/movies/PMVWKPD25610/
Japanese black-and-white films
1958 films
Films directed by Haku Komori
1950s Japanese films
Pavlovka () is a rural locality (a village) in Kolpakovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Kurchatovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
Geography
The village is located on the Bobrik River, 52 km south-west of Kursk, 18 km south-west of the district center – the town Kurchatov, 2.5 km from the selsoviet center – Novosergeyevka.
Climate
Pavlovka has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).
Transport
Pavlovka is located 36.5 km from the federal route Crimea Highway, 11 km from road of regional importance (Kursk – Lgov – Rylsk – border with Ukraine), 12.5 km from (M2 – Ivanino), 11.5 km from (Dyakonovo – Sudzha – border with Ukraine), on the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-004 – Lyubimovka – Imeni Karla Libknekhta), 2 km from (38H-086 – Kolpakovo – Ivanino), 13 km from the nearest railway halt 412 km (railway line Lgov I — Kursk).
The rural locality is situated 59 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 121 km from Belgorod International Airport and 259 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Kurchatovsky District, Kursk Oblast
Victor Leo Marchetti Jr. (December 23, 1929 – October 19, 2018) was a special assistant to the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency who later became a prominent critic of the United States Intelligence Community and the Israel lobby in the United States.
Early life and background
Marchetti was born in Hazleton, Pennsylvania. From 1951 to 1953, they served as a corporal in U.S. Army Intelligence in France and Germany. Returning to the U.S. after their military service, they enrolled in Pennsylvania State University, where they majored in Russian area studies, graduating with a bachelor's degree in history in 1955.
CIA career
After a few months working as an analyst at the National Security Agency, Marchetti joined the CIA in October 1955. They began their career as an analyst in the Office of Research and Reports, eventually serving a tour of duty in the Office of National Estimates (ONE).
From ONE, Marchetti moved to the Office of Planning, Programming, and Budgeting in 1966, where they worked for over two years. Beginning in July 1968, they served for nine months as special assistant to CIA Deputy Director Rufus Taylor. Their final position in the Agency was on the Planning, Programming, and Budget Staff of the National Photographic Interpretation Center. Among other projects with which they were involved, Marchetti worked on setting up the Pine Gap satellite ground station near Alice Springs in Central Australia.
In September 1969, Marchetti resigned from the CIA.
Writing career
After leaving the CIA, Marchetti began a writing career. Their first work was a novel, The Rope-Dancer, published in 1971. The plot involves an officer in the "National Intelligence Agency" who becomes a spy for the Soviet Union. In a 2004 article for American Intelligence Journal, Jon Wiant, career member of the Department of State's Senior Executive Service and a faculty member of the Joint Military Intelligence College, reported a 1991 conversion with retired KGB General Oleg Kalugin in which the latter told them that Rope Dancer is assigned as required reading for every KGB officer assigned to the United States. Kalugin believed the novel was an excellent primer in American counterintelligence doctrine.
During public appearances promoting their novel, Marchetti announced that they were writing a non-fiction work on the CIA. In March 1972, they completed a draft of an article for Esquire which, according to a later CIA account, included "names of agents, relations with named governments, and identifying details of ongoing operations." The CIA received a copy of the article and decided to seek an injunction against its publication.
The basis for seeking an injunction against Marchetti was the secrecy agreement which they had signed when beginning employment at CIA. CIA presented the agreement, and the parts of the draft article it considered in violation of the agreement, to Judge Albert V. Bryan, Jr. of the US District Court for Eastern Virginia, who granted a temporary restraining order in April 1972. The case proceeded to trial, at which Bryan found for the CIA and issued a permanent injunction requiring Marchetti to submit their writings to CIA for review prior to publication.
Marchetti appealed the injunction to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, which upheld Bryan's restraint but limited it to classified material. The appeals court also found that Marchetti was entitled to timely review of materials they submitted to the CIA. Marchetti appealed again to the US Supreme Court, but the Court rejected Marchetti's appeal in December 1972.
Marchetti continued work on their book with a co-author, John D. Marks, and signed a book contract with publisher Alfred A. Knopf. In August 1973, they submitted their manuscript to the CIA. After reviewing the manuscript, the Agency responded with a list of 339 passages which it claimed were classified information and demanded their deletion. Marchetti and Marks rejected the demand and indicated they would go to court to print the manuscript as written. The CIA then withdrew its objections to 171 of the items but stood firm on the remaining 168.
The trial was held again before Judge Bryan. This time, however, they rejected all but 26 of the deletions requested by the CIA on the grounds that the information in them was not properly or provably classified. The CIA appealed Bryan's ruling, and ultimately the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld all 168 of the deletions.
The book was published by Knopf in 1974 as The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence. It was printed with blanks for deleted passages and boldface type for the 171 deletions which CIA originally requested and later withdrew.
Later writing
In 1978, Marchetti published an article about the JFK assassination in the far-right newspaper of the antisemitic Liberty Lobby, The Spotlight. Marchetti, a proponent of the organized crime and the CIA conspiracy theory, claimed that the House Select Committee on Assassinations revealed a CIA memo from 1966 that named E. Howard Hunt, Frank Sturgis and Gerry Patrick Hemming in the JFK assassination. Marchetti also claimed that Marita Lorenz offered sworn testimony to confirm this. The HSCA reported that it had not received such a memo and rejected theories that Hunt was involved in a plot to kill Kennedy.
In 1981, E. Howard Hunt sued the Liberty Lobby and Marchetti for defamation and won $650,000 in damages. Liberty Lobby, represented by attorney Mark Lane, appealed the verdict. On February 1, 1985, Marchetti stated that key parts of their articles were based upon rumors that they heard from Penthouse columnist Bill Corson and that they had no corroboration of Corson's story. Corson had provided an earlier deposition stating that they are not discussed the rumors with Marchetti. Marchetti, Liberty Lobby and Lane won the appeal in 1985. Commenting afterward, two jurors rejected that the conspiracy theories offered by Lane influenced the verdict. Lane's 1991 book Plausible Denial, develops the claims they presented in the trial.
In 1989, Marchetti presented a paper on the CIA at the Ninth International Revisionist Conference held by the Holocaust denial organisation Institute for Historical Review (IHR).
Marchetti edited the New American View newsletter, published in Herndon, Virginia, which described its aim as to "document for patriotic Americans... the excess of pro-Israelism, which warps the news we see and hear from our media, cows our Congress into submission, and has already cost us hundreds of innocent, young Americans in Lebanon and elsewhere." They also co-publushed the Zionist Watch newsletter with Mark Lane.
Marchetti is the publisher of a Japanese-language book titled ADL and Zionism, authored by Paul Goldstein and Jeffrey Steinberg, associates of Lyndon LaRouche.
Personal life and death
Marchetti suffered from dementia in their last years. They died at their home in Ashburn, Virginia at the age of 88 on October 19, 2018.
Filmography
Inside Pine Gap (1997)
Inside the CIA: On Company Business (1980)
The JFK Conspiracy: Final Analysis (1992)
"You Have Used Me as a Fish Long Enough" (Part 2). The Living Dead: Three Films About the Power of the Past (1995). The second major television documentary series by British filmmaker Adam Curtis for the BBC. The series examines the manipulation of history and memory (both national and individual) by politicians and others.
Extract of Marchetti discussing Acoustic Kitty. 1 min.
Publications
Articles
"CIA: The President's Loyal Tool." The Nation, vol. 214, no. 14 (Apr. 3, 1972), pp. 430-432.
"Inside the CIA: The Clandestine Mentality," with John D. Marks. Ramparts Magazine (Jul. 1974), pp. 21-25, 48, 50, 52.
"Twilight of the Spooks." Inquiry (July 10, 1978), pp. 6-8.
"CIA to Admit Hunt Involvement in Kennedy Slaying." Spotlight (Aug. 14, 1978).
"How the CIA Views the UFO Phenomenon." Second Look, vol. 1, no. 7 (May 1979), pp. 2-7.
Republished in the Journal of Historical Review, vol. 17, no. 5 (Sep./Oct. 1998), p. 14.
Books
The Rope-Dancer. New York: Grosset & Dunlap (1971). . .
The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence, with John D. Marks. New York: Knopf (1974). .
Book reviews
"Memoirs of a Frustrated Spook." Review of Decent Interval: An Insider's Account of Saigon's Indecent End Told by the CIA's Chief Strategy Analyst in Vietnam by Frank Snepp. Inquiry (Feb. 6, 1978), pp. 22-24.
"A Sand Trap for the CIA." Review of Ropes of Sand by Wilbur Crane Eveland. Inquiry (Nov. 10, 1980), pp. 23-24.
Republished: Journal of Historical Review, vol. 14, no. 3 (May-Jun. 1994), p. 43.
Interviews
Kondracke, Morton. Penthouse (January 1975).
Castleman, Michael. "I Was a Spook for the CIA: A Conversation with Victor Marchetti." Ann Arbor Sun, vol. 3, no. 9 (April 25, 1975), pp. 15, 21. . full issue.
Newsletters
New American Views (as editor). Washington, D.C. (1988–). .
"Monitoring the special relationship between the United States and Israel."
Zionist Watch (as co-publisher, with Mark Lane).
Transcripts
"Propaganda and Disinformation: How the CIA Manufactures History." Presented at the Ninth International Revisionist Conference in Huntington Beach, California, hosted by the Institute for Historical Review (February 1989).
Republished in the Journal of Historical Review, vol. 9, no. 3 (Fall 1989), pp. 305–320.
Further reading
"Trying to Expose the CIA." TIME, vol. 103, no. 16 (April 22, 1974), pp. 22, 27. online
References
External links
Victor Marchetti at IMDb
Victor Marchetti at Spartacus Educational
Victor Marchetti FBI file at Internet Archive
Victor Marchetti collection at the Harold Weisberg Archives
1929 births
2018 deaths
People from Ashburn, Virginia
People from Hazleton, Pennsylvania
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania State University alumni
American spies
American whistleblowers
Historians of the Central Intelligence Agency
People of the Central Intelligence Agency
Researchers of the assassination of John F. Kennedy
Writers from Pennsylvania
American conspiracy theorists
John Joseph Poirier (born July 30, 1937) was an all-star and Grey Cup champion football player in the CFL for twelve years with the Ottawa Rough Riders.
They played as a defensive back for the Riders and was a part of three Grey Cups winning teams and was a 5-time Eastern all-star. They never missed a game in the 12 years they played.
References
1939 births
Living people
Canadian football defensive backs
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
McGill Redbirds football players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
People from Verdun, Quebec
Players of Canadian football from Quebec
Sportspeople from Montreal
Sze Tak-loy (; born 1982) is a Hong Kong politician.  They are currently chairperson of the Hong Kong Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood (ADPL) and was a member of the Wong Tai Sin District Council for Tung Mei.
In the 2015 District Council elections, Sze was first elected to the Wong Tai Sin District Council, succeeding veteran Mok Ying-fan in Tung Mei.
In 2016, Sze became vice-chairperson alongside Tam Kwok-kiu while Rosanda Mok became the first party chairperson. In the 2016 Legislative Council election when Mok resigned as ADPL chairperson after the party lost all its seats in the Legislative Council, Sze acted as chairperson. In December 2016, they were elected new party chairperson.
On 6 January 2021, Sze was among 53 members of the pro-democratic camp who were arrested under the national security law, specifically its provision regarding alleged subversion. The group stood accused of the organisation of and participation in unofficial primary elections held by the camp in July 2020. Sze was released on bail on 7 January.
References
1982 births
Living people
District councillors of Wong Tai Sin District
Hong Kong Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood politicians
Hong Kong political prisoners
Ngọc Lặc is a township () and capital of Ngọc Lặc District, Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam.
References
Populated places in Thanh Hóa province
District capitals in Vietnam
Townships in Vietnam
Ngaro ("vanished") is mentioned as a delicacy of the dead in a Māori legend from the far north of the North Island of New Zealand.
Te Atarahi was five days and five nights in Te Reinga, the place from where the spirits of the dead leap into the underworld. Their seemingly dead body was found by two women who went out to cut flax leaves. When Te Atarahi revived, they mentioned being offered food by the inhabitants of Te Reinga, and also offered the information that ngaro was one of their delicacies. The story as reported by Edward Shortland has a degree of similarity to the New Testament episode where Jesus rose after three days and three nights in the tomb; Christian influence may have played a role in the plot of this tale.
References
Clive Barlow, 1991. Tikanga Whakaaro: Key Concepts in Māori culture. Revised 1996. Oxford University Press: Auckland, 111.
Edward Shortland, 1882. Maori Religion and Mythology. Longmans Green: London, 45–47.
Māori mythology
Dwayne O'Steen (December 20, 1954 - September 21, 2001) was an American football player who played seven seasons as a cornerback in the National Football League. They were a part of the Oakland Raiders Super Bowl XV winning team. O'Steen died in 2001 of an apparent heart attack.
External links
Obituary
1954 births
2001 deaths
Players of American football from Los Angeles
American football cornerbacks
Los Angeles Rams players
Oakland Raiders players
Baltimore Colts players
Green Bay Packers players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
San Jose State Spartans football players
Gaṅgeśa (, Gaṅgeśa Upādhyāya) (first half of the 14th century) was an Indian philosopher, logician and mathematician from the kingdom of Mithila. They established the Navya-Nyāya ("New Logic") school. Their Tattvachintāmaṇi (The Jewel of Thought on the Nature of Things), also known as Pramāṇacintāmaṇi (The Jewel of Thought on the Means of Valid Knowledge), is the basic text for all later developments. The logicians of this school were primarily interested in defining their terms and concepts related to non-binary logical categories.
Life
Gangesa was born at Karion village on the banks of the river Kamala, 19 km south-east of Darbhanga in a Brahmin family. According to tradition, they were illiterate in their early years but later they acquired the knowledge of logic as a boon from the goddess Kali. There is a story that they were an idiot from birth, their in-laws always gave them bones of fish when eating. One day they left their home and went to Varanasi. After studying vedas, when they came back to their house, their in-laws like before gave them fish bones. But, this time they refused to eat that, they told them that he's not Ganges but Ganges Misra. Then their family realized them as learned person and welcome them properly. Their son Vardhamana Upadhyaya was also a noted philosopher of the Nyaya school. Beyond this, nothing else is known of their life.
The Tattvacintāmaṇi
The founding text of Navya-Nyaya - it is divided into four khaṇḍas (books): Pratyakṣakhaṇḍa (book on perception), Anumānakhaṇḍa (book on inference), Upamānakhaṇḍa (book on comparison) and Śabdakhaṇḍa (book on verbal testimony). The first book opens with a salutation to Shiva.
The Tattvacintāmaṇi (T.C.) is a systematic account of epistemology, logic, and the philosophy of grammar. Other subjects, such as the proofs of God, are treated incidentally.
Gangesa refers to their own teachings as the New Nyaya. This term New Nyaya is not to be understood as implying any great originality in theory on Gangesa's part, but rather originality in method. Their work differs from the oldest Nyaya in that they accept many tenets of the Vaisesika school, and in their arrangement of Nyaya teachings under four headings rather than under the 16 subjects (padartha) of the Old Nyaya.
The newness of Gangesa's method is newness of style and of organization.  They are far more precise, more careful to define their terms, than were their predecessors; these virtues of their work are responsible for the fact that perhaps half of Navya-Nyaya literature is based either directly on the T.C. or on a commentary on the T.C.
See also
Ancient Mithila University
Indian philosophers
Indian mathematicians
Nyaya
Notes
External links
13th-century Indian mathematicians
13th-century Indian philosophers
Epistemologists
Indian logicians
Nyaya
Scientists from Bihar
Philosophers of Mithila
People from Darbhanga district
Scholars from Bihar
14th-century Indian mathematicians
Honeycomb Glacier () is a glacier which drains the north and east sides of the mountainous mass surmounted by Mount Whewell, then flows south between that feature and Honeycomb Ridge to Moubray Bay, on the coast of Antarctica. It was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1957–58, for its proximity to Honeycomb Ridge.
References
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Robert Eachus Doan (July 23, 1831 – February 24, 1919) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1891 to 1893.
Biography
Born near Wilmington, Ohio, Doan attended common schools there and completed an academic course. They taught for three years in southern Ohio. They graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in 1857 and was admitted to the bar that same year, commencing practice in Wilmington, Ohio.
Doan was editor of the Wilmington Watchman in 1859 and 1860. They served as prosecuting attorney of Clinton County in 1862.
Doan was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-second Congress (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1893). After their unsuccessful candidacy for renomination in 1892 they resumed the practice of law in Washington, D.C.
Doan died in Wilmington, Ohio on February 24, 1919. Their remains are interred at the Sugar Grove Cemetery.
Sources
1831 births
1919 deaths
People from Wilmington, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Citicasters Tower Holiday is a guy-wired aerial mast for the transmission of FM radio and television programs in Holiday, Florida, United States (Geographical coordinates: ). Citicasters Tower Holiday was built in 1996. This tower is located nearby another tower owned by Pacific and Southern Company. The Pacific Co. tower is used for similar purposes, and although it is older than the Citicasters tower, they bare a striking comparison in both height and appearance.
Due to the height of this tower, as well as its twin tower, they can be seen with the naked eye from as far away as 15 miles or more in most cases.
See also
List of masts
External links
— Citicasters Tower
— Pacific Co. Tower
Radio masts and towers in the United States
Towers in Florida
1996 establishments in Florida
Towers completed in 1996
Buildings and structures in Pasco County, Florida
Aaron Rhind (born 13 February 1991) is an Australian swimmer. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 200 m individual medley and 50 m butterfly swimming events. They did not medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal
Rhind was born on 13 February 1991 and is from Yass, New South Wales. Their mother has multiple sclerosis. They had a ruptured cerebral aneurysm when they were ten years old, which largely affects the left side of their body. Prior to their stroke, they played rugby union. They went to high school at Canberra's St Francis Xavier College and Mount Carmel High School. They have a Certificate III in Childcare.
Swimming
Rhind is an S6 classified swimmer competing in the 100 m freestyle, 100 m backstroke, 200 m individual medley and 50 m butterfly events. They train with Australian Olympic swimming medalist Adam Pine at the Canberra International Swimming and Aquatic Centre, has a scholarship with the Australian Capital Territory Academy of Sport, and is a member of Ginninderra Marlins They listen to Kanye West's "Stronger" before they compete.
Rhind started competing in 2003 because contact sports were off limits based on doctor's advice. In early 2007, they swam in the S8 classification but was downgraded to S6 ahead of the 2007 ‘Day of Difference' Junior Games, where they represented New South Wales. The change in classification meant that Rhind had to change their swimming technique as the classification allowed them to only use one arm to swim. They set a S6 100 m butterfly Australian record at the Junior Games. They tried to qualify for the 2008 Summer Paralympics but did not make it. They competed at the 2009 Australian Short Course Championships in the 100 metre butterfly event, where they set a world record that was 3.41 seconds faster than the previous one. They competed at six other events in the competition where they set personal best times.
Rhind first represented Australia in 2010. They represented Australia at the 2011 Arafura Games, winning two bronze medals and one silver medal. That year, they also competed at the Oceania Paralympic Championships and the German National Swimming Championships. In July 2012, they were formally selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 200 m individual medley SM6 and 50 m butterfly S6 events. They were scheduled to depart for London on 10 August. They did not medal at the 2012 Games.
Personal bests
References
External links
Living people
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Australian male freestyle swimmers
Australian male backstroke swimmers
1991 births
S6-classified Paralympic swimmers
Australian male butterfly swimmers
Australian male medley swimmers
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1941 season.
Overview
Started in June 1941 but was immediately interrupted when Germany started the war against Soviet Union.
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
1941 in Latvian football
Latvia
Glacier Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia in the Canadian Rockies. It was named in 1894 by Samuel E.S. Allen in reference to the glacier on the northern side of the mountain.
Geology
Glacier Peak is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Glacier Peak is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below −20 C with wind chill factors below −30 C.
See also
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
External links
Parks Canada web site: Yoho National Park
Parks Canada web site: Banff National Park
Mountains of Banff National Park
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
William Ellsworth Tou Velle (November 23, 1862 – August 14, 1951) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1907 to 1911.
Biography
Born in Celina, Ohio, November 23, 1862, attended the public schools and was graduated from Celina High School in 1879, Tou Velle was appointed postmaster of Celina, Ohio, on May 27, 1885, and served until June 14, 1888, when a successor was appointed.
They were graduated from Cincinnati Law School in 1889.
They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Celina.
Tou Velle was elected as a Democrat to the Sixtieth and Sixty-first Congresses (March 4, 1907 – March 3, 1911).
They did not seek renomination in 1910.
They resumed the practice of law.
They served as president of the First National Bank of Celina.
They died in Celina, Ohio, August 14, 1951.
They were interred in North Grove Cemetery.
Sources
1951 deaths
People from Celina, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
1862 births
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Kreitzburg is an unincorporated community in St. John Township, Lake County, Indiana.
Geography
Kreitzburg is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Kistapolca () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Establecimiento Las Marías is a company specializing in infusions, It develops them all the way from plant to package.
It is a source of tea, and its lands are the producers of yerba mate.
Taragüi, Unión, La Merced and Mañanita are some of the products that has been relying on over 85 years in the market.
History
The Navajas family, which owns Las Marías, started the mate operation in 1924 on their cattle estancia with 38 hectares of planted mate. The raw material was and, largely still is, produced by small holders and subsequently bought by processors and packers.
Production at Establecimiento Las Marías is completely vertically integrated, starting with either seedbeds or cuttings from the most productive trees. Raw material is also sourced from vetted growers who are constantly monitored by company technicians both at the farm and at the buying stations. Some highlights of innovation are the development of instant mate in 1964, packing mate in tea bags in 1966, development of high density planting in 1973 and mechanical harvesting in 1981. Product development has continued with the market segmentation created by ‘Union' the first light flavored mate in 1982, with Taragüi Mate Listo in 1992, which is mate-to-go in a disposable container, needing only water, with a low caffeine product called "Relax", which has a percentage of Ilex Dumosa, a variety with no caffeine which was made commercially viable by Las Marías agricultural engineers, and “Bio” (Unión Bio) the first yerba mate with natural prebiotics.
Argentine Market
Argentina has adopted the quintessential local Native American beverage, and means of drinking it, and made it the national beverage of choice. After tap water, Yerba Mate (mate) is the most widely consumed beverage in Argentina.
Mate was discovered by the Guaraní aborigines and industrialized by the Jesuits in the 16th and 17th centuries.
In Argentina, there are more than 200 brands in the market, many very locals. There are approximately 10 companies with some national presence, accounting for 80% of the market. The market leader is Las Marias, with slightly more than 30% of the Argentine mate market. Taragüi is the leading brand of Las Marías.
Exports from Argentina
Of the 310,000 tons produced, 40,000 tons are exported, both in bulk and packed. With a 45% market share, Las Marias is the leader of the packed (branded) segment, which is 7,000 tons. Las Marias has taken the strategic decision to only sell branded products, either domestically or for export. Other companies exporting packed mate are Don Basilio and La Chacchuera. Many companies export bulk mate primarily, to Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay but also to Syria and Lebanon. North America, Europe and parts of Asia are growing markets for both forms of exports. Bulk mate is used both as the raw material for brands and as an ingredient in other products, such as energy drinks. The Middle East, accounting for roughly 60% of exports, is such a major market because there was a reverse migration in the 1950s. Those who returned had been in Argentina for several generations and had therefore picked up the local habits, such as drinking mate in the traditional way. New markets are being developed in Europe and in North America. Most of the new markets are teabag ones, but Poland is an exception. There, traditional mate is a seen as quick and easy adventurous experience, perhaps similar to smoking a hookah, which also has an inherent social component.
The Social Aspect
See also
Yerba Mate
Taragüi
References
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cl1Qoe2qGIU
External links
Las Marías official institutional site (English and Spanish)
Explore Las Marías (Spanish)
Victoria Jean Navajas Foundation (Spanish)
Argentine brands
Herbal tea
Yerba mate
Henry Aldous Dixon (June 29, 1890 – January 22, 1967) was a U.S. Representative from Utah and the president of first Weber College and later Utah State Agricultural College.
Biography
Born in Provo in the Utah Territory, Dixon attended the public schools until high school, when they attended private Brigham Young High School, from which they graduated in 1909. They graduated from Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, in 1914, from the University of Chicago in 1917, and from the University of Southern California in 1937.
Career
Dixon was an instructor at Weber College, which later became Weber State University, from 1914 to 1918, and served as the college's president twice, in 1919–1920 and 1937–1953. Between these presidential terms, they served as superintendent of Provo city schools from 1920–1924 and again in 1932-1937. Between these two terms as superintendent, from 1924 to 1932, Dixon was managing vice president of Farmers and Merchants Bank. During their second term as president of Weber College, they were a member of the President's Commission on Higher Education (1946–1948), a member of the board of directors of Salt Lake Branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco (1945–1951), and director of the Association of Junior Colleges (1950–1954).
After heading Weber College, they became president of Utah State Agricultural College (which later became Utah State University) at Logan, Utah from August 1953 to December 1954.
In 1954, Republican 1st District Congressman Douglas Stringfellow was forced to retire from Congress after only one term after it emerged they had lied about both their service record in World War II and their educational history. Dixon was asked to replace Stringfellow on the ballot only 16 days before the election and won. They served in the Eighty-fourth, Eighty-fifth, and Eighty-sixth Congresses (January 3, 1955 – January 3, 1961). They did not seek renomination in 1960. Dixon voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960.
Later activities
Dixon taught at Brigham Young University, their alma mater, until 1965.
They died in Ogden, Utah, January 22, 1967 and was interred in Washington Heights Memorial Park.
References
Sources
External links
1890 births
1967 deaths
20th-century American politicians
School superintendents in Utah
Brigham Young University alumni
Brigham Young University faculty
Educators from Utah
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Politicians from Provo, Utah
Presidents of Utah State University
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
University of Chicago alumni
University of Southern California alumni
Weber State University faculty
Macoma is a large genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Tellinidae, the tellins.
Species
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species are included as accepted names within the genus Macoma:
Macoma acolasta Dall, 1921 – morsel macoma
Macoma awaijiensis (Sowerby, 1914)
Macoma biota Arruda & Domaneschi, 2005
Macoma brota Dall, 1916 – heavy macoma
Macoma bruuni Nickles, 1955
Macoma calcarea (Gmelin, 1791) – chalky macoma
Macoma cancellata (G. B. Sowerby I, 1853)
Macoma candida (Lamarck, 1818)
Macoma carlottensis Whiteaves, 1880 – Charlotte macoma
Macoma cerina Dall, 1900 – waxy macoma
Macoma cleryana (d'Orbigny, 1846)
Macoma coani Kafanov & Lutaenko, 1999
Macoma consociata (Smith, 1885)
Macoma constricta (Bruguière, 1792) – constricted macoma
Macoma crassula (Deshayes, 1855) – thick macoma
Macoma cumana (Costa O.G., 1829)
Macoma dexioptera Baxter, 1977
Macoma dubia (Deshayes, 1854)
Macoma ecuadoriana Pilsbry & Olsson, 1941
Macoma elimata Dunnill & Coan, 1968
Macoma elytrum Keen, 1958
Macoma expansa Carpenter, 1864
Macoma extenuata Dall, 1900 – slender macoma
Macoma georgiana Dell, 1964
Macoma golikovi Scarlato & Kafanov, 1941
Macoma hanleyi (Dunker, 1853)
Macoma hemicilla (Iredale, 1936)
Macoma hesperus Dall, 1908
Macoma hokkaidoensis Amano, Lutaenko & Matsubara, 1999
Macoma incongrua (Martens, 1865)
Macoma indentata Carpenter, 1864
Macoma inexpectata Cosel, 1995
Macoma inornata (Hanley, 1844)
Macoma inquinata (Deshayes, 1855)
Macoma lama Bartsch, 1929 – Aleutian macoma
Macoma lamproleuca (Pilsbry & Lowe, 1932)
Macoma limula Dall, 1895 – little-file macoma
Macoma lipara Dall, 1916
Macoma litoralis (Krauss, 1848)
Macoma loveni (A. S. Jensen, 1905) – inflated macoma, loven macoma
Macoma lucerna (Hanley, 1844)
Macoma melo (Sowerby G.B. II, 1866)
Macoma middendorffi Dall, 1884
Macoma mitchelli Dall, 1895 – Matagorda macoma, mitchell macoma
Macoma moesta (Deshayes, 1855) – flat macoma
Macoma murrayana (Salisbury, 1934)
Macoma nasuta (Conrad, 1837) – bent-nosed clam
Macoma nobilis (Hanley, 1845)
Macoma obliqua (J. Sowerby, 1817)
Macoma panamensis Dall, 1900
Macoma phenax Dall, 1900 – cheating macoma
Macoma praetexta (Martens, 1865)
Macoma pseudofallax Cosel, 1995
Macoma pseudomera Dall & Simpson, 1901 – mera macoma
Macoma pulleyi Boyer, 1969 – delta macoma, pulley macoma
Macoma retrorsa (G. B. Sowerby II, 1867)
Macoma secta (Conrad, 1837)
Macoma shiratoriensis (Matsubara, 1994)
Macoma siliqua (C. B. Adams, 1852)
Macoma subovata (Sowerby, 1867)
Macoma tageliformis Dall, 1900 – tagelus macoma
Macoma takahokoensis Yamamoto & Habe, 1959
Macoma tenta (Say, 1834) – elongate macoma
Macoma tokyoensis Makiyama, 1927
Macoma torelli (Jensen, 1905) – triangular macoma
Macoma uruguayensis (E. A. Smith, 1885)
Macoma vappa (Iredale, 1929)
Macoma ventricosa (Deshayes, 1855)
Macoma yoldiformis Carpenter, 1864
References
Tellinidae
Bivalve genera
Matt Harvie (born 7 June 1984) is a New Zealand former cricketer. They played 26 first-class and 14 List A match for Otago between 2004 and 2010.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
Eicochrysops sanguigutta is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found on Madagascar and the Comoros. The habitat consists of forests.
References
Butterflies described in 1879
Eicochrysops
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Paul Mabille
Below is a list of events in chess in the year 1941.
Chess events in brief
Basic Chess Endings by Reuben Fine was published.
29 August 1941 - Gideon Ståhlberg played a 400-game simultaneous exhibition in Buenos Aires; 364 wins, 14 draws, 22 losses.
8–14 September 1941 - Europaturnier held in Munich, was organised by Ehrhardt Post, the Chief Executive of Nazi Grossdeutscher Schachbund. Max Euwe had declined the invitation for München 1941 due to their "occupational obligations", as manager of a groceries business. This time they refused to participate, because Alexander Alekhine was invited. Euwe mentioned futile reasons. The real motive was Alekhine's offence of Euwe in their anti-Semitic articles. Alekhine wrote six Nazi articles which first appeared in the Paris newspaper Pariser Zeitung in March 1941. They wrote a series of articles for the Deutsche Zeitung in den Niederlanden called "Jewish and Aryan Chess." The articles were reproduced in Deutsch Schachzeitung. Among others, Alekhine had written about the "Jewish clique" around Euwe in World Chess Championship 1935.
The Munich 1941 chess tournament was won by Gösta Stoltz, who scored a spectacular victory (1½ points ahead of Alekhine and Erik Lundin), and won 1,000 Reichsmarks. Their trophy (donated by the Ministerpräsident Ludwig Siebert) of Meissen porcelain is worth close to $1,000.
Tournaments
Sydney (the New South Wales championship), won by Lajos Steiner ahead of Gary Koshnitsky and Cecil Purdy, 1940/41.
Beverwijk (the 4th Hoogovenschaaktoernoi) won by Arthur Wijnans, January 1941.
Lviv won by Eduard Gerstenfeld ahead of Izaak Appel, Henryk Friedman, Emanuel Rubinstein and Izaak Schächter, January/February 1941.
Groningen won by Salo Landau
Baarn won by Max Euwe ahead of Hans Kmoch
Amsterdam won by Euwe ahead of Nicolaas Cortlever
Mar del Plata won by Gideon Ståhlberg followed by Miguel Najdorf, Erich Eliskases, etc., March 1941.
Leningrad/Moscow (the Soviet Absolute Championship), won by Mikhail Botvinnik followed by Paul Keres, Vasily Smyslov, Isaac Boleslavsky, Andor Lilienthal, and Igor Bondarevsky, March 23 - April 29, 1941.
Moscow (the Moscow City Chess Championship), won by Alexander Kotov
Riga (the 1st Soviet Latvian Chess Championship), won by Alexander Koblencs ahead of Fricis Apšenieks
Vilnius (the 1st Soviet Lithuanian Chess Championship), won by Isakas Vistaneckis.
Tallinn (the Estonian Chess Championship), won by Johannes Türn and Feliks Kibbermann.
Bucaramanga (the Colombian Chess Championship), won by Miguel Cuéllar
Buenos Aires (Bodas de Plata), won by Ståhlberg and Najdorf, followed by Paulino Frydman, Paul Michel, Carlos Guimard, Herman Pilnik, etc.
Buenos Aires won by Frydman ahead of Moshe Czerniak
Buenos Aires won by Najdorf followed by Czerniak, Pilnik, Michel, etc.
Montevideo won by Erich Eliskases followed by Markas Luckis, Ludwig Engels, Héctor Rossetto, etc., May 1941.
Hamburg won by Klaus Junge and Herbert Heinicke
Bad Elster won by Junge ahead of Rudolf Palme and Erich Weinitschke, start 11 May 1941.
Graz won by Heinicke and Poschauko, start 15 June 1941.
São Pedro won by Eliskases and Guimard, followed by Engels, Frydman, Luckis, Mariano Castillo, Aristide Gromer, Julio Bolbochán, etc., 2–26 July 1941.
Krefeld won by Efim Bogoljubow, 5–12 July 1941.
Bad Oeynhausen (the 8th German Chess Championship), won by Paul Felix Schmidt and Junge, followed by Kurt Richter, Hans Müller, Georg Kieninger, etc., start 3 August 1941.
Ventnor City won by Jacob Levin ahead of Fred Reinfeld
St. Louis (the 42nd U.S. Open), won by Reuben Fine ahead of Herman Steiner, July 1941.
Hamilton (New York State Chess Association Championship), won by Fine ahead of Arnold Denker, Isaac Kashdan and Samuel Reshevsky, 16–23 August 1941.
New York (Marshall Chess Club Championship), won by Fine followed by Frank Marshall, Sidney Bernstein, Reinfeld, Herbert Seidman, Edward Lasker, etc.
Kalmar won by Rudolf Spielmann
Madrid (the Spanish Chess Championship, Challenge), won by Ramón Rey Ardid
Paris (the French Chess Championship), won by Robert Crépeaux
Florence won by Vincenzo Castaldi and Stefano Rosselli del Turco
Budapest (the Hungarian Chess Championship), won by Géza Füster ahead of Gedeon Barcza and Pál Réthy
Prague (Kautsky Memorial), won by Karel Opočenský ahead of Miroslav Katětov and Karel Treybal
Prague won by František Zíta
Česká Třebová won by Emil Richter
Brno won by Florian and Friedrich Sämisch
Trenčianske Teplice won by Jan Foltys ahead of József Szily and Ludovit Potuček
Holešov won by Foltys
Mährisch-Ostrau won by Foltys
Gothenburg (the Swedish Chess Championship), won by Erik Lundin ahead of Gösta Stoltz and Olof Kinnmark
Munich (the 2nd Europaturnier), won by Stoltz ahead of Lundin and Alexander Alekhine, Bogoljubow, Bjørn Nielsen, Kurt Richter, Foltys, etc., 8–14 September 1941.
Krakow/Warsaw (the 2nd GG-ch), won by Alekhine and Schmidt, 5–19 October 1941.
Winnipeg (the 45th Canadian Chess Championship), won by Daniel Yanofsky, October 1941.
Krakow (Championship of the City), won by Paul Mross, November 1941.
Moscow (the Moscow City Chess Championship), won by Isaak Mazel ahead of Vladimirs Petrovs, 1941/42.
Matches
Max Euwe beat Efim Bogoljubow (6.5 : 3.5) in Karlsbad, Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia.
Paul Felix Schmidt beat Klaus Junge (3.5 : 0.5) in Bromberg, Germany.
Johannes Türn beat Feliks Kibbermann (3.5 : 0.5) in Tallinn, Estonia.
Jan Foltys drew with Karel Opočenský (6 : 6) in Prague.
Samuel Reshevsky defeated Israel Albert Horowitz (9.5 : 6.5) in New York.
Carlos Guimard beat Carlos Maderna (8 : 1) in La Plata, Argentina.
Albéric O'Kelly de Galway drew with Victor Soultanbeieff (1 : 1) in Belgium.
Team matches
7–8 December, Zagreb: Croatia vs. Slovakia 10-6 (4½-3½, 5½-2½)
(Asztalos 01 Rohaček; Rabar 1½ Potuček; Tekavčić 11 Ujtelky; Šubarić 11 Pazman; Jerman 0½ Miština; M.Filipčić 00 Lauda; Petek 11 Štulir; B.Filipčić ½½ Stanek)
Births
14 January – Oscar Quiñones in Lima, Peruvian chess player
25 April – Raymond Weinstein in Brooklyn, American chess player
3 May – Nona Gaprindashvili in Zugdidi, Georgia, Women's World Champion (1962–1978), first female GM
16 June – Tõnu Õim in Tallinn, Estonian correspondence GM
2 August – Jacob Murey in Moscow, Israeli GM
11 August – Alla Kushnir in Moscow, Israeli WGM, several-time challenger for the Women's Championship
3 October – Victor Palciauskas in Kaunas, American correspondence GM, World Correspondence Champion 1978–1984
10 September – Rosendo Balinas, Jr., Filipino GM
13 December – Bessel Kok, Dutch chess organizer
30 December – Bruno Parma in Ljubljana, Slovene/Yugoslav GM
Deaths
Jakub Kolski died of starvation in the Warsaw Ghetto.
Izaak Towbin died in the Warsaw Ghetto.
Leon Kremer died in the General Government.
Josef Cukierman committed suicide in France.
Konstantin Vygodchikov died in Belarus.
František Treybal died in the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia
11 January – Emanuel Lasker died in Manhattan, New York. World Chess Champion in the period 1894-1921.
25 April – Fricis Apšenieks died of tuberculosis in Riga. Latvian champion 1926/27 and 1934.
2 May - Ignatz von Popiel died in Lviv.
after 22 June – Izaak Appel disappeared and probably died in a Nazi concentration camp, the District Galicia of General Government.
12 July – Charles Jaffe died in Brooklyn, New York. Former New York State champion and chess editor.
13 July – Ilmar Raud died of starvation in Buenos Aires, Argentina (in exile). Estonian champion in 1934 and 1939.
August - Aron Zabłudowski killed by Nazis in Bialystok, Poland.
3 September – Alexander Ilyin-Genevsky died, according to the Soviet official sources, on Lake Ladoga on a ship in a German air raid (he was the only one killed on the barge, which was displaying Red Cross flags) during the Siege of Leningrad, but is believed by some to have fallen victim to the Stalinist repression as the majority of the Old Guard of revolutionists. Three-time Leningrad City champion in 1925 (jointly), 1926 and 1929.
27 September – Juan Corzo died in Havana. Cuban champion in 1898, 1902, 1907, 1912, and 1918.
2 October – Karel Treybal arrested on 30 May, imprisoned and later charged with concealing weapons for use by resistance forces and the illegal possession of a pistol. They were condemned to death and executed by the Nazis in Prague, the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia.
3 October – Frederick Hamilton-Russell died in Cleobury North, England. President of British Chess Federation.
16 October – Antanas Gustaitis was caught attempting to cross the border on 4 March, arrested by NKVD, and taken to Moscow where they were shot. Lithuanian champion in 1922.
29 December – Boris Koyalovich died during the siege of Leningrad.
29 December – Vsevolod Rauzer died during the siege of Leningrad. Ukrainian champion in 1927 and 1933 (jointly).
References
External links
1941 crosstables
20th century in chess
Chess by year
Donald Barthelme Sr. (August 4, 1907 – July 16, 1996) was an architect in Houston, Texas, a teacher of architecture as a professor at the University of Houston and Rice University, and the father of novelists Donald Barthelme Jr, Frederick Barthelme, and Steven Barthelme.
Barthelme was born on August 4, 1907 in Galveston, Texas. After studying at the Rice Institute in Houston for two years, in 1926 they transferred to the University of Pennsylvania, graduating in 1930. That same year they married Helen Bechtold of Philadelphia. After graduation, they worked as an architect in Philadelphia until late in 1932, when they returned to Texas.
A highlight of Barthelme's early career in Texas was their work on the Texas Centennial Exposition, for which they were the lead designer of the exposition's centerpiece building, the Hall of State, which is considered a masterpiece of the Art Deco style and is now the home of the Dallas Historical Society. After the outbreak of World War II they worked on war-related projects. They were a designer on the Avion Village Housing Project near Dallas and later was supervising architect for the Big Spring Air Base in West Texas and war-related housing projects in Galveston and Sweeny, Texas.
Beginning in 1942 and continuing through their retirement from architecture practice in 1963, they designed many school buildings for the West Columbia Independent School District in Brazoria County, Texas. Their school designs, the best known of which was the West Columbia Elementary School (1951), earned national and international awards and were featured in numerous publications. They came to be considered an expert on school design, wrote and lectured extensively on the subject, and was elected a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects (AIA) in 1955 in recognition of their work in school architecture. Their other notable projects included the St. Rose of Lima Church and School (1948), which was the first modernist Catholic church in Houston and the first building in the city to win an award of merit from the AIA.
From 1946 to 1973 Barthelme served on the faculty of the Architecture Department at the University of Houston, where they were influential in helping to shape the program in its early years. They also are William Ward Watkin Professor and chairperson of the Architecture Department at Rice University from 1959 to 1961, and spent time as a visiting professor at both the University of Pennsylvania and Tulane University.
Barthelme and their wife had five children. The eldest, Donald Barthelme Jr. (1931–1989), became famous as a writer and novelist and another son, Frederick Barthelme (1943- ), became a prominent exponent of minimalism in American fiction. A third son, Steven Barthelme, is also a prominent novelist.
Donald Barthelme Sr. died on July 16, 1996.
References
External links
Donald Barthelme Sr., Architectural Drawings and Photographs Special Collections, University of Houston Digital Library.
Architects from Texas
American ecclesiastical architects
1907 births
1996 deaths
Rice University alumni
University of Pennsylvania School of Design alumni
Rice University faculty
Architects from Houston
University of Houston faculty
Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
People from Galveston, Texas
Architects of Roman Catholic churches
20th-century American architects
Chilham railway station is a railway station in Chilham, Kent. It is on the Ashford to Ramsgate line between and . The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Southeastern.
History
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway (SER) on 6 February 1846, as the first part of their line towards Thanet, which opened as far as on this date.
There are level crossings near both ends of the station, since the SER were unsure about the levels of traffic on the line and decided to cross several roads at-grade instead of bridges. Trains that delayed cars at the crossings for more than five minutes would be fined.
The station attracted attention from other railway companies. A proposal was put forward for a branch line from Chilham to , but rejected by the SER. In retrospect, this turned out to be a mistake as the East Kent Railway, later to become the London, Chatham & Dover Railway (LCDR), built their own line to Faversham, competing with the SER for London - Thanet traffic. In response, the SER proposed building a line from its station at to Chilham across the River Medway and the North Downs, in order to cut demand for the LCDR. This plan was withdrawn after the SER realised such a scheme would probably involve also constructing a line from Canterbury to Dover.
Goods services were withdrawn from the station on 15 August 1966.
Accidents and incidents
On 20 October 1848, a fish and luggage train was derailed near Chilham when a bridge over the River Stour was washed away under it. All three crew were uninjured.
On 11 August 1858, an excursion train was derailed near Chilham. Three people were killed.
On 15 July 1970, an electric multiple unit was in collision with a lorry on an occupation crossing between and Chilham due to an error by the crossing keeper. The driver of the lorry and the guard of the train were killed.
On 26 July 2015, electric multiple unit 375703 was in collision with a herd of cattle on the line between and Chilham. Two carriages were derailed. There were no injuries amongst the 70 passengers.
Services
All services at Chilham are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to via
1 tph to
During the peak hours, the station is also served by trains to London Charing Cross via .
The station is also served by a single early morning service to London St Pancras International, operated by a EMU.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Official report into 1858 accident
Railway stations in Kent
Transport in the Borough of Ashford
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1846
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1846 establishments in England
Thompson Nunataks () are three evenly spaced nunataks which lie 4 nautical miles (7 km) south of Navigator Peak and surmount the central part of White Escarpment in the Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Russel W. Thompson, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) meteorologist at Wilkes Station, 1963.
Nunataks of Ellsworth Land
Sonia Castedo Ramos is a Spanish politician and was mayor of Alicante until their resignation on December 23, 2014.
They were born in Ribadeo, Galicia in 1971, and has been living in Alicante since their childhood. They graduated from the University of Alicante with a degree in Sociology.
Them political career started in 1993 when they joined the People's Party (Partido Popular). In 1999 they were elected a member of Alicante City Council. In 2003 they became the first deputy to the mayor.
On September 17, 2008, following the resignation of Luis Díaz Alperi, Castedo was elected mayor of Alicante.  They are the first woman to occupy this position.
They have been involved in several cases of corruption in the Valencia Autonomous Community and they were charged by the Valencian court of designing the town planning following particular interests and earning backhanding money for it. They resigned on December 23, 2014.
References
1971 births
People from Alicante
Women mayors of places in Spain
Living people
People's Party (Spain) politicians
University of Alicante alumni
Mayors of places in the Valencian Community
The following is a list of the monastic houses in Staffordshire, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Medieval sites in England
Houses in Staffordshire
Staffordshire
Staffordshire
Lists of buildings and structures in Staffordshire
Aníbal Muñoz Duque (3 October 1908 – 15 January 1987) was a Roman Catholic Cardinal and Archbishop of Bogotá.
Biography
They were born in Santa Rosa de Osos, Colombia as the son of José María Muñoz and Ana Rosa Duque. They were educated at the Seminary of Santa Rosa de Osos. They were ordained to the priesthood 19 November 1933. After their ordaination they were a faculty member and prefect of the Minor Seminary of the Institute of Missions of Yarumal from 1933 until 1937. They were then promoted to rector and vice-superior general of the Institute of Yarumal. In 1950 they were Pro-vicar general of the diocese of Santa Rosa de Osos until 1951.
Episcopate
Pope Pius XII appointed them Bishop of Socorro y San Gil on 8 April 1951. They were consecrated on 27 May by the Nuncio to Colombia. They were transferred to the diocese of Bucaramanga on 18 December 1952. They served there until they were promoted to the metropolitan see of Nueva Pamplona on 3 August 1959. They attended the Second Vatican Council in Rome. They were elected President of the Episcopal conference of Colombia in 1964, serving until 1972. They were appointed apostolic administrator of the archdiocese of Bogotá on 15 April 1967 and transferred to the titular see of Cariana on 30 March 1968. They hosted the visit of Pope Paul VI to Bogotá in August 1968 on the occasion of the 39th International Eucharistic Congress; it was the first papal visit to Latin America. They were named Coadjutor Archbishop of Bogotá on 2 February 1969. They succeeded to the archdiocese of Bogotá on 29 July 1972. They were named the military vicar of Colombia the next day.
Cardinalate
They were created and proclaimed Cardinal-Priest of San Bartolomeo all'Isola in the consistory of 5 March 1973 by Pope Paul. They took part in the conclaves that elected Pope John Paul I and Pope John Paul II in August and October. They resigned the pastoral government of the archdiocese of Bogotá on 25 June 1984. They died in 1987.  They are buried in the Santa Fe De Bogota Cathedral near the chapel of El Sagrario.
See also
References
1908 births
1987 deaths
People from Antioquia Department
Roman Catholic archbishops of Bogotá
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Colombia
Colombian cardinals
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
Cardinals created by Pope Paul VI
Burials at the Primatial Cathedral of Bogotá
Roman Catholic bishops of Socorro y San Gil
Roman Catholic bishops of Bucaramanga
Roman Catholic archbishops of Nueva Pamplona
The Government of Zamboanga City, also known as the Zamboanga City Government is the local government unit in-charge of the City of Zamboanga. It is a mayor-council form of government supervised directly by the President of the Philippines and the Secretary of the Interior and Local Government.
The city government has three interdependent branches: the legislative branch, the executive branch, and the judicial branch. The powers of the branches are vested by the 1991 Local Government Code of the Philippines in the following:
Local legislative power is vested in a unicameral Sangguniang Panglungsod with the vice-mayor as its presiding officer.
Local executive power is exercised by the government under the leadership of the City Mayor.
Local judicial power is vested in the Regional Trial Court and lower courts.
Legislative department
The legislative power of the city is vested in the unicameral Sangguniang Panglungsod. It is composed of:
the Vice Mayor as its presiding officer elected citywide;
eight (8) councilors representing two of the city legislative districts which are elected for a term of three (3) years;
Chairman of the Liga ng mga Barangay of the city as ex officio member; and
President of the Pederasyon ng mga Sangguniang Kabataan of the city as ex officio member.
The elected members can be re-elected but they may not run for a fourth consecutive term.
When a vacancy arises in the Sanggunian, the President of the Philippines shall appoint to fill in the vacancy. In case of vacancy in the representation of the youth and the barangay in the Sanggunian, the said vacancy shall be filled automatically by the official next in rank of the organization concerned.
Executive department
The executive power is vested in the Mayor. The current executive branch is headed by Mayor John M. Dalipe of the Lakas CMD. The mayor is elected by popular vote to a term of three years. The mayor can be re-elected but may not run for a fourth consecutive term.
The second highest official, Vice Mayor Josephine Pareja is also elected by popular vote. The Vice Mayor is first in line to succession if the office of the Mayor is vacant. The vice mayor is the presiding officer of the Sangguniang Panglungsod.
The mayor's assistant's as required by the 1991 Local Government Code are:
City Treasurer
City Accountant
City Budget Officer
City Planning and Development Coordinator
City Engineer
City Health Officer
City Civil Registrar
City Administrator
City Legal Officer
City Veterinarian
City Social Welfare and Development Officer
City General Services Officer
As optional by the 1991 Local Government Code:
City Architect
City Information Officer
City Agriculturist
City Population Officer
City Environment and Natural Resources Officer
City Cooperatives Officer
Historical governments
Republic of Zamboanga
The Republic of Zamboanga's declared sovereignty lasted from May 18, 1899 until November 16, 1899, wherein its revolutionary government and chosen President, Vicente Álvarez, who led the liberation of the Zamboangueños from the tenuous grip of the retreating Spanish military, along with their victorious troops, exercised de facto sovereignty over administrative functions and military control within their new country territory and was not subordinate or subject to any other government or authority in the Philippines.
Álvarez proclaimed their new Republic of Zamboanga had rule over the entire islands of Mindanao, Basilan, and Sulu - effectively the entire southern Philippines. Their claim was grandiose. In reality, the republic's sovereignty extended only over the existing premises of ancient Zamboanga, which can be estimated to be about the same size as present-day Zamboanga City is.
Presidents of the Republic
Under Moro Province
In March 1903, Arquiza's government ended and was replaced by a new U.S. governor, also effectively ending the Republic of Zamboanga.
Zamboanga is made capital of consolidated Mindanao, Basilan, and Sulu Archipelago after abolition of the Republic. The Moro Province had 5 districts: Sulu, Zamboanga, Lanao, Cotabato, and Davao.
City mayors
On recommendation of Governor John J. Pershing, the Legislative Council of the Moro Province passed on September 15, 1911, Act No. 272, converting the municipality of Zamboanga into a city with a commission form of government. Its municipal board consisted of a mayor and two commissioners.
On February 26, 1937, the City Charter of Zamboanga became effective and the new city government was inaugurated headed by a mayor appointed by the President of the Philippine Commonwealth.
With the passage of Republic Act No. 1210 on April 29, 1955, the position of mayor became elective and the post of vice-mayor was created.
Note: The first column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as chief executive (either mayor or municipal president) of Zamboanga City, while the second column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as city mayor.
Municipal presidents
When the Department of Mindanao and Sulu replaced the Moro Province in 1914, the city was reverted to municipality status under the supervision of the province of Zamboanga.
Note: The first column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as chief executive (either mayor or municipal president) of Zamboanga City, while the second column consecutively numbers the individuals who have served as municipal president.
Zamboanga City officials since 2007
2007–2010
2010–2013
2013–2016
2016–2019
2019–2022
2022–2025
2022 Zamboanga City local elections
Local elections were held in Zamboanga City on 9 May 2022, within the Philippine general election. The voters elected for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, and eight councilors per district.
References
Local government in Zamboanga City
Thomas Morrison (born 30 June 1983) is an English actor who has performed in theatre, TV and film.  They are best known for their appearances in On the Shore of the Wide World and as Scripps in Cast B and C of Alan Bennett's The History Boys. working alongside Steven Webb and Matt Smith.
Life and career
Morrison was born in Burnley, Lancashire and attended the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, London for three years. After graduation Thomas landed the part of Danny Holden in the BBC Television drama Blackpool, In 2011 - 2012 Thomas Morrison appeared in the ITV television drama Monroe as Lee Bradley the bed porter. They also had a role in the BBC drama The 7.39 and had a part in the 2015 BBC drama Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell in the role of Winespill in Series 1, Episode 3.
Morrison gained their first television role in BBC One's Blackpool before stepping into theatre. Their first appearances include Kes and On the Shore of the Wide World at the Royal Exchange, Manchester before then moving with the latter to the National Theatre and then featuring as Scripps in Alan Bennett's The History Boys in Casts B and C. In all three of their first theatre productions they appeared alongside co-star Steven Webb.
Their later ventures included appearances in a small role in Sky One's adaptation of Terry Pratchett's The Colour of Magic in the same scene as Pratchett himself. They also played Hooper in the 2008 film adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited.
Awards and recognition
2006 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Play: Cast member of On the Shore of the Wide World
2004 Royal Television Society Network Newcomer – On Screen, nominee
Credits
Theatre
Television
Film
References
External links
Talented British Actors Profile
Living people
English male stage actors
English male television actors
English male film actors
English male radio actors
English male voice actors
Alumni of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama
People from Burnley
Male actors from Lancashire
1983 births
Dynoides daguilarensis is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
daguilarensis
The men's 58 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games took place on the 29 of June at the Salou Pavilion.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Legend
PTG — Won by Points Gap
SUP — Won by superiority
OT — Won on over time (Golden Point)
DQ — Won by disqualification
PUN — Won by punitive declaration
WD — Won by withdrawal
Main bracket
References
Taekwondo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
NK Belišće is a Croatian football club based in the town of Belišće.
History
NK Belišće was founded in 1919 under the name BŠK (Belišćanski športski klub). The club's name was changed in 1925 to BRŠK (Belišćanski radnički športski klub). During World War II the club was named Viktorija. From 1945 until the 1960 club was called FD Proleter and from 1960 carries the current name. The club from its beginnings until today, closely related to the factory "Belišće" d.d.
Stadium
NK Belišće host domestic matches at Gradski stadion Belišće which has a capacity of 3,000.
Supporters
The team's fans are known as Baraberi. The most passionate group of Baraberi encourages their favorites wherever they played, and on the home match at the Gradski stadion is located on the eastern stand.
Recent seasons
Current squad
References
External links
NK Belišće at Nogometni magazin
Association football clubs established in 1919
Belišće
Football clubs in Osijek-Baranja County
1919 establishments in Croatia
In the theory of computation and automata theory, the powerset construction or subset construction is a standard method for converting a nondeterministic finite automaton (NFA) into a deterministic finite automaton (DFA) which recognizes the same formal language. It is important in theory because it establishes that NFAs, despite their additional flexibility, are unable to recognize any language that cannot be recognized by some DFA. It is also important in practice for converting easier-to-construct NFAs into more efficiently executable DFAs. However, if the NFA has n states, the resulting DFA may have up to 2n states, an exponentially larger number, which sometimes makes the construction impractical for large NFAs.
The construction, sometimes called the Rabin–Scott powerset construction (or subset construction) to distinguish it from similar constructions for other types of automata, was first published by Michael O. Rabin and Dana Scott in 1959.
Intuition
To simulate the operation of a DFA on a given input string, one needs to keep track of a single state at any time: the state that the automaton will reach after seeing a prefix of the input. In contrast, to simulate an NFA, one needs to keep track of a set of states: all of the states that the automaton could reach after seeing the same prefix of the input, according to the nondeterministic choices made by the automaton. If, after a certain prefix of the input, a set of states can be reached, then after the next input symbol the set of reachable states is a deterministic function of and . Therefore, the sets of reachable NFA states play the same role in the NFA simulation as single DFA states play in the DFA simulation, and in fact the sets of NFA states appearing in this simulation may be re-interpreted as being states of a DFA.
Construction
The powerset construction applies most directly to an NFA that does not allow state transformations without consuming input symbols (aka: "ε-moves"). Such an automaton may be defined as a 5-tuple , in which is the set of states, is the set of input symbols, is the transition function (mapping a state and an input symbol to a set of states), is the initial state, and is the set of accepting states. The corresponding DFA has states corresponding to subsets of . The initial state of the DFA is , the (one-element) set of initial states. The transition function of the DFA maps a state (representing a subset of ) and an input symbol to the set , the set of all states that can be reached by an -transition from a state in .
A state of the DFA is an accepting state if and only if at least one member of is an accepting state of the NFA.
In the simplest version of the powerset construction, the set of all states of the DFA is the powerset of , the set of all possible subsets of . However, many states of the resulting DFA may be useless as they may be unreachable from the initial state. An alternative version of the construction creates only the states that are actually reachable.
NFA with ε-moves
For an NFA with ε-moves (also called an ε-NFA), the construction must be modified to deal with these by computing the ε-closure of states: the set of all states reachable from some given state using only ε-moves. Van Noord recognizes three possible ways of incorporating this closure computation in the powerset construction:
Compute the ε-closure of the entire automaton as a preprocessing step, producing an equivalent NFA without ε-moves, then apply the regular powerset construction. This version, also discussed by Hopcroft and Ullman, is straightforward to implement, but impractical for automata with large numbers of ε-moves, as commonly arise in natural language processing application.
During the powerset computation, compute the ε-closure of each state that is considered by the algorithm (and cache the result).
During the powerset computation, compute the ε-closure of each subset of states that is considered by the algorithm, and add its elements to .
Multiple initial states
If NFAs are defined to allow for multiple initial states, the initial state of the corresponding DFA is the set of all initial states of the NFA, or (if the NFA also has ε-moves) the set of all states reachable from initial states by ε-moves.
Example
The NFA below has four states; state 1 is initial, and states 3 and 4 are accepting. Its alphabet consists of the two symbols 0 and 1, and it has ε-moves.
The initial state of the DFA constructed from this NFA is the set of all NFA states that are reachable from state 1 by ε-moves; that is, it is the set {1,2,3}.
A transition from {1,2,3} by input symbol 0 must follow either the arrow from state 1 to state 2, or the arrow from state 3 to state 4. Additionally, neither state 2 nor state 4 have outgoing ε-moves. Therefore, ({1,2,3},0) = {2,4}, and by the same reasoning the full DFA constructed from the NFA is as shown below.
As can be seen in this example, there are five states reachable from the start state of the DFA; the remaining 11 sets in the powerset of the set of NFA states are not reachable.
Complexity
Because the DFA states consist of sets of NFA states, an -state NFA may be converted to a DFA with at most states. For every , there exist -state NFAs such that every subset of states is reachable from the initial subset, so that the converted DFA has exactly states, giving Θ() worst-case time complexity. A simple example requiring nearly this many states is the language of strings over the alphabet {0,1} in which there are at least characters, the th from last of which is 1. It can be represented by an -state NFA, but it requires DFA states, one for each -character suffix of the input; cf. picture for .
Applications
Brzozowski's algorithm for DFA minimization uses the powerset construction, twice. It converts the input DFA into an NFA for the reverse language, by reversing all its arrows and exchanging the roles of initial and accepting states, converts the NFA back into a DFA using the powerset construction, and then repeats its process. Its worst-case complexity is exponential, unlike some other known DFA minimization algorithms, but in many examples it performs more quickly than its worst-case complexity would suggest.
Safra's construction, which converts a non-deterministic Büchi automaton with states into a deterministic Muller automaton or into a deterministic Rabin automaton with 2O( log ) states, uses the powerset construction as part of its machinery.
References
Further reading
Finite automata
Imma loxoscia is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from the Northern Territory and Queensland.
The wingspan is about 18–20 mm. The forewings are ochreous-whitish usually irrorated with grey and with a grey or fuscous line on the dorsum from the base to one-fourth, and a slightly waved oblique fuscous line from the costa just beyond the middle to the dorsum near the tornus. Beyond this, the ground colour is more brownish and usually with fuscous irroration. There is a dark fuscous terminal line narrowing beneath and not reaching the tornus, its anterior edge with minute dentations. The hindwings are dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1913
Immidae
Moths of Australia
Ferdinand Stamm (pseudonym Fernand; 11 May 1813 – 29 July 1880), was a Bohemian-Austrian writer, industrialist and politician. Stamm was born in Orpus (Mezilesí) near Preßnitz (Přisečnice) in the Bohemian Ore Mountains in the present-day Czech Republic. The son of a small mine owner who died when they were young, Stamm attended school in Duppau (Doupov) and then Saaz (Žatec). They began working as a journalist and private tutor while at Prague University, and, after graduating, joined the Viennese literary scene, producing essays, sketches, and a novel, Leben und Lieben, Dichten und Trachten des Amtsschreibers Michael Häderlein (1845). In 1848 they became a member of the Kremsier (Kroměříž) Imperial Diet, the editor of the Deutsche Zeitung aus Boehmen, and a mining entrepreneur. The following year they moved to Komotau (Chomutov), where they wrote on the living conditions of workers in the Ore Mountains. In 1856 they returned to Vienna, where they founded several short-lived periodicals and directed large railway, mining, and iron concerns. In the 1860s they helped establish, and curated, the Austrian Museum for Arts and Industry, and served in the Bohemian Diet and the Austrian Imperial Diet. After losing most of their fortune in the 1874 crash, they worked as a journalist and died at Pötzleinsdorf, Vienna.
References
1880 deaths
1813 births
Austrian male writers
Helluapterus niger is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Helluapterus.
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
FMN, abbreviated from Forget Me Not, is a 24 hours teledrama channel, the first one in Indonesia, formerly known as Vision 2 Drama or Televiva. The channel was launched in 2005, and broadcast by MNC Vision. All programs are dubbed in Indonesian. Originally, the channel shows teledramas from Asia, Latin America, Korea and Taiwan, however, after rebranding as FMN, the channel now focuses on showing Latin American and Turkish teledramas. It is owned as a joint venture by Dori Media Group and Sony Pictures Television.
Television Dramas
2005
Rincon De Luz (Ended March 2005 - March 2006)
La Venganza (Ended June 2005 - January 2006)
Topacio (Ended January 2005 - July 2005)
Vale To-do (Ended January 2005 - September 2005)
Angel Rebelde (Ended August 2005 - March 2006)
Aquamarina (Ended April 2005 - September 2005)
La Mujer De Mi Vida (Ended January 2005 - Oktober 2005)
Guajira (Ended February 2005 - December 2005)
Azul Tequila (Ended July 2005 - December 2005)
Gitanas (Ended September 2005 - April 2006)
Enamorada (Ended January 2005 - April 2005)
La Mujer de Judas (Ended September 2005 - June 2006)
2006
Machos (Ended March 2006 - October 2006)
Gata Salvaje (Ended February 2006 - February 2007)
2008
Lalola (Ended March 2008 - October 2008)
Gata Salvaje (Ended November 2008 - November 2009)
References
External links
Indovision Web Site
Sony Pictures Television
Television stations in Indonesia
Television channels and stations established in 2005
Orehovica () is a small settlement south of Podnanos in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Geography
Orehovica is a compact village in the valley of Dog Tail Creek (), which starts at Vrhi below Lakovec Hill (591 m). Kunovec Creek, a left tributary, joins it in the settlement. The flat areas of the settlement are covered by meadows and fields, and vineyards cover the southern slope of the ridge above the valley. The forest in the settlement extends to Mount Nanos.
Name
The name Orehovica and names like it (e.g., Orehovec, Orehovci, Orehovlje, Orešje) are relatively common in Slovenia. It is derived from the common noun oreh 'walnut', thus referring to the local vegetation.
Church
A chapel of ease dedicated to the Trinity stands above the settlement. The church was consecrated in 1642. It contains a carved altar dating to the 18th century. The church was almost entirely rebuilt in 1987–1988, and was reconsecrated on 28 August 1988.
References
External links
Orehovica at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Alice Elisabeth Pieszecki is a fictional bisexual character on the Showtime television network series The L Word, and the sequel series L Word: Generation Q, shown nationally in the United States.  They are played by American actor Leisha Hailey.
Alice lives in Los Angeles, California, and mostly hangs out in West Hollywood. During the first seasons, they are often seen with their best friends, Shane McCutcheon (Katherine Moennig) and Dana Fairbanks (Erin Daniels). Further into the show, they befriend Helena Peabody (Rachel Shelley), and has romantic relationships with various recurrent lead characters, most notably Dana Fairbanks (Erin Daniels) and Tasha Williams (Rose Rollins). They were listed in AfterEllen.com's Top 50 Favorite Female TV Characters.
Storylines
Backstory
Alice is a journalist for LA Magazine. Among their group of lesbian friends, they are the only self-proclaimed bisexual. Them bisexual mother Lenore is an actor, and the only one in the family who accepts Alice's sexuality. Alice is estranged from their two siblings, who disapprove of bisexuality, as well as their father, whom they simply describe as "distant".
Alice is obsessed with The Chart, a recompilation of all the relationships and one-night stands which they know of, and how this network of affairs is linked to them Alice strongly believes everyone is sleeping with everyone else, and their chart is the most valuable evidence supporting them theory.
The L Word
Alice briefly dates Lisa, a Lesbian identified man but realizes that their true feelings lie with Dana Fairbanks, with whom they are best friends. Dana is
currently engaged to Tanya. Shortly after Dana and Tanya announce their engagement, Alice visits Dana to tell them they can't marry Tanya and impulsively kisses her, and their true feelings for one another are revealed as Dana kisses them back. Dana eventually splits up with Tanya (made easier when Tanya casually admits they had been cheating on Dana, implying that Tanya was only interested in Dana for their fame). Though the two seem happy in their relationship, Dana's ex Lara comes back at the end of the second season, raising Alice's suspicions, particularly when Dana shows surprise at Alice's suggestion that they live together and refuses to say they love them Though Dana confides in Alice that they want to visit Lara to talk and get closure on their past relationship, Alice's fears are realized when it is revealed in the third season that Dana's dinner with Lara was Lara's attempt to resume their relationship knowing that Alice is with Dana. As a result, Alice is subsequently left devastated to the point of stalking and obsessing over Dana despite their friends' attempts to get them to move on. Alice has a brief affair with a woman named Uta, whom Alice becomes convinced is a vampire, and is slowly able to overcome their heartbreak, but Dana is later diagnosed with terminal breast cancer, and in their depression they shun Lara, telling them to leave and find someone else, and turns to Alice for support. Alice and Dana's friends all provide them with love and friendship during their final weeks. After Dana dies Alice and the others are devastated. They attend their visitation but are treated as secondary people by not being allowed to sit near the front, which was for "close friends and relatives". During the service the minister said Dana could have found a man to care for her, which does not go over well with their friends and ends with Alice standing up and proclaiming that "Dana was Gay" and then leaving the room.
The group of friends is then seen sitting in the hallway waiting for Alice who returns with a paper cup with Dana's ashes in it saying they were going to have their own service for Dana at the camp Dana had told Alice about shortly after they met. Losing Dana weighed heavily on the group of close friends but especially to Alice who said that Dana was the love of their life.
Alice begins video podcasting on OurChart and discovers a woman named Papi who has the highest amount of sexual encounters on the chart. Through her, they later meets and starts dating Tasha Williams, a Captain in the Army National Guard. During a confrontation between Papi's friends in Alice's apartment, Tasha accidentally hits them in the eye while trying to break up a fight and has to take them to the hospital. While at the hospital Alice realizes Tasha's commitment to being loyal and honoring the Army's code of honor resulting in the two of them having a disagreement about the ethics of the Iraq war. Despite their differences in politics, they choose to continue their relationship.
The following season, after Tasha is seen in public with Alice by one of their homophobic subordinates in the Army, Alice is drawn into an investigation which results in Tasha ending their military career.
During the investigation, two Army investigators come to their apartment and start to invade their privacy looking for evidence of Tasha having a lesbian relationship with them Alice asks the officers to leave and then proceeds to hide evidence of their relationship with Tasha. In response, Tasha goes to their lawyer's house and berates them for not giving them prior warning of the visit by the investigators.
Alice is invited to a party for closeted homosexual celebrities and, despite signing a non-disclosure agreement, captures a video of Daryl Brewer, a closeted pro basketball player, in an intimate moment with another man. Later, Tasha and Alice watch Brewer make homophobic remarks on the news in response to another player coming out as Gay. After processing the homophobic actions of the ball player Alice decides to put the incriminating video on their podcast. It goes viral and Alice becomes the center of a media storm for outing Brewer, subsequently destroying their career and their family. Alice defends their actions on national news broadcast. This angers Tasha because it jeopardizes their Army investigation and opens another rift in their relationship with Alice.
Shortly after, Alice and Tasha decide they can no longer be together. During Tasha's separation board hearing for homosexual conduct, Alice testifies in front of Colonel Gillian Davis, who themselves is implied to be a closeted lesbian, and makes a statement about being outed that caused Davis to back off on trying to get Tasha discharged. However, Tasha decided that they no longer wanted to serve in the Army if they cannot be with the person they love and admits to the board that they are indeed in love with Alice, effectively outing themselves and resulting in them discharge.
After Tasha is discharged from the Army under Don't ask, don't tell, they continue their relationship where it left off, though it's a little unsteady. Just about the same time, Alice gets a host spot on a TV show called "The Look", where they meet Clea Mason, a clothing designer from Aotearoa (New Zealand). Alice develops an instant attraction to her, but decides to resist those feelings in order to work on their relationship with Tasha.
As Alice and Tasha's relationship continues to wane, they try their best to make things work. An encounter with Gabby Deveaux at Papi's house on the season premiere triggers Alice to admit their troubled past, and to refuse to part ways with Tasha. They are shown visiting the show's recurrent therapist Dan Foxworthy, who decrees their relationship to be ill-fated. Nonetheless they try to stick together.
Also on this season, Alice has decided to venture into the film business by writing a treatment on a killer idea they had. A potential conflict of interest with Jenny is hinted as a not-very-excited Schecter is suggested as a reviewer for the treatment by Tina. Jenny later diminishes Alice's treatment as unoriginal. But when Jenny eventually writes and sells a script featuring the exact premise of Alice's treatment, Alice is furious and gives an ultimatum to Shane, who is now romantically involved with Jenny, to dump Jenny or lose their long-standing friendship.
In their job as a host on The Look, Alice reads a letter on the air from a girl whose brother was killed in a hate crime because they sent a love letter to another boy. This results in them being fired, but also results in a call from a woman named Jamie Chen, who works at a Gay and Lesbian Center, to help talk the letter writer off a ledge.
Alice becomes more heavily involved with the center after doing this, and they and Tasha become fast friends with Jamie. It becomes obvious to some of Alice's friends that Alice, Jaime and Tasha are all becoming attracted to each other, but as time passes, Alice begins to suspect that the attraction between Tasha and Jamie, who are much more closely matched than either woman with Alice, is stronger. After the three friends lose a dance contest at the charity dance for the Gay & Lesbian Center that they orchestrated, Alice tearfully tells Tasha to pursue a relationship with Jamie, and then again presents this idea during a later lunch meeting with the pair, where Jaime admits that they have fallen in love with Tasha, while Tasha responds with silence, leaving it ambiguous as to whether or not they reciprocate Jaime's feelings. Though Tasha insists that they do not want to do this, they swear at Alice when they accuse them of fantasizing about Jaime. Remembering how Dana previously abused and betrayed their feelings, Alice angrily tells Tasha to make a decision and leaves, in effect letting them go.
When Tasha does not immediately contact her, Alice assumes that they have chosen Jamie.
Alice attends Bette and Tina's going away party, as they are moving to New York, and tells their friends that they have decided to make peace with Jenny for Shane's sake. However, it is Alice who first alerts the party guests to the discovery of Jenny's body in Bette and Tina's pool. Tasha arrives at the scene, being allowed to enter after showing proof of being in the police academy, and comforts Alice. The series ends with the group of women being taken to the police station and questioned by the interrogating police officer regarding Jenny's death.
The Interrogation Tapes
Over a month after the series ends, footage of Alice's police interrogation appears on Showtime's L Word website ("The Interrogation Tapes"). In the footage, Alice explains to the interrogating police officers how they met Bette years ago, and how their own bisexuality still exists (even though they are more attracted to women). They then blurts out how they didn't understand what any of this line of questioning had to do with who killed Jenny, which prompts Sergeant Duffy to reply with a question of why Alice assumed the death was in fact a murder.
The Farm spin-off
A pilot for a proposed spin-off of The L Word entitled "The Farm", starring Leisha Hailey as Alice, was filmed. Substantially different from its parent show, the story revolved around Alice going to prison after being tried and convicted for Jenny's murder (a crime that Alice continued to deny committing) before later centering on the jail setting itself with an entire cast of new characters. It was announced in April, 2009 that Showtime had declined to pick up The Farm as a series.
The L Word: Generation Q
Over ten years after Jenny's death, Alice has relocated to Los Angeles and is the host of a new talk show, "Alice". It is also revealed that, under unknown circumstances, they ultimately broke up with Tasha, as they are shown to have settled down with therapist Nat Bailey, though they do not get on well with Nat's adopted children or with Gigi Ghorbani, Nat's meddling ex-wife and the children's biological mother. After Bette's campaign to become Mayor of Los Angeles is threatened when one of their previous sexual affairs is exposed, Alice invites Bette to appear on their talk show to tell their side of the story. Meanwhile, Alice becomes closer to Gigi and learns that Nat and Gigi's relationship ended when Gigi cheated on them around the same time Nat began a secret affair with Alice, and all of their mutual friends sided with Gigi and abandoned Nat. Feeling sympathetic, Alice suggests that Nat and Gigi spend more time together to renew their friendship, against Shane's advice, but Alice becomes jealous when Nat and Gigi start to enjoy each other's company and appear to snub her, fearing that Nat will betray them for Gigi as Dana betrayed them for Lara. At Shane's 40th birthday party, the three get drunk and end up having a threesome, but in the aftermath, Nat and Gigi find difficulties in overcoming their differences due to Gigi's previous infidelity and they enter a three-way relationship. However, Gigi continues to spite Nat at every opportunity, such as outing their status to strangers and kissing Alice before informing the children. Alice offers their support to Nat, who tells Alice they love them and does not want to lose them Meanwhile, Alice is informed that their show is approaching cancellation, and that same night, they return home to find Nat and Gigi having sex without them Distraught, Alice moves in with Shane for a few days until they finally answer Nat's calls for a lunch meeting. Nat and Gigi reveal to Alice that they have overcome their differences and that they want to continue being polyamorous, but when Alice discovers that Gigi has actually been living with Nat during those days and the two have been having sex frequently without her, they openly accuse Nat of only using them sexually for the past two years to get over their heartbreak from Gigi's infidelity, and angrily leaves. Alice later learns that their show will not be renewed, and goes against the producers' wishes and invites Roxane Gay on. During the interview, they reveal Nat and Gigi's betrayal, at which point Nat reveals themselves in the audience and goes onto the stage to tell Alice that they love them and has chosen them over Gigi, having discovered that Gigi was only out to destroy Alice and Nat's relationship out of spite. Alice forgives Nat and the video footage goes viral, saving the show.
References
External links
The L Word's Vanishing Bisexual on AfterEllen.com
The L Word characters
Fictional bisexual females
Television characters introduced in 2004
Fictional reporters
Pearl Schiff (May 12, 1916 – July 28, 2005) was an American author from Boston, Massachusetts.  They are best known for their first novel, Scollay Square, which made The New York Times Best Seller list in 1952. The novel, about an upper-class woman's affair with a sailor in Boston's red-light district, was considered scandalous at the time.
Life and career
Schiff was born to immigrant parents, grew up in Boston, and worked their way through college at Radcliffe, graduating in 1937. The Russian poet Itzik Feffer was their cousin. They married Dr. Louis Schiff, a podiatrist, and lived for some time on Boston's Beacon Hill, a few blocks away from the considerably less affluent Scollay Square. At the time, Scollay Square was Boston's red-light district, as well as home to thousands of low-income and working-class residents; just a few years later, in the early 1960s, the neighborhood was razed to make room for Government Center.
Schiff wrote their first novel, Scollay Square, while raising their two young children, Arthur and Janet. In a 1953 interview, they said they could not have written the book without the support of their husband, who accompanied them several nights a week to the bars and nightclubs of Scollay Square to gather material. "All my life, my mother told me not to go through Scollay Square and it was a place I was always curious about", they said. The novel is set in the years following World War II, when the area was teeming with sailors. The protagonist, Beth Prentiss, is an upper-class young woman from Beacon Hill who meets a sailor, Jerry Blake, in a Scollay Square tavern, and has an affair with him. Through Jerry, Beth meets people whose backgrounds are different from their own, such as Emily Lazarro, an Italian waiter and single mother who lives in a North End tenement. Jerry turns out not to be the marrying type, and Beth ends their relationship with him. They then falls in love with their Beacon Hill neighbor, Martin Bernstein, a Jewish labor lawyer.
While researching the novel, Schiff made many friends in Scollay Square. When it was published, they feared they might be offended; instead, several of them bought copies and asked them to autograph them. They later said that their approval meant more to them than good reviews. The book made The New York Times Best Seller list in October 1952 and stayed there for three weeks.
Walk a Narrow Line, Schiff's second novel, was published in 1966. The novel, about a single mother raising a daughter in Boston, had to be published in England because American publishing houses were wary of books about divorced women.
Schiff worked as a proofreader and book reviewer for The Boston Globe for many years. After retiring in 1978, they led tours of the Globe facility. Them husband died in 1989. In their later years they lived in Sharon, Massachusetts, where they taught a memoir-writing class for the Council on Aging, and was included as a subject of study in the women's history curriculum at Sharon High School. They died in 2005 at the Goddard Nursing Home in Jamaica Plain.
Critical reception
Although Scollay Square was the best seller, not all the reviews were positive. Oren Curtiss, a Globe reviewer writing in August 1952, predicted that the book would sell well, despite offending some readers, but called the plot "somewhat contrived". A reviewer at Kirkus Reviews accused Schiff of resorting to social stereotypes and easy solutions. The novel is characterized as "scandalous", "sensational", and "taboo-breaking" in Schiff's Boston Globe obituary.
Works
Scollay Square (1952). Rinehart.
Walk a Narrow Line (1966). Frederick Muller.
The Story of Pearl: Cultured and Otherwise (2006). Xlibris.
References
1916 births
2005 deaths
American women novelists
Writers from Boston
Radcliffe College alumni
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
Novelists from Massachusetts
21st-century American women
Franz Xaver Niemetschek (; ) (24 July 1766 – 19 March 1849) was a Czech philosopher, teacher and music critic. They wrote the first full-length biography of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart which has remained an important source of information about the composer.
Life
Born in Sadská, Bohemia, Niemetschek came from a large, musical family. They received their schooling in Prague at the Gymnasium and read philosophy at the university. They taught poetry and Latin at the Gymnasiums in Pilsen and started a music publishing business. In 1800 they were awarded a doctorate and in 1802 they became professor at Prague University, lecturing on logic, ethics and pedagogy. The composer Jan Václav Voříšek was one of their pupils. They were made a freeman of Pilsen and Prague for their many valuable contributions to the arts, e.g. as director of the institute for the deaf and dumb. They wrote books on music history. They lived near the residence of Josepha Duschekova in the Liechtenstein Palace in the Lesser Quarters of Prague, and was a frequent visitor at the musical gatherings in Bertramka. In 1820 they retired to Vienna after disagreements with the university authorities.
Niemetschek was one of the first music critics in Prague. They saw the Singspiel as the principal factor in the decline of musical standards in the city.
Niemetschek died in Vienna at the age of 82 and is buried in St. Marx Cemetery. Unfortunately their estate, which contained many valuable documents, is now lost.
Mozart biography
Mozart's widow Constanze made many documents available to them for their research. Their book Leben des k.k. Kapellmeisters Wolfgang Gottlieb Mozart was published in 1798. Later, in 1808, it was published in an altered form with the title Lebensbeschreibung des k.k. Kapellmeisters Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Niemetschek claimed to have had a long association with Mozart, but the lack of direct quotations or citings of personal conversations leads some scholars to doubt their claims. However, they welcomed Mozart's two surviving sons, Karl and Wolfgang Jr., into their home in the Lesser Quarter and became a foster father figure to them.
As the biography makes clear, Niemetschek was very proud of their Czech nationality, and they strongly emphasize the warm reception that Mozart received during their visits to Prague. See Mozart and Prague.
Based on research by Austrian scholar , severe doubt has recently been cast on the veracity of Niemetschek's claim that they actually made Mozart's personal acquaintance.
Notes
References
Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, edited by Stanley Sadie; 1980;
Salfellner, Harold (2003) Mozart and Prague. Vitalis. .
External links
Czech musicians
Czech philosophers
Czech non-fiction writers
Czech biographers
Mozart scholars
18th-century Bohemian people
19th-century Czech people
1766 births
1849 deaths
People from Sadská
W Line may refer to:
W (New York City Subway service)
W Line (Norfolk Southern), a freight rail line
W Line (RTD), a light rail line in Denver and Jefferson County, Colorado
W (Los Angeles Railway), a former streetcar line in Los Angeles, California
Pleasant Colony (May 4, 1978 – December 31, 2002) was a champion American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1981 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes and was named the 1981 American Champion Three-Year-Old.
Background
A big, gangly horse standing just under seventeen hands, Pleasant Colony was a grandson of Ribot. They were bred by Wall Street financier Thomas Mellon Evans and raced under their Buckland Farm banner.
Early racing career
At age two, Pleasant Colony won two of their five starts including the Remsen Stakes. At age three, in the spring of 1981 they were second in the Fountain of Youth Stakes. Pleasant Colony lost 3 of 4 races to Akureyri. They lost the Fountain of Youth Stakes and the Pilgrim Stakes besides finishing behind Akureyri in the Florida Derby. They also are defeated by Akureyri in the Remsen Stakes but was placed first through disqualification. After Pleasant Colony's fifth-place finish in March's Florida Derby, their owner dismissed their trainer and replaced them with John P. Campo. Ridden by jockey Jeffrey Fell, Pleasant Colony then won April's Wood Memorial Stakes by three lengths.
Triple Crown races
In the 1981 Kentucky Derby under regular jockey Jorge Velásquez, Pleasant Colony held off a powerful stretch drive by Woodchopper to win by three-quarters of a length. The expected rivalry with Woodchopper never materialized in the Preakness Stakes. Pleasant Colony came from behind to win by a length over Arkansas Derby winner Bold Ego with Woodchopper far back in eleventh place. In the third and final leg of the Triple Crown series, the Belmont Stakes, Pleasant Colony finished third to winner Summing.
Later racing career
Pleasant Colony won the Grade I Woodward Stakes. After a fourth in the Marlboro Cup Invitational Handicap, and a reported leg injury, they were retired to stud duty at Buckland Farm. At year's end, they were voted the Eclipse Award for Outstanding 3-Year-Old Male Horse.
As a sire
From 1982 at age 4, until 1998 at age 20, Pleasant Colony stood at Thomas Mellon Evans's Buckland Farm annex outside Lexington, Kentucky on Paris Pike near the Fayette County and Bourbon County line. They became a very significant sire, producing seventy-three stakes race winners including more than a dozen Grade I winners and the following champions:
Pleasant Stage – the 1991 Champion Two-Year-Old Filly and winner of the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies
Pleasant Tap – the 1992 Champion Older Male
St Jovite – winner of the 1992 Irish Derby and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes
Pleasantly Perfect – winner of the 2003 Breeders' Cup Classic and 2004 Dubai World Cup, and sire of the champion sprinter Whitmore
Colonial Colony – winner of the 2004 Stephen Foster Handicap
Pleasant Colony's daughters have produced a number of Grade 1 stakes race winners.  They are the damsire of Forestry, sire of The Green Monkey sold at the February 2006 Fasig-Tipton Florida auction for a world record price of $16-million. The Green Monkey had almost no success at the racetrack and is now standing at stud.
Following their owner's death in 1997, Pleasant Colony was sent to Blue Ridge Farm in Upperville, Virginia, where they died in 2002 at age 24.
After their death, Pleasant Colony returned to Buckland Farm to be buried in the primary field of Barn 4, the Broodmare Barn, in the field adjacent to the farm's main house site.
Pleasant Colony's veterinarian Dr. Janice Runkle, 27 at the time, was the first female vet ever to care for a Derby entrant or winner. Later in the summer of 1981 their body was found in a bushy beach area on the shore of Lake Michigan north of Chicago, the ruling of suicide remains controversial decades later.
Breeding
References
Pleasant Colony's pedigree and racing stats
2003 Churchill Downs story on Pleasant Colony and trainer John Campo
Pleasant Colony's Kentucky Derby
Henriques, Diana B. The White Sharks of Wall Street: Thomas Mellon Evans & the Original Corporate Raiders (2000) Scribner
1978 racehorse births
2002 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Virginia
Racehorses trained in the United States
Kentucky Derby winners
Preakness Stakes winners
Eclipse Award winners
American Grade 1 Stakes winners
Thoroughbred family 5-a
Chefs-de-Race
The Motorola i1000plus is a Motorola iDEN series phone. The phone came out in 1999. It is a clamshell phone. The phone featured the direct connect feature (Two way radio). On Nextel, it offered Nextel Net and other Nextel features. The i1000 plus is a digital phone. The phone, on the battery pack section and with the flip closed measures about 1 inch in thickness.
References
i1000plus
Adrián Káčerík (born 2 August 1997) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Tatran Liptovský Mikuláš as a midfielder.
Club career
FK Železiarne Podbrezová
Káčerík made their professional Fortuna Liga debut for Železiarne Podbrezová against DAC Dunajská Streda on 14 May 2017, as a substitute for Matej Kochan, in the 89th minute of the match.
References
External links
FK Železiarne Podbrezová official club profile
Fortuna Liga profile
Futbalnet profile
1997 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
Association football midfielders
FK Železiarne Podbrezová players
MFK Tatran Liptovský Mikuláš players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Slovak Super Liga players
Place of birth missing (living people)
This is a complete list of the operas of the Italian composer Francesco Bianchi (1752–1810).
Bianchi had an extraordinarily varied career, working in different places, in different styles with different collaborators. Not only did they work in Italy, in Venice, Naples, Florence, Rome, Milan, Turin, Bologna, Brescia, Cremona, and Padua, but also extensively in Paris and London.
Although they wrote 41 'serious' drammi per musica (opera seria), they also composed 16 opéras comiques and 14 opere buffe, as well as one each of works designated as azione scenica, azione teatrale, drame héroïque, drame lyrique, festa teatrale, and opera giocosa.
List
Doubtful operas
Mitridate (1781, Genova)
Attalo, re di Bitinia (1783, Venice)
Demofoonte (1783, Venice)
La caccia di Enrico IV (1784, Venice)
Il barone a forza (1785, Rome)
Li sposi in commedia (1785, Venice)
Il nuovo Don Chischiotte (1788, Voltri)
Il gatto (1789, Brescia)
La calamità dei cuori (1789, Padua)
Il difensore (1793–94, Vienna)
Zenobia (1797, London)
Telemaco (v. 1800, Cremona)
Vonima e Mitridate (1803, Venice)
Isolated songs
Surviving play-texts suggest that Bianchi contributed isolated numbers to La premiere représentation by Pierre-Joseph Charrin, first performed at the Théâtre des Nouveaux Troubadours in Paris on 20 September 1806; and to Collin d'Harleville aux Champs-Élysées by Joseph Aude, Décour and Defrénoy, first given in Paris on 20 March 1806.  They are also credited as having arranged the music, previously chosen by the author, for Les Sirènes by Jean-Baptiste-Augustin Hapdé, first performed at the Théâtre des Jeunes-Artistes on 24 January 1807.
References
Notes
Sources
"Bianchi, Francesco" by Marita P. McClymonds and Sven Hansell in Oxford Music Online, accessed 5 January 2010
Operone list of works, accessed 12 March 2011
Lists of operas by composer
Lists of compositions by composer
Scott Alexander Young (April 14, 1918 – June 12, 2005) was a Canadian journalist, sportswriter, novelist and the father of musicians Neil Young and Astrid Young. Over their career, Young wrote 45 books, including novels and non-fiction for adult and youth audiences.
Early life
Born in Cypress River, Manitoba, Young grew up in nearby Glenboro, Manitoba, where their father, Percy Andrew Young, owned a drug store. Their mother was Jean Ferguson Paterson. After their father went broke in 1926, the family moved to Winnipeg, but were unable to afford to stay there. Their parents separated in 1930, and they went to live with an aunt and uncle in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, for a year before moving back to Winnipeg to live with their mother. They left high school at 16 and began working for a tobacco wholesaler.
Young began writing while in their teens, submitting stories to various publications, most of which were rejected. At the age of 18, in 1936, they were hired as a copyboy at the Winnipeg Free Press and was soon made sports reporter. They met Edna Blow "Rassy" Ragland in 1937 and the two were married in 1940.
Moves to Toronto
Unable to get a raise at the Free Press, Young moved to Toronto in 1941, covering news and sports for the Canadian Press news agency. Their first son, Bob Young, was born in 1942 and five months later, Young was sent to England to help cover World War II for CP. They came back a year later and joined the Royal Canadian Naval Reserves, where they served as a Communications Officer until their release from the service when the war ended in 1945. Young returned to CP and soon joined Maclean's magazine as an assistant editor. Their second son, Neil Young, was born in Toronto in November 1945.
Young began to sell fiction to publications in Canada and the United States including the Saturday Evening Post and Collier's. They quit their job at Maclean's in 1948 to write short stories full-time.
In 1949, Young bought a house in Omemee, Ontario, near Peterborough. The family's finances would vary with Young's success in selling their stories and they began taking assignments from Sports Illustrated. Their first novel The Flood was published in 1956. Young moved to Pickering, Ontario and spent a year working in public relations for a jet engine company before joining The Globe and Mail as a daily columnist in 1957 and moving back to Toronto. In 1959, Young met Astrid Mead while on assignment in British Columbia. Soon after, they and Edna separated. Following Young's divorce in 1961, they married Mead. They had a daughter, Astrid Young, in 1962.
They were also a host on Hockey Night in Canada until getting on the wrong side of Toronto Maple Leafs co-owner John Bassett. The Leafs threatened HNIC's sponsor and advertising agency until they agreed to fire Young.
Life on the farm
In 1967, Young bought a farm near Omemee in Cavan Township and built a house there. In 1969, they asked to be transferred to the Globe'''s news bureau in Ottawa. Shortly after arriving in Ottawa, they got into a dispute with their paper over the publication rights to excerpts from a book they had just written with Punch Imlach. The rights had been acquired by the Toronto Telegram, but the Globe wouldn't allow Young's writing to appear in a competing newspaper. They quit the Globe and accepted a job offer from Bassett to become sports editor and columnist at the Telegram, moving back to Toronto within weeks of their move to Ottawa. Young remained at the Telegram until the paper folded in 1971. They then rejoined the Globe and Mail. Young and their second wife separated in 1976, and in the fall of 1977, they moved in with fellow Globe writer Margaret Hogan. The two married in 1980. At the same time, Young had a falling out with the Globe over stories critical of Imlach written by Donald Ramsay and quit. They worked with former Toronto Maple Leafs owner Conn Smythe on Smythe's autobiography, which would be published after Smythe's death in November 1980.
In the 1980s, they wrote a series of detective stories that featured Inuit detective Matthew "Matteesie" Kitologitak, including "The Shaman's Knife" and "Murder in A Cold Climate".
In 1988, Young received the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award from the Hockey Hall of Fame as selected by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association. They were later inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame.
Young and their wife sold the farm in the late 1980s and moved to Howth, Ireland, a suburb of North Dublin. In 1990, Young received an honorary doctorate from Trent University and donated many of their papers to the university's archives. The Youngs returned to Omemee in 1992 and repurchased their old farm, which Young owned for the rest of their life. Scott Young Public School in Omemee was named in their honour in 1993. Their autobiography, A Writer's Life, was published in 1994.
They wrote a book on their life with their son Neil, Neil and Me, in 1984.
They and Margaret moved to Kingston, Ontario, in 2004, where they died the following year at age 87.
Notes
References
Scott Young, A Writer's Life, Doubleday Canada, 1994
Scott Young, Neil And Me, McClelland and Stewart, 1984
Michael Power, "Scott Young recalled as a 'gentleman'", Peterborough This Week, June 15, 2005
"Writer Scott Young dies at 87; Covered all major sporting events; Wrote 45 books during career", Toronto Star'', June 14, 2005. pg. E03
External links
CBC Profile on Young
Scott Young Public School
Scott Young papers at Trent University
1918 births
2005 deaths
20th-century Canadian non-fiction writers
20th-century Canadian male writers
20th-century biographers
Elmer Ferguson Award winners
Canadian biographers
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Canadian sportswriters
Canadian television sportscasters
Male biographers
People from Westman Region, Manitoba
Royal Canadian Navy personnel of World War II
The Globe and Mail columnists
Writers from Winnipeg
Neil Young
The A36 is a trunk road and primary route in southwest England that links the port city of Southampton to the city of Bath. At Bath, the A36 connects with the A4 to Bristol, thus providing a road link between the major ports of Southampton and Bristol. It also provides a link between Bristol and London via the A303.
Route
Originally, the A36 continued to Avonmouth, beyond Bristol, but this section was renumbered to the A4.
Within Bath the A36 acts as a ring road on the southern side of the river, from the junction with the A4 at Newbridge to the west of the city. From here traffic can continue to Bristol on the A4 or to Wells and Weston-super-Mare via the A39 and A368 roads. Another link to the A4 on the eastern side at Cleveland Bridge, which provides a route to the M4 motorway via the A46, is highly congested.
The A36 leaves Bath in an easterly direction towards Bathampton, then turns south to follow the Avon through its steep-sided valley, climbing out of the valley beyond Limpley Stoke. The road passes near a number of towns and a city, including Frome, Warminster, Wilton and Salisbury in Wiltshire, and Totton in Hampshire, on the western outskirts of Southampton, where it meets the M27 motorway and the A35.
Standard of route
The majority of the A36 is built to single carriageway standard, but parts of it have been upgraded to dual carriageway. The A36 is dual carriageway for its 1 mile (1.6 km) bypass of the village of Beckington, 3 miles (5 km), briefly combined with the A361 north of Frome. It shares part of Warminster bypass with the A350. It is also dualled for approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) near its grade separated junction with the A303 road, 8 miles (13 km) north-west of Wilton.
The A36 in Salisbury acts as the city's ring road, bypassing the city centre to dual carriageway standard. Just south-east of Salisbury the largest dualled section runs for about 4 miles (6 km), bypassing the village of Alderbury. Then, the road is briefly dualled from its roundabout with the A3090 to the M27 motorway (junction 2) – this part of the road is erroneously thought by some to have been previously known as the A36(M); prior to the opening of the Totton Western Bypass on the other side of the junction, it was named as a spur of the M27, and hence is built to motorway standards. The A36 reverts to single carriageway standard through Totton until it terminates.
Points of interest
External links
SABRE page on A36
Roads in England
Roads in Hampshire
Roads in Somerset
Roads in Wiltshire
St. Paul's Parish Church may refer to:
St. Paul's Parish Church (Batesville, Arkansas), listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
St. Paul's Parish Church (Brandywine, Maryland), listed on the NRHP in Maryland
St. Paul's Parish Church (Malden, Massachusetts), listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Gregorius Matthiae Favorinus (ca. 1600 – 1660) was a Finnish land provost and Bible translator.
Favorinus was born in Tyrväntö, Tavastia to a farmer family. They studied priest and served in military, until they returned to Finland and became vicar.
Favorinus took part in Finnish Bible translation of 1642 editions.
Early career
Favorius was born in Siukola house, Suotaala, Tyrväntö in the 1590s, close to year 1600. Their father was farmer Matti Niilonpoika (Matts Nilsson in Swedish sources). Favorinus studied in Turku Cathedral School.
Jacob De la Gardie called them to work as regiment pastor in Riga in 1624. Depending on sources, they served in military for four years, or returned in Finland already in the following year with regiment of Nils Assersson Mannersköld and followed Paulus Johannis Paulinus as interim vicar of Hattula during years 1625–1627. Favorinus worked as chaplain in the Turku Cathedral Finnish-speaking parish in 1628–1632. In 1633 they became vicar of Piikkiö; they were possibly appointed formally already in 1631.
Bible translation
Favorinus was called to participate in Aeschillus Petraeus's Bible translation committee in April 1638. Their versatile knowledge of Finnish language was valued, as the objective was to write Bible in "pure and universally understandable Finnish". The other members were professor Martinus Stodius and Masku provost Henrik Hoffman. Presumably Tavastian-born Favorinus diversified the language among Stodius and Hoffman, who were from Finland Proper. Each member of committee translated certain parts, which were reviewed in meetings. It is not known who translated what. The Old Testament was finished in 1640, after which it was printed in Stockholm. The New Testament followed in 1641 and the project was completed in the following year; "the most humble subjects" Petraeus, Hoffman, Strodius and Favorinus dedicated their foreword to queen Christina dated on 20 July 1642.
Each member of committee were granted by 30 unbound copies of Bible and tax reliefs; in case of Favorinus the latter one meant tax exemption to their property in Saari village in Paimio. Moreover, they got 100 silver thalers for travel expenses and they were appointed provost.
Other work
Favorinus took part in opening of Royal Academy of Turku in 1640. After the Bible translation project, Favorinus and Stodius helped Petraeus at writing Finnish grammar book which was issued in 1649. Favorinus's dissertation was dedicated in Turku on 24 November 1649. They translated Johan Avenarius's prayer book, which was, however, not published due to lack of funds.
Late years
Favorinus was appointed vicar and land provost of Hattula in 1651. Besides the church's work, they had to resolve disputes between nobility and clergy in Janakkala. Some records of Favorinus's visitations in Janakkala, Loppi, Sahalahti and Vanaja parishes in spring and autumn 1659 have survived.
Favorinus died in spring 1660; they are mentioned deceased on a document dated on 25 May 1660.
Family
Favorinus was married twice. Their first wife was Aliza Jakobsdotter was mentioned in 1634; they were in their second marriage. The second wife was Brita, whose background is unknown; they lived as widow after Favorinus died. Favorinus had two sons: Johan (1633–1672) worked as vicar in Hämeenkyrö and Erik (died 1712) was vicar of Loppi.
Sources
17th-century Finnish Lutheran clergy
Translators of the Bible into Finnish
Finnish translators
The 2009 Yambol bus crash occurred on 28 May 2009 near the city of Yambol in southeastern Bulgaria. Eighteen people died, and around twenty were injured. The driver was among the wounded, and died in prison during their ten-year sentence.
Crash
The victims had been walking up the Bakadzhik peak to attend a traditional Ascension Day (Spasovden) feast and fair held on the summit. Around 9:15 AM local time the bus, a Chavdar 11M4 operated by the Yambol transport company MCI Slavi Slavov, crashed into a group of pedestrians while descending from a tour to the Alexander Nevsky Memorial Church located at the summit
Although the bus had been declared roadworthy on 12 May, some speculate that the cause for the accident may have been brake failure. Other factors that contributed to the tragedy were the narrow road, the high speed and the damp asphalt. The driver, 60-year-old Gospodin Gospodinov, was legally sober. They were seriously injured and treated at Pirogov Hospital in Sofia.
Most of the victims were over 60 years old, and one a 16-year-old boy. Thirteen dead were women and five were men; all were from Yambol or the nearby villages. Twenty people were injured, four initially in critical condition due to head trauma.
Reaction
29 May was declared a national day of mourning in Bulgaria. Political parties paused their European Parliament election campaigns for the next few days. The National Assembly of Bulgaria observed a minute of silence as the news broke out. President Georgi Parvanov and Prime Minister Sergei Stanishev changed their schedules and visited the scene of the accident, their offices said.
Investigation
Post-crash inspection revealed that the bus had numerous technical deficiencies. Its brakes provided only 23% brake force; nails, wire, and a coin were found to have been used to carry out repairs on the bus.
In 2012, bus driver Gospodin Gospodinov and bus owner Slavi Slavov were each sentenced to ten years in prison. Gospodinov died there a few months later, while Slavov absconded until their January 2018 capture. The workshop that declared the bus roadworthy did not face any legal consequences.
See also
2021 Bulgaria bus crash
References
External links
Video PRO TV (Romanian)
Location of the accident on Google Maps
2009 in Bulgaria
2009 road incidents
Bus incidents in Bulgaria
May 2009 events in Europe
2009
Stojan Stojkov, born 1941 Podaresh, Radovish, is a Macedonian composer and pedagogue. They completed their education on music at Belgrade Music Academy, where they graduated on the Department of Composition. Stojkov is author of numerous works of almost all genres and forms of music. Their creative opus includes symphonies, vocal-instrumental, vocal, and staged works, chamber compositions, works for children and other kinds of music creative works.
Work
The essence of the Macedonian music folklore is the basis of their creative preoccupation. They transfer the folklore into an entirely new quality, at the same time giving it a new dimension of universality. Characteristic for their creative works is that they don't use just any folklore idiom, but the one of the rustic singing, which offers enormous opportunities for specific harmonic treatments through multi-layer accord sounding and polyphonic conducting of the structure. Stojkov doesn't focus on one stylistic region.  They are in a continuous search for new sounds and soundings, which arouse from the way of using the selection of folk and classical instruments.
 They are member of several international organizations and forums, giving huge contribution to the development and the affirmation of the Macedonian music culture. Their compositions have been performed in over 20 countries, among which are all Balkan and European countries, USA, Canada, Russia and others, and everywhere they attracted particular interest. Famous domestic and foreign choruses have Stojkov's compositions on their permanent repertoire, and often won awards on international level. All this distinguishes them as one of the most productive and recognizable Macedonian composers, affirmed locally and internationally. Most of their creative works are published on sound carriers.
Professor Stojkov has won several awards and expert recommendations for their social and professional work, among which is the Macedonian highest state award "11 October". Today Stojan Stojkov is full-time professor on the Faculty of Music Art in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.
As a representative of the music life in Macedonia participates in various international projects, forums and organizations in Macedonia and abroad.
 They are typical neo-folklorist representative in Macedonia. Their works are directly inspired by native folklore music tradition being genuine sample of autochthonous transformation of folklore idiom in various formal structures as chamber, orchestral, and vocal music works. This unique composing style reflects in their active pedagogy activity.
Performances
Macedonia, Bulgaria, Albania, Greece, Turkey, Romania, Yugoslavia, Hungary, Croatia, USA, France, Germany, Italy, Sweden, Belgium, Canada, England and other countries.
Awards
"Pance Pesev" award for the composition "Mother Holy", 1985
For state and professional engagement the awards:
YRT composition "Suite for string orchestra"
"13th November" for the "Suite for string orchestra" and music achievements in 1987
Macedonian Republic Culture Association
Order for achievements with silver star
Orchestral music
Symphonic overture (1968),
Andante for chamber orchestra (1970),
Concert Music - for string orchestra and percussion (1975),
Concerto - for cello and orchestra (1983),
Symphonic Image (1985),
Suite - for string orchestra (1986)
I – suite for string orchestra, 1997
Enlightenment – for symphonic orchestra, 1999
Vocal - instrumental
Ad libidum I – for female choir and chamber orchestra on folk text, 1987
Ad libidum II – for female choir, two drums and four kavals, 1988
Cantata Mirror - for children, female and male choir, orchestra, narrators and vocal soloists (1991)
Young Goce, Young Vojvoda and Seni se, Goro – for choir, soloist and chamber orchestra on folk text, 1993
Rakatka – for mixed choir and big folk orchestra on folk text, 1996
Sumerian scripts – for two sopranos and string orchestra, on the poetry by Mihail Rendjov and Frederiko Garcia Llorka
Five music vignettes – for soprano, violin and piano, on the poetry by Mihail Rendjov, 1999
Three songs – for mezzo-soprano and symphonic orchestra
Voice and orchestra
- Letter - for mezzo-soprano and chamber orchestra (1974),
- Oath - suite for high voice, female choir, chamber orchestra and percussion 1974)
Cycle songs- for mezzo-soprano and symphonic orchestra (1984),
Holy Mother for voice, narrators, electronics and string orchestra on the text Zvonko Stojanovic and on folk text (1985)
Thoughts - for mezzo-soprano, /kaval/ Macedonian brass instrument, tambura /Macedonian string instrument/, tapan/ Macedonian percussion instrument/ piano, synthesizer
Chamber music
Composition for piano, 1961
Three miniatures for violin and piano, 1962
Suite for basson and piano (1962),
Suite for piano, 1962
Trio for bassoon, clarinet and piano (1963),
Nocturne for violin and piano (1963),
Intermezzo for piano (1963),
Rondo dramatico for clarinet and piano (1964),
Scherzo for piano, 1964
Variation for piano, 1964
Sonata for piano, 1965
String quartet (1967),
Sonata for oboe and piano (1974),
Prelude for flute and piano (1978),
Three Pieces for flute and piano (1979),
Pastoral suite for piano, 1979
Baroque suite for flute, viola da gamba and cembalo, 1980
Impression for double bass and piano (1981),
Composition No. 1 Pastorala for trombone and piano, 1980
Sonatinna for violin and piano, 1981
Elegy for double bass and piano, 1981
Baroque suite for double bass and piano, 1981
Introduction for flute and piano, 1981
Wind octet, 1985
Wind quintet (1985)
Sonata for piano No. 2, 1985
Composition for solo flute, 1988
Sonata for violoncello and piano, 1988 – 89
Sonata for flute and piano, 1989
Trio for oboe, clarinet and piano, 1996
Preludium and Coral for trumpet and organ, 1997
Choir
Mixed choir:
Madrigal – text I. Mensetic, (1963),
Karaorman (1963),
Flowers –text Slavko Janevski, (1973),
Farewell –text Koco Racin, (1973),
Eyes –text Aco Sopov, (1974),
My White-lake Mother Homeland-text Tome Bogdanovski, (1976),
A Hero Departed native text, (1977),
A farewell song –native text, (1984),
"A note" – text by Mihail Rendjov, 1987
"Hym for St. Kliment" – liturgical text
Female choir:
Rural suite –native text (1973),
Vocals (1979),
Dew Drops (1981),
St. Ilija Day Fire - text Tome Bogdanovski, (1984),
Festive Song (1986),
Triptych – text Ante Popovski, (1987),
Sonatina – text Gane Todorovski, (1987),
Ad libidum – native text, 1987
Farewell song (1991)
Diptych – native text, 1993
Children's choir:
The tenderness of happy tomorrow –text Aco Karamanov, (1973),
"Two rural songs" –text native, 1974
"May song" for children's choir and piano-text Gligor Popovski, (1977),
"Festive song about Mite and Stiv" for children's choir and mandolin orchestra, 1987
"This Country", 1989
Hymn for St. Kliment of Ohrid (1991)
Songs:
Birth –for soprano and piano (1963),
Sunset – for soprano and piano –text by Mateja Matevski (1970),
Roads - for deep voice and piano - text by Mateja Matevski (1971),
Preludium for high voice and piano (1974),
Nerezi for voice and piano (1986)
"And never", "Love" – for soprano and piano –text by Aco Karamanov
Mandolin orchestra
- "Nocturne" – 1980
- "Suite" – 1985
- "Spring flower", (to my daughter), 1986
- "The Prilep fight", 1988
- "Kales Angja", 1988
Music for scene
- "Spring tale" –musical for children for soloists, narrators, two children choirs, piano and orpharion instruments –text by Vanco Nikolevski, 1983
- "The Princess Drop" –music for children play by Video Podgorec, 1976
- "Sleep, my little one" and "Kitten" –text by Bistrica Mirkuloska, 1975
- "A song" –text by Stojan Tarapuza, 1976
- "When the armies sing" –text by Tome Bogdanovski
- "Butterfly" –text by Bistrica Mirkuleska, 1981
- "Breakfast" –text by Bistrica Mirkuleska, 1981
- "Our army" text by Rajko Jovcevski, 1981
- "Lullaby" text by Bistrica Mirkuleska, 1981
Children songs
- "Little star" –text by Nenad Dzambazov, 1971
- "Little bee" –text by Tome Bogdanovski, 1972
Squirrel–text by Tome Bogdanovski (1973),
"Sleep, my little one" and "Kitten" –text by Bistrica Mirkuloska, 1975
"Song" –text by Stojan Tarapuza, 1976
"When Lice sing" –text by Tome Bogdanovski, 1977
"Butterfly" and "Breakfast" –text by Bistrica Mirkuleska, 1981
- "Our army" text by Rajko Jovcevski, 1981
- "Lullaby" text by Bistrica Mirkuleska, 1981
References
Living people
1941 births
Macedonian composers
Male composers
This is a timeline of incidents in 1990 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1990
1990
1990
Terr
Molly Chacko (born 15 May 1969) is an Indian middle distance runner from Kerala. They hold the current 3000 metres National record of 9:06.42 set on 10 October 1994 during the Hiroshima Asian Games. Molly is also a former National record holder in the 1500 metres. They set the 1500 m record in 1994 with a run of 4:12.01. This record was later broken by Sunita Rani in August 1999.
Molly is married to former Indian swimmer Sebastian Xavier and the couple is working with Southern Railways.
References
External links
All Athletics profile
Living people
1969 births
Malayali people
Sportswomen from Kerala
Indian female middle-distance runners
20th-century Indian women
20th-century Indian people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for India
Herbert "Herbie" Henry Wildman (September 6, 1912 – October 13, 1989) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 they were part of the American team which won the bronze medal. They played all four matches as goalkeeper.
Four years later at the 1936 Summer Olympics they were a member of the American team which was eliminated in the first round of the 1936 tournament. They played two matches as goalkeeper.
In 1983, they were inducted into the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1912 births
1989 deaths
American male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Water polo players at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in water polo
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Eva & Leon (French title: L'Echappée Belle) is a 2015 French drama film written and directed by Émilie Cherpitel.
The movie was a submission to the 82nd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film.
Plot
The movie is about a privileged woman and an orphaned boy who become friends.
Leon and their older brother, Arnaud, were abandoned in a park in Lyon.
They are seen as outcasts by a social worker, who considers both the brothers mentally ill and the only solution is sending them to a children's home.
With the help of two teachers, Leon and Arnaud are put in an English-language school run by a kind but rough-around-the-edges teacher called Isabelle (Nicole Delecroix).
Cast
Clotilde Hesme as Eva
Florian Lemaire as Léon
Peter Coyote as The father
Keziah Jones as John
Clotilde Courau as Lucie
Yannick Choirat as Simon
Idit Cebula as Madame Agostini
Grégoire Bonnet as a psychiatrist
Joséphine de La Baume as Simone
Christophe Dimitri Réveille as Jérôme
Frédéric Beigbeder as Richard
David Serero as the Italian Crooner
References
External links
2015 films
2015 drama films
2010s French-language films
French drama films
2015 directorial debut films
2010s French films
Rancho Soquel was a Mexican land grant in present-day Santa Cruz County, California given in 1833 by Governor José Figueroa to María Martina Castro y Amador. In 1844, Martina Castro was granted by Governor José Figueroa a further grant known as the Soquel Augmentation. The Rancho Soquel grant along Monterey Bay includes present-day Soquel and Capitola. Rancho Aptos of their brother Rafael Castro formed the south boundary of the grant. The much-larger Soquel Augmentation grant lay inland from both of these, and comprised mainly mountain watershed land.
History
María Martina Castro y Amador (1807–1890), was born in Villa de Branciforte, daughter of José Joaquín Castro (1768–1838), grantee of Rancho San Andrés. Martina married Simon Cota, a soldier stationed at Monterey, in 1824. When Simon died six years later, in 1830, Martina became a widow with four children. Martina married Irishman Michael Lodge (1797–1849) in 1831, and they were granted the half square league Rancho Soquel in 1833.
With Lodge's encouragement, Martina applied for a much larger grant of forested mountain land, inland from the earlier Soquel and Aptos grants. The huge area included the eastern side of the Soquel Creek watershed, most of the Aptos Creek watershed, Trout Gulch and much of Valencia Creek. The grant was approved in 1844 by governor Manuel Micheltorena. Lodge recognized the value of timber resources on the new lands, and contracted John Hames and John Daubenbiss to build a sawmill. Parts of the grant are now The Forest of Nisene Marks State Park, and the Soquel Demonstration State Forest.
In 1848, Michael Lodge and Martina joined the California Gold Rush. Martina returned after three of their children died, but Lodge never returned and was presumed murdered. In 1849, Martina, at 42, married Louis Depeaux, a man 16 years younger than they are. Soon afterward, Depeaux left. A daughter, Carmelita (Carmel) Castro Lodge (1827–1923) married Thomas Fallon in 1849.
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, a claim was filed for the Soquel grant with the Public Land Commission in 1852, and the grant was patented to Martina Castro in 1860. A claim for the Soquel Augmentation grant was filed with the Land Commission in 1853, and the grant was patented to Martina Castro in 1860.
In Depeaux's absence, Martina gave each of their remaining eight children an undivided one-ninth of the Rancho Soquel grant. In 1856, with the onset of mental instability, Martina sold their remaining land and spent their last years with their daughter Guadalupe in Capitola until their death in 1890. Much of the rancho land was sold to Frederick A. Hihn in the 1860s, including much of the redwood forest area and the beach-side area that became Capitola.
References
External links
The Martina Castro Lodge Family. Oral history with Martina's granddaughter, Carrie Lodge, conducted in 1965
California ranchos
Ranchos of Santa Cruz County, California
1833 establishments in Alta California
1833 in Alta California
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1991 season.
Overview
It was contested by 20 teams, and Forums Skonto won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Robert Cantwell (c. 1793–1859) was a British architect. They laid out the Norland Estate in Holland Park (north of Holland Park Avenue), where they also designed Royal Crescent. On Holland Park Avenue, they designed terraced houses at Nos. 2–6, and No. 10.
References
1790s births
1859 deaths
People from Marylebone
19th-century English architects
Architects from London
Küçükalan is a village in the Çavdır district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Çavdır District
Grundy County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 50,063. Its county seat is Morris.
Grundy County is part of the Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area.
In 2010, the center of population of Illinois was in Grundy County, just northeast of the village of Mazon.
Illinois's state fossil, the unique and bizarre Tully Monster, was first found in Mazon Creek. Grundy County is home to Dresden Generating Station—the first privately financed nuclear power plant built in the United States—and the Morris Operation—the only de facto high-level radioactive waste storage site in the United States.
History
Grundy County was established on February 17, 1841. It was formed out of LaSalle County and named after U.S. Attorney General Felix Grundy (1777–1840). The county was well known for its coal mines and attracted miners from Pennsylvania and other regions to work its deposits.
In 1883 the Diamond Mine Disaster occurred in Grundy County. The disaster took the lives of 69 men and boys who were trapped underground when water broke through into the mine after days of heavy rain and the pumps could not keep up with the rising water. 22 bodies were eventually recovered, the remaining 44 were left in the mine and the mine was sealed. Today a marker stands near where it was believed the majority of victims were entombed. See 1883 Diamond Mine Disaster.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.9%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Morris have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Major highways
Adjacent counties
Kendall (north)
Will (east)
Kankakee (southeast)
Livingston (south)
LaSalle (west)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 50,063 people, 18,546 households, and 13,431 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 19,996 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.7% white, 1.2% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 2.7% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 8.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.3% were German, 23.0% were Irish, 12.7% were Italian, 9.4% were Polish, 8.6% were English, 7.1% were Norwegian, and 3.0% were American.
Of the 18,546 households, 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.8% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.6% were non-families, and 22.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.16. The median age was 36.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $64,297 and the median income for a family was $75,000. Males had a median income of $58,491 versus $36,592 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,895. About 5.2% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.0% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Morris
Villages
Braceville
Carbon Hill
Channahon (part)
Coal City (part)
Diamond (part)
Dwight (part)
East Brooklyn
Gardner
Godley (part)
Kinsman
Mazon
Minooka (mostly)
Seneca (part)
South Wilmington
Verona
Townships
Grundy County is divided into seventeen townships:
Aux Sable
Braceville
Erienna
Felix
Garfield
Goodfarm
Goose Lake
Greenfield
Highland
Maine
Mazon
Morris
Nettle Creek
Norman
Saratoga
Vienna
Wauponsee
Unincorporated communities
Mazonia
Paytonville
Nettle Creek
Wauponsee
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grundy County, Illinois
References
External links
Grundy County website
Grundy County Jobs
Illinois counties
1841 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1841
Chicago metropolitan area
Ritva Koistinen (born 1956) is a kantele artist and the founder of soloist kantele education at Sibelius Academy (Classical music department). They have been teaching there since 1987, as the Lecturer of Kantele Music from 1995, and during this time they have educated the young generation of Kantele musicians in Finland.
Koistinen started performing already in their childhood, and since the 1980s they have been giving concerts as a soloist both in Finland and abroad, e.g. in the USA, UK, Sweden, Norway, Estonia, Germany, France, Spain, Israel, Canada, and Russia. They have co-operated with several composers and given the first performances of numerous contemporary pieces, among them several chamber music works as well as Kantele Concertos by Pekka Jalkanen and Pehr Henrik Nordgren which they performed with the Ostrobothnian Chamber Orchestra and Sinfonia Lahti. Among the most notable recent collaborations is the one with Kronos Quartet that led to the concerts in Scotland and the USA. In 2010 Ritva Koistinen became the second kantele artist to perform at Carnegie Hall after Ulla Katajavuori.
Recordings
Ritva Koistinen has recorded three solo CDs:
"The New Finnish Kantele" (1993)
"From the Eastern Lands" (1998)
"Hiljaisin Hetkin" (2010)
In 2007, Tamara Bernstein wrote after a concert in Toronto in a review in “globeandmail.com”: “Finland's Ritva Koistinen gave magical performances of music by Rehnqvist and Pekka Jalkanen on the Finnish Kantele – a small Psaltery that in Koistinen's hands conjured pure enchantment, from top notes that glittered like cold starlight to bass notes that throbbed with the pulse of an ancient forest.”
References
Kantele players
1956 births
Living people
The Blackwing Sweden Blackwing is a Swedish ultralight and light-sport aircraft designed and produced by Blackwing Sweden of Lund, introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen show in 2015. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or complete and ready-to-fly.
Design and development
The Blackwing is the result of a research project commenced in the 1990s, culminating in wind tunnel tests and a 350-hour prototype flight test program. It was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules with a version at a gross weight of and US light-sport aircraft rules with a version with a gross weight of .
The design features a cantilever low-wing, an enclosed cockpit with two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration under a bubble canopy, fixed or optionally retractable tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from pre-preg carbon fibre built on a foam core. Its span wing has an area of and flaps. Standard engines available are the Rotax 912ULS and 912iS, although engines up to can be installed.
The cabin width for all models is .
As of January 2017, the design does not appear on the Federal Aviation Administration's list of approved special light-sport aircraft.
Operational history
Reviewer Marino Boric described the design in a 2015 review as "a sleek speedster".
Variants
Blackwing 600 RG
Model with gross weight for the European microlight category, retractable landing gear and a cruise speed of .
Blackwing 600 FG
Model with gross weight for the European microlight category, fixed landing gear and a cruise speed of .
Blackwing Edge
Kit-built aerobatic model with gross weight for the LSA category, retractable landing gear and a maximum level TAS of .
Blackwing 600 FG
Model with gross weight for the European microlight category, fixed landing
Specifications (Blackwing 600 RG)
References
External links
Blackwing
2010s Swedish ultralight aircraft
Light-sport aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Luciano Orlando (13 May 1887, Caronia, Messina – 21 August 1915, Isonzo) was an Italian mathematician and military engineer.
Biography
Orlando received in 1903 their laurea from the University of Messina, where they were a student of Bagnera and Marcolongo. After a year of graduate study at the University of Pisa, they became an assistant and libero docente at the University of Messina. After the 1908 Messina earthquake, they moved to Rome, where they taught at the Istituto superiore di Magistero and at the Aeronautical School of Engineering of the Sapienza University of Rome.
They took part in some university competitions but was unsuccessful and when, in 1915, they went into military action, some of their friends warned them that they thought their courage might quickly lead to their death. They died as Captain of Military Engineers, leading an action of their company of demolition specialists against the bridge of St. Daniel near Tolmin. (Half of the entire Italian WW I casualties occurred in the Battles of the Isonzo.)
They were an Invited Speaker of the ICM in 1908 in Rome.
Orlando's most important publications deal with mathematical physics, especially the theory of elasticity and the theory of integral equations. They were one of the first to recognize the importance of Pincherle-Goursat kernels, which are an important special case of Fredholm kernels. Also noteworthy is some of Orlando's algebraic research, inspired by their teacher Bagnera.
They were the father of the journalist, writer and politician Ruggero Orlando.
Selected publications
"Sulla deformazione di un triedro trirettangolo e di una lastra indefinita, elastici, isotropi." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 17, no. 2 (1903): 335–352.
Relazione fra i minori d'ordine p d'una matrice quadrata di caratteristica p. Giornale di matematiche di Battaglini 40 (1902): 233–245.
"Sulla riduzione delle quadriche a forma canonica Giornale di matematiche di Battaglini 41 (1903): 222–224.
"Sulla sviluppo della funzione (1–z) exp(z + (z2)/2 + ... + (zp–1)/(p–1)) Giornale di matematiche di Battaglini 41 (1903): 377–378.
"Sulla funzione nma di Green per la sfera". Giornale di matematiche di Battaglini 42 (1904): 292–296.
"Sulla deformazione del suolo elastico isotropo." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 18, no. 1 (1904): 311–317.
"Sopra alcune funzioni analoghe alla funzione di green per un parallelepipedo rettangolo." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 19, no. 1 (1905): 62–65.
"Sulla deformazione di un solido isotropo limitato da due piani paralleli, per tensioni superficiali date." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 19, no. 1 (1905): 66–77.
"Sull'integrazione della Δ4 in un parallelepipedo rettangolo." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 21, no. 1 (1906): 316–318.
"Nuove osservazioni sulla formula integrale di Fourier." Rendiconti Accademia Lincei (5) vol. 18 (1909): 343–348.
"Sulla risoluzione delle equazioni integrali." Tip. della R. Accad. dei Lincei, 1909.
"Sopra alcuni problemi di aerodinamica." Il Nuovo Cimento (1901–1910) 20, no. 1 (1910): 46–51.
"Sopra un brevetto crocco relativo all'attacco delle ali di un aeroplano." Il Nuovo Cimento (1901–1910) 20, no. 1 (1910): 52–57.
"Effetto dell'attacco elastico sul rollio d'un aeroplano." Il Nuovo Cimento (1901-1910) 20, no. 1 (1910): 58–63.
"Modo d'intensifigare gli effetti dell'attacco elastico in un aeroplano." Il Nuovo Cimento (1901–1910) 20, no. 1 (1910): 69–73.
"Sulla caratteristica del risultante di Sylvester." Rendiconti Accademia Lincei (5) vol. 19 (1910): 257–269.
"Nuove osservazioni sul problema di Hurwitz." Rendiconti Accademia Lincei (5) vol. 19 (1910): 317–321.
"Sull'equazione alle semisomme e sul teorema di Hurwitz." Rendiconti Accademia Lincei (5) vol. 19 (1910): 390–393.
"Sopra alcune questioni relative al problema di Hurwitz." Rendiconti Accademia Lincei (5) vol. 19 (1910): 430–434.
"Sulla dimonstrazione elementare del teorema di Hurwitz." Rendiconti Accademia Lincei (5) vol. 20 (1911): 742–745.
"Sul problema di Hurwitz relativo alle parti reali delle radici di un'equazione algebrica." Mathematische Annalen 71, no. 2 (1911): 233–245.
References
Italian mathematicians
Italian military personnel killed in World War I
University of Messina alumni
Sapienza University of Rome faculty
1887 births
1915 deaths
Mathematicians from Sicily
Cyril Searle (12 May 1921 – February 2005) was an English cricketer. They were a wicket-keeper who played for Essex. They were born in Battersea and died in Wandsworth.
Searle made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Cambridge University in 1947. In the only innings in which they batted, they scored 5 not out. They took one catch and one stumping.
External links
Cyril Searle at Cricket Archive
1921 births
2005 deaths
English cricketers
Essex cricketers
Thomas London may refer to:
Tom London (1889–1963), American actor
Tom London (magician) (born 1991), close-up magician and radio personality
See also
Thomas Becket, otherwise known as Thomas of London
2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa is the official video game for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, published by EA Sports and available on iOS and all major seventh-generation platforms except the Nintendo DS. Announced in January 2010 during an interview with one of the producers of the game, it was released 27 April 2010 in North America. 199 of the 204 teams that took part in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification are included in the game.
Gameplay
Players choose a team from the 199 nations available and compete against the computer or against other players through online gaming services PlayStation Network or Xbox Live. All 10 official World Cup stadiums are available for play.
EA has announced that there will be gameplay improvements over FIFA 10, such as a higher rate of player fatigue for matches at higher altitudes, with an advantage to a home team who plays at a higher altitude against an away team who does not. EA has also announced that players can get injured outside international matches.
EA has also announced that the "Captain Your Country" mode will return, similar to the "Be a Pro" mode and that FIFA 10 owners can import their Virtual Pro for this purpose and then earn CYC Accomplishments and attribute boosts. The game's penalty kick mechanism has been changed for their outcome to better reflect the player's own composure. In addition, the game's online multiplayer lobby system has been limited to unranked head-to-head matches. As in 2006 FIFA World Cup, a "scenario" mode is included with 55 playable scenarios from past World Cup matches. Scenarios from the 2010 World Cup are also playable with an online update.
The Wii version of the game features more stylised graphics and utilises a nuanced physics system to allow for more casual, arcade-style gameplay. This version supports multiple control schemes, including the Classic Controller. Exclusively in this version, players are required to use quick-time events to save free kicks or penalty shots, or to win possession of the ball after goal kicks and corner kicks. It is also possible for multiple players to take control of one team in that version.
The game includes Clive Tyldesley and Andy Townsend as the commentators, who provide insight into both sides during matches.
Teams and venues
The included teams were confirmed by Electronic Arts on 17 February 2010. The game contains 199 of the 204 national teams that took part in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification phase. Electronic Arts stated that they have included every team that FIFA have permitted them to use, with some others not being allowed for "various reasons". The five teams that were in the draw for World Cup qualifying but are not included in the game are the Central African Republic, Eritrea and São Tomé and Príncipe from Africa and Asian teams Bhutan and Guam. All five withdrew from the qualifying stage before it began. Additionally, the game does not feature Brunei, Laos, Papua New Guinea and the Philippines, who did not participate in World Cup qualification.
The game includes all 10 venues used at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, as well as stadiums from each qualifying region and a range of "generic" stadiums.
Background
Development
2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa was in development for 12 months, and had two separate teams working on it: gameplay team and core team. The gameplay team was led by Gary Patterson, the creative director for FIFA games. Meanwhile, the core team designed the game modes and audio/visual presentation, among other things. EA Sports wanted to shape World Cup in a way that it would be able to match FIFA 10. They decided to release it as a standalone game, rather than downloadable content, citing the size, scope and the uniqueness of the covered event.
Because the game focused on a single event, EA Sports was trying to secure a complete authenticity by working with FIFA and the host nation. Several members went to South Africa and recorded the vuvuzela noise during actual football games, in order to capture the atmosphere over there. Adding to the variety, each nation got its own fully rendered crowd in-game. The developers were also influenced by African themes in other areas, such as the soundtrack and menus.
Release
The game was announced on 26 January 2010, in a GameSpot interview with the line producer of the game, Simon Humber, with a slated release date for 27 April 2010 in North America, and 30 April 2010, in Asia and Europe.
A playable demo was released for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on 8 April 2010. It includes Italy and Spain as the playable teams, and the ability to upload video replays to EA Football World.
Soundtrack
The 2010 FIFA World Cup soundtrack comprises 28 tracks by artists from 21 countries. According to Electronic Arts it is intended to be a soundtrack that "celebrates the cultural vibrancy of the first FIFA World Cup to be held in Africa". The headline track is "Wavin' Flag (Coca-Cola Celebration Mix)" by K'naan.
Reception
The game was met with positive to mixed reception. GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 83.43% and 83 out of 100 for the Xbox 360 version; 82.82% and 82 out of 100 for the PlayStation 3 version; 71.50% and 69 out of 100 for the PSP version; 69% and 70 out of 100 for the Wii version; and 62.50% for the iOS version.
Sales
As of May 2010, the game sold nearly 2 million units worldwide.
Legacy
As of 2022, the game is generally considered to be the best of the modern EA Sports FIFA World Cup video games.
References
External links
Official website
Video game
2010 video games
EA Sports games
Electronic Arts games
World Cup 2010
FIFA World Cup video games
IOS games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Portable games
Video games developed in Canada
Video games set in 2010
Video games set in South Africa
Wii games
Wii Wi-Fi games
Xbox 360 games
Batrachedra epimyxa is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in India.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Matthias Shepler (November 11, 1790 – April 7, 1863) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1837 to 1839
Early life and career
Born in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, Shepler received a limited schooling.
They served in the War of 1812.
They moved to Ohio in April 1818 and settled in Bethlehem Township, Stark County, Ohio.
They engaged in agricultural pursuits.
They were in the Justice of the Peace for thirty years.
County commissioner for two terms.
They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1829.
They served in the Ohio Senate in 1832.
Congress
Shepler was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1837 – March 3, 1839).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Revisal and Unfinished Business (Twenty-fifth Congress).
Death
They declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1838.
They moved to Navarre, Ohio, in 1860, where they died April 7, 1863.
They were interred in Shepler Church Cemetery, near Navarre.
Family life
Shepler was married three times, first in 1816. They had seven children. They were a member of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ.
References
Sources
1790 births
1863 deaths
County commissioners in Ohio
People from Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
People from Navarre, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
American military personnel of the War of 1812
American United Brethren in Christ
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
They are traditional winter hunters of the Tōhoku region of northern Japan, most famously today in the Ani area in Akita Prefecture, which is known for the Akita dogs. Afterwards, it spread to the Shirakami-Sanchi forest between Akita and Aomori, and other areas of Japan. Documented as a specialised group from the medieval period onwards, the Matagi continue to hunt deer and bear in the present day, and their culture has much in common with the bear worship of the Ainu people.
With the introduction of modern firearms in the 19th century, and the rise of domestic rifle manufacture beginning with the Murata rifle, the need for group hunting for bear has diminished, leading to a decline in Matagi culture.
Matagi hamlets are found in the districts of Nishitsugaru and Nakatsugaru (Aomori Prefecture), Kitaakita and Senboku (Akita Prefecture), Waga (Iwate Prefecture), Nishiokitama and Tsuruoka (Yamagata Prefecture), Murakami and Nakauonuma (Niigata Prefecture and Nagano Prefecture).
Etymology and language
Specialised Matagi hunting vocabulary contains a number of Ainu language words. The word "matagi" itself may be Ainu, from or , meaning "man of winter" or "hunter".
Ethnic origin
According to Lee and Hasegawa, the Matagi are the historical descendants of Ainu-speaking hunters and fishermen who migrated down from Hokkaido into parts of Honshu. They also contributed several Ainu derived toponyms and loanwords, related to geography and certain forest and water animals which they hunted, to the local Japonic-speaking people.
Hunting practices
Spirituality
The Matagi have a unique culture that centers around their belief in mountain gods and distinct law. For them, hunting is a way of life, and not a form of sport. The animals hunted are perceived as gifts from the mountain gods, and the Matagi have a certain way to butcher and prepare the animal. After the animal is killed, it is praised, and the spirit comforted. Then, to recompense for the loss of life, everything, from the fur to the internal organs, is used. Emphasis is put on the act of taking an animal's life through ceremony and reflection, which is then passed along to future generations of Matagi.
Present-day Matagi
The Matagi live in small hamlets of the mountain beech forests of Tōhoku and engage in agriculture during the planting and harvest season. In the winter and early spring, they form hunting bands that spend weeks at a time in the forest.
In the modern day, some Matagi have come into conflict with environmental activists, due to concerns over deforestation and the depletion of certain animal species. The Matagi no longer hunt the Japanese serow, which is protected, but continue to hunt bear by special license.
Literary references
Matagi are referenced and described in the biographical novel Dog Man: An Uncommon Life on a Faraway Mountain by Martha Sherrill, alongside descriptions of a real modern day Matagi named Uesugi, who was a friend of the main characters who helped preserve the Akita breed of dog, which they used extensively for hunting.
Matagi figure as primary characters in the novel, The Girl with the Face of the Moon by Ellis Amdur.
In the manga series Golden Kamuy a Matagi hunter named Tanigaki Genjirou is prominently featured, as well as Ainu culture in general.
Notes
References
External links
Visit Shirakami
Society of Japan
Obsolete occupations
Japan
Hunters
Ainu culture
Lake Kampeska is a inland glacial lake in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is located west-northwest of Watertown, South Dakota and lies entirely within Codington County and the Coteau des Prairies. The lake is naturally shaped and the most urban developed lake in South Dakota with approximately of residential shoreline. Lake Kampeska is connected to the Big Sioux River through a single inlet-outlet channel located on the northeast side. It is the third largest natural lake within the borders of South Dakota.
Lake Kampeska is well-known for its depictions in art from wildlife and nature artists such as Terry Redlin, John Greene, John Wilson, and Joshua Spies. Lake Kampeska is perhaps featured most prominently in the artworks of Terry Redlin and are displayed in the Redlin Art Center nearby in Watertown, South Dakota.It is located in the north near the grainery.
History
It is known in the expressive language of the Dakotas as Lake Kampeska, signifying the "Lake of the Shining Shells."
Famous pathfinder John C. Fremont and scientist Joseph Nicollet explored this region of Dakota Territory approximately in May or June 1838. In their undated notes they described the area as the "lake country of the coteau prairie." Some of their findings appear to be second hand accounts of the area. However, the expedition failed to include some of the lakes of the area on their map including, Kampeska.
Lake Kampeska's settlement predates Watertown and statehood of South Dakota. Initially founded as Kampeska City, modern-day Codington County's borders were drawn in such a way that Lake Kampeska would be at the geographical epicenter of the county. Chicago and Northwestern Railroad operated near Lake Kampeska beginning in 1873.
Codington, a Congregational clergyman, carved out the geographical location for the purpose of making the area a county-seat town. Kampeska City was the county-seat of Lake Kampeska County, until July 19, 1878, when a vote of the people removed the county-seat to Watertown after the railroad reactivated a line through that area. At the time of the vote, Watertown was not in fact a town.
Towards the end of the 1870s, the northern shore of Lake Kampeska was designated by Arthur C. Mellette and territorial officials to serve as the location of the Capitol Building. However, when Benjamin Harrison signed South Dakota into statehood, the designation was changed to the geographic center of the state.
The name Kampeska is not associated with founders of Watertown, the Kemp family.
Recreation
Lake Kampeska is a popular site for recreational activities including fishing, sail boating, biking, swimming, waterskiing, camping, and picnicking.
Public access to Lake Kampeska has locations on the north, east, south (State Recreation Area), and west shores of the lake. Lake Kampeska has one state park, Sandy Shores, one county owned park, Memorial Park, and two city owned parks, Jackson Park and Stokes-Thomas City Park.
Lake Kampeska also has 15 miles of bike trails that parallel it. Two golf courses also border the lake; Prairie Winds Golf Course to the south and Cattail Crossing Golf Course to the south-east.
Lake Kampeska is primarily managed as a Walleye and Smallmouth Bass fishery. Lake Kampeska contains black bullhead, black crappie, white crappie, bluegill, carp, channel catfish, smallmouth bass, white bass, northern pike, sunfish, rock bass, walleye, white sucker, yellow bullhead, and yellow perch.
Boating
Boats of all sizes and horsepowers may be legally launched on Lake Kampeska. There is a no-wake zone in Hidden Valley on the east side of the lake. Although there are some sailboat enthusiasts who recreate on the lake, motorboats are in the clear majority in regard to quantity.
The lake is also home to the Kampeska Yacht Club, which hosts the annual sail boating competition, the Kampeska Cup Regatta.
Environmental issues
Lake Kampeska briefly experienced problems with pollution from fertilizer and surface runoff until the 1990s. Although pollution remains an ongoing issue, conditions have improved and water quality is now closely monitored.
A weir installed on the inlet-outlet channel of Lake Kampeska is intended to slow the input of sediments to the lake basin. When the Big Sioux River is high, water enters Lake Kampeska. Conversely, when the water level in Lake Kampeska is higher than the Big Sioux River and above the weir, water exits Lake Kampeska through the v-notch.
The lake has experienced catastrophic flooding from rapid snow melts in recent years. In 1997, flooding of Lake Kampeska drew attention of the White House, sending then-U.S. Vice President Al Gore to visit the flooding.
In popular culture & art
Terry Redlin painted numerous artworks featuring landmarks of the area, such as Lake Kampeska Lodge, Sandy Shores, Memorial Park, and homes along the lake. Many of the paintings of the lake have received national interest, featured in Ducks Unlimited and on the cover of Farmer Magazine. Redlin fished on the lake since childhood and owned a home on Lake Kampeska until 2007. Among others, Neal Tapio, Nancy Turbak Berry, Fred H. Hildebrandt, Doron Jensen, and Arthur C. Mellette have previously maintained residences on the lake. Artists such as John Wilson, John Greene, and Joshua Spies have also used Lake Kampeska as inspiration for their respective artwork.
According to popular legend, the Lake Kampeska Monster, possibly a lake sturgeon existed in excess of . However, there have been no sightings since the 1880s.
See also
Watertown, South Dakota
Redlin Art Center
Geography of South Dakota
List of lakes in South Dakota
Big Sioux River
External links
Lake Kampeska Water Project District
References
Kampeska
Kampeska
The Club Mixes 2000 is a remix album by Frankie Goes To Hollywood. It was released in 2000 by Repertoire Records of Germany.
The album's track listing is made up almost exclusively of new remixes commissioned by ZTT in 2000 for the Maximum Joy hits compilation campaign.
Track listing
CD One
"Relax" (Club 69 Future Anthem Part I) - 11:27
"Welcome to the Pleasuredome" (Nalin & Kane Dub) - 11:18
"The Power of Love" (Rob Searle Club Mix) - 8:41
"Two Tribes" (Apollo Four Forty Remix) - 6:10
"Warriors of the Wasteland" (Paralyzer's Warriormix) - 5:20
"Welcome to the Pleasuredome" (Stripped Down Mix by Thomas Schumacher) - 7:07
"Relax" (Marc et Claude's Respect Remix) - 7:54
"Two Tribes" (Olav Basoski Tiberium Power Mix) - 9:45
"Rage Hard" (Kay Cee Remix) - 7:44
CD Two
"Welcome to the Pleasuredome" (Paralyzer's Pleasuremix) - 7:07
"Two Tribes" (Rob Searle Club Dub) - 8:29
"Maximum Joy" (DJ Rene Club Mix) - 9:50
"Welcome to the Pleasuredome" (Sander's Coming Home Remix) - 10:18
"Two Tribes" (Fluke Magimix) - 5:26
"Welcome to the Pleasuredome" (Sleaze Sisters' Remix) - 7:37
"The Power of Love" (Minky's Yaba Mix) - 8:13
References
External links
The Club Mixes 2000 at Discogs
Albums produced by Trevor Horn
Albums produced by Stephen Lipson
Frankie Goes to Hollywood albums
2000 remix albums
Repertoire Records remix albums
Pachypaederus is a genus of small beetles of the family Staphylinidae ("rove beetles").
Notes
References
ION – Pachypaederus
Nomenclator Zoologicus – Pachypaederus
Staphylinidae genera
Paederinae
This is a list of listed buildings in Kolding Municipality, Denmark.
The list
References
External links
Danish Agency of Culture
Kolding
Willian Thiego de Jesus (22 July 1986 – 28 November 2016), known as Willian Thiego or simply Thiego, was a Brazilian footballer who played as a centre back. They were one of the victims when LaMia Airlines Flight 2933 crashed on 28 November 2016.
Club career
Grêmio
Born in Aracaju, Sergipe, Thiego started their career at Sergipe's youth setup, and impressed enough to secure a move to Grêmio in 2006.
Initially assigned to the under-20s, Thiego was promoted to the first team the following year; known as Willian Thiego, they only used the last name due to the presence of Willian Magrão in the squad. They made their Série A debut during the campaign, contributing with 11 appearances.
On 14 June 2008 Thiego scored their top tier goal, a powerful close-range shot in a 3–0 away win against Goiás. They would subsequently appear regularly for the club, also representing the side in 2009 Copa Libertadores.
Thiego was sent on a one-year loan to Kyoto Sanga FC in January 2010. Upon returning, they subsequently served another temporary deal at Bahia before leaving the club.
Ceará / Figueirense
On 5 March 2012, Thiego was sold to Ceará. They immediately became a regular starter at the club, but was still released on 31 October.
On 16 January 2013, Thiego signed a one-year deal with Figueirense.
Khazar Lankaran
Following the expiration of their Figueirense contract, Thiego signed an 18-month contract with Khazar Lankaran of the Azerbaijan Premier League on 27 January 2014. They left Khazar Lankaran in December 2014, after having their contract cancelled by the club.
Chapecoense
In January 2015, Willian Thiego signed for Chapecoense. A backup to Rafael Lima during their first season, they became a regular starter during their second.
On 15 June 2016, Thiego scored a brace in a 3–3 home draw against former club Grêmio.
Death
On 28 November 2016, whilst at the service of Chapecoense, Thiego was among the fatalities of the LaMia Airlines Flight 2933 accident in the Colombian village of Cerro Gordo, La Unión, Antioquia.
Career statistics
Honours
Grêmio
Campeonato Gaúcho: 2007
Chapecoense
Copa Sudamericana: 2016 (posthumously)
References
External links
1986 births
2016 deaths
Association football defenders
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Club Sportivo Sergipe players
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Ceará Sporting Club players
Figueirense FC players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Khazar Lankaran FK players
J1 League players
Kyoto Sanga FC
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Footballers killed in the LaMia Flight 2933 crash
People from Aracaju
Sportspeople from Sergipe
Waxy skin is a cutaneous condition observed in roughly 50% of diabetic patients with longstanding disease.
See also
Diabetic dermadromes
Limited joint mobility
Skin lesion
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
This season was Ron McBride's last at Utah. The team won their first two games, before dropping six straight. At 2–6 with only three games remaining, the team was guaranteed a losing record and would be ineligible for bowl play. However, the team then won the final three games of the season, capped by a 13–6 home victory over their biggest rivals, the BYU Cougars, finishing the season with a 5–6 record.
Schedule
Roster
After the season
NFL draft
Three players went in the 2003 NFL Draft, including first rounder and future pro bowler Jordan Gross.
References
Utah
Utah Utes football seasons
Utah Utes football
The Dead Shall Dead Remain is the first album of the American death metal band Impaled.
Track listing
Introduction - 01:26
Fæces of Death - 04:10
Flesh & Blood - 03:16
Trocar - 05:31
Spirits of the Dead - 03:37
Immaculate Defecation - 03:13
Fæcal Rites - 03:49
Back to the Grave - 04:45
All That Rots - 03:51
Gorenography - 04:55
Blood Bath - 04:59
Untitled - 26:04
Impaled (band) albums
2000 albums
ICRR may refer to:
The Institute for Cosmic Ray Research of the University of Tokyo
The Illinois Central Railroad
The Inter-Capital and Regional Rail
Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg is a road in Delhi, India. It is named after Bahadur Shah Zafar who was the last Mughal emperor. This road is sometimes also referred to as the (Mountain grass) Fleet Street of India, due to the presence of the newspaper offices of The Times of India, The Economic Times, The Indian Express, The Financial Express, Business Standard, The Pioneer, Metro Now amongst several others.
This road connects ITO Crossing to Daryaganj. (map)
Institutions and sites on & around this road
Bureau of Indian Standards
Communist Party of India has its office off Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg
Comptroller and Auditor General of India
Arun Jaitley Stadium
Feroz Shah Kotla Fort
Feroz Shah Kotla, Delhi's fifth city, founded as Ferozabad by Feroz Shah
Jamiat Ulama-e-Hind
Khooni Darwaza
Maulana Azad Medical College
Shankar's International Dolls Museum
National Herald (Associated Journals)
University Grants Commission (India)
References
Roads in Delhi
Streets in Delhi
Synoicum adareanum is a species of sea squirt that inhabits the Antarctic sea floor around the Anvers Island archipelago. Within the species, a bacterium has been identified that is a member of a new and previously unstudied genus, Candidatus Synoicihabitans palmerolidicus.
Reference
Aplousobranchia
Let's Spin! is the title of the debut album by rock band The Swirling Eddies, released in 1988 on Alarma Records.
Although the true identities of the Swirling Eddies were later revealed, it remained a complete mystery for most people at the time of this album's release. Frontline Records helped to launch the Swirling Eddies debut release with a "Guess the Eddies" contest. Fliers and magazine advertisements were distributed that included clues as to the identities of the Eddies. Contest participants were able to submit their own lists of who they thought the Eddies might be.
Track listing
Side one
"Let's Spin!" - 4:12 (Words and music by Camarillo Eddy)
"Catch That Angel" - 4:19 (Words and music by Camarillo Eddy)
"The Unsuccessful Dutch Missionary" - 0:08 (Words and music by Camarillo Eddy)
"The Big Guns" - 4:35 (Words and music by Camarillo Eddy)
"Rodeo Drive" - 4:27 (Words and music by Camarillo Eddy)
"Ed Takes a Vacation (A Suite)" - 5:50 (Words by Camarillo Eddy, Music by Camarillo Eddy, Gene Pool, Berger Roy Al)
Side two
"Snowball" - 4:13 (Music by Camarillo Eddy, Gene Pool, Berger Roy Al, Hort Elvison)
"I've Got an Idea" - 4:10 (Words and music by Camarillo Eddy)
"Don't Ask Me How I Feel" - 6:27 (Words and music by Camarillo Eddy)
"Ed Again" - 0:35 (Music by Camarillo Eddy)
"What a World, What a World" - 5:05 (Words and music by Camarillo Eddy)
Personnel
Camarillo Eddy on guitars and vocals.
Gene Pool on lead guitars, keyboards.
Arthur Fhardy on keyboards.
Spot on guitars.
Berger Roy Al on bass guitar.
Hort Elvison on drums.
Additional musicians
Jany Macklebee: backing vocal and speaks "Snowball".
Buckeye Jazzbo: a horn.
Horns performed by the Horns O' Plenty under the direction of Buckeye Jazzbo.
Production notes
Engineered by Doug Doyle.
Mixed by Camarillo Eddy and Doug Doyle.
Recorded and Mixed at Asylomar Studios, Costa Mesa, California.
Art Direction and Design by Jeb McSwaggart.
References
1988 debut albums
The Swirling Eddies albums
Shercock ( ); ) is a small town situated in the east of County Cavan, Ireland. As of the 2016 census, the population of the town was 588.
Shercock is located at the intersection of the R162 and R178 regional roads. It sits on the shores of three lakes: Lough Sillan, Steepleton's Lake, and Muddy Lake. Lough Sillan is the largest of the three, covering approximately 162 hectares.
History
The town was founded in the early seventeenth century as a plantation village to accommodate mainly Presbyterian Scottish settlers who were planted in this part of County Cavan. Usually, these planters gave their new settlements English or Scottish names—the neighbouring towns are Kingscourt, Cootehill, and Bailieborough—but Shercock retained its Irish name. The modern Irish-language name is Searcoig or Searcóg.
Nearly all of the surrounding townlands have kept their Gaelic names. For example, the townland of Lecks, on the Kingscourt road on the outskirts of Shercock, has been so named for a thousand years because of the flat-slabbed rocky landscape (leac is the Irish word for a flagstone).
By the mid-nineteenth century, the village and immediate area had a population of about 5,000. However, the great famines and subsequent emigration affected the county of Cavan, reducing the population by 50% between 1841 and 1891.
There were less than 300 people residing in Shercock by 1910. Despite the small population, the town enjoyed the services of a railway station and post office, which had telegraph and money-order departments. Letters arrived daily from Dublin, Belfast, and England at 8.15 am and were dispatched every 5.15 pm. The telegraph office operated from 8 am to 8 pm. Wednesday was the market day around this time.
Industry
The region is known as "Drumlin Country" owing to its topography of small hills and lakes formed at the end of the last ice age. County Cavan borders County Fermanagh and County Monaghan. Together, they form the colloquially named "Drumlin County". Shercock lies on the border between County Cavan and County Monaghan.
The Shercock area's main industry for nearly 300 years was the growing of flax for linen-making. One townland just outside Shercock is named Miltown, after the flax mill which lies ruined at its center. The industry gradually died away with the decline of the linen industry in northern Ireland.
Nowadays the town has some light industry and a small number of tourists based mainly on water sports and angling. Lough Sillan, on the edge of the town, is a noted coarse fishing lake. Annaghieran lake is situated one mile from town, and populated with Roach and Bream.
One of the enterprises which brings employment to the town is Manor Farms and Carton Brothers Chicken factory, which employs over 800 people and sources chicken from some 160 local chicken farms.
Transport
Sillan Tours Limited provides daily bus connections from Shercock to Kingscourt, Navan and Dublin. Bus Éireann route 166 links Shercock to Cavan, Carrickmacross and Dundalk on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays only.
Arts
The annual Shercock Drama Festival usually takes place in March, with drama groups from around the country participating in the event. St Patrick's Hall serves as the venue. It celebrated its 25th year in 2012.
Sport
Shercock GFC, the local GAA club, play in the Cavan Senior Football Championship. In 2017, the club won the Tommy Gilroy Cup and, in the same year, received funding for the improvement of their dressing room and gym facilities.
People
The family of playwright Richard Brinsley Sheridan (The School for Scandal) had an estate in Shercock.
Patrick Kavanagh's 1948 novel Tarry Flynn is nominally set in the countryside around Shercock; although based on characters from their native Inniskeen.
The great-grandfather of U.S. Rep. John Murtha, also named John Murtha, was born in Shercock c. 1858. They moved to the United States in 1882.
Brendan McCahey - Voice of Ireland singer
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
Market Houses in Ireland
Ralaghan Man
References
Towns and villages in County Cavan
Civil parishes of County Cavan
Fish amok or amok trei ( ) is a Khmer steamed fish curry (amok) with a mousse-like consistency, one of Cambodia's national dishes. Fish amok is believed to have been a royal Khmer dish dating back to the Khmer Empire, although others question it originating in Cambodia.
Ingredients
Usually, goby fish, snakehead fish or catfish is used, however, they are also sometimes substituted with cod, snapper, barramundi, salmon, whiting, or perch. The fish fillets are rubbed with or marinated in a freshly-made yellow or green kroeung mixed with coconut cream or coconut milk and eggs. The curry mixture is placed in a banana leaf container with great morinda leaves at the bottom and steamed for around 20 to 30 minutes until the curry achieves a mousse-like consistency. Great morinda leaves can also be substituted with swiss chard leaves if not available.
Fish amok is served hot usually in either banana leaf containers or coconut shells and eaten with steamed rice.
Many restaurants in Cambodia also serve less traditional versions of amok with chicken, tofu, or beef instead of fish. Other deviations include the use of a store-bought herb paste, other types of kroeung, more liquid consistency and cooking instead of steaming.
See also
Ho mok pla, Thai variation of the dish
Mok pa, Lao variation of the dish
References
External links
Amok Trei/Fish Amok. 1 May 2021. Cambodianess.
Make Amok, Fish Curry Steamed In Banana Leaves. 25 April 2021. Munchies. Vice Media via YouTube
Rachel Gray. Everything you ever wanted to know about Cambodian fish amok. February 2019. Jetstar
Southeast Asian curries
Cambodian cuisine
Curry dishes
Fish dishes
Steamed foods
The 2020 United States presidential election in California was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. California voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate Kamala Harris, the junior senator from California. California had, in the 2020 election 55 electoral votes in the Electoral College, the most of any state. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered California a strongly Democratic state, or a safe blue state. It has voted Democratic in every presidential election from 1992 onward. California was one of six states where Trump received more percentage of the two-party vote than they did in 2016. This election also marked the first time since 2004 that the Republican candidate won more than one million votes in Los Angeles County, due to increased turnout statewide.
Biden carried California with 63.5% of the vote and a margin of 29.2% over Trump. Biden earned the highest percentage of the vote in the state for any candidate since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936, although Biden's margin of victory was slightly smaller than Hillary Clinton's 30.1% in 2016, making it one of just seven states in which Trump improved on their 2016 margin. Biden became the first candidate in any race for any office in U.S. history to win more than 10 million votes in a single state, while Trump also received the most votes a Republican has ever received in any state in any race since the country's founding, even narrowly besting their vote total in Texas, a state that they won. Biden's vote margin was the largest vote margin for a presidential candidate in a singular state.
Per exit polls by Edison Research, Biden dominated key Democratic constituencies in the state including Latinos with 75%, African Americans with 82%, Asian Americans with 76%, and union households with 63%. Post-election analysis by Cook Political Report showed Trump made inroads with some Asian American constituencies, particularly Vietnamese American voters in Orange County.
Biden flipped Butte County and Inyo County into the Democratic column, which had not voted Democratic since 2008 and 1964, respectively. Biden's victory in Orange County was only the second time a Democrat carried the county since 1936. In contrast, while they improved their total vote share by nearly three percentage points, Trump did not flip any counties and their main regions of strength came from Republican strongholds in Gold Country, Shasta Cascade, and parts of the Central Valley. California Secretary of State Alex Padilla certified the results on December 4, and took Harris's seat in the Senate upon their resignation to become Vice President, having been appointed by Governor Gavin Newsom.
California was one of five states in the nation in which Biden's victory margin was larger than 1 million raw votes, the others being New York, Maryland, Massachusetts and Illinois. Also, over 5 million of Biden's 7 million lead were Californian votes.
Primary elections
In a departure from previous election cycles, California held its primaries on Super Tuesday, March 3, 2020. Early voting began several weeks earlier.
Donald Trump secured the Republican nomination on March 17, 2020, defeating several longshot candidates, most notably former Massachusetts Governor Bill Weld. Kamala Harris, the state's junior U.S. senator, was among the Democratic candidates declared until they dropped out on December 3, 2019. Representative Eric Swalwell from the 15th district was also a Democratic candidate but dropped out of the race on July 8, 2019. Other prominent state figures, including former Governor Jerry Brown, current Governor Gavin Newsom, and Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti declined to run.
Republican primary
The Republican Party's primary campaign was dominated by a lawsuit over the President's taxes. The suit alleges that the new requirement for several years of a candidate's taxes was unconstitutional and onerous. The law was blocked in September 2019 while State Supreme court heard testimony and made a ruling.
As a contingency, the Republican state committee changed its delegate selection process, turning the primary into a mere "beauty contest" and setting up an emergency state convention to Trump's delegate choices. If Trump were allowed on the ballot, the convention would be canceled and the so-called "winner-take-most" rules, which require a challenger to get 20% of the vote, would apply.
Incumbent Trump was allowed on the ballot, and the contingency convention was canceled.
Democratic primary
Candidates began filing their paperwork on November 4, 2019, and the final list was announced on December 9.
Leading California Democrats complained that Joe Biden and Senator Elizabeth Warren were snubbing the state by refusing to attend a forum at the State's "endorsement convention". Early voting began on February 11 and ended the day before primary day.
Libertarian primary
The Libertarian Party of California permitted non-affiliated voters to vote in their presidential primary.
Green primary
American Independent primary
The American Independent Party permitted non-affiliated voters to vote in their presidential primary.
Peace and Freedom primary
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Tulsi Gabbard
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Michael Bloomberg
with Donald Trump and Amy Klobuchar
with Donald Trump and Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Tom Steyer
with Donald Trump and Deval Patrick
with Donald Trump and Andrew Yang
with Donald Trump and Cory Booker
with Donald Trump and Kamala Harris
with Donald Trump and Beto O'Rourke
with Donald Trump and Kirsten Gillibrand
with Donald Trump and Jerry Brown
with Donald Trump and Sherrod Brown
with Donald Trump and Eric Garcetti
with Donald Trump and Tom Hanks
with Donald Trump and Eric Holder
with Donald Trump and Mitch Landrieu
with Donald Trump and Michelle Obama
with Donald Trump and Oprah Winfrey
with Donald Trump and Mark Zuckerberg
with Mike Pence and Joe Biden
with Mike Pence and Michael Bloomberg
with Mike Pence and Pete Buttigieg
with Mike Pence and Bernie Sanders
with Mike Pence and Elizabeth Warren
with Nikki Haley and Joe Biden
with Nikki Haley and Pete Buttigieg
with Nikki Haley and Bernie Sanders
with Nikki Haley and Elizabeth Warren
with Mike Pence and Kamala Harris
with Mike Pence and Beto O'Rourke
with Nikki Haley and Kamala Harris
with Nikki Haley and Beto O'Rourke
Results
Biden won California with a smaller margin of victory than Hillary Clinton in 2016. Nevertheless, they performed well in most urban areas of the state. Biden is also the first candidate for any statewide race in American history to receive over ten million votes.
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Inyo (the largest municipality: Bishop)
Butte (the largest municipality: Chico)
By congressional district
Biden won 46 of the 53 congressional districts in California, including four that were flipped or held by Republicans in Congress.
See also
United States presidential elections in California
2020 California elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Green Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
Further reading
California
2020
Presidential
Axel Echeverria (born 19 March 1980) is a German politician for the Social Democratic Party of Germany and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Echeverria was born in 1980 in the West German town of Witten and was elected directly to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1980 births
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
People from Witten
The Panteón Francés de la Piedad ("French Cemetery of the Mercy") is a cemetery in Mexico City in which several notable people are interred. It is located in the southern section of the city, adjacent to the medical center, the Centro Medico Metro station, and the Colonia Buenos Aires neighborhood. Note that there is another "Panteón Francés" in the northwest section of the city, near Panteones metro station; not the same cemetery.
The cemetery has hundreds of lovely mortuary statues, but access to see them is restricted to family members; the property is securely fenced and the only entrance is guarded.
Notable burials
Coronel Pedro Amaro with their siblings. Brother of Gen. Joaquín Amaro Domínguez; Secretary of War, Military Reformer, Military Educational Reformer, Publisher
Ricardo Flores Magón – political activist during the Mexican Revolution
Mauricio Garcés – Prominent actor of the Mexican scene, which played a major role on the "galan" scenario, acting primarily in comedy.
Roberto Gómez Bolaños – renowned humorist more commonly known by their pseudonym Chespirito
Amalia Hernandez – leader of the Ballet Folklorico de Mexico.
Alfonso Ortiz Tirado – doctor and opera singer
José Revueltas – writer
Carmen Romero Rubio – wife of Porfirio Díaz and First Lady of Mexico
José Sulaimán – boxing official; president of the World Boxing Council
Miguel Zacarías – film director
María Félix - film actor and singer
References
External links
Cemeteries in Mexico City
The women's 4x400 metres relay event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 and 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Heats
23 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 63 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
References
4 x 400 metres relay
Relays at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Thymopsis nilenta is a species of lobster and the only species in the genus Thymopsis. It is found around the Falkland Islands and South Georgia at depths of . It reaches a total length of , of which the carapace makes up about . It is known from a total of four specimens collected from two localities.
References
True lobsters
Crustaceans of the Atlantic Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1974
Ronnachai Sayomchai (, born 14 September 1966) is a Thai retired footballer.  They are a former player of Thai Port F.C., and in 1998 they were the Thai League's top scorer with 23 goals for the season. This record for Thai league stands for 14 years until Teerasil Dangda broke it in 2012 with 25 goals. Ronnachai also played in Malaysia for Pahang FA.
Ronnachai was an international player with Thailand.
References
Ronnachai Sayomchai
Ronnachai Sayomchai
Living people
Ronnachai Sayomchai
Sri Pahang FC players
Gamba Osaka players
Footballers at the 1990 Asian Games
1966 births
Ronnachai Sayomchai
Ronnachai Sayomchai
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Thai expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Association football forwards
Competitors at the 1987 Southeast Asian Games
Ronnachai Sayomchai
Machynlleth Community Hospital () is a health facility in Heol Maengwyn, Machynlleth, Powys, Wales. It is managed by the Powys Teaching Health Board.
History
The facility has its origins in the Machynlleth Union Workhouse which opened in 1860. After serving as a Red Cross Hospital during the First World War, it was converted into a hospital for tuberculosis patients, re-opening as the King Edward VII Memorial Hospital in 1920. It joined the National Health Service as the Machynlleth Chest Hospital in 1948 and subsequently evolved to become a community hospital. An upgrade to the hospital costing £7.8 million and involving three new extensions is scheduled to complete in 2022.
References
Hospitals in Powys
Hospitals established in 1860
1860 establishments in Wales
Hospital buildings completed in 1860
NHS hospitals in Wales
Powys Teaching Health Board
Mauricio Alberto Ortega Ramírez (born October 22, 1980 in Salgar) is a Colombian professional road racing cyclist, who last rode for the .
Major results
2002
1st Time trial, Pan American Under-23 Road Championships
2003
1st Young rider classification Vuelta a Colombia
3rd Overall Vuelta a Guatemala
1st Stage 5
7th Overall Clásico RCN
2004
3rd Overall Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid
2006
1st Stage 4 Clásico RCN
2007
5th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
2008
2nd Overall Clásico RCN
1st Stage 5
3rd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
2009
1st Overall Clásico RCN
4th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
2011
1st Stage 4 Clásico RCN
2012
1st Mountains classification Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid
2013
3rd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stage 7
2014
4th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
6th Overall Vuelta a Guatemala
2015
1st Mountains classification Tour de Beauce
2nd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
2016
1st Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Mountains classification
1st Stages 6 (ITT) & 7
1st Mountains classification Tour of Qinghai Lake
3rd Overall Tour of China I
5th Overall Tour of Hainan
6th Overall Tour of Taihu Lake
7th Overall Tour of Fuzhou
2017
1st Mountains classification Tour of China I
2nd Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
1st Mountains classification
3rd Overall Tour of China II
6th Overall Tour de Taiwan
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Antioquia Department
Benito Raman (born 7 November 1994) is Belgian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Belgian club Anderlecht.
Career
Youth
At the age of 4 they started playing football at Cercle Melle. They stayed there for six months. In 2001, at a local tournament organised by KFC Semmerzake, Raman was named the best player of the tournament. This caught the attention from Gent.
Gent
After eight years playing in Gent's youth teams, Raman made their debut against Zulte Waregem, replacing Tim Smolders in the 91st minute. In February 2012, Raman chose to stay in Ghent, despite reported interest from Inter Milan, Aston Villa and Hoffenheim.
Standard Liège
On 27 July 2016, Raman signed a four-year deal with Standard Liège.
Fortuna Düsseldorf
On 31 August 2017, Raman was lent to Fortuna Düsseldorf until 2018.
In January 2018, the loan was extended by another season until summer 2019.
In March 2018, Fortuna Düsseldorf announced they had exercised the option to sign Raman permanently on a contract until 2022, for a fee of around €1.5 million.
Schalke 04
On 5 July 2019, Raman joined Schalke 04 on a five-year contract, for a fee of around €6.5 million.
International career
Raman was born in Belgium and is of Spanish descent.
They represented Belgium as a youth international at every age group from the under-17's to the under-21's.
On 9 September 2019, Raman made their debut for the senior Belgium national team, coming on as a 90th minute substitute against Scotland in a Euro 2020 qualifier that saw Belgium run out 4–0 winners at Hampden Park.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Gent
Belgian Pro League: 2014–15
Belgian Super Cup: 2015
Fortuna Düsseldorf
2. Bundesliga: 2017–18
References
External links
Belgium stats at Belgian FA
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Ghent
Belgian footballers
Association football forwards
Belgium international footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Belgium under-21 international footballers
Belgian people of Spanish descent
K.A.A. Gent players
Beerschot A.C. players
K.V. Kortrijk players
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
Standard Liège players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
FC Schalke 04 players
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
Belgian First Division A players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Mushung is a small black bean. It is commonly boiled and sold on snack carts in Afghanistan, particularly in towns where Hazaras have presence. It is served cold with salt and vinegar based chutneys.
Afghan cuisine
Of All the Things is the second studio album by Jazzanova, released in 2008. It features guest appearances from Phonte, Paul Randolph, Ben Westbeech, Thief, José James, Leon Ware, Dwele, Joe Dukie, Pedro Martins, Azymuth, and Bembé Segue.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
2008 albums
Jazzanova albums
Verve Records albums
Mariusz Sobczak (born 8 February 1982) is a Paralympic athlete from Poland. They have cerebral palsy and competes in T36 sprint and long jump events. Sobczak first represented Poland at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, entering the long jump and 100m sprint, but they failed to achieve a podium finish in either. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics they won a silver medal in the F36 long jump.
As well as their Paralympic success, Sobczak has also medaled at both World and European level, collecting six major international top three finishes.
References
1982 births
Living people
Paralympic athletes of Poland
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Poland
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
People from Zduńska Wola
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Polish male long jumpers
20th-century Polish people
21st-century Polish people
F. carbonaria may refer to:
Fannia carbonaria, a fly species
Faerberia carbonaria, a fungus species
See also
Carbonaria (disambiguation)
American Collegiate Rowing Association (ACRA) is one of the governing bodies of college rowing in the United States, together with the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Intercollegiate Rowing Association (IRA).
History
Established in 2008 by Gregg Hartsuff under the General Not for Profit Association Act of 1986, the American Collegiate Rowing Association (ACRA) is made up of club-level collegiate rowing teams.
The ACRA National Championship Regatta is considered the National Championship for collegiate club programs and all programs outside the NCAA/IRA structure.
The regatta is split into six regions: the Mid-Atlantic region, the Great Lakes region, the Plains region, the Northeast region, the South region, and the West Coast region. The ACRA is a broadcast partner of The Rowers Consortium of Huntington Harbour, California, who has broadcast the regatta on The Rowing Channel since 2014.
Members
Champions
Varsity 8+
Men
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size:85%;"
|-! style="background-color: #87D3F8;"
|Year and Champion
|-
| 2008 Michigan
|-
| 2009 Michigan
|-
| 2010 Michigan
|-
| 2011 Virginia
|-
| 2012 Virginia
|-
| 2013 Michigan
|-
| 2014 Michigan
|-
| 2015 Michigan
|-
| 2016 Michigan
|-
| 2017 UC Santa Barbara
|-
| 2018 Michigan
|-
| 2019 Delaware
|-
| 2022 George Washington
References
External links
Official website
College rowing in the United States
College sports governing bodies in the United States
Rowing governing bodies
The PowerBook Duo is a line of subnotebooks manufactured and sold by Apple Computer from 1992 until 1997 as a more compact companion to the PowerBook line. Improving upon the PowerBook 100's portability (its immediate predecessor and Apple's third-smallest laptop), the Duo came in seven different models. They were the Duo 210, 230, 250, 270c, 280, 280c, and 2300c, with the 210 and 230 being the earliest, and the 2300c being the final incarnation before the entire line was dropped in early 1997.
Weighing and slightly smaller than a sheet of paper at , and only thick, it was the lightest and smallest of all of Apple's PowerBooks at the time, and remains one of Apple's smallest notebooks ever produced. Only the MacBook Air, the Retina MacBook Pro and the Retina MacBook weigh less, though they are wider and deeper (but considerably thinner). The Duo had the most in common with the original MacBook Air which only included one USB 2.0 port, one video port (requiring an adapter) and one speaker port, but no ability for expansion.
The PowerBook Duo line was replaced by the PowerBook 2400, which was slightly larger in size than the Duos, but still only the fifth-smallest behind the 12-inch PowerBook G4 which succeeded it as fourth-smallest. Although both featured much more onboard functionality, they lacked docking ability.
Features
The Duo line offered an ultraportable design that was light and functional for travel and expandable via its unique docking connector. However certain compromises were made to achieve this level of portability. The Duo series used an 88% of standard desktop-sized keyboard which was criticized for being difficult to type on. Likewise, the trackball was reduced in size from even that used on the PowerBook 100. The only usable port which came standard on the Duo was a dual printer/modem EIA-422 serial port.
There was a slot for an expensive, optional, internal 14.4 Express Modem and no provision for built-in Ethernet. This somewhat limited configuration meant the only way to move data in or out of the laptop in a stock configuration, without purchasing additional accessories, was via a relatively slow AppleTalk connection, which was not practical in the event of hard drive problems. Compensating for these limitations, the initial Duo offering provided for a considerably higher RAM limit of 24 MB (as compared to the 100 series' 14 MB), and a standard 80 MB hard drive (versus the 100's 40 MB drive). The debut year for the Duo only offered a passive matrix display on both the mid-level and high-end models. In contrast to the high end of the 100-series line with which the Duos shared the same processors, the PowerBook 170 and 180, with their crisp active matrix displays, were both already in great demand over the lower-powered models with passive matrix displays. The following year, Apple replaced the earlier models with both an active matrix display and a color active matrix display, the latter becoming the de facto standard of the PowerBook line. The respective Duo models are easily differentiated by their display method and processor. All other features are identical.
Specifications
The 200–series Duos were powered by either Motorola 68030 or 68LC040 processors, ranging from 25–33 MHz. When Apple debuted its next-generation PowerPC processors in 1994, it took over a year for the first PowerPC Duo (the 2300c) to debut. The original PowerPC 601, like the original 68040 before it, produced too much heat and consumed too much power for Apple to use in any laptop but, by the end of 1995, the more efficient PowerPC 603e had been developed, which was featured in the Duo 2300c and its full-size companion, the PowerBook 5300 series. The PowerPC 603e was designed for a 64–bit bus, but was engineered by Apple to run on an older 32–bit bus to maintain compatibility with the Duo Docks. This led to poor system and video performance.
Docking stations
PowerBook Duos lacked most common ports (featuring only one internal printer/modem serial port and an optional fax/modem card port). In their place was docking ability, accomplished via a unique 156-pin Processor Direct Slot (PDS) giving the docks full access to the Duo's central processing unit (CPU) and data buses. Several dock options were offered by Apple and third parties.
Duo Dock (M7779) (1992), Duo Dock II (1994), Duo Dock Plus (1995)
This was the largest and most expensive dock for the PowerBook Duo, in a form factor common for that period: the Duo Dock (M7779) was first offered by Apple on October 19, 1992, and the similar docks presented by Compaq (as the LTE Lite Desktop Expansion Base) and IBM (as the 3550 Expansion Unit) were introduced in the same year. Unlike the smaller docks, or "port replicators" that plugged into the back of laptops, the listed docks pulled the laptop inside the dock's metal and plastic case via an internal sliding mechanism (similar to that of a VHS player). The Duo Dock turned the PowerBook Duo into a full-size, AC-powered, fully functional desktop computer with all the standard ports. Like a desktop computer, the dock could physically support a heavy, high-resolution CRT display on top. The Duo Dock included a floppy drive on the side, two NuBus expansion slots, an optional floating-point unit (FPU), level 2 cache, a slot for more VRAM to enable more colors at higher resolutions, and space for a second hard drive.
The original Duo Dock was replaced by the Duo Dock II on May 16, 1994, which added AAUI networking and compatibility with the newer color-screen PowerBook Duos. A replacement lid was offered to allow use of the thicker color Duos with the original Duo Dock.
The Dock II was followed by the Duo Dock Plus on May 15, 1995, which was identical to the Duo Dock II, but lacked the FPU and level 2 cache—which were not compatible with the 68LC040-processor Duo 280 and PowerPC-processor Duo 2300c. While the laptop's LCD display obviously could not be opened when inside the dock, additional NuBus video cards could be installed to drive up to three monitors.
Aging Duo Docks are known to have problems with the failing of the capacitors which drive the docking mechanism. This is colloquially known as 'The Duo Dock Tick of Death'.
MiniDock (M7780) (1992)
The Mini Dock was a port expander for the PowerBook Duo and was popularly offered by many third-party manufacturers and Apple. When attached, the PowerBook Duo could be plugged into various standard desktop devices including SCSI, Apple Desktop Bus (ADB), serial, floppy disk, external speakers, and an external display. This type of dock also allowed the Duo's internal LCD and battery to be used. Third-party contributions to the Mini Dock added a variety of specialized custom options including Ethernet connectivity, NTSC and PAL video ports. The only significant difference between these docks and a full desktop configuration was the lack of custom PDS or NuBus expansion slots, which were included on all standard desktop Macs, a shortfall made up in task-specific third-party dock offerings.
MicroDock
This type of dock was manufactured by both Apple and many third parties, and gave the PowerBook Duo up to three extra ports in a minimal configuration. Examples include floppy, SCSI, video and Ethernet docks, each typically included one ADB port as well. This was the least expensive, and most basic of the docks. This type of dock allowed the Duo's internal LCD to be used as well, and could run on the Duo's internal battery for a reduced amount of time. Popular due to the minimal impact in accessories that must be carried with the Duo, they offered a practical alternative to emergency hard disk and software situations and task-specific needs.
Design
The 2300 was the last Apple product to carry any vestige of the Snow White design language, which Apple had been phasing out since 1990. Drawing heavily upon improvements made to the original PowerBook 140 design, the Duo series continues many of the styling traits of the PowerBook 100, which is approximately equivalent in size and weight. In addition to the Snow White features, the Duo takes the 100's radius curves a step further along the display top, front, and sides, and which is also heavily mirrored in the various docks.
PenLite
The PenLite was an early tablet computer prototyped by Apple Computer in 1993 around the same time as the Apple Newton. It was not a PDA but rather a complete computer. The project was canceled in 1994 due to its similarity to the Newton.
The PenLite was based on the PowerBook Duo and was meant to be a tablet-style addition, with a stylus as the input device. It was designed to be compatible with PowerBook Duo docks and accessories and ran the standard classic macOS.
In popular culture
One of the most stylish and iconic of the laptops available at the time, the Duo was widely used in advertising, film and television.
Sandra Bullock, starring as systems analyst Angela Bennett, prominently uses a PowerBook Duo 280c (and also a PowerBook 540c) in the movie The Net (1995)
In the TV sitcom Home Improvement, a Powerbook Duo was used in the fifth episode of season 6 (Episode #131: Al's Video - Original air date: October 15, 1996) as Jill's new computer. Just as they get some work done on it, Tim comes along and destroys it by playing a game.
Anne Heche, playing Amy Barnes, a geologist and seismologist, uses a PowerBook Duo 280c in the movie Volcano (1997) to calculate the speed of lava flowing beneath the city streets.
In the film Wag The Dog (1997), the President's team members, including Anne Heche and Dustin Hoffman among others, use several PowerBook Duo 280c.
In the critically acclaimed TV sitcom NewsRadio (1994-1999), Dave Nelson used a PowerBook Duo almost exclusively for the first four seasons, the only exceptions being the first few episodes in which they used a PowerBook 100 series. In the fourth season (beginning in 1997), PowerBook Duos were also used prominently by Lisa Miller and occasionally by other characters. In the fifth season (beginning in 1998), all computers on the show were replaced with PowerBook G3s and a first-generation iMac.
A complete PowerBook Duo system, including Dock, is featured prominently throughout seasons five through seven of Seinfeld.
In the movie Hackers (1995), Kate Libby owns a PowerBook Duo 280c (with a 2300c logic board infamously remarked to have a "28.8 bps modem" The 28.8 for the 2300 was never produced and remained a prototype only). They claim it has a "P6 chip". While people believed they were referring to the Intel Pentium Pro, it was actually a PowerPC 603e in the 2300 motherboard (which was referred to by Apple as the "P6" chip for marketing purposes.) Dade Murphy is sent a clear-cased prototype 280c[1] by Eugene "The Plague" Belford.
Timeline
See also
List of Macintosh models grouped by CPU type
Docking station
Notes
References
External links
collection of powerbooks and duos
PowerBook Duo Resources
German PowerBook Duo Site
Lowendmac.com - PowerBooks
Prototypes of Apple hardware at The Apple Museum
Prototypes of Apple hardware at The Apple Collection
Apple Powerbook Duo 2300c Pictures
20 Macs for 2020 podcast #19
Duo
68k Macintosh computers
PowerPC Macintosh computers
Computer-related introductions in 1992
Aðalsteinn Aðalsteinsson (born 25 April 1962) is an Icelandic former footballer, who played as a midfielder, and now a football manager. They won four caps for the Iceland national football team between 1982 and 1990.  They are currently the manager of 4. deild karla team Ungmennafélagið Skallagrímur. They were appointed manager in 2015.
References
Aðalsteinn Aðalsteinsson international appearances at ksi.is
1962 births
Living people
Icelandic footballers
Iceland international footballers
Iceland under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Knattspyrnufélagið Víkingur players
SK Djerv 1919 players
Íþróttafélagið Völsungur players
Knattspyrnufélagið Víkingur managers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Icelandic expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Icelandic football managers
Torbjørn Sikkeland (3 August 1923 – 7 November 2014) was a Norwegian chemist, nuclear physicist and radiation biophysicist.
They were born in Varteig. They were part of the Berkeley team that claimed discovery of the transuranic elements of nobelium and lawrencium. They were appointed professor at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondheim from 1969 to 1993. They were a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences.
They died in November 2014.
References
1923 births
2014 deaths
People from Sarpsborg
Norwegian physicists
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
Norwegian Institute of Technology faculty
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences
Wormald Green is a village in the civil parish of Markington with Wallerthwaite in the district of Harrogate, North Yorkshire. In 2016, Harrogate Borough Council (HBC) estimated the population of the village to be 136. It is situated on the A61 road between Harrogate and Ripon which crosses over Markington Beck here.
From 1848 to 1964 it was served by Wormald Green railway station on the Leeds–Northallerton Railway, though passenger services ceased already in 1962. There is a regular bus service provided by Harrogate Bus (route 36) along the A61 road linking Leeds with Ripon via Harrogate and serving Wormald Green. Buses ply the route on average of three per hour (every 20 minutes) rising to four per hour between 11:00 am and 16:00 pm. There is a hotel east of the bridge across the stream.
References
External links
Images of Wormald Green from Historic Markington
Villages in North Yorkshire
Borough of Harrogate
The Prisoner of Zenda is a 1979 American comedy film directed by Richard Quine that stars Peter Sellers, Lynne Frederick, Lionel Jeffries, Elke Sommer, Gregory Sierra, Jeremy Kemp, and Catherine Schell. It is adapted from the 1894 adventure novel by Anthony Hope. The novel tells the story of a man (Peter Sellers) who has to impersonate a king, whom they closely resemble, when the king is abducted by enemies on the eve of their coronation. In 1952, an earlier adaptation of the story was made into a film starring Deborah Kerr and Stewart Granger, and directed by Richard Thorpe.
The comedy was loosely adapted by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais. It has echoes of not only Hope's book but also several other well-known novels, especially Dumas's The Man in the Iron Mask. Sellers plays three roles: that of the Ruthenian King Rudolph V and the London cab driver Sydney Frewin who is brought in to portray the missing King with whom they share an uncanny resemblance. Sellers also portrayed the aged King Rudoph IV at the start of the film, before they are killed in a hot air balloon accident.
The score by Henry Mancini was a highlight of the film and gained some critical acclaim. It was also Quine's final film as a director before they died in 1989.
Plot
King Rudolf IV (Sellers) dies in a balloon accident upon the celebration of their eightieth birthday. In order to secure the throne, General Sapt and their nephew Fritz travel to London, where the King's son, Rudolf V (Sellers), resides and lives through the day in London's pleasure establishments; but the King's demented half-brother Michael (Kemp), thinking that they are the better claimant, sends an assassin after them. Hansom cab driver Sydney (or Sidney) Frewin (Sellers), the new King's half-brother from an affair with a British actor, rescues Rudolf from an assassination attempt. Once their resemblance to the King is noticed, Frewin is hired by the general ostensibly as the King's coachman, but actually to play the role of a decoy. The ruse is quickly uncovered, however, when during an attack by Michael's men the royal guardsmen address Frewin as their new king, and the two look-alikes get acquainted.
In an unattended moment, Rudolf is captured and brought to Michael's castle of Zenda. Out of necessity, Frewin has to keep masquerading as the King for the coronation ceremony. Princess Flavia, Rudolf's fiancée (Frederick), is perceptive enough to see through the ruse, and after Frewin and the general have confided in her, they quickly become Frewin's trusted ally and love interest. Complicating the scheme on Frewin's side is the jealous Count Montparnasse whose wife (Sommer) has become infatuated with Rudolf, and on Michael's side by their mistress, Antoinette, who is wildly jealous about the prospect of Michael marrying Flavia and in turn is the love interest of the slightly unbalanced Rupert von Henzau, Michael's second-in-command.
After several assassination attempts, Michael attempts to lure Frewin into a trap. While the trap fails, Frewin, acting as Henzau's coach driver, is recognized and captured upon arrival in Zenda. Frewin and Rudolf escape with Antoinette's help, and when Sapt and their men arrive at the castle, Henzau switches sides and aids Frewin and Rudolf against Michael, opens the castle gates and rides away, telling Sapt that they will report for duty next week. Michael and their men attempt to capture Rudolf and Frewin, but they jump off the battlements into the moat, and Sapt has Michael arrested for their treachery. Assuming Frewin's identity, Rudolf pursues their interests in the countess and the London gambling tables, while Frewin marries Princess Flavia and becomes king of Ruritania.
Cast
Peter Sellers as Rudolf IV / Rudolf V / Sydney Frewin
Lionel Jeffries as General Sapt
Lynne Frederick as Princess Flavia
Elke Sommer as Nathalie, Countess Montparnasse
Gregory Sierra as Gilles, Count Montparnasse
Simon Williams as Fritz
Jeremy Kemp as Prince Michael
Catherine Schell as Antoinette
Stuart Wilson as Rupert of Hentzau
John Laurie as Archbishop
Graham Stark as Erik
Production
Walter Mirisch pitched the film to Sellers while the latter was making Murder by Death. Sellers liked the idea but not the script and requested a new one be written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais.
The film was announced in December 1976.
and was shot in Austria. Schönbrunn Palace in Vienna represented the "Ruritania" royal palace; other filming locations included Burg Kreuzenstein, St. Martin's Church in Klosterneuburg and Salzburg Cathedral.
The film's production was frequently tense: Sellers qualms about the production and struggles with their declining health led to several angry confrontations with their wife and co-star, Lynne Frederick, as well as the film's director, Richard Quine.
When Sellers saw a preview of the film, they objected strenuously, claiming Mirisch had arranged for new footage to be shot without them or Quine turning it into "a Pink Panther movie".
Critical reception
Time Out called it "A limp and shoddy farce in which neither Sellers' lifeless double-role mugging, nor a dire fish-out-of-water script by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, encourage anything more than a deepening nostalgia for the straightfaced swashbuckling of previous adaptations"; whereas in The New York Times, Janet Maslin wrote, "Mr. Sellers is onscreen with themselves surprisingly often, and the effect never looks trumped-up. They perform a perfect balancing act, orchestrated so well that the funny character makes the serious one even more effective, and vice versa. 'The Prisoner of Zenda' doesn't have the kind of finesse that Blake Edwards's direction has given the 'Pink Panther' series. But the slack moments are painless enough, and they come as a fair exchange for the pleasure of Mr. Seller's [sic] artfully schhizoid company." Todd McCarthy of Variety called the film "a tame comic vehicle for another exercise in multiple role-playing by Peter Sellers ... More than anything, pic resembles some of Danny Kaye's comic romps of decades past, such as 'The Court Jester,' but with a lot fewer laughs." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film 2 stars out of 4 and wrote, "Everything about the Peter Sellers comedy 'Prisoner of Zenda' seems tired. Its jokes are tired, its story situations are tired, its pacing is tired, and Sellers' dual performance seems doubly lackluster." Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times called the film an "unhappy spectacle of a capable cast, bedecked with turn-of-the-century finery and placed amid settings of historic Austrian splendor, straining and straining to get laughs out of solid lead (Even Henry Mancini's score seems desperately jaunty.) The ultimate effect of the film is one of a feeling of embarrassment for all involved in its perpetration." Gary Arnold of The Washington Post wrote, "Offhand, I can't recall another comedy with an energy level as disastrously low as the one retarding 'The Prisoner of Zenda.' Although the finale generates a little slapstick turbulence, the movie looks and feels inert for the longest time. It's difficult to decide where to place the blame." Brendan Gill of The New Yorker declared, "There are occasions when Mr. Sellers is among the funniest men in the world, but this is not one of them." David Ansen of Newsweek wrote, "Though the budget supposedly reached $10 million, the film has the slapdash, impersonal feeling of those old studio features that were thrown together as star vehicles and rushed out against a strict deadline. But Sellers needs strong collaborators and a sturdy context. They may be our greatest comic actor but, unlike comedians who carry a film on the force of their immediately recognizable personality, Sellers's strong suit is their chameleonlike virtuosity, and chameleons are meaningless without a backdrop." Paul Taylor of The Monthly Film Bulletin called it a "flatly directed, leadenly unfunny farce."
References
External links
1979 films
1970s adventure comedy films
Films based on The Prisoner of Zenda
Films directed by Richard Quine
Films produced by Walter Mirisch
Films scored by Henry Mancini
Films set in castles
Films set in Europe
Films set in London
Films set in the 19th century
Universal Pictures films
Films with screenplays by Dick Clement
Films with screenplays by Ian La Frenais
1979 comedy films
1970s English-language films
The 1992 season in the first division of Estonian football, named Esiliiga, was the first domestic competition since the Baltic nation gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991. Eight teams competed in this edition, played in the spring, with Kreenholm Narva winning the title.
Final Round I
Final Round II
See also
1992 in Estonian football
1992 Meistriliiga
References
1992 Estonian season (RSSSF)
Esiliiga seasons
2
Estonia
Holtedahl Bay () is a bay, long in a northwest–southeast direction and averaging wide, between Velingrad Peninsula and Stresher Peninsula along the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. The bay is entered southwest of Prospect Point and northeast of Black Head, and has its head fed by Hugi Glacier.
It was discovered by the British Graham Land Expedition, 1934–37, and named by John Rymill for Professor Olaf Holtedahl, a Norwegian geologist who conducted geologic research during 1927–28 in the South Shetland Islands and the Palmer Archipelago, to which they were transported by various whaling vessels.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
References
Bays of the Palmer Archipelago
Profundiconus zardoyai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Like all species within the genus Profundiconus, these cone snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
Description
The size of the shell attains 10 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs off New Caledonia.
References
Tenorio M. (2015). A new Profundiconus from northern New Caledonia: Profundiconus zardoyai sp. nov. (Gastropoda, Conilithidae). Xenophora Taxonomy. 6: 38–46
External links
zardoyai
Gastropods described in 2015
Petal is an American rock band from Scranton, Pennsylvania, currently signed to Run for Cover Records. The band consists of one permanent member, Kiley Lotz, (who is non-binary,) with the rest of the band a rotating group of musicians.
History
Petal began in September 2013 with the self-release of an extended play titled Scout. The EP caught the attention of the record label Run For Cover, who signed them to their label three months later in December 2013. The EP was re-released after they signed to Run For Cover.
On September 1, 2015, Petal released the song "Sooner" from their debut album, Shame. Petal released their debut full-length album, Shame on October 23, 2015, via Run For Cover. On April 3, 2018, "Better Than You" was released as the first single from their second album, Magic Gone, which was released on June 15, 2018, also via Run For Cover.
Critical reception of Magic Gone was largely positive, with Stereogum saying, "This might be inward-looking music, but the songs still zip. “Better Than You” and “Tightrope” remind me of alt rock radio in the very early '90s, before the post-Nirvana boom turned everything into angst central. You could pogo to these songs just as easily as you could cry to them. It's a funny thing, how the heaviness of the words and the lightness of the music can feed each other, how they can make each other stronger. It's a dichotomy that makes Magic Gone — an album that's utterly drowning in sadness in a lot of ways — into something warm and comforting and friendly: an album that might help you out and bring you up if you're ever feeling something like what Lotz was feeling when they wrote these songs."In June and July of 2018, Petal co-headlined a United States tour with Run for Cover label mates Camp Cope. The band then went on a worldwide tour from January to March 2019, first in the United States with artists Sir Babygirl and Cave People, then in Europe and the UK supporting American musician Shakey Graves, and ending in Japan.
Discography
Studio albums
Shame (2015, Run For Cover)
Magic Gone (2018, Run For Cover)
EPs
Scout (2013, Run For Cover)
Comfort (2017, Run For Cover)
References
Indie rock musical groups from Pennsylvania
Musical groups established in 2013
Musicians from Scranton, Pennsylvania
Run for Cover Records artists
2013 establishments in Pennsylvania
Non-binary musicians
Bakovići may refer to:
Bakovići (Fojnica), Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bakovići, Kolašin, Montenegro
Imma autodoxa is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1886. It is found on Fiji.
The wingspan is 19–21 mm. The forewings are fuscous, somewhat purplish tinged and with a streak (sometimes well defined) from the base of the costa to the inner margin before the middle, and a triangular patch extending on the costa from before the middle to the apex, and connected at its apex with the middle of the inner margin by a dentate streak, irrorated (sprinkled) with white. There is a purplish black suffusion along the inner margin to the middle, and along the submedian fold to two-thirds. A black dot is found in the disc before the middle, a second more obscure slightly beyond it on the fold, both sometimes obsolete, and a third larger in the disc beyond the middle. There is also a cloudy ochreous-yellowish spot on the costa at two-thirds, and a second before the apex, from where proceeds a cloudy dentate yellowish line to the anal angle, preceded in the middle by a purplish black suffusion. There is a hind-marginal row of ochreous-yellowish dots. The hindwings are ochreous yellow, with a broad blackish border all round except on the costa.
References
Moths described in 1886
Immidae
Moths of Fiji
Venerable Macarius' Miracle of the Moose () is a miracle associated with the name of
Venerable Macarius of the Yellow Water Lake and the Unzha (1349-1444),
a Saint of the Russian Orthodox Church. It is thought to have occurred in June 1439 in the
woodlands of what today is Semyonov District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
The account of the miracle in the Life of Venerable Macarius
During the invasion of Russia by the Khan Olug Moxammat
of Kazan in 1439, Zheltovodsky (Yellow Lake) Monastery of Holy Trinity
was destroyed. Venerable Macarius (, Makariy), the founder of the monastery, was taken prisoner
along with a few other survivors. After meeting with Macarius, the khan was so
impressed by the nonagenarian abbot's piety and love of their neighbor,
that they released them and their disciples, on the condition that they leave the Yellow Lake site.
The Yellow Lake (which was located at the fall of the Kerzhenets into
the Volga) being too perilously close to the invasion route taken by the Kazan Khanate
armies invading Russian principalities and vice versa, the released survivors decided
to relocate a few hundred kilometers to the north, into the fastness of the Galich forests,
which are located along the Unzha River in what today is Kostroma Oblast.
Taking the easy route along the Volga would not be a safe thing to do in this year of war; so
the Saint and their followers choose to travel through the dense woodlands and swamps of the
Kerzhenets basin — the land which is even today is almost deserted by people.
After a few days of travel, the monks ran out of food. One day they somehow managed
to capture a moose (some later sources say that the moose had been trapped "at a narrow place", perhaps between trees). The followers of Macarius wanted to slaughter and eat the animal. But as this was
the time of the Fast of the Holy Apostles, Venerable Macarius prohibited
them to do that. Instead, they told them to cut off the moose's right ear and to release
the animal. They told them that they only need to wait for three days, until the Feast of Saints Peter and Paul, and the moose will be theirs. "Don't be aggrieved", said Macarius, " but pray to the Lord. They who fed the people
of Israel in the desert with manna for 40 years, can also feed you these
days in a manner invisible. Have a strong faith in Him who fed five thousand
people, not counting women and children, with five loaves and two fish!"
For the next three days of the fast the travellers marched along without fatigue. No one
died of starvation; no one even felt hunger or thought of food.
On the Feast day of Holy Apostles Peter and Paul, Venerable Macarius went away from theirs
companions and praised the Lord, praying to Him that Their people may be fed as had been
the people of Israel in the desert or the five thousand people in the days of Apostles.
When Macarius returned to their brethren, they saw the moose with no right ear approaching
them. And this time, the animal was not wild: it behaved as if it was tame.
After the dinner of bonfire-roasted venison, the travellers praised the Lord
for Their great kindness. Venerable Macarius told their companions not to worry about food
anymore, but rely on God Who will give them food and everything else they need.
The Life of Venerable Macarius does not tell us whether everyone who had left
the Yellow Lake with them reached the Unzha alive. But it is said that God had protected
them from hunger and from wild beasts during their travel, delivering moose, deer, and other game
into their hands.
Commemoration of the miracle
Liturgy
The Kontakion of the Hymn for the Feast of Venerable Macarius (July 25
Julian calendar) refers to this miracle when it says of Macarius:
"You were revealed as the second Moses, O Venerable One.
For they divided the sea with a staff,
You have conquered the passions like Amalek,
And you passed through the impassable wilderness with an unwavering mind,
And in it you performed great wonders through your prayers.
You abundantly fed the hungry people."
Iconography
The Miracle of the Moose appears on some of the icons of Venerable Macarius,
sometimes as the main topic of the icon, sometimes as one of the episodes.
It is also the topic of one of the new frescoes
in the Refectory section of the Ascension Cathedral of Pechersky Ascension Monastery
in Nizhny Novgorod
Olenevsky Skete
The Kerzhenets River woodlands, where the Miracle of the Moose purportedly happened, became in the late 17th century one of the main areas of refuge for the Old Believers. According to their legend, the main community of the Kerzhenets Old Believers, known as the Olenevsky Skete () had been founded soon after the Miracle of the Moose by some of the monks expelled from Venerable Macarius' Yellow Waters Monastery, at the site where the animal was captured by the Venerable's prayers. The skete's name comes from the Russian (olen), which means "deer", thus commemorating the miracle. It is said that during the Raskol two hundred years later the Skete's hermits rejected Nikon's reforms, thus making it the center of attraction for Old Believer refugees from other parts of the country, who then founded numerous other sketes in the area.
Olenevsky Skete was one of the centers of the so-called Beglopopovtsy ("those who accepted the fleeing priests"), the school of Old Believers who thought that, since the Old Believers had no bishops of their own who could ordain priest, it was acceptable for them to accept priests who had been ordained by the established church but later left it for the Old Believier sketes. It is reported that the Skete was mostly destroyed during one of the Old Believer suppression campaigns in 1737, but restored after Catherine II's "amnesty" of 1762. It was known as a women's skete, with 49 nuns reported as living there at the time of its official closure in 1854, pursuant to Nicholas I anti-skete executive order of 1853. A number of nuns in fact continued to live at the site long after the official disbandment.
The former skete is now known as the village of Bolshoye Olenevo, and is located 24 km south-east of the town of Semyonov (Nizhny Novgorod Oblast). It remains the site of pilgrimage for the Old Believers of the area.
References
The Life of Venerable Macarius, at the site of Pechersky Ascencion Monastery
Iconography
Venerable Macarius' Miracle of the Moose, fresco at the Ascension Cathedral in Pechersky Ascension Monastery.
Venerable Macarius' Miracle with the Moose (Чудо преподобного Макария с лосем), first part (icon, Kotlovka Gallery)
Venerable Macarius' Miracle with the Moose (Чудо преподобного Макария с лосем), second part (icon, Kotlovka Gallery)
An icon of Venerable Macarius (at the Orthodox Calendar site). The Miracle of the Moose is shown as the bottom left episode.
Footnotes
Eastern Orthodoxy in medieval Russia
Culture of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast
1439 in Europe
15th-century Eastern Orthodoxy
15th-century Christianity
Moose
Christian miracles
Eastern Christian monasticism
Governor of Punjab may refer to:
List of Governors of Punjab (British India), of the pre-independence Punjab province of British India
List of Governors of Punjab (India), of Punjab state in India
Governor of Punjab, Pakistan, of Punjab province in Pakistan
cs:Paňdžáb (rozcestník)
cy:Punjab
da:Punjab
de:Punjab (Begriffsklärung)
eo:Panĝabo
eu:Punjab
ko:펀자브 (동음이의)
ms:Punjab
nl:Punjab
ro:Punjab (dezambiguizare)
ru:Пенджаб
simple:Punjab
sk:Pandžáb
sh:Punjab
zh:旁遮普 (消歧义)
Acrolepia chalcolampra is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Chile.
References
Moths described in 1931
Acrolepiidae
Endemic fauna of Chile
Tolling is a legal doctrine that allows for the pausing or delaying of the running of the period of time set forth by a statute of limitations, such that a lawsuit may potentially be filed even after the statute of limitations has run. Although grounds for tolling the statute of limitations vary by jurisdiction, common grounds include:
The plaintiff was a minor at the time a cause of action accrued.
The plaintiff has been deemed mentally incompetent.
The plaintiff has been convicted of a felony and is imprisoned.
The defendant has filed a bankruptcy case triggering a stay of other lawsuits.
The defendant is not physically within a certain jurisdiction (state or country).
The parties were engaged in good-faith negotiations to resolve a dispute without litigation when the statute of limitations expired.
Tolling may occur under a statute that specifically provides for the tolling of the statute of limitations during specified circumstances. It may also take the form of equitable tolling, where the court applies common law principles of equity to extend the time for the filing of a document.
Statutory tolling
When passing statutes of limitation, legislatures may pass laws that describe when the limitations period may be extended. The effects of tolling can be curtailed by a statute of repose, a law that creates an absolute deadline for filing an action, irrespective of reasons for tolling the statute of limitations. Many jurisdictions have particular peculiarities with regard to tolling. For example, in the Commonwealth of Virginia, where a party brings an action, and then declares a nonsuit, the statute of limitations is extended for six months.
Equitable tolling
Equitable tolling applies in criminal and civil proceedings, including in removal proceedings under the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA). Equitable tolling is a common principle of law stating that a statute of limitations shall not bar a claim in cases where the plaintiff, despite use of due diligence, could not or did not discover the injury until after the expiration of the limitations period.
For example, when pursuing one of several legal remedies, the statute of limitations on the remedies not being pursued will be equitably tolled if the plaintiff can show:
Timely notice to the adverse party is given within applicable statute of limitations of filing first claim
Lack of prejudice to the defendant
Reasonable good faith conduct on part of the plaintiff.
It has been held that equitable tolling applies principally if the plaintiff is actively misled by the defendant about the cause of action or is prevented in some extraordinary way from asserting their or their rights. Importantly, it has also been held that the equitable tolling doctrine does not require wrongful conduct on the part of the defendant, such as fraud or misrepresentation.
England and Wales
The term tolling is unknown to English law. Part II of the Limitation Act 1980 may permit an extension or delay to commencement of a limitation period where a party operates under a defined disability, in personal injury cases, amongst others. Also, where relevant facts of a cause of action for fraud or mistake have been hidden from a claimant, the limitation period will commence on the date that the person could have with reasonable diligence discovered it.
United States
Federal courts
Historically, the federal judiciary of the United States had "allowed equitable tolling in situations where the claimant has actively pursued their judicial remedies by filing a defective pleading during the statutory period, or where the complainant has been induced or tricked by their adversary's misconduct into allowing the filing deadline to pass." The federal approach has been described as merging principles of equitable tolling and equitable estoppel. Under standard application of those principles, equitable tolling does not require any misconduct by the defendant, while equitable estoppel requires wrongful conduct on the part of the defendant, such as fraud or misrepresentation.
Before 2015, when the United States was a defendant, equitable tolling could not be applied against the United States since the Spending Clause has been interpreted by the Supreme Court to only vest Congress with the authority to waive sovereign immunity, and statutes of limitation are interpreted as a condition on the waiver of sovereign immunity that limit the jurisdiction of a court to hear cases against the United States. In April 2015, the Supreme Court ruled that equitable tolling applies against the United States, despite the Spending Clause.
Non-federal courts
Some non-federal courts in the United States take different approaches to equitable tolling, with some courts accepting equitable tolling and others sharply limiting the practice or declining to toll the statute of limitations in the absence of statutory authority.
Arizona
Arizona courts have recognized and applied the equitable tolling doctrine. For example, the state's courts have allowed equitable tolling:
When a second wrongful death claim was not filed in a timely manner after a successful verdict on first claim that was overturned on appeal due to defective service of process.
Where a plaintiff prisoner failed to timely file notice of claim against state because they first pursued claim through prison's administrative grievance procedure.
When a right-to-sue letter from the Arizona Attorney General's office contained incorrect date by which plaintiff was required to sue on their claim.
California
The Supreme Court of California has held that equitable tolling may occur in carefully considered situations, as necessary to prevent the unjust technical forfeiture of causes of action, where the defendant would suffer no prejudice.
Delaware
In the context of a case in which the defendants were subject to service by substituted service, Delaware's Supreme Court held that it would not equitably toll the statute of limitations due to the plaintiff's difficulty effecting personal service of a lawsuit upon the defendants.
Florida
The Florida Supreme court observed, as an equitable remedy, the prejudice to the defendant must be considered before application of equitable tolling. The court expressed that tolling doctrine is used in the interests of justice to accommodate both a defendant's right not to be called upon to defend a stale claim and a plaintiff's right to assert a meritorious claim when equitable circumstances have prevented a timely filing. The application of equitable tolling focuses on the plaintiff's excusable ignorance of the limitations period and on the lack of prejudice to the defendant. Equitable tolling does not require active deception or employer misconduct, but focuses rather on whether the plaintiff acted with a reasonably prudent regard for their rights.
Maryland
Maryland does not permit the equitable tolling the statute of limitations, and tolls the limitations period only when the legislature has created an exception to its application. Maryland's courts have held that the statute of limitations reflects a legislative judgment of what is deemed an adequate period of time in which a person of ordinary diligence” should bring their or their legal action.
Michigan
In Michigan, the plaintiff must exercise due diligence in order to invoke equitable tolling. Where information is reasonably available to the plaintiff such that the proper defendant may be identified and served, the plaintiff may not seek the tolling of the statute of limitations due to its failure to obtain the needed information in a timely manner.
Mississippi
Mississippi courts require earnest efforts by plaintiffs seeking tolling, and will not equitably toll the statute of limitations based upon claims of excusable neglect, or based upon the plaintiff's own actions or omissions.
New Mexico
The Supreme Court of New Mexico has held that equitable tolling normally applies in cases where a litigant was prevented from filing suit because of an extraordinary event beyond their or their control. In contrast, where a plaintiff fails to identify a cause of action and file a lawsuit in a timely manner due to their or their own fault, equitable tolling does not apply.
North Dakota
In North Dakota, a plaintiff's failure to timely serve the defendants does not warrant equitable tolling.
Contract law
In certain professional sports leagues, such as in the National Hockey League, the tolling of a player's contract to allow for the pausing or delaying of the commencement of a contract can occur under certain conditions when a player signs their first NHL contract. This tolling is defined as an "entry-level slide", which can occur for a maximum of two seasons. This is demonstrated in Exhibit 16.4 of the current NHL collective bargaining agreement.
In addition, a player's contract can be tolled if a player does not satisfy their end of the playing contract (i.e., refuses to report while their contract is in force).
For the American broadcasting licensing authority, the Federal Communications Commission, the term tolling is used to describe an allowed delay in the activation of broadcast facilities past the expiration date of a construction permit, due to factors such as the inability to build them out due to a lack of available contractors and engineers, financial hardship for the licensee, or natural disasters and other acts of God.
References
Legal doctrines and principles
Francis "Frank" Marion Wishart (April 13, 1837 – May 1872) was an American military officer. They served with the 46th North Carolina Infantry Regiment of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. Wounded in combat, they left the war with rank of captain before returning to Robeson County, North Carolina to marry and open a store. They thereafter became involved in the Lowry War and in 1871 was made a colonel in charge of a county militia tasked with suppressing a gang of outlaws in the area. They were killed under disputed circumstances in a meeting with some of the outlaws in May 1872.
Early life
Francis Marion Wishart was born on April 13, 1837. They were the third son of Eli and Marry Ann Strong Wishart. Dubbed "Frank" by their friends, Wishart was raised in an impoverished white community in eastern Robeson County, North Carolina, United States. Their father was an appointed squire on the county court and at one time led the county militia.
Military career
Civil War
Following the outbreak of the American Civil War, Wishart joined the 12th Regiment, North Carolina Infantry, Confederate States Army. They later served with the 46th North Carolina Infantry Regiment. Wishart rose to the rank of first lieutenant with Company A and frequently led the regiment's skirmishing line. On May 5, 1864, during the Battle of the Wilderness, they were severely wounded by gunfire while leading skirmishers through a thicket. Following the battle they were promoted to the rank of captain and given charge of Company B to replace a fallen officer, a capacity in which they served until the end of the war. Wishart subsequently returned to Robeson County and, like many other poor whites in the area during the Reconstruction era, they joined the Republican Party. They married Lydia Pittman on January 11, 1866 in Lumberton and fathered three children with them The couple established a store in Shoe Heel in 1870.
Lowry War
At the time Wishart returned to Robeson County, the area was wracked by the Lowry War, a conflict between a gang of mostly-Lumbee outlaws led by Henry Berry Lowry and local authorities. Unlike most other local Republicans, who feared the political consequences of alienating the Lumbee community, Wishart supported active efforts to suppress the gang and in April 1871 joined 10 other men in a "compact" to kill the gang members. The compact disbanded in June after a lack of success in achieving their goal, but Wishart was commissioned by North Carolina Governor Tod Robinson Caldwell with the rank of captain—elevated to colonel by the end of the year—to lead the county militia in suppressing the Lowry Gang. Like their more conservative-leaning predecessors, they believed an effective campaign against the gang required the authorities' intervention in Scuffletown—the heart of the Lumbee community—and suppression of their supporters there, not just direct action against the outlaws. Unlike the other local authorities, they generally sought warrants for searches and arrests of suspects and attempted to instill discipline in the militia.
Wishart planned a campaign to suppress the Lowry Gang for July, the largest-ever concerted effort to capture them. They called upon Robeson's 15 townships to provide 10 men each, ultimately raising a militia of 117 men. The force was divided into smaller detachments ranging from 3–25 men, known as "township companies". Wishart sent scouts into the Scuffletown area to gather intelligence and drew a detailed map of the region, labeling small footpaths in the swamps and appending the names of the local inhabitants to their residences. They also studied Saunders' reports on the gang's behaviors. Despite this refined strategy, the gang continued to elude their pursuers. They instructed their pregnant wife to take their two children to Whiteville to avoid possible retaliation from the gang.
Wishart eventually settled on arresting the outlaws' wives, who up to that point had been largely ignored by the authorities and had lived their lives publicly. On 10 July, they dispatched the township detachments to simultaneously arrest the wives and some other prominent Lumbees before they could be warned. They accompanied the Smith's Township company as it arrested Rhoda Strong Lowry—the gang leader's wife—and another woman. As the unit returned to Wishart's headquarters at the village of Buie's Store, the Lowry Gang ambushed it from a blind. One militiaman was immediately killed, two others were mortally wounded, and three more were injured. Surprised by the attack, the militia did not mount an assault on the gang's position. The gang then moved out of the woods a few hundred yards down the railway and began cheering and firing their long range guns. Fearing that they were trying to provoke the militia into a pursuit that would give the hostages an opportunity to escape, Wishart refused to attack them and moved the women into their headquarters under heavy guard. The gang later retreated to the Lumber River.
By the end of the day, Wishart's militia had captured four wives of known outlaws and three other persons. They were detained under warrants accusing them of "aiding and abetting the outlaws" and incarcerated in the Lumberton jail. The next few days remained quiet as the militia gathered its strength. On the morning of July 14, Henry Berry Lowry and some of their gang members confronted a local family. Lowry made a verbal threat to local white women and had the family dictate a note for the county sheriff, demanding the release of their wives by Monday morning or else "the Bloodiest times will be here that ever was before—the life of every man will be in Jeopardy".
Lowry's threat concerning the women generated panic throughout Robeson County. The white community was worried that Wishart's recruitment for their militia would deprive the white women of protection; many men avoided their summons. As a result, Wishart struggled to maintain a cohesive force. On the Monday of July 17, the day the gang's ultimatum expired, they murdered two men. Concerned about the situation, a group of elderly citizens went into Lumberton and met with the sheriff and the county commissioners. The group agreed that it would be best to release the wives, and did so the following day. Wishart was not consulted and was outraged by their decision.
By May 1872, the only active Lowry Gang members were Andrew Strong and Tom and Steve Lowry, the rest having either died or disappeared. On May 2, Wishart agreed to meet Steve and Andrew in attempt to broker a compromise involving the outlaws departure from the area. According to historians Adolph Dial and David K. Eliades, the meeting ended with both parties agreeing to meet again near Lebanon Presbyterian Church several days later, and Wishart was shot dead then. According to historian W. McKee Evans, Wishart was killed at the meeting on May 2. Wishart's wife also recorded their date of death as May 2, 1872. The Wilmington Journal reported that several gunshots were heard in the area around midday, and at about 4:00 p.m. a passerby found Wishart's body riddled with buckshot lying in the nearby road. Lumbee oral history maintains that Wishart was killed by Andrew after they attempted to draw a concealed revolver and shoot Steve, but the actual circumstances of their death remain unclear.
Wishart's death led to renewed efforts to suppress the outlaws; Aladon Strong Wishart and Robert Evander Wishart—the late colonel's respective younger brother and half-brother—reorganized the remnants of the county militia to launch a new search for the outlaws. They successfully killed Tom Lowry, while Strong was shot by a storekeeper and Steve was tracked down and killed by bounty hunters in 1874.
References
Works cited
1837 births
1872 deaths
North Carolina Republicans
People of North Carolina in the American Civil War
Confederate States Army officers
People from Robeson County, North Carolina
Mutaib bin Abdullah Al Saud (, Mutaʿib bin ʿAbdullāh ʾĀl Suʿūd, alternative spelling Miteb; born 26 March 1952) is a Saudi prince and military officer who served as Saudi Arabia's minister of the National Guard from 2013 to 2017. Previously they were commander of the National Guard from 2010 to 2013. They were arrested on 4 November 2017 along with other Saudi princes including Prince Al Waleed. They were stripped of their position as minister on the same day. They were released on 28 November 2017 after agreeing an "acceptable settlement" with authorities of more than $1 billion (£750m).
Early life and education
Prince Mutaib was born on 26 March 1952. However, there is another report, giving their birth year as 1953 or 12 October 1953. Concerning birthplace the reports also vary in that some argue that they were born in Riyadh, but another one claims that their birthplace is al Ulya, a village in northern Saudi Arabia. Their mother was Munira bint Mohammed bin Abdullah Al Otaishan who died in December 2020.
Mutaib is one of 36 children and the third son of King Abdullah.
Mutaib bin Abdullah and their older brother Khalid attended the Taif-Barmana School in Lebanon and secondary school in Jeddah. Later, they graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst as a lieutenant in 1974. They received a master's degree at King Khalid Military College.
Career
Prince Mutaib served as head of the commission responsible for reviewing the curricula of military college built in 1982. One year later, in 1983, King Fahd promoted Mutaib bin Abdullah to the rank of Colonel, and they were also appointed commander of the King Khalid Military City.
In 1990, Prince Mutaib began to serve as deputy head of the military under the chairpersonship of the National Guard in addition to their post as the commander of the King Khalid military college and the National Guard military college. In 1995, they were promoted to the rank of the team captain. On 21 December 2000, Mutaib bin Abdullah was made deputy assistant chief of National Guard responsible for military affairs and was also promoted to the rank of general. In June 2009, King Abdullah appointed them as deputy commander of SANG responsible for executive affairs at the rank of minister.
On 17 November 2010, Mutaib bin Abdullah became the commander of SANG, replacing King Abdullah. They conducted a major $3 billion reorganization of SANG to develop its firepower and artillery. Okaz reported in May 2012 that Prince Mutaib had some future plans to establish a body in SANG having female soldiers.
Their appointment was commonly considered reflecting King Abdullah's emphasis that it was time to start giving the power to the next generation in a way that would reduce the risk of a power struggle within the Saudi royal family. Their appointment was also regarded as a move to prepare them for assuming higher-level responsibility in the future. On 27 May 2013, Prince Mutaib was appointed minister of national guard, a post newly created.
Arrest
On 4 November 2017 Prince Mutaib was arrested and removed from their position as minister of the National Guard and replaced by Khalid bin Abdulaziz bin Mohammed bin Ayyaf Al Muqrin in the post. They were in Riyadh on that day and asked to meet with Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman.
Prince Mutaib was accused of embezzlement, hiring ghost employees and awarding contracts to their own companies including a $10 billion deal for walkie talkies and bulletproof military gear worth billions of Saudi riyals. Prince Mutaib was released on 28 November 2017 after agreeing to pay authorities a sum, reported to be over $1 billion, or 6 billion Riyals, about 1,6 billion USD. According to one source from inside the Saudi opposition, the price for Prince Mutaib's release was $10 billion.
Other positions
Prince Mutaib was appointed as a cabinet member with the rank of minister of state in November 2010. They were a member of the Military Service Council. They were vice president of the Supreme Committee of the National Festival for Heritage and Culture and the head of the technical committee of the Equestrian Club as well as a member of the board of directors of King Abdulaziz Public Library.
Business activities
At the beginning of the 2000s, Prince Mutaib was the local representative for the Ford Motor Corporation in Saudi Arabia. In 2010 they bought Hotel de Crillon in Paris for $354 million.
Influence
In 1997, Paul Michael Wihbey correctly predicted that Crown Prince Abdullah would make their son, Prince Mutaib, the commander of SANG and that Mutaib would modernize SANG's capabilities in regard to counter-insurgency, information collection and tactical field operations. They also regarded Mutaib as a knowledgeable and highly competent commanding officer with strong professional ties to the U.S. military. It was also emphasized that Prince Mutaib developed close relations with powerful regional political and military leaders, including King Hussein and Turkish Prime Minister Turgut Ozal.
Prince Mutaib's influence seems to begin when they were a military officer in the SANG as a result of being the main advisor to their father, Abdullah, commander of the SANG. During their post in the SANG under King Abdullah's command, Prince Mutaib was reported to answer only to him.  They are considered to be a competent member of House of Saud and enjoy a wide following in the large tribes of central Arabia.
Mutaib bin Abdullah is reported to have some characteristics that make them one of the leading second generation princes: their low-profile political status; conservative personal approach and commitment to their father's doctrine in addition to their strong tribal bonds. However, they are also characterized as both an ambitious and a respectable person. After the death of Crown Prince Nayef on 16 June 2012, Prince Mutaib was regarded as one of the possible contenders for the crown.
Views
Saudi university students organized demonstrations at King Khalid University in March 2012, complaining about negative conditions. Prince Mutaib considered these demonstrations as a threat against the security of the Kingdom. They told that reducing problems and meeting the students' demands were not more urgent than security and stability of the country. They further argued that as a result of recent events in the Arab countries, they should be alert to maintain the stability and security of Saudi Arabia.
In Spring 2013 Prince Mutaib stated "religion (should) not enter into politics" which led a serious concern among religious leaders. Just two days after this statement of Prince Mutaib the clergy met with King Abdullah to express their concern. In addition, Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al Tarifi responded Prince Mutaib's statement in a tweet: “whoever says there is no relationship between religion and politics worships two gods, one in the heavens and one on earth.”
Personal life
Mutaib bin Abdullah is married to Jawahir bint Abdullah, who is a daughter of their father's uncle Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman. They have six children, three daughters and three sons: Seba, Nouf, Abdullah, Zeina, Saad and Khalid.  They are also married to a daughter of Saleh Fustuq whose sister was the former wife of King Abdullah.
Their son Abdullah participated in various horse showjumping events. More significantly, Prince Abdullah bin Mutaib had two Olympic appearances, one in 2012 London Olympics. One of Prince Mutaib's sons is married to Nouf bint Abdullah bin Mohammed bin Saud, a daughter of their aunt, Seeta bint Abdulaziz. The daughter of Prince Mutaib, Nouf, is married to Faisal bin Fahd bin Abdullah bin Mohammad bin Abdul Rahman Al Saud.
References
External links
Mutaib
Mutaib
Mutaib
1952 births
Mutaib
Living people
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
Mutaib
Mutaib
Saudi Arabian Sunni Muslims
Mutaib
Longosuchus (meaning "Long's crocodile") is an extinct genus of aetosaur from the Late Triassic of North America and Morocco. It measured about 3 metres in length.
Taxonomy
Longosuchus was originally named as a species of Typothorax, T. meadei, in 1947 on the basis of skeletal remains from the Otis Chalk quarries in Howard County, western Texas. Hunt and Lucas (1990) recognized T. meadei as generically distinct from the type species of Typothorax and renamed it Longosuchus in honor of Robert Long.
References
Aetosaurs of North America
Late Triassic pseudosuchians
Fossil taxa described in 1990
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
Perochirus scutellatus, also known as the shielded tropical gecko or atoll giant gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to Micronesia.
References
Perochirus
Reptiles described in 1882
Kory DeShaun Minor (born December 14, 1976) is a former American football linebacker. They played 30 games in four seasons for the Carolina Panthers. Minor was an outside linebacker at Notre Dame from 1995–1998, while recording 245 tackles (43.5 for loss) and five interceptions. They were a seventh-round pick in the 1999 NFL Draft, selected 234th overall by the San Francisco 49ers.
A native of Inglewood, California, Minor attended Bishop Amat High School in La Puente, California, where they were a teammate of Daylon McCutcheon. They had 20 ½ sacks as a senior while earning consensus All-America notice and being named Defensive Player of the Year by USA Today.
Minor is a former owner of multiple Domino's Pizza franchises in California. In the summer of 2009, they began appearing in Domino's American Legends pizza commercials. They promote the Cali Chicken Bacon Ranch pizza in a face off against the Memphis BBQ Chicken pizza, whose promoter suggests that Minor "put some South in their mouth."
After selling their franchises, Minor founded Kory Minor Industries which is a training and development company for individuals and organizations specializing in helping clients to "Get Off the Sideline and Get Into the Game by fostering the concept of WINNING."
Minor currently coaches high school football for the St. Margaret's Tartans in San Juan Capistrano, California. They have been the head coach at SMES since 2018.
References
1976 births
Living people
Players of American football from Inglewood, California
American football linebackers
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Carolina Panthers players
Devin Robert DiDiomete (born May 9, 1988) is a Canadian-born Italian professional ice hockey player who plays left wing. They currently are playing with Gyergyói HK in the Erste Liga. DiDiomete was selected by the Calgary Flames in the 7th round (187th overall) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
On October 20, 2008, DiDiomete was signed as a free agent by the New York Rangers. During the 2012-13 season, DiDiomete spent time with the Cardiff Devils of the Elite Ice Hockey League, the Milverton Four-Wheel Drives of the Western Ontario Athletic Association Senior Hockey League, the Colorado Eagles of the ECHL, and the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League.
On September 19, 2014, DiDiomete signed with Färjestads BK of the Swedish Hockey League after being given a try-out by the team on July 17, 2014. After going scoreless in 12 games with Färjestads BK, DiDiomete briefly returned to the Milverton Four-Wheel Drives before agreeing to play out the remainder of the season with the Italian club Hockey Milano Rossoblu of the Serie A.
After a short stint with the Sheffield Steelers of the Elite Ice Hockey League to start the 2014–15 season, DiDiomete joined the Allen Americans of the ECHL. On November 11, 2014, DiDiomete was traded to the Missouri Mavericks of the ECHL in exchange for future considerations. On November 24, 2014, the Mavericks traded DiDiomete to the Idaho Steelheads of the ECHL for undisclosed considerations.
On July 6, 2015, DiDiomete returned to play in Europe when they signed with HC Banska Bystrica of the Slovak Extraliga.
DiDiomete has since played with Manchester Storm, HC Fassa, SG Cortina, UTE and HC Merano.
Career statistics
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Stratford, Ontario
HC '05 Banská Bystrica players
Allen Americans players
Calgary Flames draft picks
Canadian ice hockey centres
Cardiff Devils players
Charlotte Checkers (1993–2010) players
Chicago Express players
Chicago Wolves players
Colorado Eagles players
Connecticut Whale (AHL) players
Färjestad BK players
SHC Fassa players
Hartford Wolf Pack players
Houston Aeros (1994–2013) players
Idaho Steelheads (ECHL) players
Manchester Storm (2015–) players
HC Merano players
Missouri Mavericks players
Sarnia Sting players
SG Cortina players
Sheffield Steelers players
Sudbury Wolves players
Újpesti TE (ice hockey) players
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins players
Wheeling Nailers players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in England
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Wales
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Puerto Rico Islanders is a Puerto Rican professional soccer team.
This article contains historical and current statistics and records pertaining to the club.
All stats are accurate as of match played February 26, 2009.
Recent seasons
Color:
Statistics in USSF Division 2 Professional League
Seasons in USSF Division 2: 1
First game in USSF Division 2: PRI 3 - NSC Minnesota Stars 1 (April 21, 2010)
Longest consecutive wins in League matches: 2 (April 21, 2010 - April 24, 2010)
Longest unbeaten run in League matches:
Longest unbeaten run at home in league matches:
Longest unbeaten run in away league matches:
Longest winning run in the League (home):
Longest winning run in the League (away):
Most goals scored in a match: PRI 4 - Miami FC 2 (June 2, 2010)
Most goals conceded in a match: Rochester Rhinos 3 - PRI 0 (June 26, 2010)
Largest attendance in a league playoff game:
Statistics in USL First Division
Seasons in USL First Division: 6
First game in USL First Division: Toronto Lynx 1 - PRI 0 (April 17, 2004)
Best position in USL First Division: 1 (2008)
Worst position in USL First Division: 9, Eastern (2004)
Longest consecutive wins in USL First Division:
Longest unbeaten run in League matches: 12 (6 wins, 6 ties) (Aug 3 - Sep 21, 2008)
Longest unbeaten run at home in league matches: 10 (7 wins, 3 ties) (Jun 3 - Sep 16, 2007)
Longest unbeaten run in away league matches: 10 (7 wins, 3 ties) (Jul 6 - Sep 12)
Longest winning run in the League (home): 5 (July 22 - Sep 16, 2007)
Longest winning run in the League (away):5 (Jul 6 - 27, 2008)
Most goals scored in a season: 46 (2005)
Most goals scored in a match: PRI 4 - Rochester Rhinos 0 (2008-08-08)
Most goals conceded in a match: Portland Timbers 5 - PRI 0 (2004)
Most wins in a league season: 15 (2008)
Most draws in a league season: 10 (2007)
Most defeats in a league season: 17 (2004)
Fewest wins in a league season: 5 (2004)
Fewest draws in a league season: 6 (2004)
Fewest defeats in a league season: 6 (2008)
Largest attendance in a league playoff game: 12,098 (2007)
Statistics in CFU Club Championship
First game in CFUCC: PRI 3 - Hoppers FC 1 (12/9/2006)
Most goals scored in a match: PRI 10 - Sap FC 0 (11/6/2007)
Most goals conceded in a match: PRI 2 - Harbor View FC 2 (11/4/2007)
Statistics in CONCACAF Champions League
First game in the CCL: PRI 1 - LD Alajuelense 1 (8/27/2008)
Longest unbeaten run in the CCL matches: 4 (Aug 27 - Sep 23, 2008)
Most goals scored in a match: PRI 4 - Los Angeles Galaxy 1 (7/28/2010)
Largest attendance in the CCL: 12,993 (8/4/2010)
Historical goals
1st Goal: Mauricio Salles (April 29, 2004), PRI 1 - 2 Syracuse Salty Dogs
Goalscorer records
All-time goalscorer
Appearance records
All-Time Appearance Leaders
Minute records
All-Time Minutes Leaders
References
Statistics
Puerto Rican football club records and statistics
RaFia Santana is a non-binary American artist, musician, and performer based in Brooklyn, NY. Them work ranges from animated gifs to self-portraiture, videos, and performance to editioned clothing and electronic music exploring gentrification, the millennial mindset, mental health, and the lived black experience. They use the internet as a medium to share their artwork, empower black and brown communities, and challenge ideas of solidarity and alliance. They had exhibitions and/or performances at the Eyebeam, AdVerse Fest, SleepCenter, Times Square Arts, International Center of Photography, Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, Babycastles, Museum of the Moving Image and Museum of Contemporary African Disaporan Arts, Roots & Culture amongst many notable venues. Them work has been featured in publications such as Huffington Post, HyperAllergic, Rhizome, ArtFCity, Vogue, Teen Vogue and Salon. They have participated in panels, performances and discussions such as Cultured Magazine, "Late at Tate Britain", Creative Tech Week NYC, Afrotectopia at Google NYC, NYU, "Black Portraitures IV: The Color of Silence" at Harvard University and International Center for Photography. Their music is released through Never Normal Records.
Background
Santana was born and raised in Brooklyn, NY. Coming from a family of creatives where their mother, Marilyn Nance is a photographer and father a documentary filmmaker, Santana was encouraged to make art as they were growing up. They studied photography at Purchase College.
Career
Animated GIFs
Throughout their career, Santana has been invited to contribute animated gifs and graphics to online exhibitions and publications such as Body Anxiety, "Bitrates" at Shiraz Art House. Them gif work has been critically reviewed by The New Inquiry, Vice, Blavity and ArtFCity. Of their gif work, Paddy Johnson and Rea McNamara of ArtFCity have opined " Santana is one of the rare digital artists exploring the vernacular of race, advertising and pop culture."
GIF Six-Pack (2016)
In context of Black History Month and Beyonce's release of "Formation", Vice columnist invited Santana as one of six artists to contribute gifs that speak out against anti-Blackness and cultural assimilation. Under their gif, RaFia is quoted:
“People of color are underrepresented in every community that white people have ever presented due to the conditioning we've received that white is standard. White people are looked at and heard first while POC are represented only if they excel past that standard. Until we've abolished the white standard, people of color will always be underrepresented. We're all here though.”
Worked (2015)
Worked is a digitally manipulated image of the artist, partially naked with their lower body away from the camera as they gaze forward whilst wearing an apron. It was made with the intention of defying stereotypes around black, femme and queer bodies.
'SELFiE' (2015)
In 2015, Santana mounted a solo show showcasing digitally manipulated images with soundscapes at the Museum of Contemporary African Diasporan Arts.
RaFia's World (2016)
Commissioned by a Rhizome Microgrant in 2015, 'RaFia's World' is a static website serving as an archive of written works and drawings from Santana's childhood. In a profile with Rhizome, Santana tells Cepeda, "Rafia's World in its original form exists on my mother's website. It is a selection of memories written anecdotally that I illustrated at age six for the purpose of living on my mom's website as an art piece (my first net art!). It remains there unchanged ten years later. The new RAFiA's WORLD is a collection of illustrations I made for school assignments and leisure that spans the course of eight years, following my developing consciousness and growth as a kid and artist."
#POWERVHS (2016)
‘#POWERVHS' is a 9-artist visual mixtape that Santana compiled to empower black, brown women and queer femme/non-binary artists. It features video works by Hattie Ball, Michelle Marie Charles, Angelina Fernández, Reagan Holiday, María José, Nandi Loaf, Liz Mputu, Sondra Perry, and Santana herself. The compilation debuted at Disclaimer Gallery on 603 Bushwick Ave, Brooklyn and is available at Printed Matter.
#PAYBLACKTIME (2016-Present)
"#PAYBLACKTIME" is a grassroots initiative started by Santana to collect funds for food delivery through Seamless and Grubhub to marginal individuals who can't afford meals. In an interview with Vogue, writer Sandra Song summarizes its goal of turning racial allies' guilt into meaningful action: "...the #PAYBLACKTiME initiative, which allows the people asking "Well what can I do to help marginalized folks?" to manifest their intentions into something tangible — i.e. food for hungry black and brown people." In its first three months, #PAYBLACKTiME transferred over $6,000 in donations into meals purchased. The work is now archived in Rhizome's Net Art Anthology.
re:trospective (2018)
As a parody retrospective of emerging artists curated by maneul abreu, the exhibition featured artworks made by artists of colour in a storefront space located in the gentrified and trendy neighborhood of Bushwick. Of Santana's animation, critic Whitney Mallet writes, "Santana's video work, which saw digitally rendered faces, including the artist's and abreu's, morph and distort."
Midnight Moment residency (2019)
As part of Midnight Moment's residency, Santana created a multi-billboard animated video piece that would show for a minute every night for a month in New York in April 2019. Titled Dizzillusions -the same title as their coterminously released album-the installation featured RaFia's face animated amongst pink and purple backgrounds.
Dizillusions (2019)
Dizillusions is a rap and electronic EP released in April 2019 through Never Normal Records. Vogue writer Rachel Hahn observed that "the music video of track "Ain't Nothin'" directly references their Times Square installation with lyrics like, “I'm gonna make it big/I'mma see my name in all of them lights.”...which depicts Santana dancing in the middle of Times Square while their animated face takes over the billboards in the background."
References
New media artists
African-American musicians
Living people
African-American artists
1990 births
American multimedia artists
American video artists
Artists from Brooklyn
Musicians from Brooklyn
State University of New York at Purchase alumni
21st-century African-American people
Non-binary musicians
Birchville (until 1853, Johnson's Diggings) is a historic mining and agricultural community in Nevada County, California. Birchville is located about 10 miles northwest of Nevada City and about 2 miles northeast of French Corral. It is situated at an elevation of above sea level.
History
Originally called Johnson's Diggings, Birchville was established in 1851 by prospector David Johnson. That same year, the Miners' and Mechanics' Steam Sawmill was built, encouraging miners to locate in the area and a town to develop. In 1852, the first commercial building, a store and boarding house, was built. In 1853, the growing town was renamed Birchville, in honor of Lumon Birch Adsit, a local merchant.
Early mining days
Early mining relied on water from nearby creeks. In 1857, the Middle Yuba Canal reached Birchville, though its utility was delayed because the miners went on strike until the water rates were lowered to 30 cents per miners inch of water. Birchville soon became a center for hydraulic mining on the San Juan Ridge. In 1865, one paper commented: "We understand that more money is being taken out at Birchville than at all other points on the Ridge." That winter, the Birchville mines reportedly yielded $581,000 in gold. After 1870, water was also supplied by the Milton Mining and Water Company from its English Reservoir. In 1872, The Bed Rock Tunnel Company excavated a 2900 foot long bedrock tunnel shaft near Birchville, then the longest tunnel in the State, at a cost of $36,000.
The Roaring 60s
Birchville reached its heyday in the 1860s. Its population reached several hundred, of whom 87 voted in 1860. It boasted hotels, saloons, several stores, a blacksmith, a shoemaker and other amenities. It was connected by stage to Marysville and North San Juan. The first private school was opened in 1856 by Mrs. Newell; another was opened by Miss Lyon in 1862. A public school was opened in 1863 in a repurposed miner's cabin. In 1866, the Birchville School District was created. A one-room schoolhouse was built in 1874, complete with a 150 volume library. At one point, the school had 75 students. Birchville was connected to the world's first long distance telephone line, established in 1878, to link the mining communities around the San Juan Ridge.
St. Columcille's Church
In 1865, the San Juan and Bridgeport Union Guard, under the command of Captain Francis Coffey, built its armory in Birchville, which is midway between North San Juan and Bridgeport. The armory fell into disuse after the Civil War. In 1869, the armory building was purchased by Father Dalton. It became St. Columcille's Catholic Church and continued as a place of worship until 1955. In 1969, it was purchased by Bart "Babe" Pinaglia, known affectionately as Mr. San Juan, who donated the building to the State of California. It was dismantled, and in 1971, moved to Malakoff State Historic Park, some 15 miles further up the ridge, where it proudly stands today as a reminder of the colorful history of the San Juan Ridge.
The later years
By the late 1870s many of the local mines were played out, and miners began to move to richer mining areas. An 1880 history notes that "the leading claims have since worked out, and the village now contains a population of only half a hundred souls." By 1895, Birchville was "very quiet and only a vestige of what it formerly was." Gradually, agriculture became the lifeblood of Birchville. Today, little remains of the historic mining town, except for some scarred land, and the area is pleasantly agricultural and residential.
References
External links
Photo, hydraulic mining of the Kennebec Claim at Birchville, c. 1860
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Maria Cole ( Hawkins; August 1, 1922 – July 10, 2012) was an American jazz singer and the wife of singer Nat King Cole; mother of the singer Natalie Cole.
Early life
Cole was born in Boston and was the niece of Charlotte Hawkins Brown. Them father Mingo Hawkins was a letter carrier. Them mother Carol died while giving birth to their sister.
In 1943 they married Spurgeon Ellington, a member of the Tuskegee Airmen, the all-black unit of the Army Air Corps in World War II. They died during a training flight.
On March 28, 1948 (Easter Sunday), Maria married Nat King Cole. The Coles were married in Harlem's Abyssinian Baptist Church by Adam Clayton Powell Jr. They had five children: Natalie (1950–2015), who had a successful career as a singer; an adopted daughter, Carole (1944–2009, the daughter of Maria's sister), who died of lung cancer at the age of 64; an adopted son, Nat Kelly Cole (1959–1995), who died at the age of 36; and twin daughters, Casey and Timolin (born September 26, 1961), whose birth was announced in the "Milestones" column of Time magazine on October 6, 1961. Maria supported them during their final illness and stayed with them until their death.
Five years after the death of Nat King Cole, Maria Cole bought a house in Tyringham, Massachusetts, known as South House, where they raised their five children, including singer Natalie Cole.
Maria was married to screenwriter Gary DeVore from 1969 until their divorce in 1978.
Career
They were a jazz singer who worked with Count Basie and Duke Ellington, under the name Marie Ellington. They met Nat "King" Cole while they were both singing at the Zanzibar club.
They were co-hosted of a talk show, "Tempo," that aired on KHJ television in Los Angeles in the 1960s.
Death
Cole died in a nursing home in Boca Raton, Florida on July 10, 2012, at the age of 89, shortly after being diagnosed with cancer.
Discography
A Girl They Call Maria (Kapp, 1954)
Maria Cole (Dot, 1960)
Love Is a Special Feeling (Capitol, 1966)
References
External links
1922 births
2012 deaths
African-American women singers
American women jazz singers
American jazz singers
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
Deaths from cancer in Florida
Count Basie Orchestra members
Duke Ellington Orchestra members
Musicians from Boston
Nat King Cole
Jazz musicians from Massachusetts
Babylon 5: A Call to Arms is a 1999 American made-for-television film and the fourth film set in the Babylon 5 universe (not including the pilot, The Gathering). It was written by J. Michael Straczynski, directed by Mike Vejar, and originally aired on TNT on January 3, 1999, as one of two films shown over the 1998–1999 season to fill in the gap between the fifth season of Babylon 5 and the spin-off series Crusade.
Summary
Five years after the establishment of the Interstellar Alliance, President John Sheridan and Mr. Garibaldi rendezvous in deep space to oversee the completion of IAS Excalibur, and IAS Victory, the first in a series of prototype destroyers using technology reverse engineered from the Vorlon–Minbari technology of the White Stars. En route to the firing range, Sheridan is visited in a dream by Galen, who shows them graphic images of Daltron 7, a world destroyed by a massive attack.
An alien thief named Dureena Nafeel (Carrie Dobro) arrives on Babylon 5 in search of the Thieves Guild, to which they belong.  They are captured by their agents, and, upon revealing their credentials, is allowed to ply their trade provided they abide by their rules. In their sleep, they are visited by Galen who warns them to choose a target wisely when the time comes.
On the firing range, construction supervisor Lionel Drake demonstrates the capabilities of the Excalibur's Vorlon-influenced enhanced weapons system: the ship channels energy from its entire body to capacitance and channels it in a single burst of very powerful energy; the firing, however, leaves the ship underpowered for a recovery period of one minute. During the test, Sheridan is visited by Galen in a waking dream. Galen informs them that while the Technomages will remain in hiding for another 20–30 years, they still watch the galaxy, and have learned of an impending attack on Earth by the Drakh: a vicious race formerly allied with the Shadows who seek revenge for the part humans have played in defeating them in the war, destroying their homeworld of Z'ha'dum and forming the Alliance, which thwarts their ambitions. Galen provides them with descriptions of three individuals who will meet them at Babylon 5 to assist him, but explicitly warns them to never explain their actions or mission to anyone under any circumstances.
Sheridan cuts the test short and travels to Babylon 5, where they provide descriptions to security, who quickly apprehend Dureena. Captain Anderson (Tony Todd) of the EarthForce destroyer Charon, arrives and meets with Sheridan and Dureena; all have been alerted to each other by Galen. Dureena turns out to be a refugee from Zander Prime, a world destroyed during the Shadow War by a Shadow Planet Killer; they initially blame Sheridan for their inaction, but upon learning of the Drakh, realizes that they are responsible for what occurred. The team sneaks out of Babylon 5 during the night on Charon, and they travel to the shipyards and take Excalibur and Victory out to visit Daltron 7. They arrive to find the once pristine world scorched to ruin and they discover the body of the fourth member of their party, a Drazi, on the surface. The Drazi's records indicate that Daltron 7 was destroyed by the Drakh less than a week before in a test as a prelude to their attack on Earth, confirming that the Drakh are in possession of a Shadow planet killer. Meanwhile, Mr. Garibaldi catches up to the shipyard, and reluctantly takes Mr. Drake with them in pursuit of Sheridan.
Sheridan and Anderson are approached by a small Drakh fleet, who inquire about their identities and intentions. The Drakh suddenly receive a powerful encoded message and begin to flee; Excalibur and Victory pursue them only to find the entire Drakh fleet departing for Earth. After a short battle, they escape and contact Babylon 5, informing Captain Lochley (Tracy Scoggins) to alert EarthGov to mobilize their entire fleet. Sheridan contacts Garibaldi about the fleet and informs them about a possible informant; upon realizing the transmission came from their ship, Garibaldi discovers that Drake – a Mars citizen resentful of Earth's prejudice against Mars-born citizens – is the informant. Drake is subdued and forced to release the details of the Drakh attack fleet.
Sheridan and Anderson arrive in Earth space just ahead of the Drakh fleet and organize the Earth and Alliance fleets assembled to repel the attack, and a massive battle ensues when the Drakh emerge. During the conflict, Sheridan and Anderson venture into the Shadow planet killer in search of a primary component: the device is a well defended planet-sized web of interconnecting joints filled with core-penetrating nuclear warheads. Dureena uses their guile to correctly isolate the master control hub just as Victorys weapon systems are irreparably damaged. Anderson and their crew plow Victory directly into the control hub, and the planet killer activates prematurely. The Earth and Alliance ships escape just as the planet killer destroys itself and most of the Drakh assault fleet. However, the last remaining Drakh ships bypass the defense grid and plunge into Earth orbit, releasing a black gaseous weapon that enshrouds the Earth.
On Babylon 5, Sheridan reports to Lochley that the Earth has been contaminated by a biological weapon engineered by the Shadows; experts calculate that the plague will adapt to human physiology and kill all life on Earth inside of five years unless a cure is found. Determined to save the planet, Sheridan turns Excalibur into a research vessel, armed with the best experts that can be found to search the galaxy for other races and technologies who may possess the knowledge that can lead to a cure. Galen arrives on the station to assist in the mission.
Other information
A Call to Arms acts as a sequel to Babylon 5 and a prelude to the Babylon 5 spin-off series Crusade. It introduces two prominent characters for the cast of Crusade, Galen and Dureena Nafeel, as well as the ship IAS Excalibur. The final scenes set up the basic premise of Crusade.
Novelization
A novelization of the film written by Robert Sheckley was published in 1999.
References
External links
Call to Arms
1999 television films
1999 films
TNT Network original films
Films set in the 23rd century
American science fiction television films
1999 science fiction films
Films based on television series
Television films based on television series
American science fiction action films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
The was held on 30 December 2019.
Presents
Tao Tsuchiya
Shinichiro Azumi (TBS Announcer)
Winners
Grand Prix
Foorin – Paprika
Artist: foorin
Lyrics: Kenshi Yonezu
Composition & arranger: Kenshi Yonezu
Producer: Kenshi Yonezu
Excellent Work Awards
Little Glee Monster – ECHO
Daichi Miura – Katasumi
Keyakizaka46 – Kuroi Hitsuji
AKB48 – Sustainable
Junretsu – Junretsu no Happy Birthday
Nogizaka46 – Sing Out!
Kiyoshi Hikawa – Daijoubu
Hinatazaka46 – Doremisolatido
DA PUMP – P.A.R.T.Y. ~Universe Festival~
Foorin – Paprika
Album of the Year
The Yellow Monkey – 9999
Excellence Album Award
Eikichi Yazawa – Itsuka, Sono Hi ga Kuru Hi made…
Aimyon – Momentary Sixth Sense
King Gnu – Sympa
Rimi Natsukawa – Churasa Kanasa
Special Award
Masaki Suda
Mariya Takeuchi
Kenshi Yonezu
Best Vocal Performance
Yukino Ichikawa
Best New Artist
Beyooooonds
New Artist Awards
Ryouta Kaizou
Leon Niihama
BEYOOOOONDS
Ryuusei
Composition Award
Takafumi Iwasaki (Kiyoshi Hikawa – "Genkai Toppa×Survivor")
Lyrics Award
Shinichi Ishihara (Takeshi Matsubara – "Saihoku Cinema" / Yukino Ichikawa – "Yuki Renge")
Arrangement Award
Takuya Ōhashi, Shintarō Tokita (Sukima Switch – "Seishun")
Planning Award
Hiroko Moriguchi – Gundam Song Covers
Kaho Takada – Daikoukai 2020 ~Koi yori Suki ja, Dame desuka? ver.~
Naomi Chiaki – Bigin
Ran Itō – My Bouquet
Jaejoong – Love Covers
Golden Bomber – Reiwa
Japan Composer's Association Award
Midori Oka
Achievement Award
Katsuko Kanai
Mari Sono
Munetaka Hakamada
Billy BanBan
Lifetime Achievement Award
Mieko Arima
Yuya Uchida
Kazuya Senke
Kenichi Hagiwara
References
2019
2019 music awards
2019 in Japanese music
A hossu (払子, Chinese: Fuzi, 拂子; Sanskrit: vālavyajana) is a short staff of wood or bamboo with bundled hair (of a cow, horse, or yak) or hemp wielded by a Zen Buddhist priest. Often described as a "fly whisk" or "fly shooer", the stick is believed to protect the wielder from desire and also works as a way of ridding areas of flies without killing them. The hossu is regarded as symbolic of a Zen teacher's authority to teach and transmit Buddha Dharma to others, and is frequently passed from one teacher to the next.
References
Zen
Bartlettsville is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Run Township, Lawrence County, Indiana, United States.
History
Bartlettsville was platted in 1860 by Samuel J. Bartlett, and named for him. A post office was established at Bartlettsville in 1886, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1905.
Geography
Bartlettsville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The LA Bowl is an annual NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) college football bowl game played at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California, inaugurated on December 18, 2021. The bowl has tie-ins with the Mountain West and Pac-12 conferences. The game is currently branded as the Jimmy Kimmel LA Bowl presented by Stifel, with late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel holding the game's naming rights and Stifel as its presenting sponsor.
History
The Mountain West Conference and Pac-12 Conference announced tie-ins for the new bowl in July 2019, under a five-year agreement. The game was officially unveiled in February 2020. It matches up the Mountain West champion (or the next-highest pick available if the conference champion is selected for the New Year's Six) against the fifth pick from the Pac-12. Previously, the Mountain West champion had received an automatic bid to the Las Vegas Bowl. The game is owned and operated by the owners of SoFi Stadium, StadCo LA, LLC.
Three weeks before the scheduled bowl game debut on December 30, 2020, the game was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
On June 16, 2021, the game was renamed the Jimmy Kimmel LA Bowl as part of a naming rights agreement with comedian and late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel. Announcing the renaming on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Kimmel remarked that "never before has a bowl game been named after a human being (as far as I know, I didn't check)." The game is the first bowl named for a living figure; other bowls have been named in honor of deceased people:
The Will Rogers Bowl was held in Oklahoma City in 1947 as a memorial to actor Will Rogers, who died in 1935
The Grantland Rice Bowl was contested in the NCAA's College Division (1964–1972) and Division II (1973–1977), in honor of sportswriter Grantland Rice, who died in 1954
The Knute Rockne Bowl was also played in the NCAA's College Division (1969–1972) and Division II (1976–1977), named for coach Knute Rockne, who died in 1931
The NCAA Division III Football Championship, also known as the Amos Alonzo Stagg Bowl, has been played in the NCAA's Division III since 1973, named for football pioneer and multiple college championship coach Amos Alonzo Stagg, who died in 1965.
The investment bank Stifel was later added as a presenting sponsor.
Game results
MVPs
Appearances by team
Updated through the December 2021 edition (1 game, 2 total appearances).
Teams with a single appearance
Won: Utah State
Lost: Oregon State
Appearances by conference
Updated through the December 2021 edition (1 game, 2 total appearances).
Game records
Media
Television
The 2021 game was televised by ABC.
Radio
References
External links
Official website
Annual sporting events in the United States
College football bowls
American football in Inglewood, California
LA Bowl
Recurring sporting events established in 2021
2021 establishments in California
In enzymology, a 16-hydroxysteroid epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
16alpha-hydroxysteroid 16beta-hydroxysteroid
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 16alpha-hydroxysteroid, and one product, 16beta-hydroxysteroid.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on other compounds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 16-hydroxysteroid 16-epimerase.
References
EC 5.1.99
Enzymes of unknown structure
Threshold is a 1981 Canadian drama/science fiction film directed by Richard Pearce and starring Donald Sutherland and Jeff Goldblum. The film was nominated for ten Genie Awards in 1983 and won two of them. Sutherland also won the best actor at the 1982 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival for their performance. Threshold was filmed on location at the then newly constructed Ottawa General Hospital.
Plot
Respected cardiac surgeon Dr. Thomas Vrain performs a risky operation to provide a patient with the first artificial heart ever implanted in a human subject.
They and their colleague, research scientist Dr. Aldo Gehring, consider the risks and weigh the odds as time runs out for Carol Severance, the patient. Severance will die unless the experimental surgery is done quickly and succeeds.
Cast
Donald Sutherland as Dr. Thomas Vrain
Jeff Goldblum as Dr. Aldo Gehring
Sharon Acker as Tilla Vrain
Mare Winningham as Carol Severance
John Marley as Edgar Fine
Allan Nicholls as Dr. Basil Rents
References
External links
1981 films
Canadian science fiction films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by Richard Pearce
Films scored by Maribeth Solomon
Films scored by Micky Erbe
1980s English-language films
1980s Canadian films
Dmitri Nikolayevich Ulyanov (; born 28 October 1970) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.  They are the general director of FC Khimki.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Top League in 1991 for FC Torpedo Moscow.
Honours
Soviet Top League bronze: 1991.
Israeli Premier League champion: 1999
Israeli Premier League 3rd place: 1998, 2001.
Soviet Cup finalist: 1991.
Russian Cup winner: 1993.
European club competitions
UEFA Cup 1991–92 with FC Torpedo Moscow: 4 games.
UEFA Cup 1992–93 with FC Torpedo Moscow: 4 games.
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup 1993–94 with FC Torpedo Moscow: 2 games.
UEFA Cup 1996–97 with PFC CSKA Moscow: 1 game.
UEFA Champions League 1999–2000 qualification with Hapoel Haifa F.C.: 2 games.
References
1970 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
FC Torpedo Moscow players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Racing de Santander players
Hapoel Haifa F.C. players
Beitar Jerusalem F.C. players
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
La Liga players
Israeli Premier League players
Maccabi Ahi Nazareth F.C. players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Association football midfielders
Russian football managers
"Kaddish" also known as "Kaddish for Naomi Ginsberg (1894–1956)" is a poem by Beat writer Allen Ginsberg about their mother Naomi and their death on June 9, 1956.
Background
Ginsberg began writing the poem in the Beat Hotel in Paris in December 1957, completing it in New York in 1959. It was the lead poem in the collection Kaddish and Other Poems (1961). It is considered one of Ginsberg's finest poems, with some scholars holding that it is their best.
The Kaddish of the title refers to the mourner's prayer or blessing in Judaism. This long poem was Ginsberg's attempt to mourn their mother, Naomi, but also reflects their sense of loss at their estrangement from their born religion. The traditional Kaddish contains no references to death, but Ginsberg's poem is riddled with thoughts and questionings of death.
Stage version
Ginsberg wrote a screenplay based on the poem. Robert Frank was to direct it, but money could not be raised for the project. In 1972, Robert Kalfin readapted the screenplay for the stage and produced it at the Chelsea Theater Center in the Brooklyn Academy of Music. The play explored Naomi Ginsberg's schizophrenic collapse and made use of innovative video for flashback scenes.
There is a detailed description of this production and of behind-the-scenes incidents surrounding it in Davi Napoleon's chronicle of the Chelsea, Chelsea on the Edge: The Adventures of an American Theater (1991). Kalfin's adaptation was also staged in the Habima theater in Israel, translated by Nathan Zach and starring Yoram Khatav as Allen and Gila Almagor as Naomi. In June 2014 the play was adapted as a one actor play "Watching from Window" and premiered in "Israel Festival".
Notes
Kaddish (קדיש Aramaic: "holy") refers to an important and central prayer in the Jewish prayer service. The central theme of the Kaddish is the magnification and sanctification of God's name. In the liturgy, several variations of the Kaddish are used functionally as separators between various sections of the service. The term "Kaddish" is often used to refer specifically to "The Mourners' Kaddish", said as part of the mourning rituals in Judaism in all prayer services as well as at funerals and memorials. When mention is made of "saying Kaddish", this unambiguously denotes the rituals of mourning.
A line from the poem, "No more to say and nothing to weep for", was later used as the title of a 1997 Channel 4 documentary on Ginsberg released shortly after their death.
References
Poetry by Allen Ginsberg
1961 poems
American poems
The Chong Jargylchak (, ) is a river in Jeti-Ögüz District of Issyk-Kul Region of Kyrgyzstan. It rises on north slopes of Teskey Ala-Too Range and flows into lake Issyk-Kul. The length of the river is and the basin area . Average annual discharge is . The maximum flow is and the minimum - . According to recent study conducted by Central-Asian Institute for Applied Geosciences the average annual discharge of the river increased to (at gauging station Chong Jargylchak) over the period of 1994–2016, which is 153% higher than during monitoring period from 1940 to 1993, i.e. due to climate change factors.
References
Rivers of Kyrgyzstan
Tributaries of Issyk-Kul
The "GDD CUP" International Challenger Guangzhou (formerly known as ATP Challenger Guangzhou and China International Guangzhou) has been a tennis tournament held in Guangzhou, China. The event was held in 2008 as part of the ATP Challenger Series and in 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It was played on hard courts.
The record holder is Alexander Kudryavtsev with two double title.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
ATP Challenger Tour
Tennis tournaments in China
Hard court tennis tournaments
Blackwell Farm is the name of one of the estates situated on the Hog's Back, on the West side of Guildford. Located in the parish of Compton, the historical farm is currently a controversial issue as part of the Guildford Borough Council's Local Plan consultation.
History
A farm already stood at Blackwell in the 17th century while the estate was included in the Down Place estate (also called Down Farm).
Notable owners
Bought by the railway engineer William Frederick Faviell in 1859, the area of Blackwell Farm was then 345 acres. Faviell decided to farm the land themselves and hired Henry Peak to design their Model Farm in an industrial form unusual for this part of the country.
In 1905, the estate was 636 acres. It became the property of John Cawsey Dennis, co-founder of Dennis Specialist Vehicles, a vehicle manufacturer in Guildford.
The property during the Second World War
After 1940, the Royal Army Service Corps which trained at Aldershot occupied the building. Also used by the Canadian Army, the farm was finally converted into flats for wartime evacuees by the Guildford Rural District Council.
Aircraft crash
In 1952 a United States Air Force North American F-86 Sabre and a Royal Air Force Gloster Meteor collided at 25,000 ft over Guildford. The two Cold War jet fighters were exercising when the collision occurred. The Sabre had taken off from Soesterberg in the Netherlands and was simulating a Soviet bomber attacking London.
The Sabre crashed into a field of growing rye at Blackwell Farm about 150 yards from the nearest building and left a crater 30 feet in diameter. Capt. Milton Gray Whitford, the pilot, ejected from their aircraft before the crash and landed in the garden of a house in Ripley with only cuts on theirs face.
Recent controversies
Bought in 1986 by the University of Surrey to become the residence of the Vice-Chancellor, the estate of Blackwell Farm is now a controversial topic since its owner has announced its plan to build approximately 2,000 new homes on the green belt land.
As part of the Guildford Borough Council's Local Plan, the University has submitted its idea for a “Garden Neighbourhood” in the west of Guildford. The proposal includes a railway station and a park-and-ride along with new houses.
It has been criticized by local residents such as the Save Hogs Back campaigners who see the development plan like a threat for the Hog's Back given the southern part of the site is designated as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
References
External links
Guildford Borough Council
Save Hogs Back
University of Surrey
Buildings and structures in Guildford
Here follows a list of notable people associated with Occidental College in Los Angeles, California. This list includes alumni, attendees, faculty, and presidents of the university.
Notable graduates and attendees
Business and industry
John Branca (entertainment industry lawyer)
Norton Clapp (an original owner of Space Needle)
Stephen Cooper (CEO of Warner Music Group)
W. Don Cornwell (CEO of Granite Broadcasting)
Marsha J. Evans (CEO of American Red Cross, Navy admiral)
Frank Hershey (automotive designer)
Arthur Peck (CEO of Gap Inc.)
Linda Bradford Raschke (commodities and futures trader)
Entertainment and the arts
Ben Affleck (actor, director, screenwriter)
Stephen Beal (visual artist)
Ashly Burch (actor)
John Callas (writer, director, producer)
August Coppola (academic, author, film executive and advocate for the arts)
Glenn Corbett (television actor)
Gabriela Cowperthwaite (documentary filmmaker, Blackfish)
Will Friedle (actor)
Terry Gilliam (animator and comedian in Monty Python comedy troupe; filmmaker: Brazil, 12 Monkeys, others)
Joanna Gleason (actor)
Mike Hoover (cameraman, journalist, documentarian, winner of Academy and Emmy Awards)
Terry Kitchen (musician)
Loren Lester (actor)
Thomas Murray (organist)
George Nader (actor)
Marcel Ophüls (filmmaker)
Emily Osment (actor; Class of 2015)
Cooper Raiff (actor, director)
Joe Rohde (Imagineer)
Peter Scolari (actor)
Jake Shears (lead singer of Scissor Sisters)
Anna Slotky (actor)
Dan Slott (comic book writer)
Kirsten Smith (screenwriter, Ten Things I Hate About You, Legally Blonde, The Ugly Truth)
Roger Guenveur Smith (actor)
Rider Strong (actor)
Taku Takahashi (musician)
Maurissa Tancharoen (actor, singer, dancer, television writer and lyricist)
Jesús Salvador Treviño (television director)
Tui St. George Tucker (composer)
Luke Wilson (actor)
Government, diplomacy, and law
Kathy Augustine (U.S. politician from Nevada)
Alphonzo E. Bell, Jr. (U.S. Congressman)
David S. Cunningham, Jr. (Los Angeles City Council member, 1973–87)
Gloria Duffy (President and CEO of The Commonwealth Club, former Deputy Asst Sec Def, and Special Coordinator for Cooperative Threat Reduction)
Richard Falkenrath (former deputy homeland security advisor)
Robert Finch (Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare 1969—1970, Lieutenant Governor of California 1967—1969)
U. Alexis Johnson (U.S. diplomat)
Jack Kemp (AFL and NFL player from 1958–1970, U.S. Representative from New York 1971-1989, U.S. Secretary Department of Housing and Urban Development 1989-1993, Republican Vice Presidential nominee in 1996) Awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom, 2009.
David M. Louie (Attorney General of Hawaii)
Pete McCloskey (U.S. Representative 1967-83)
Jacqueline Nguyen (federal judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit)
Chris Norby (California State Assemblyman)
Barack Obama (44th President of the United States)
Dennis R. Patrick (Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, 1987 - 1989)
Thomas M. Rees (U.S. Congressman)
Janette Sadik-Khan (commissioner, New York City Department of Transportation)
Janis Lynn Sammartino (federal judge, United States District Court for the Southern District of California)
Mark S. Scarberry (professor of law at Pepperdine University School of Law)
Kristina A Kvien (Chargé d'Affaires ad interim, U.S. Embassy Kyiv)
Grant Woods (Arizona Attorney General)
Higher education and academia
Coit D. Blacker (Political Science Professor at Stanford University)
Glenn S. Dumke (history professor and chancellor of the California State University)
Sharon Gaber (President of the University of Toledo)
Karen L. Gould (President of Brooklyn College)
Lewis Sargentich (legal scholar at Harvard Law School)
Journalism
Bessie Beatty (1886-1947), reported on Russian Revolution
Steve Coll (former Washington Post managing editor, Pulitzer Prize winner)
Andrea Elliott (reporter for The New York Times, Pulitzer Prize winner)
Chris Gulker (photographer)
Margot Mifflin (professor of journalism, feminist cultural critic)
James Andrew Miller reporter for Washington Post, author of oral histories on ESPN, CAA
Patt Morrison (NPR radio personality and columnist for the Los Angeles Times)
Sam Rubin (KTLA entertainment anchor)
Literature and writing
Mark Dery (author and cultural critic)
M. F. K. Fisher (writer)
Robinson Jeffers (poet)
Scott O'Dell (author, Newbery Award winner)
Carrie Vaughn (writer)
Gladys Waddingham (teacher and local historian)
Rosalind Wiseman (writer)
Medicine
David G. Armstrong (physician/medical researcher)
Howard Judd (medical researcher)
Science
Brent Dalrymple (geologist and National Medal of Science winner)
William Goddard (engineer)
Edmund C. Jaeger (naturalist, author, teacher)
J. P. Mallory (archaeologist)
John E. McCosker (ichthyologist)
Fred Lawrence Whipple (astronomer)
Social action, philanthropy, and community service
Howard Ahmanson, Jr (philanthropist, financier, and writer)
Cameron Townsend (founder, Wycliffe Bible Translators and Summer Institute of Linguistics)
Rex Weyler (author, journalist, ecologist and co-founder of Greenpeace International; did not graduate)
Sports and athletics
Keith Beebe, football player
Ron Botchan, five-time Super Bowl official for NFL from 1980 to 2002
Olin Browne, PGA Tour winner
Dean Cromwell, USC and Olympic track-and-field coach
Luke Collis, arena football player
Joe Faust, Olympic high jumper
Justin Goltz, NFL/CFL quarterback
Bob Gutowski, pole vaulter, 1956 Olympic silver medalist
Jack Kemp, AFL and NFL star quarterback of Buffalo Bills
Sammy Lee, two-time Olympic gold medalist in diving
Jim Mora, Sr., coached NFL's New Orleans Saints and Indianapolis Colts
Vance Mueller, NFL running back
Bill Redell, college and pro quarterback, high school coach
Johnny Sanders, NFL general manager
Danny Southwick, arena football player
Jim Tunney, NFL official from 1960–1991; three Super Bowls
Notable faculty
Martha Ronk, Price Professor of English Literature, is a 2005 PEN American Center Literary Award winner in poetry.
Peter Dreier, Dr. E.P. Clapp Distinguished Professor of Politics and director of the Urban and Environmental Policy Department, was the Director of Housing at the Boston Redevelopment Authority and senior policy advisor to Boston Mayor Ray Flynn for nine years.
Eric Garcetti, former assistant professor of Diplomacy and World Affairs; currently mayor of Los Angeles
George R. Goldner, art historian, Drue Heinz Chairman of the Department of Drawings and Paints of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Julia Holter, singer-songwriter, record producer, composer, artist; appointed Professor of the Practice of Songwriting in 2021.
Derek Shearer, director of the McKinnon Center for Global Affairs and Chevalier Professor of Diplomacy and World Affairs, is former United States Ambassador to Finland.
Presidents
Samuel H. Weller (1887–1891)
J. Melville McPherron (1892–1894)
Elbert Nevius Condit (1894–1896)
James W. Parkhill (1896–1897)
Guy W. Wadsworth (1897–1905)
William Stewart Young (1905–1906, acting)
John Willis Baer (1906–1916)
Thomas Gregory Burt (1916–1917)
Silas Evans (1917–1920)
Thomas Gregory Burt (1920–1921, acting)
Remsen Bird (1921–1927, 1928–1945)
Robert G. Cleland (1927–1928, acting)
Arthur G. Coons (1945–1965)
Richard C. Gilman (1965–1988)
John Brooks Slaughter (1988–1999)
Theodore R. Mitchell (1999–2005)
Kenyon S. Chan (2005–2006, acting)
Susan Westerberg Prager (2006–2007)
Robert Skotheim (2008–2009)
Jonathan Veitch (2009–2020)
Harry J. Elam Jr. (2020–present)
References
Occidental College
Latex allergy is a medical term encompassing a range of allergic reactions to the proteins present in natural rubber latex. It generally develops after repeated exposure to products containing natural rubber latex. When latex-containing medical devices or supplies come in contact with mucous membranes, the membranes may absorb latex proteins. In some susceptible people, the immune system produces antibodies that react immunologically with these antigenic proteins. Many items contain or are made from natural rubber, including shoe soles, pen grips, hot water bottles, elastic bands, rubber gloves, condoms, baby-bottle nipples, and balloons; consequently, there are many possible routes of exposure that may trigger a reaction. People with latex allergies may also have or develop allergic reactions to some fruits, such as bananas.
Signs and symptoms
Allergic reactions to latex range from Type I hypersensitivity, the most serious form of reaction, to Type IV hypersensitivity. Rate of onset is directly proportional to the degree of allergy: Type I responses will begin showing symptoms within minutes of exposure to latex, while Type IV responses may take hours or days to appear.
Most commonly, latex allergy presents with hives at the point of contact, followed by rhinitis. The most common physiological reaction to latex exposure is dermatitis at the point of contact, which gives way to soreness, itching, and redness. Angioedema is also a common response to oral, vaginal, or rectal contact.
Symptoms of more severe hypersensitivity include both local and generalized hives; feelings of faintness or impending doom; angioedema; nausea and vomiting; abdominal cramps; rhinitis; bronchospasm; and anaphylaxis. Type IV responses typically include erythema, blistering (forming vesicles and papules), itching, and crusting at the point of contact. This irritant contact dermatitis is considered a nonimmune reaction to latex. The degree of reaction is directly proportional to the duration of exposure, as well as skin temperature.
Among those with a latex allergy, 40% will experience irritant contact dermatitis; 33.1% will experience a Type I allergic reaction; 20.4% will experience Type IV allergic contact dermatitits; and 6.5% will experience both Type I and Type IV symptoms.
Causes
Occupational exposure
Compared to the general population, occupational populations that frequently utilize latex gloves as barrier protection (such as healthcare professionals and hospital staff) see disproportionately high levels of allergy. Workers in these environments are exposed to latex allergens both through direct skin contact and from contaminated aerosolized powder from gloves, toy balloons, or any other dusted latex material. Occupational settings where employees are frequently putting on and pulling off powdered latex gloves, such as hospitals and other health care settings, increase the rate of airborne latex allergens and subsequent sensitivity. Hospital workers are particularly at risk due to the prevalence of latex not just in gloves but in a number of other hospital implements, such as tourniquets, elastic bandages, bag valve masks, and urinary catheters. Other occupations that see increased exposure to latex gloves and other supplies, and have higher rates of latex allergy or irritation compared to the general population, include hairdressers, housekeeping personnel, food service workers, and manufacturers in the industrial rubber industry.
Alternative latex exposure
While most reported allergic reactions to latex have occurred in medical settings, non-healthcare workers show similar levels of latex antibodies, suggesting that they are sensitized to natural rubber latex through other sources, both inside the home and as medical patients. In particular, individuals with chronic health concerns that lead to repeated surgeries or catheterizations thus experience greater exposure to latex allergens and may develop an allergy. Outside of hospital environments, latex allergy may develop in amateur and professional athletes whose sports equipment includes natural rubber, such as swimsuits or running shoes. Rubber basketballs, in particular, may lead to contact dermatitis on the hands and fingertips. The sensitization to latex in athletes may be accelerated by the use of topical analgesics and other agents that diminish the skin barrier and increase contact. It has also been hypothesized that young children may develop a latex allergy due to exposure in the home and school environment from objects such as rubber balloons, boots, gloves, and toys.
Spina bifida
People with spina bifida often have latex allergies. Up to 68% of children with this condition will have a reaction to latex.
Related allergies
People who have latex allergy also may have or develop an allergic response to some plants and/or products of these plants (such as fruits). This is known as the latex-fruit syndrome. Fruits (and seeds) involved in this syndrome include banana, avocado, chestnut, kiwifruit, mango, passionfruit, fig, strawberry, papaya, apple, melon, celery, potato, tomato, carrot, and soy. The proteins in these fruits are similar to latex proteins.
Hevein-like protein domains are a possible cause for allergen cross-reactivity between latex and banana or fruits in general.
Natural rubber latex contains several conformational epitopes located on several enzymes such as Hev b 1, Hev b 2, Hev b 4, Hev b 5 and Hev b 6.02.
FITkit is a latex allergen testing method for quantification of the major natural rubber latex (NRL) specific allergens: Hev b 1, Hev b 3, Hev b 5, and Hev b 6.02.
Prevention
The most effective form of primary prevention towards latex sensitization is limiting or completely avoiding contact with latex, particularly among children with risk factors such as spina bifida. The limitation of powdered latex glove use in hospital settings has also proven an effective primary prevention strategy among adult health care workers, and as secondary prevention for sensitized individuals.
Epidemiology
Latex allergy is uncommon in the general population, at least compared to high-risk groups such as hospital workers and spina bifida patients. Estimates suggest a worldwide prevalence of around 4.3% among the general population. Between 1% and 6% of the general population in the United States has latex allergy; assays of antibody levels in the blood suggest that 2.7 million to 16 million Americans are affected by some form of latex sensitivity. Females are approximately three times as likely as males to have latex allergies. Possible risk factors for the female population include increased employment in high-risk occupations and enhanced histamine release caused by female hormones.
Alternatives
Alternatives to latex include:
Synthetic rubbers (such as elastane, neoprene, nitrile) and artificially synthesized polyisoprene latex, which do not contain the proteins from the Hevea brasiliensis tree.
Products made from guayule natural rubber emulsions, which also do not contain the proteins from the Hevea rubber tree, and do not cause allergy in persons sensitized to Hevea proteins.
Alternative materials like Vytex which reduce exposure to latex allergens while otherwise retaining the properties of natural rubber; these are made using chemical treatment to reduce the amount of antigenic proteins in Hevea latex.
Polyurethane.
The first polyurethane condoms, designed for people with latex allergies, were produced in 1994.
Some people are so sensitive that they may still have a reaction to replacement products made from alternative materials. This can occur when the alternative products are manufactured in the same facility as latex-containing products, leaving trace quantities of natural rubber latex on the non-latex products.
See also
Food allergy
Food intolerance
List of allergies
Oral allergy syndrome
References
External links
The American Latex Allergy Association
UK Latex Allergy Support Group
Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America
Allergology
Sensitivities
Rubber properties
Occupational safety and health
The Podgorica Railway Station () is a railway station located in Podgorica, Montenegro.
The first railway station in Podgorica was built in 1927 near the clock tower in the Stara Varoš (Old Town) part of the city, some away from the current station. The current station was built after World War II, and it was upgraded gradually to its current shape and capacity up until the 1970s.
It is the only train station located in Podgorica, and serves as a hub for Railways of Montenegro. The Belgrade–Bar railway converges with the line to Nikšić and line to Shkodër at the station. The station is a through station, located on a trunk line that bisects Podgorica in a north–south direction.
The station building was not planned as a permanent passenger station, but rather as an administration and control centre for the Montenegrin railway system. The passenger terminal was meant to be built as a separate building. However, due to the lack of funds, the current building is still serving as a provisional passenger terminal. Thus, the waiting room, restaurant, ticket booths and retail facilities are of inadequate capacity, and the quality of service is subpar when compared to the main stations of cities of similar size.
There are three tracks for passenger service, served by one side platform adjacent to the terminal building, and one island platform, with a pedestrian crossing between the two. The area further from the station terminal building is occupied by the largest rail yard in Montenegro, where there are numerous service, repair, freight and other facilities used by the various Montenegrin railway companies. The large area surrounding the station, coupled with the headquarters and operational services situated in the station building, make up the heart of the Montenegrin railway system.
References
Transport in Podgorica
Railway stations in Montenegro
Railway stations opened in 1927
Albert Joseph Lepore Sr. (January 10, 1941 – September 19, 2010) was an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives from 1969 to 1981, representing North Providence in the 6th district.
Early life
Lepore was born on January 10, 1941 and attended Pawtucket West High School, which they graduated from in 1959. Lepore attended Providence College and graduated in 1963, and received their Juris Doctor from the Suffolk University Law School in 1966.
Political career
Lepore was elected as a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives, representing the 6th district, in 1968. They took office on January 3, 1969. Lepore served for six terms, retiring in 1980 and being succeeded by future Rhode Island Senate President, Dominick J. Ruggerio.
Lepore served as a member of the House Finance Committee.
In 1992, Lepore encouraged John DeSimone to run for the 6th district House of Representatives seat, as the incumbent, Thomas Rossi, who had beaten Lepore's son for the House seat eight years prior.
Personal life
Lepore was married to Celia Pontarelli in 1962. They had three children together.
Lepore was a member of the Laborers' International Union of North America, the Sons of Italy, and the Knights of Columbus.
In 1971, Lepore co-founded the Law Offices of Coia and Lepore, Ltd, with future general-president of the Laborers' International Union of North America, Arthur A. Coia. Lepore served as president of the Law Offices of Coia and Lepore for over 30 years. Lepore was a member of the Rhode Island Bar Association, the Rhode Island Trial Lawyers Association, the American Judicature Society, the American Bar Association, the U.S. District Court Bar, and the U.S. Supreme Court Bar.
In 1981, a federal grand jury in Miami indicted Lepore in a racketeering plot in the Laborers' International Union of North America. By 1982, all charges were dropped.
Lepore died in their home on September 19, 2010.
References
1941 births
2010 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Providence College alumni
Suffolk University alumni
American politicians of Italian descent
Members of the Rhode Island House of Representatives
Politicians from Providence, Rhode Island
Rhode Island Democrats
Catholics from Rhode Island
"Un Poco De Tu Amor" (English: "A Little Bit of Your Love") is a song by Mexican pop group RBD, released as the fourth single from their debut album Rebelde (2004), only in Mexico. The song became the group's fourth hit in the country.
It was meant to be the album's second single, but was replaced by "Solo Quédate En Silencio" due to the radio airplay and marketing. It became their first to be a radio single.
The song has a version in Portuguese called "Um Pouco Desse Amor" (Eng: "A Little Bit of This Love"), released in the Portuguese edition of their debut album.
2005 singles
RBD songs
Spanish-language songs
2004 songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by DJ Kafka
Songs written by Max di Carlo
Song recordings produced by Armando Ávila
Lee Nam-su (born 21 May 1976) is a South Korean handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
South Korean female handball players
Olympic handball players of South Korea
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Handball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
The 1897 Greensburg Athletic Association season was their eighth season in existence. The team finished 10–1.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
The AJW Summit is a British high specification motorcycle made by AJW Motorcycles in Exeter between 1927 and 1931, when production was ended by the great depression.
Development
Founded by motorcycle enthusiast Arthur John Wheaton in 1926 using their initials 'AJW', the company began production in the maintenance workshops of the family printing works in Friernhay Street Exeter, UK. Using a high performance 996cc V-twin British Anzani engine built by Eric Burt and Archie Frazer-Nash at the British Anzani Engineering Company in Kingston upon Thames, where they also produced the v twin engine for Morgan cyclecars, Montgomery Motorcycles and OEC as well as AJW.
The full duplex tubular loop frame of the AJW Summit were specially made for AJW by engineers at the Brough Superior workshops in Haydn Road Nottingham, England. AJW motorcycles were very expensive, hand built to customers requirements and well made. The 996cc AJW Summit was capable of . With an unusual aerodynamic 'torpedo' fuel tank, the engine had double exhaust pipes down each side. Enthusiast owners included Brooklands racing champions and record holders Claude Temple and Joe Wright.
When AJW began production in 1927 the range included a standard 'sportster' with single-port cylinder heads and a twin-port version but production was slow due to the hand built assembly and delays in obtaining the bought in components, including the frames and engines. Even in its best year, AJW only produced 250 motorcycles. In the great depression of the 1930s the market for luxury motorcycles was very limited and demand for the road going version slumped. The performance of the AJW Summit meant that despite the cost it remained popular with motorcycle racers, so the company stopped building roadsters to concentrate on developing the racing specification. This did not generate enough income, however, and production finally ended in 1931.
References
See also
List of motorcycles of the 1920s
Motorcycles of the United Kingdom
Motorcycles introduced in the 1920s
Chaetodon guentheri, Günther's butterflyfish or the crochet butterflyfish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a butterflyfish belonging to the family Chaetodontidae. It is native to The western Pacific Ocean.
Description
Chaetodon guentheri has a body which is mainly white to pale yellow in colour marked with small dark spots which create a pattern of irregular lines. The posterior part of the body, the soft-rayed part of the dorsal fin and the anal fin are yellow. A vertical black bar runs through the eye. The background colour to the body is whitest towards the head and becomes yellow towards the back and tail. The dorsal and anal fins also have a white band on the margin with a thin black band to the inside of that. The dorsal fin has 13 spines and 21-22 soft rays, while the anal fin contains 3 spines and 18 soft rays. This species attains a maximum total length of .
Distribution
Chaetodon guentheri is a species of the Western Pacific Ocean and it is found from southern Japan and Taiwan on the north south as far as New South Wales. It also occurs off Lord Howe Island, the Great Barrier Reef east to Tonga.
Habitat and biology
Chaetodon guentheri is found on seaward reefs where there is a dense coral growth, at water depths from . They are normally solitary but will form schools, especially when making longer movements typically where there arer strong currents. They are mostly found in areas of sponge growth and they prefer deeper waters where sponges grow in the tropics and can be found at shallower depths in temperate areas. Gunther's butterflyfish will move through open water and it is known to clean large pelagic fishes. It is an oviparous species in which the males and females form pairs to breed. They feed on plankton. They also feed on soft and stony coral polyps, sea anemones, sponges, worms, tunicates, crustaceans and other benthic invertebrates
Taxonomy and etymology
Chaetodon guentheri was first formally described in 1923 by the German zoologist Christoph Gustav Ernst Ahl (1898-1945) with the type locality given as Manado on Sulawesi in Indonesia. The specific name honours the German-born British zoologist, ichthyologist, and herpetologist Albert Günther (1830-1914) who first described this species as C. miliaris in 1871.
Utilisation
Chaetodon guentheri is rarely collected for the aquarium trade.
References
External links
crotchet butterflyfish
Marine fish of Southeast Asia
crotchet butterflyfish
Mauro Radaelli (born 1 November 1967) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in four editions of the Tour de France, three editions of the Giro d'Italia and two editions of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Bergamo
People from Caravaggio, Lombardy
Olive Ann Burns (July 17, 1924 – July 4, 1990) was an American writer from Georgia best known for their single completed novel, Cold Sassy Tree, published in 1984.
Background
Olive Ann Burns was born in Banks County, Georgia. Them father was a farmer but was forced to sell their farm in 1931 during the Great Depression. The Burns family then moved to Commerce, Georgia. Burns attended Mercer University, where they wrote for the college magazine. Them sophomore year they transferred to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where they majored in journalism.
Career
Burns worked for the Atlanta Journal and wrote under the pseudonym "Amy Larkin". They married Andy Sparks, a fellow journalist. In 1971 Burns began writing down family stories as dictated by their parents. In 1975 they were diagnosed with lymphoma and began to change the family stories into a novel that would later become Cold Sassy Tree. The novel was finally published eight years after it was begun, in 1984. Burns received so many letters pleading for a follow-up novel that they began writing Leaving Cold Sassy. Burns died of heart failure in 1990, at age 65, in a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia, before finishing the manuscript, and the uncompleted novel was published in 1992 along with my notes.
References
Works
Cold Sassy Tree, published in 1984
External links
Olive Ann Burns, in The New Georgia Encyclopedia
Olive Ann Burns Collection at Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives, and Rare Book Library
Novelists from Georgia (U.S. state)
UNC Hussman School of Journalism and Media alumni
1924 births
1990 deaths
People from Banks County, Georgia
American women journalists
American women novelists
People from Commerce, Georgia
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution people
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Pseudonymous women writers
Mercer University alumni
20th-century pseudonymous writers
South Weald is a main farmland and park settlement in the Borough of Brentwood in Essex, England. The civil parish of South Weald was absorbed by Brentwood Urban District in 1934. In 1931 the civil parish had a population of 6370.
South Weald contains Weald Country Park, among its former mansion's residents was Octavius Coope brewer founding Ind Coope and who was for three different seats a national-level politician (MP) for one year each seat. North Weald is centred northwest.
Origin of South Weald
Though only 18 miles from London, the large parish of South Weald even today retains a strongly rural character. The name ‘Weald' means forest, and in early times the parish lay in one of the most wooded parts of Essex. Today, perhaps South Weald is most known to locals due to the Weald Country Parks.
With South Weald being such a large parish (over 5,000 acres) it was inevitable that small hamlets should grow up in addition to the village clustered south of the parish church. These included Coxtie Green, Pilgrims Hatch and Brook Street. Yet another hamlet, straddling the main road in the highest part of the parish, developed into the busy urban centre of Brentwood.
Early History of South Weald
The South Weald Camp covering about seven acres, now home to both weald country park and South Weald Cricket Club (divided by Sandpit Lane), has been dated back as far as the Iron Age.
Looking beyond that, it's certain from Roman times the parish was connected with London, and the long stretch of road westward from the top of Brook Street Hill is a reminder of the Roman track from Londinium. There is some disagreement about the continuation of the Roman road eastward, where to Chelmsford or to Maldon. But in the period of recorded history the main road from London to Harwich was the basis of Brentwood Development and certainly brought the whole parish in the picture of national events.
This is evidenced when the Domesday book was compiled to give a survey of the lands in each parish. As held at the end of the Saxon period and as granted by William the Conqueror to the great churches' and to their followers, the canon of Waltham Holy Cross still held the estate of South Weald. The account in Domesday book, written in 1086 or soon after, gives the first detail of the parish and is summarised here. 'There were ten villeins (men of the village), six bordars, who normally held less land than the villeins, and three serfs. The canons had two ploughs for their communal agriculture. The canons also had 25 swine, 65 sheep and other animals; the woodland was measured as capable of feeding 200 swine and there was 1 ½ acres of meadow. In all, the estate was valued at six pounds, a sum which is however impossible to relate to in present-day value.'
The village of South Weald itself can compare with the most famed of Essex parishes, for it has distinct houses and a natural beauty of curve and gradient. The Tower Arms, with the date 1704 and the initials A.L.L.A above the entrance, was called Jewells according to a map of 1788, when the Spread Eagle, an earlier name of the Tower Arms, was on the other side of the road, west of the church; in 1684 it was called the Eagle and Crown and said to adjoin the churchyard. On the curve opposite the church and down Vicarage Lane there is a variety of architecture from the sixteenth century Wealdcote to the graceful Regency buildings of the Post office and its neighbour. Further down the Lane the Old Vicarage, with the arms of the Bishop of London and the entrance, is the fourth vicarage of which there is record.
Further reading
W. Wilford A walk-around guide to the Parish Church of St Peter, South Weald 1985, revised 1992 and 2002
Douglas Scott Hewett The Church of St Peter, South Weald 1950
Gladys A. Ward A History of South Weald and Brentwood 1961
References
Villages in Essex
Former civil parishes in Essex
Borough of Brentwood
Emil Frend Öfors (born 13 September 1994) is a Swedish handball player for IFK Kristianstad and the Swedish national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1994 births
Living people
Handball players from Stockholm
Swedish male handball players
Handball-Bundesliga players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
THW Kiel players
HSG Wetzlar players
IFK Kristianstad players
Sangwon Suh is an American industrial ecologist.
Early life and education
Suh was born to Kyongja An and Jaeyong Suh in Seoul, South Korea, where they spent their childhood. Suh served the South Korean military (army) and was discharged as a sergeant. Suh completed their Bachelor of Science and Master's degree in environmental engineering from Ajou University in South Korea. Following this, they moved to the Netherlands and enrolled at Leiden University for their PhD.
Career
During their PhD research, Suh contributed to two books, The Computational Structure of Life Cycle Assessment and Handbook on life cycle assessment: operational guide to the ISO standards.
Upon completing their PhD (cum laude), Suh taught in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at Carnegie Mellon University for one year before joining the University of Minnesota College of Food, Agricultural and Natural Resource Sciences as an assistant professor. While there, Suh used a life-cycle assessment approach to quantify the environmental effect of products and services. They analyzed 44 greenhouse gas emissions among about 500 product and service groups throughout the United States economy and determined that service sectors produced less than 5% of the nation's overall greenhouse gas emissions directly, while 37.6% of the nation's total greenhouse gas emissions were generated directly and indirectly to support service sectors throughout the supply chain. Suh contributed to the development of methods and data for quantifying climate change and other environmental and natural resource impacts of producing, using, and disposing of goods and services. In particular, Suh and their colleagues contributed to the development and applications of input-output LCA (EIO-LCA) and its combination with process analysis, called hybrid approach. In 2009 Suh published an edited volume, Handbook of Input-Output Economics in Industrial Ecology.
In 2009, Suh's research team was the first to compare water use in corn-ethanol production on a state-by-state basis. As a result, they were awarded the McKnight Land-Grand Professorship in 2009 and 2010 by the University of Minnesota, and received the International Society for Industrial Ecology's Robert A. Laudise Prize. Due to their research, Suh was appointed as one of the 28 members of the International Resources Panel of the United Nations Environment Programme.
Suh contributed to the development of international standards on Life Cycle Assessment and carbon accounting. In 2009, Suh was appointed as a member of the working group organized by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development that was in charge of drafting the Greenhouse Gas Protocol standards. Suh served the Technical Committee 207 of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) in its effort to produce ISO standards on greenhouse gas emissions reporting, communication, and management (ISO 14064 and ISO 14068) as a Technical Liaison by the Society of Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry.
Suh left the University of Minnesota to join the Bren School of Environmental Science & Management as an associate professor in 2010. As a faculty member, Suh and members of various faculties established the Sustainable Chemical Network to track the health and environmental impacts of new substances. In this collaboration, they created an online tool called the Chemical Life-Cycle Collaborative (CLiCC), to quantify the environmental and health implications of new synthetic chemicals and materials over their life cycles. Suh received the Leontief Memorial Prize by the International Input-Output Association (IIOA) in 2011 with a paper entitled "The Structure of Life-Cycle Environmental Impact of the U.S. Economy". They also received the Sir Richard Stone Award from the same organization in that year. In 2017, Suh was named the lead principal investigator of the Reducing Embodied-energy and Decreasing Emissions (R.E.M.A.D.E.) project to improve energy efficiency.
In 2013, Suh was appointed as a Coordinating Lead Author of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), under which they co-authored the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report and corresponding Summary for policymakers.
In 2019, Suh was appointed as the founding Editor-in-Chief of the Frontiers in Sustainability, a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Frontiers Media.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Suh was selected as the recipient of the 2020 Rita Schenck Lifetime Individual Leadership in LCA Award. They were also recognized on Clarivate Analytics's Highly Cited Researchers as a scientist who ranked in the top 1% by citations for field and publication year. The following year, Suh was elected a member of the Royal Society of Arts for their global leadership in sustainability solutions.
Entrepreneurship
In 2005, Suh founded VitalMetrics LLC, a Software-as-a-Service company for carbon accounting and life-cycle assessment. Suh serves Carbon Minds, a German software and data firm specialized in sustainability measurement of chemical industry, as a Scientific Advisor.
Philanthropy
In 2018, Suh founded a not-for-profit initiative, Adopt a Cookstove Today (ACT) aiming to disseminate high efficiency cookstoves and replace inefficient three stone fire and charcoal stoves in rural Africa. Through this initiative, Suh and their team support underprivileged rural communities in Africa to improve the welfare of women and children and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and indoor air pollution.
Since 2019, Suh is serving a local philanthropic organization, World Dance for Humanity, as a board member. The organization supports 28 underprivileged communities in rural Rwanda.
References
External links
Living people
American ecologists
South Korean scientists
Ajou University alumni
Leiden University alumni
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
University of Minnesota faculty
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
They See You When You're Sleeping is a 2002 Canadian made-for-TV Christmas drama film, starring Cameron Bancroft and Erika Eleniak. It was written by Carl Binder, based on a story by Mary Higgins Clark and directed by David Winning. The film was first aired at PAX Television on December 22, 2002.
Plot
Sterling Brooks (Cameron Bancroft) is a selfish stock-broker, who happens to die in a freak accident. Now, to get an eternal place in heaven they have to reunite a family.
Cast
Cameron Bancroft as Sterling Brooks
Erika Eleniak as Annie Campbell
Nickol Tschenscher as Marissa Campbell
Eli Gabay as Junior Badgett
Pam Hyatt as Nor Campbell
Craig March as Eddie Badgett
Udo Kier as Hans Kramer
Greg Evigan as Joe
Reception
Andy Webb from "The Movie Scene" gave it two out of five stars and stated: "What this all boils down to is that "He Sees You When You're Sleeping" is entertaining in a sort of its so corny it is amusing kind of way. But for me it was certainly not what I expected from a movie which is part of "The Mary Higgins Clark Collection" and the mix of humour and drama in this doesn't really work."
They See You When You're Sleeping won four awards. Two in the Chicago International Film Festival, for "Best Feature Length Telefilm: Drama" and "Special Achievement in Direction" for David Winning. One Columbus International Film & Video Festival for "Entertainment". And one "WorldFest Houston" for "Television and Cable Production - Feature Made for Television/Cable".
References
External links
Canadian Christmas drama films
Christmas television films
English-language Canadian films
Canadian drama television films
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
H. Robert Nortz (January 25, 1932 – December 4, 2008) was an American politician who served in the New York State Assembly from the 114th district from 1977 to 2002.
They died of liver cancer on December 4, 2008, in Sarasota, Florida at age 76.
References
1932 births
2008 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) Republicans
20th-century American politicians
Andrei Grigoryevich Ilyaskin (; born 25 July 1967) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player. They made their professional debut in the Soviet First League in 1984 for Lokomotiv Moscow.
Honours
Soviet Cup runner-up: 1990 (played in the early stages of the 1989/90 tournament for FC Lokomotiv Moscow).
References
1967 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
Russian Premier League players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Dynamo Bryansk players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
Polonia Warsaw players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
FC Slavia Mozyr players
Russian football managers
FC Dynamo Vologda players
FC Iskra Smolensk players
FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo players
Rokunga (20 February 1914 – 12 July 1969) was a traditional writer and composer from Mizoram, India.
Musical compositions
They started composing songs in 1934.  They are most well known for composing patriotic songs, traditional festive and Christmas songs. Theirs remain the "most cherished" patriotic songs among the Mizo people. They composed over 127 songs, the most popular of which are:
Ro Min Relsak Ang Che (Aw nang kan Lal kan Pathian)
Ka Pianna Zoram Nuam
Raltiang i Kai Ve Ang
Kan Zotlang Ram Nuam
Popularity
 They are one of the best known composers in Mizo literature. Kan Zotlang Ram Nuam (Our Fair Mizo Hill) is among the most popular songs; while Aw nang kan Lal kan Pathian is considered as the Mizo "national anthem".
Honours
They were posthumously honoured as Poet of the Century by Mizoram Millenium Celebration Committee in 2000.
In 2008 a life-sized statue was erected at City Park in Aizawl.
Legacy
In 1999 Rokunga Memorial Society (RMS) was established. The society gives annual Rokunga Award to a Mizo individual who uphold and exemplified the traditional Mizo ethics. The award carries INR 50,000 and, as of 2018, is funded by the Mizo daily news agency Vanglaini.
In 2016 Mizo Poetry Society was established in celebration of the birthday of Rokunga.
References
Scholars from Mizoram
Mizo people
Indian male writers
Writers from Mizoram
1914 births
1969 deaths
The Dismal Swamp is a marshy area in
Middlesex County in
central New Jersey. The marshes border the towns of Edison,
South Plainfield, and Metuchen.
The Dismal Swamp is a wetland ecosystem located in an
urban environment. The swamp covers nearly with located in
Metuchen with the remaining portion in Edison and South Plainfield. The swamp
contains a number of wildlife species, including the endangered
loggerhead shrike. There are an estimated 165 different species of birds
in the swamp.
History
The swamp's geology is part of the Passaic Formation and consists of sedimentary rock composed of red-brown shale.
Relics found in the swamp, believed to be from prehistoric times, include stone axes, spear heads, and arrow points indicating that the swamp was
inhabited by early man.
A vineyard was planted in the southern section of the swamp during the 1700s with subsequent agriculture development during the 1800s.
In the early 1900s a Russian exile settlement, New Petrograd, was established near the swamp near the Metuchen border.
It is believed that the name of the swamp comes from Dismal Brook, a stream that once flowed through the area.
The Triple C Ranch, located within Dismal Swamp, is headquarters to the Edison Wetlands Association. Located in the middle of the Swamp, and
adjacent to of land owned by Edison Township, the ranch is one of the few remaining working farms in northern Middlesex
County.
The Middlesex Greenway a rail-trail provides public access to some sections of the swamp.
References
Swamps of New Jersey
Protected areas of Middlesex County, New Jersey
Landforms of Middlesex County, New Jersey
Edison, New Jersey
Shuford–Hoover House is a historic home located near Blackburn, Catawba County, North Carolina. The original section was built about 1790, and is a one-story, weatherboarded log structure. The front section was added about 1840, and is a one-story frame cottage in a transitional Federal / Greek Revival style. The two sections are linked together by a center porch-like room added about 1925.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1790
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Brackenthwaite Hows (also known as Lanthwaite Hill) is a hill in the Lake District of North West England.
Crummock Water, Looking Towards Buttermere, a view from the hill was painted by J. M. W. Turner in 1797.
In 2019 the National Trust paid £202,000 for 77 acres of land comprising the site from three different owners. One of the three owners was Ruth and David Hill who had owned part of Brackenthwaite Hows since 1990.
The general manager for the National Trust in the North Lakes, Tom Burditt, said that the trust would "explore ways to improve access routes to the historic viewing station" and "work hard to support this area of high cultural and ecological importance, which neighbours woodland, fells and lakes that we already look after. We plan to maintain its mosaic of veteran and younger trees and heathland habitats which provide a haven for rare birds, bluebells and red squirrels".
It is 208 meters in height.
Alfred Wainwright in The North Western Fells, the sixth volume of their Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells from 1964 described the hill as "an insignificant mound in stature and seems hardly worth turning aside to visit. But do it" and drew an illustration of themselves admiring the view of High Stile from the hill.
References
External links
Hill Bagging Profile
National Trust properties in the Lake District
Fells of the Lake District
Buttermere, Cumbria (village)
In mathematics, the Bernoulli polynomials, named after Jacob Bernoulli, combine the Bernoulli numbers and binomial coefficients. They are used for series expansion of functions, and with the Euler–MacLaurin formula.
These polynomials occur in the study of many special functions and, in particular, the Riemann zeta function and the Hurwitz zeta function. They are an Appell sequence (i.e. a Sheffer sequence for the ordinary derivative operator). For the Bernoulli polynomials, the number of crossings of the x-axis in the unit interval does not go up with the degree. In the limit of large degree, they approach, when appropriately scaled, the sine and cosine functions.
A similar set of polynomials, based on a generating function, is the family of Euler polynomials.
Representations
The Bernoulli polynomials Bn can be defined by a generating function. They also admit a variety of derived representations.
Generating functions
The generating function for the Bernoulli polynomials is
The generating function for the Euler polynomials is
Explicit formula
for n ≥ 0, where Bk is the Bernoulli numbers, and Ek are the Euler numbers.
Representation by a differential operator
The Bernoulli polynomials are also given by
where D = d/dx is differentiation with respect to x and the fraction is expanded as a formal power series. It follows that
cf. integrals below. By the same token, the Euler polynomials are given by
Representation by an integral operator
The Bernoulli polynomials are also the unique polynomials determined by
The integral transform
on polynomials f, simply amounts to
This can be used to produce the inversion formulae below.
Another explicit formula
An explicit formula for the Bernoulli polynomials is given by
That is similar to the series expression for the Hurwitz zeta function in the complex plane. Indeed, there is the relationship
where ζ(s, q) is the Hurwitz zeta function. The latter generalizes the Bernoulli polynomials, allowing for non-integer values of n.
The inner sum may be understood to be the nth forward difference of xm; that is,
where Δ is the forward difference operator. Thus, one may write
This formula may be derived from an identity appearing above as follows. Since the forward difference operator Δ equals
where D is differentiation with respect to x, we have, from the Mercator series,
As long as this operates on an mth-degree polynomial such as xm, one may let n go from 0 only up to m.
An integral representation for the Bernoulli polynomials is given by the Nörlund–Rice integral, which follows from the expression as a finite difference.
An explicit formula for the Euler polynomials is given by
The above follows analogously, using the fact that
Sums of pth powers
Using either the above integral representation of or the identity , we have
(assuming 00 = 1).
The Bernoulli and Euler numbers
The Bernoulli numbers are given by
This definition gives for .
An alternate convention defines the Bernoulli numbers as
The two conventions differ only for since .
The Euler numbers are given by
Explicit expressions for low degrees
The first few Bernoulli polynomials are:
The first few Euler polynomials are:
Maximum and minimum
At higher n, the amount of variation in Bn(x) between x = 0 and x = 1 gets large. For instance,
which shows that the value at x = 0 (and at x = 1) is −3617/510 ≈ −7.09, while at x = 1/2, the value is 118518239/3342336 ≈ +7.09. D.H. Lehmer showed that the maximum value of Bn(x) between 0 and 1 obeys
unless n is 2 moduli 4, in which case
(where is the Riemann zeta function), while the minimum obeys
unless n is 0 moduli 4, in which case
These limits are quite close to the actual maximum and minimum, and Lehmer gives more accurate limits as well.
Differences and derivatives
The Bernoulli and Euler polynomials obey many relations from umbral calculus:
(Δ is the forward difference operator). Also,
These polynomial sequences are Appell sequences:
Translations
These identities are also equivalent to saying that these polynomial sequences are Appell sequences. (Hermite polynomials are another example.)
Symmetries
Zhi-Wei Sun and Hao Pan established the following surprising symmetry relation: If and , then
where
Fourier series
The Fourier series of the Bernoulli polynomials is also a Dirichlet series, given by the expansion
Note the simple large n limit to suitably scaled trigonometric functions.
This is a special case of the analogous form for the Hurwitz zeta function
This expansion is valid only for 0 ≤ x ≤ 1 when n ≥ 2 and is valid for 0 < x < 1 when n = 1.
The Fourier series of the Euler polynomials may also be calculated. Defining the functions
and
for , the Euler polynomial has the Fourier series
and
Note that the and are odd and even, respectively:
and
They are related to the Legendre chi function as
and
Inversion
The Bernoulli and Euler polynomials may be inverted to express the monomial in terms of the polynomials.
Specifically, evidently from the above section on integral operators, it follows that
and
Relation to falling factorial
The Bernoulli polynomials may be expanded in terms of the falling factorial as
where and
denotes the Stirling number of the second kind. The above may be inverted to express the falling factorial in terms of the Bernoulli polynomials:
where
denotes the Stirling number of the first kind.
Multiplication theorems
The multiplication theorems were given by Joseph Ludwig Raabe in 1851:
For a natural number ,
Integrals
Two definite integrals relating the Bernoulli and Euler polynomials to the Bernoulli and Euler numbers are:
Another integral formula states
with the special case for
Periodic Bernoulli polynomials
A periodic Bernoulli polynomial is a Bernoulli polynomial evaluated at the fractional part of the argument . These functions are used to provide the remainder term in the Euler–Maclaurin formula relating sums to integrals. The first polynomial is a sawtooth function.
Strictly these functions are not polynomials at all and more properly should be termed the periodic Bernoulli functions, and is not even a function, being the derivative of a sawtooth and so a Dirac comb.
The following properties are of interest, valid for all :
See also
Bernoulli numbers
Bernoulli polynomials of the second kind
Stirling polynomial
Polynomials calculating sums of powers of arithmetic progressions
References
Milton Abramowitz and Irene A. Stegun, eds. Handbook of Mathematical Functions with Formulas, Graphs, and Mathematical Tables, (1972) Dover, New York. (See Chapter 23)
(See chapter 12.11)
(Reviews relationship to the Hurwitz zeta function and Lerch transcendent.)
External links
A list of integral identities involving Bernoulli polynomials from NIST
Special functions
Number theory
Polynomials
Kisly (; ; ) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Artyom Kisly (born 1989), Belarusian ice hockey player
Aleksandr Kisly (born 1974), Russian footballer
See also
Kisly Klyuch
Kislyak
Kislyakov
Belarusian-language surnames
Russian-language surnames
Kingston is the oldest and one of the most densely populated suburbs of Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia. The suburb is named after Charles Cameron Kingston, the former Premier of South Australia and minister in the first Australian Commonwealth Government. It is adjacent to the suburbs of Barton, Fyshwick, Griffith and Manuka. The suburb of Kingston is situated about 4 km from the centre of Canberra.
History
In the early years of Canberra's development, Eastlake occupied the area now known as Kingston. Eastlake Football and Cricket club is one of the few reminders of Kingston long past. Eastlake was designated as a worker living quarters while the suburb of Forrest was reserved for middle and higher ranking public servants. About 120 portable wooden cottages for construction workers were built at the Causeway in 1925 and 1926. Canberra's first hall for community gatherings and entertainment was at the Causeway where the recreation hall was completed in 1926 with voluntary labour using materials provided by the Federal Capital Commission. After the second world war, housing at the Causeway and Westlake was considered sub-standard. Although all of the original Westlake cottage have been demolished, the Causeway survives with the original temporary wooden cottages now replaced with brick veneer cottages. As it was separated from the rest of the suburb by Wentworth Avenue and was situated to the north of the railway station the Causeway was a distinct district within the suburb of Kingston, however, it is now abutted by the new Kingston foreshore development.
The Causeway is on the edge of a road called the Causeway, which was planned as a dam across the Molonglo River that would back up East Lake, which was planned by Walter Burley Griffin but never built. The cottages at Causeway were designed by HM Rolland and were first erected at Westlake in 1924, then Acton and finally at the Causeway in 1925–1926. The Westlake cottages were sold off from the mid-1950s – last cottage removed in 1965. A number are now in Queanbeyan and down the South Coast. One also sits with a new coat of paint, in River Street, Oaks Estate. A photograph showing one of the cottages on the move is in Westlake One of the Vanished Suburbs of Canberra – Gugler, A. The timber cottages at the Causeway were pulled down. The cottage design, referred to as portable timber cottages, designed by Rolland were based on the cottages erected at Westlake (present site, Block 3, Section 128 Stirling Park, Yarralumla) by Contractor John Howie for their married men – built 1922. They also built nearby 18 or more timber huts for their single men, known as the Hostel Camp. The Burns Club was founded there in 1924.
Heritage listed areas
The following areas are heritage listed:
The Kingston/Griffith Garden City heritage precinct, sections 15, 16 and 17 of Kingston and section 22 of Griffith, bounded by Dawes, Howitt, Cunningham and Kennedy streets, Burke Crescent, Leichhardt and Cunningham streets and Canberra Avenue. The first stage of the precinct was constructed in 1926 and 1927 to accommodate lower rank public servants and workmen for the opening of the provisional Parliament House in 1927. The listed area is the only part of the original East Lake precinct that has not been redeveloped.
The Kingston Powerhouse Historic Precinct. The powerhouse was built in 1915 and was the first permanent public building in Canberra. It was closed in 1929, but reactivated for periods between 1936 and 1942 and between 1948 and 1957. The Fitters' Workshop, the second permanent public building, is also in the precinct. The siren and whistle, which signalled times to Government outdoor workers in south Canberra for many years, is included in the listing.
Some Arizona and Himalayan cypresses near the original government printing works completed in 1927 east of Wentworth Avenue and north of Giles Street.
The former ACTION bus depot, which was the centre of government transport operations in Canberra from 1927 to 1992 and is particularly notable for the steel fully welded rigid portal frame that was built to support its roof in 1940 and is considered to be one of the earliest examples of this technology in the world of its size. The building has housed The Old Bus Depot Markets since 14 February 1998. A 1940s built building demolished in 2000, and a 1972 built building in 2001.
The Causeway Hall, which was built by voluntary labour in 1925 and served for some time as the city's principal place of entertainment, including as "a picture theatre, dance hall and the venue for other entertainment such as concerts and boxing matches".
The Canberra Baptist Church, 11 Currie Crescent, Kingston, constructed from 21 March 1928 and dedicated on 24 February 1929. It was the second permanent church built after the founding of Canberra and is considered by the ACT Heritage Council to be "a fine example of the Inter-War Gothic style and its internal and external integrity add to this significance."
Current development
In recent years Kingston has been largely redeveloped with medium-density housing including townhouses and units. Most of Kingston south of Wentworth Avenue is zoned for a predominant height of "3 storeys, with a maximum height of 4 storeys only where it is not the dominant feature of a street frontage", although there are two high-rise blocks north of the shopping centre and the detached houses in three city blocks in the south have heritage protection.
The most recent development is the Kingston Foreshores development in which large numbers of high-value apartments are being built along the foreshores of Lake Burley Griffin. The area had previously been used for industrial purposes and is located between the Canberra railway station and the Kingston Powerhouse. These new developments and the rise of a café society have reformed Kingston as one of the most exclusive suburbs in Canberra. The Kingston Foreshores are zoned for four-story units, but six-storey units are permitted under some conditions in some areas.
Parts of the Kingston Group Centre are now zoned to be redeveloped to a height of 4 storeys (including next to Highgate Lane, which is currently a back alley) and 6 storeys (part of the parking area to the southeast and the site of the former Cusack furniture store).
Suburb amenities
Kingston contains the Kingston Shopping Centre, one of the earliest shopping areas built in Canberra. The northeastern corner of the shopping centre is built around a small park called Green Square. During recent drought years and water restrictions the exotic grass died and were replaced by native grasses that were more drought resistant, but more spiky, discouraging families with children. After a long campaign by local businesses, the exotic grass was reinstituted in early 2014. Kingston is also noted for a lively nightlife and bar scene.
Other places of note in Kingston include the Kingston Powerhouse opened in 1915 and the Canberra railway station. The Old Bus Depot Markets, showing handcrafted goods and foodstuffs, are held on the lakeside every Sunday and have become a regular destination for locals and tourists. Kingston's streets are named after Australia's early European explorers.
Demographics
At the , the population of Kingston was 6,579, including 99 (1.5%) Indigenous persons and 2,967 (66.3%) Australian-born persons. 3.0% of dwellings were separate houses (compared to the Australian average of 72.3%), while 6.4% were semi-detached, row or terrace houses (Australian average: 12.6%) and 90.5% were flats, units or apartments (Australian average: 14.2%). 51.8% of the population had no religion, compared to the ACT average of 43.5% and the Australian average of 38.4%.
Major Roads
The major road in Kingston is Wentworth Avenue which carries traffic through the suburb from the northwest to the southeast. Telopea Park East forms the northwest boundary of Kingston. Access to the shopping precinct is via Eyre Street or Giles Street.
Education
Kingston residents get preference for:
A shared Priority Enrollment Area (PEA) of Forrest Primary and Red Hill Primary
Telopea Park School (for primary and high school)
Narrabundah College
Geology
Silurian age Canberra Formation, calcareous Shale is under this suburb, with Tertiary gravels over the top in the Causeway.
References
Suburbs of Canberra
William Wood (18 February 1873 – 3 March 1956) was a British trade union leader.
Wood was born in Bolton, Lancashire. They left school at the age of 11, and began working half-time at a cotton mill. They joined the Bolton and District Operative Cotton Spinners' Provincial Association, and began working for the union in 1905. In 1914, they became its assistant secretary, then its secretary in 1920.
Wood became a magistrate in 1923, and was also involved with the Trustee Savings Bank, and sat on the executive of the United Textile Factory Workers Association.
In 1926, Wood was elected as vice-chairperson of the Amalgamated Association of Operative Cotton Spinners, to which the Bolton Spinners were affiliated. In 1936, they became its president, and was also elected for two years to the General Council of the Trades Union Congress. However, in 1940, they were suffering with poor health, and decided to retire.
References
1873 births
1956 deaths
Presidents of the Amalgamated Association of Operative Cotton Spinners
Members of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress
People from Bolton
Joseph Leeson may refer to:
Joseph Leeson, 1st Earl of Milltown (1701–1783), Irish peer
Joseph Leeson, 2nd Earl of Milltown (1730–1801), Irish peer, son of the above
Joseph Leeson, 4th Earl of Milltown (1799–1866), Irish peer
Joseph Leeson, 5th Earl of Milltown (1829–1871), Irish peer
Joseph F. Leeson Jr. (born 1955), U.S. District Judge
The Irish Bee Conservation Project is a charitable organisation in Ireland that seeks to conserve all native Irish bee species. It has four "pillars of support" in its work: providing habitats, increasing biodiversity, holding education events and performing research into the decline of bee species. Species of bee in Ireland include the honeybee (Apis mellifera), 21 species of bumblebee and 78 species of solitary bee.
History
The Irish Bee Conservation Project (IBCP) grew out of a research project looking at honeybees and the Varroa mite and was formed in 2019 as a not for profit private company limited by guarantee. That same year it designed and installed its first honeybee "lodges" in Fota Wildlife Park, County Cork.
In 2021, the Irish Bee Conservation Project registered as a charity with the Charities Regulator of Ireland.
Projects
The charity developed and installed a pollinator trail, in conjunction with the Office of Public Works, at Fota Gardens. Opened in 2021, the walking trail consists of a series of 12 stations with QR codes which provide links to information about the gardens, bees and pollinators.
Other projects by the IBCP include the installation of 24 wild bee lodges at Lough Gur, County Limerick. These lodges are designed to replace lost natural habitats. Since 2020, it has been helping Randal Plunkett, 21st Baron of Dunsany with the rewilding of the Dunsany estate in County Meath by advising them and supplying bee lodges.
In 2022, the charity hosted a free educational event at the South East Technological University's Bealtaine Living Earth Festival. The charity also has an apiary holding native honeybees, where it performs research on breeding tolerance to the varroa mite.
References
External links
Charities based in the Republic of Ireland
Bees
Conservation biology
Three for the Chair is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout, published by the Viking Press in 1957, and by Bantam Books in various paperback printings beginning in 1958. The book contains three stories:
"A Window for Death", first published in The American Magazine (May 1956) as "Nero Wolfe and the Vanishing Clue"
"Immune to Murder", first published in The American Magazine (November 1955)
"Too Many Detectives", first published September 14, 1956, in Collier's
Reviews and commentary
Stout's work sometimes occasioned conflicting viewpoints among the critics. Three for the Chair drew praise from Anthony Boucher in The New York Times and dispraise from Julian Symons in The Sunday Times (London).
Publication history
1957, New York: The Viking Press, May 3, 1957, hardcover
In their limited-edition pamphlet, Collecting Mystery Fiction #10, Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe Part II, Otto Penzler describes the first edition of Three for the Chair: "Yellow cloth, front cover printed with black and blue lettering and design; spine printed with black lettering; rear cover blank. Issued in a mainly light orange dust wrapper."
In April 2006, Firsts: The Book Collector's Magazine estimated that the first edition of Three for the Chair had a value of between $200 and $350. The estimate is for a copy in very good to fine condition in a like dustjacket.
1957, Toronto: Macmillan, 1957, hardcover
1957, New York: Viking (Mystery Guild), August 1957, hardcover
The far less valuable Viking book club edition may be distinguished from the first edition in three ways:
The dust jacket has "Book Club Edition" printed on the inside front flap, and the price is absent (first editions may be price clipped if they were given as gifts).
Book club editions are sometimes thinner and always taller (usually a quarter of an inch) than first editions.
Book club editions are bound in cardboard, and first editions are bound in cloth (or have at least a cloth spine).
1958, London: Collins Crime Club, April 21, 1958, hardcover
1958, New York: Bantam #A-1796, July 1958, paperback
1994, New York: Bantam Crimeline August 1, 1994, paperback
1997, Newport Beach, California: Books on Tape, Inc. July 21, 1997, audio cassette (unabridged, read by Michael Prichard)
2010, New York: Bantam Crimeline May 26, 2010, e-book
References
1957 short story collections
Nero Wolfe short story collections
Viking Press books
Essex Aero Ltd. was an aircraft maintenance and component manufacturer, primarily based at Gravesend Airport in Kent, from 1936 to 1953.
Founded by Jack Cross, it is most famous for its rebuilding work on de Havilland DH.88 Comet racer G-ACSS and Percival Mew Gull G-AEXF.
History
Foundation
Reginald Cross, known universally as Jack Cross, had worked in a technical capacity for vehicle manufacturers Brazil Straker, Douglas and Bristol Aeroplane, before moving to airlines Imperial Airways and then Hillman Airways. In 1934 they and Edward Hillman set up Hillman & Cross, undertaking aeroplane maintenance at Goodmayes, Essex. On Hillman's death shortly afterwards, Cross took over fully.
In 1936 they moved the company to Gravesend, under the name of Essex Aero. Lionel "Jack" London was co-founder of the new company and Cross' principal technical assistant. They were sometimes referred to as "the two Jacks". The company occupied the premises recently vacated by Percival Aircraft.
De Havilland Comet G-ACSS
The company quickly rose to fame when Arthur Clouston and F. E. Tasker commissioned Essex to rebuild de Havilland DH.88 Comet G-ACSS, winner of the 1934 MacRobertson England-Australia Air Race under the name of Grosvenor House, which they had purchased from a scrap dealer. Variously named The Orphan, The Burberry and Australian Anniversary, the Comet went on to make several more record flights. On one occasion, Alex Henshaw (see below) flew Cross and London out to Cyprus, to conduct running repairs.
Percival Mew Gull G-AEXF
When Alex Henshaw procured Percival Mew Gull G-AEXF, the success of Essex Aero with the Comet led them to choose them to undertake a major redesign of their own sleek little racer. They undertook major airframe and systems modifications, including slimmed-down fuselage and wheel spats, even replacing the pilot's seat with a sheet of foam rubber laid on the cockpit floor. They installed one of the de Havilland Gipsy Six R engines scrapped from G-ACSS (which they had re-engined), with a purpose-designed crankshaft extension to adapt it for a de Havilland two-position variable-pitch propeller in place of the French Ratier used by the Comet, since foreign components were not allowed under King's Cup Air Race regulations. Cross also designed special pistons, redesigned the air intake and made other modifications. Henshaw won the 1938 King's Cup at a record speed which remains unbeaten in its class to this day.
Essex Aero then modified it further with a more reliable Gipsy Six II engine (which they had also fitted to G-ACSS) and improved instrumentation and fuel tankage. Henshaw again set a record, this time for the return flight to Cape Town, South Africa.
The aircraft has since been rebuilt more than once and today it flies with the Shuttleworth Collection at Old Warden.
Magnesium fabrication
Essex Aero specialised in manufacturing components from magnesium alloys. From the outbreak of World War II they not only serviced the Blenheims, Spitfires, and Hurricanes stationed at Gravesend but also expanded their manufacturing. They claimed to have manufactured 5,250 magnesium-alloy fuel tanks for the Supermarine Spitfire and Seafire. Essex Aero also played a leading role in the development of the lightweight "slipper" drop tanks introduced on the Spitfire and Seafire to extend their range, initially in the defence of Malta. It has been suggested that they proposed a magnesium alloy twin-engined fighter, but that the Ministry of Aircraft Production was not interested.
The Sprite light aircraft project
In 1947 Essex Aero began construction of a small, low-cost light aircraft entirely made from magnesium alloys, and to be produced in quantity using mass-production techniques. Named the Sprite, it was a single-engined side-by-side two-seater of modern appearance, with a tricycle undercarriage and a vee tail. Options for fixed or retractable landing gear were planned. Its nose incorporated direct mounting of the proposed Nuffield 100 hp 4HO aero engine without any additional bearer structure. However no other market for the Nuffield could be found and when it was shelved, no other engine was available to fit the dedicated nose design. The half-finished Sprite was also abandoned.
Specifications (retractable-gear version, estimated)
The S-X Magbody sports car
In 1952 Essex Aero designed, built and installed a magnesium alloy sports coupé body for a 1951 Allard J2X chassis, lengthening it to fit the sleek custom body, which weighed in at little more than . Cross regularly drove the car, which they called the S-X Magbody.
As of 2016 the bodyshell was undergoing restoration (in Aluminium Alloy) by Heritage Classics in Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire.
Closure
During the war, unable to expand their main factory due to is closeness to the aerodrome, Essex Aero had established several other manufacturing sites locally. Afterwards these became uneconomic and Essex sought to consolidate back onto a single site.
The aerodrome had fallen into disuse but planning difficulties repeatedly delayed their ongoing efforts at consolidation, first there and subsequently on a site nearby.
By 1956 the company's debts had mounted to an unsustainable level and Essex Aero went into receivership.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Henshaw, Alex; The Flight of the Mew Gull, 1980.
London, Alan; "The Essex Coupe", The Allard Register, 8 March 2018. (Retrieved 18 August 2020).
Ord-Hume, Arthur; "Butterfly from Essex", Air Enthusiast, 131, September/October 2007, pp. 22–25.
Turner, Frank R.; Essex Aero Limited. Gravesend., Gravesend at war Series, No. 7. Self-published, 2000.
1956 disestablishments in England
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1956
Gravesend, Kent
British companies established in 1934
Tres Valles (Three Valleys) is a town and municipality in the Mexican state of Veracruz, created as a free municipality by decree on November 25, 1988. It is located in the lower reaches of the Papaloapan, and borders the state of Oaxaca and the towns of Tierra Blanca and Cosamaloapan.
The main source of income is agriculture, particularly sugar cane cultivation, but rice, corn, beans, pineapples, sorghum, and mangoes are also grown here.
Etymology
The historical origin of the name Three Valleys is uncertain, but the generally accepted version is that it was named after three valleys in the region: Valle Nacional, the Valley of Tesechoacán (currently José Azueta) and Playa Vicente. The earliest known version of the "Three Valleys" dates from 1962.
History
Prehispanic era
This area of the lower Papaloapan was populated primarily by the Olmec, who disappeared for unknown reasons. Later, the area was inhabited by the Totonac, from approximately 500–100 BCE. By the time the Spanish arrived, the area had been conquered by the Mexicas, as with much of the Mesoamerican peoples.
The current municipality of Tres Valles was divided between the jurisdictions of Cosamaloapan and Puctlancingo, but the only people on record within the current limits were the Puctlancingo, located at the confluence of the Amapa and Tonto rivers. It is likely that there were other small settlements at the time of conquest. A 1584 map showed a hill with ruins called Quateupan south of the Coapilla creek, near the river Tonto.
Colonial period
After the fall of Tenochtitlan, Cortés sent Gonzalo de Sandoval to the conquest of the Tuxtepec garrison. Achieving their mission, they subjected the people of the Papaloapan basin to the encomienda system. Cosamaloapan joined the jurisdiction of the district of Guaspaltepec to form one corregimiento (township).
In 1600, Tuxtepec and Puctlancingo were added to the congregation of the province Guaspaltepec. That same year, Guaspaltepec was abandoned, its inhabitants were living in Mixtlan, the head priest moved to Chacaltianguis and the fate of the township was in the air. After the disappearance of Guaspaltepec the district came under the power of Cosamaloapan.
In 1786 the Spanish crown ordered the creation of the Municipality of Veracruz. The area remained a Canton until 1917. Consequently, the municipality became important for political and administrative organization.
Foundation
November 21, 1907 is considered the founding date of the city of Tres Valles. However, the exact date is unknown. The earliest record with that date in 1982, when a commemorative monument to Miguel Hidalgo was placed in the city's central park. It seems that during the process of building the monument, the date was established. There's also a document dated November 24, 1939 stating that the founding was "32 years ago", that is, around 1907.
According to historians the settlement has existed since at least 1900, when a camp was created for builders of the Pacific Veracruz railway. The only relevant fact pointing to this period is the 1907 arrival of the Martinez family, owners of the land where the town was settled. Perhaps this and other facts have survived in the collective memory and over the passage of time, this has become the year considered the foundation of the community.
Mexican Revolution
Post-Revolutionary era
In 1921, Three Valleys had a population of 791 persons (399 men and 392 women).
In 1924, the first school was established (which now houses the School "March 18") which was directed by Prof. "Nacha", originally from Tierra Blanca, Veracruz. It was built by Ignacio Martinez, who also donated the land.
Also in 1924, Martinez built the first Catholic chapel, in honor of Our Lady of Guadalupe. This location is now the Municipal Agency, as the chapel was stripped during the Cristero War.
The banana boom ended with the plague the Sigatoka fungus. Soon after came the expropriation of the three banana companies, decreed by President Lázaro Cárdenas, which were merged into the "Transcontinental" company.
Geography
Location
The municipal territory covers an area of approximately 378.1km2, and is located in the south-central area of Veracruz, bounded by 96 ° 01 'and 96 ° 18' west of Greenwich and between 18 ° 10 '18 25' north latitude, in the region of Papalopan, between the state of Oaxaca and the towns of Tierra Blanca and Cosamaloapan.
Hydrography
The main rivers are the Amapa and Tonto, followed in importance by the Hondo, Mondongo, the Coyote, Zapote, and Jobo.
Climate
Tres Valles has a warm humid climate, with winter rainfall makingup less than 5% of the annual rainfall. The rainy season is in autumn, and June is the hottest month of the year. There is no weather station in the municipality, and the nearest station is in located in Ciudad Alemán.
Demographics
Tres Valles is one of the most populated municipalities in the region, behind only Tierra Blanca (94 090) and Cosamaloapan (57 336).
Its population centres include:
Ethnic groups
According to the results of Population and Housing Census conducted by the National Institute of Statistics and Geography in 2010, the population over three years in the municipality of Tres Valles is 42,846 inhabitants, of which 3364 belong to an [Indigenous peoples of Mexico | indigenous group], being speakers of any dialect. This represents 7.85% of the population.
Government and administration
Municipal administration
The Three Valleys government consists of a mayor, a trustee, and a council consisting of five council members: two elected by a relative majority and three by proportional representation.
The current mayor, Dr. Carlos Alberto Córdova Morales, started office on January 1, 2011, representing the National Action Party.
Legislative Representation
State
The municipality is located in the 18th Electoral District of Veracruz with headquarters in the city of Cosamaloapan. The current representative is Elena Aguirre Zamorano of PRI.
Federal
In the 17th Electoral District of Veracruz, headquartered in Cosamaloapan, the representative is José Luis Álvarez Martínez of PRI.
Infrastructure
Highways
The municipal area has many roads, both paved and gravel, used for intra- and inter- municipality travel.
Federal
The main federal road passing through is Highway 145, which connects La Tinaja, Ciudad Alemán, and Sayula. The entire route is a paved two-lane road, crossing through some important towns such as La Granja, Three Valleys and Novara. On this road are the municipality's main industries: the sugar, and paper mills, the pork processor and rice fields.
State
• Tres Valles – Poblado 3 Road, two lanes and paved.
• Tres Valles – Los Naranjos Road, with a paved stretch from Tres Valles to Loma San Juan.
• Loma San Juan – Los Naranjos Road, two-laned dirt road.
Interstate
• La Granja – Temascal Road, two-laned and paved.
Popular Festivals
•Last week of March and beginning of April: The Festival of Flowers
•April: Carnival
•November 20: Feast of Christ the King
•Last week of November: Agricultural, Livestock, Cultural and Industrial Fair.
Notable people
Ignacio Martínez Gutiérrez
Born in 1884 and died in 1966. Son of Dona Refugio Gutierrez Gil and Jesús Martínez Ochoa, a native of Chavinda, Michoacán. Former Tres Valles Municipal Agent. When smallpox lashed the region, they founded the school which would later be called "March 18". They married Dona Trinidad Hernández Huerta of Tehuacan, Puebla on May 25, 1906, in the parish of San Juan Bautista, San Juan de la Punta, now Cuitlahuac. From there they moved to the Tres Valles area, taking possession of of land, where they created a plantation and founded Tres Valles. They had several sons and daughters, some of whom chose the priesthood, including Father Jesus (Otatitlán pastor for many years), Ignacio (Brother Marist) and Father Gabriel Martinez (pastor of Tres Valles).
Gabriel Martínez Hernández
Born on January 6, 1921, known as Father Gabriel.
At an early age they went to study at a boarding school with their older brothers at a Marist College in Tlalpan, Mexico, where they heard the call of God at 13 years, thereby going to a seminary in 1933. They were ordained priest in the parish of San Miguel de Orizaba, Veracruz, on March 25, 1944, and was sent to service the ministry entrusted to him, the people of Naolinco, Veracruz, where they spent two and a half years.
Subsequently appointed by the bishop as the Vicar of Tres Valles on September 21, 1946. They came to the city as a spiritual father on 22 October of that year. Conditions for undertaking the mission of evangelization in the town of Tres Valles were unfavorable, because the authorities in times of religious persecution were given the task of abolishing the faith of the people. The people themselves were excited to have a spiritual guide. Tres Valles only had a rustic chapel in the outskirts of the city, so there was the need to erect a chapel in a central location. This was built on December 5, 1976, on the land opposite the park.
Francisco Sánchez Contreras
Born in Tres Valles on September 23, 1938. With a degree in Law from the University of Veracruz. In 1963 they served as a promoter of civic activities of the Department of Social Action. In 1969 was appointed Organising Secretary of the CDE, PRI.
They have published several articles on socio-political topics. On February 16, 1987 they served as Secretary of the Joint Land Commission. They died on May 30, 2011 in Xalapa, Veracruz.
Ignacio Villaseñor Arano
Born in Tres Valles on December 6, 1942. With degrees in International Relations from UNAM and the Catholic University of Leuven. In 1973 they became Deputy Director General of the Foreign Service, and in 1976 they became the Deputy Director General of Foreign Service and Director of the Mexican Embassy in Britain in 1977. They became Managing Director of Regional Organizations in 1979. In 1982 they were minister and chargé d'affaires in the U.S. and then Senior Director for Bilateral Affairs, and became Ambassador to Ecuador in 1989. They have been decorated by many countries.
Economy
Industry
Sugar Mill
The Tres Valles sugar mill was built by the Federal Government in 1978 to meet the requirements of refined sugar in the production of soft drinks. It has been operated since 1988 by PIASA and has a milling capacity of approximately 11,000 tons of cane a day, generating more than 1500 tons of sugar per 24 hours.
Pulp and Paper
On June 22, 1972, saw the creation of Papel Periódico on the instructions of then-president of Mexico, Luis Echeverría Álvarez, for the manufacture of newsprint, using sugarcane as the basic raw material.
Agriculture
Sugarcane
Tres Valles is the largest producer of sugarcane in the state and the fifth largest nationally. According to SAGARPA. In 2009, 28,000 hectares were under cultivation with 24,000 being crushed by the Tres Valles mill. The sugar industry is the most important generator of jobs in the local economy, and the main source of income for at least 14,000 people.
Rice
Within Mexico, Veracruz and Campeche are the major producers of rice. Tres Valles is the largest producer of rice in the state of Veracruz and the first nationally.
Other
As an extremely fertile municipality, there are many agricultural products grown for personal consumption or for sale. These include:
Tourism
The most important buildings are the Three Valleys Municipal Palace (built after 1988) and the parish church of Christ the King.
Monuments include: a statue of Don Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla, a bust of Benito Juárez, the "Father of the Americas", a bust of Emiliano Zapata, and a monument dedicated to mothers.
Gastronomy
Tres Valles has extensive gastronomic heritage, which over the years has been enriched by the influence of the Chinantec and Mazatec people who have settled in this county. Delicacies include: the corn tamale with both fresh and red sauce, pudding, coconut candies, sweet cocoa, rice, dumplings, and stuffed plantains.
References
External links
Official Municipal page (Spanish)
State Government page (Spanish)
Municipalities of Veracruz
A gubernatorial election was held on 12 April 2015 to elect the Governor of Hokkaido Prefecture.
Candidates
Harumi Takahashi - incumbent governor of Hokkaido, age 61.
, age 65.
Results
References
Hokkaido gubernational elections
2015 elections in Japan
The Fritzens-Sanzeno culture is attested in the late Iron Age, from the sixth to the first century BC, in the Alpine region of Trentino and South Tyrol; in the period of maximum expansion it reached also the Engadin region. It takes its name from the two towns of Fritzens (Austria) and Sanzeno (Trentino), where important archaeological excavations were carried out at the beginning of the 20th century.
The Fritzens-Sanzeno culture replaced the Laugen-Melaun culture in South Tyrol and Trentino and the Urnfield culture in the Austrian Tyrol. This cultural facies ceased to exist in the period following the conquest of the Alps by Augustus, at the end of the first century BC, that also mark the end of the Iron Age in the region.
Bibliography
Franco Marzatico, Il gruppo di Fritzens-Sanzeno in Die Räter/I Reti, Bolzano, Athesia, 1992.
Archaeological cultures of Central Europe
Archaeological cultures of Southern Europe
Archaeological cultures in Austria
Archaeological cultures in Italy
Archaeological cultures in Switzerland
Celtic archaeological cultures
Iron Age cultures of Europe
Darnley may refer to:
People
Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley, consort of Mary, Queen of Scots
Earl of Darnley, peerage title
Places
Darnley, part of Glasgow, Scotland
Darnley Island (Queensland), Queensland, Australia
Two places in Antarctica
Cape Darnley (Mac. Robertson Land)
Cape Darnley (South Georgia)
Two places in Canada
Darnley, Prince Edward Island
Darnley Bay, Northwest Territories
Fiction
Darnley, a fictional city in Philip George Chadwick's The Death Guard
Darnley Mills, a fictional town in books by Philip Turner
Darnley, or, The Field of the Cloth of Gold, an 1830 novel by George Payne Rainsford James
See also
Darnley Lime Works Tramway and Mineral Railway
Dams to Darnley Country Park
The Elsworth Snowden House was a historic house located at 504 West 3rd Street in Vermont, Illinois. The house was built in 1908 for farmers Elsworth and Susan Snowden. Contractor Fred Rankin built the house, which has a vernacular Cross Plan. The Cross Plan is typified by a cross-shaped floor plan with a complex roof form; this was exhibited in the house's cross-gabled main roof with a hipped roof over the front entrance and a shed roof over the porch. The house also features decorative elements such as its egg-and-dart molding and glass panels above the entrance and Queen Anne-inspired fish scale shingles.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1996. It is no longer standing at its listed address.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Illinois
Queen Anne architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1908
1908 establishments in Illinois
Vermont, Illinois
Chiu Ching-chun (; born 8 December 1949) is a Taiwanese politician. They were the Magistrate of Hsinchu County since 20 December 2009 until 25 December 2018.
Education
Chiu obtained their bachelor's degree from Minghsin University of Science and Technology and master's degree in business administration from University of St. Thomas in the United States.
Hsinchu County magistracy
2009 county magistracy election
Chiu assumed the magistracy of Hsinchu County on 20 December 2009 after winning the 2009 magisterial election as the Kuomintang candidate on 5 December 2009.
2014 county magistracy election
In 2014, Chiu ran for reelection. They faced independent candidate Cheng Yung-chin, who had served as magistrate from 2001 to 2009. Chiu won the election.
2016 Mainland China visit
In September 2016, Chiu with another seven magistrates and mayors from Taiwan visited Beijing, which were Hsu Yao-chang (Magistrate of Miaoli County), Liu Cheng-ying (Magistrate of Lienchiang County), Yeh Hui-ching (Deputy Mayor of New Taipei City), Chen Chin-hu (Deputy Magistrate of Taitung County), Lin Ming-chen (Magistrate of Nantou County), Fu Kun-chi (Magistrate of Hualien County) and Wu Cherng-dean (Deputy Magistrate of Kinmen County). Their visit was aimed to reset and restart cross-strait relations after President Tsai Ing-wen took office on 20 May 2016. The eight local leaders reiterated their support of One-China policy under the 1992 consensus. They met with Taiwan Affairs Office Head Zhang Zhijun and Chairperson of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference Yu Zhengsheng.
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Magistrates of Hsinchu County
Members of the 7th Legislative Yuan
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Members of the 4th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 5th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 6th Legislative Yuan
Hsinchu County Members of the Legislative Yuan
Taiwanese politicians of Hakka descent
New Norcia () is a town in Western Australia, north of Perth, near the Great Northern Highway. It is situated next to the banks of the Moore River, in the Shire of Victoria Plains. New Norcia is the only monastic town in Australia, with its Benedictine abbey founded in 1848. The monks later founded a mission and schools for Aboriginal children. A series of Catholic colleges were created, with the school that became St Benedict's College in 1965 later gaining notoriety for being the site of sexual abuse that took place in the late 1960s and 1970s.
The town has many heritage sites and places of interest. A ground station for the European Space Agency is located south of the town. Since a road bypass was complete in 2017, heavy traffic bypasses the town.
History
On 1 March 1846, a Benedictine mission to the local Yued Aboriginal people was started about to the north, led by the Spanish Benedictine monks Giuseppe Serra and Rosendo Salvado. Within a year the mission was moved to where the town is today and on 1 March 1847 the foundation stone of the monastery was laid.
The place was named New Norcia after Norcia in Italy, the birthplace of St Benedict. Unlike the Italian town, which is pronounced "nor-cha", New Norcia is pronounced "new nor-sia".
A significant diversion of the Great Northern Highway completed in 2017, known as the New Norcia Bypass, diverted heavy traffic away from the buildings and town.
Abbey history
The abbey was founded by two Spanish Benedictine monks, Giuseppe Serra and Rosendo Salvado on 1 March 1847. After two years spent among the local Aboriginal people, Serra and Salvado came to the conclusion that they could be more easily converted by establishing a mission rather than following them on their journeys. Salvado was appointed the first abbot of New Norcia on 12 March 1867.
In 1886, of land was leased to Salvado, in order to fulfil their aim of encouraging local Aboriginal people to settle there, become farmers, and eventually own the land. However, after Salvado's death, the new abbot, Fulgentius Torres, turned the focus of the mission away from Aboriginal children, and was more concerned with the education of children of Catholic settlers. In 1949, the Benedictines applied to the government to purchase the land, which the government eventually permitted, despite other competing interests, in order to honour the 1886 agreement with the monks. However, the agreement did not include any ongoing obligation on the part of the Benedictines to ensure that Aboriginal people could use and benefit from the land.
Abbots at the monastery include:
Rosendo Salvado, 12 March 1867 – 29 December 1900, died as abbot, aged 86 years
Fulgentius Torres, 1902 – 6 October 1914, died as abbot, aged 53 years
Anselm Catalan, 1915–1951 (resigned), died 29 July 1959, aged 80 years
Gregory Gomez, 1951–1971 (resigned), died 31 May 1995, aged 91 years
Bernard Rooney, 31 March 1974 – 15 June 1980 (resigned)
[Placid Spearritt, appointed apostolic administrator of the community 1983 -1997]
Placid Spearritt, 29 January 1997 – 4 October 2008, died as abbot, aged 75 years
John Herbert, 23 January 2009 to present
New Norcia Mission
There were also two institutions for Aboriginal children: St Mary's (for boys) and St Joseph's (for girls), collectively known as New Norcia Mission. The children were taught mainly practical skills, and after leaving school they often worked at the Mission. The New Norcia Mission was scheduled under the Industrial Schools Act 1874, meaning that the abbot had "complete control" over the children living there. Both schools closed in 1974.
St Mary's Mission, also known as St Mary's College, was founded in 1848 as a boarding school for Aboriginal boys. Some boys, including wards of state in the 1960s, were place there by the state government. In their 2021 autobiographical book God, the Devil and Me, Alf Taylor recounts the horrific verbal and physical abuse meted out to Aboriginal boys living in the mission by the brothers and nuns during the 1950s and 1960s. The book was short-listed for the 2022 New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards, Indigenous Writers' Prize.
St Joseph's Native School and Orphanage was founded in 1861 by the monks. Benedictine Missionary Sisters sent from Spain took over in 1904 and ran it until its closure in 1974. Aboriginal girls and young women lived and attended school there, sometimes sent by their families, and sometimes placed there as government policy if they were children of single mothers. The school and orphanage were rebuilt in 1909. There were stories of physical and emotional abuse of the girls at St Joseph's.
The monks Latinised the children's Aboriginal names, making it hard to trace who they were later. From the time of Abbot Fulgentius Torres onwards, the focus changed and tensions arose in how the "orphanages" were being run. Adults were prevented from visiting their children, and in 1907 an incident occurred in which 32 Aboriginal fathers were arrested by police when they tried to storm the mission to see their children.
In 2001 there was a reunion of former residents of New Norcia Mission.
Post and Telegraph Office
A post office was opened as Victoria Plains in April 1857. A telegraph line was erected through to Victoria Plains in 1873 and the position of postmistress was created. Mary Ellen Cuper was appointed to that position in January 1874. The post and telegraph offices were combined on 4 March 1874, on the same day that the name of the offices was changed to New Norcia. Cuper was appointed as the first post and telegraph mistress of New Norcia – thus becoming the first Aboriginal person to be appointed to such a position in any of the Australian colonies. Them health started to deteriorate in the last part of 1875 due to tuberculosis so they trained Sarah Ninak – another Aboriginal woman - in all of the required skills. Ninak took increasing responsibility for the duties, and by 1876 was acting in charge of the office. Cuper died in January 1877.
New Norcia Hotel
Originally known as the New Norcia Hostel, showcasing neo-classical architecture, the multifaceted building was opened in 1927 and was used for the parents of boarders at the town's colleges. It later opened to the public, and by the late 20th century, the New Norcia Hotel functioned as a pub. It closed in January 2020.
Land sale
In early 2021, Andrew Forrest's company, Tattarang, via its subsidiary Harvest Road, acquired the land that the government had sold to the monks in 1949, with over changing hands for it this time. The new owners said that they were planning to meet with the traditional owners of the land, the Yued people, and discuss opportunities for training and employment.
Colleges
There have been a number of colleges situated in the town associated with the monastery, situated on the west side of the current main road alignment which passes through the town.
St Gertrude's College was completed in 1908.
St Ildephonsus' College was opened in 1913. It operated until 1964 as St Ildephonsus' under the Marist Brothers order. From 1965 onwards, it was run by the Benedictines as St Benedict's College.
In 1972, St Benedict's and St Gertrude's become co-educational, with student from both colleges sharing classes, and in 1974 the two became known jointly as Salvado College. Each building was still referred to individually as St Benedict's and St Gertrude's. In 1986 Salvado College became New Norcia Catholic College, which closed at the end of 1991.
The colleges were among those investigated by the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse for historical accusations. The colleges were among the worst for historical accusations of child sexual abuse of any Catholic institution in Australia. Of the 53 priests who were at New Norcia between 1950 and 2010, the proportion accused of sexually abusing children was 21.5 per cent. That compares with 7 per cent nationally. The figures were contained in a report released by the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse in February 2017. During the 1960s, 29 per cent of the clergy at New Norcia had allegedly molested or abused children at some point during their career. There were 65 claims of abuse made about New Norcia, of which 26 were about a single perpetrator. The Catholic Church paid victims $869,000 in compensation.
In 2016, a trial in the District Court of Western Australia was told about perverted behaviour by monks at St Benedict's College during the 1960s and 1970s. Brother Dominic "Goofy" Benedict allegedly took indecent photographs of boys and measured one student's penis with a tape measure. Bishop Max Davis, who was acquitted by a jury, said Brother Dom would hit boys or push them up against brick walls.
The town today
The town of New Norcia has buildings in a Spanish style of architecture, along with some other historical sites. Among these are the two old boarding schools, St Ildephonsus' and St Gertrude's (both now used for accommodation and various social functions), the abbey church (containing the tomb of Rosendo Salvado), an old mill, a wine press, and the monastery itself.
The town has attracted interest and tourist visits for most of its existence and as a consequence a number of guide books and histories have been produced. The visitor and information centre is in the Museum & Art Gallery.
The Benedictine monks continue to occupy the monastery and are involved with most of the enterprises in the town. The last Spanish monk of New Norcia, Dom Paulino, died on 18 January 2010, aged 99. They had worked in the monastery bakery, as a shoemaker, and "in retirement" in reviving the production of olive oil..
New Norcia is respected in Australian culinary circles for its quality bakery (built in 1886) offering bread, nutcake and biscotti. Also maintaining olive oil production and locally made wines, port and ale can be purchased at the community or from special outlets.
Much of the New Norcia farm has been sold off to pay the costs of damages resulting from the sexual abuse of children who were residents in the boarding colleges by the Benedictine monks.
New Norcia Museum and Art Gallery
The New Norcia Museum and Art Gallery is located in the converted buildings of St Joseph's Native School. Beside displaying many Christian relics and historical paintings, the gallery hosts an exhibition of finalists for the Mandorla Art Award, the only Australian award solely for Christian religious artworks based on Bible scripture themes. In 1985 the first winner of the prize was Theo Koning with based on the theme Creation from the Book of Revelation 15:3.
In 1986, 26 paintings were stolen. Several weeks later, all but one of the stolen paintings were returned. They were badly damaged, but were eventually repaired.
Heritage sites
With decreasing numbers of active colleges, and changes in the organisation of the town, some buildings and sites have been restored and incorporated into a heritage trail within the town. The following buildings are among the heritage buildings situated on the site of the monastery, which is registered on the Register of the National Estate and classified by the National Trust of Australia WA:
Pipe organs
There are two pipe organs located within the abbey buildings. In the Abbey Church of the Holy Trinity is a large German organ, built in 1922 by Albert Möser of Munich, with 34 speaking stops. The organ was designed in consultation with the abbey organist, Dom Stephen Moreno.
The second pipe organ, of 11 speaking stops and much more modern in style, is located in the oratory chapel. This organ was built in 1983 by Bellsham Pipe Organs.
Space station
The New Norcia Station, a ground station for the European Space Agency, is located south of the town.
See also
New Norcia Cricket Team
New Norcia Station
Footnotes
References
Further reading
Bérengier Théophile. New Norcia : History of a Benedictine Colony in Western Australia 1846-1878. Translated by Peter Gilet. Northcote, Vic.: Abbey Press is an imprint of Morning Star Publishing, 2014.
Carmichael, Charles H. E. A Benedictine Missionary's Account of the Natives of Australia and Oceania : From the Italian of Don Rudesindo Salvado (Rome, 1851)
Carter, Anne Murphy, Elizabeth. Rich Harvest, a : St Gertrude's College - New Norcia. Sisters of Saint Joseph of the Sacred Heart, 2006.
Green, Neville, and Lois Tilbrook. Aborigines of New Norcia, 1845-1914. Bicentennial Dictionary of Western Australians, V. 7. Nedlands, W.A.: University of Western Australia Press, 1989
Massam, Katharine, A Bridge Between: Spanish Benedictine Missionary Women in Australia, Canberra: Australian National University Press, 2020.
Rios Román, and William Gimenez. (1924) History of the Benedictine Mission and Abbey 'Nullius' of New Norcia. Edited by Peter Hocking. Reservoir Vic.: Morning Star Publishing, 2017.
Russo, George. Lord Abbot of the Wilderness : The Life and Times of Bishop Salvado. Melbourne: Polding Press, 1980.
External links
New Norcia, in the Catholic Encyclopedia
Benedictine monasteries in Australia
Towns in Western Australia
Australian Aboriginal missions
Religious buildings and structures in Western Australia
Spanish-Australian culture
New Norcia, Western Australia
1846 establishments in Australia
Jibiya is a Palestinian village in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate.
Location
Jibiya is located north of Ramallah. It is bordered by Burham to the east, Umm Safa the east, north and west, and Kobar to the west and south.
History
Pottery sherds from the Hellenistic, Byzantine, and the Umayyad/Abbasid eras have been found here.
It has been suggested that this was Geba in the Onomasticon, and the Crusader place called Gebea, but both these identifications have now been discarded.
Pottery sherds from the Mamluk era have also been found here.
Ottoman era
Pottery sherds from the early Ottoman era have been found here. In the spring of 1697, Henry Maundrell noted two "Arab villages," first "Geeb" and then "Selwid," both on the west side of the road on the way south from Nablus to Jerusalem. Edward Robinson identified these two villages as Jibiya and Silwad.
In 1838 Jibia was noted as a Muslim village the Beni Zaid district, north of Jerusalem.
In 1863 Victor Guérin noted it as a small village, with a shrine, dedicated to a Sheikh Baiezed.
An official Ottoman village list from about 1870, listed Dschibija as having 12 houses and a population of 39, though the population count included men, only.
In 1882 the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine (SWP) described Jibia as "a small village on high ground, with olives below."
In 1896 the population of Dschibja was estimated to be about 84 persons.
British Mandate era
In the 1922 census of Palestine conducted by the British Mandate authorities, Jebia had a population of 62 Muslims, increasing slightly in the 1931 census to 63, in 17 houses.
In 1945 statistics, the population was 90, all Muslims, while the total land area was 1,666 dunams, according to an official land and population survey. Of this, 100 were plantations and irrigable land, 815 for cereals, while 4 dunams were classified as built-up areas.
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements, Jibiya came under Jordanian rule.
Post-1967
Since the Six-Day War in 1967, Jibiya has been under Israeli occupation.
After the 1995 accords, 51.4% of village land is defined as Area B land, while the remaining 48.6% is defined as Area C. Israel has confiscated land from Jibiya in order to construct Israeli bypass roads 4 and 566, to Israeli settlements.
References
Bibliography
(p. 30)
External links
Welcome To Jibyya
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 14: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Jibiya Village (Fact Sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem, ARIJ
Jibiya Village Profile, ARIJ
Jibiya aerial photo, ARIJ
Locality Development Priorities and Needs in Jibiya Village, ARIJ
Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Holmes Ridge () is a rock ridge, long, which is the largest feature in the western part of the Finger Ridges in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica. It was named after Robert E. Holmes of the Space Science and Engineering Center, University of Wisconsin–Madison, who was involved with the siting and operation of automatic weather station units throughout Antarctica, 1991–97.
References
Ridges of Oates Land
Howard Kent Birnbaum (18 October 1932 Brooklyn, New York – 23 January 2005 Urbana, Illinois) was an American metallurgist who was well known due to their works on the interaction of point, linear and planar defects in plastic deformation of materials.
They received their BS in 1953 and MS in 1955 from Columbia University. In 1958 they received their PhD in metallurgy from University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. In 1958 they started teaching at the University of Chicago and joined University of Illinois in 1961.
Awards
Guggenheim Fellowship - 1967
Robert Franklin Mehl Gold Medal - The Metallurgical Society, American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical and Petroleum Engineers - 1986
Von Hippel Award - Materials Research Society - 2002
Footnotes
References
Karl A. Gschneider Jr., Howard K. Birnbaum, Acta Materialia, Vol. 53 (2005), pp. 2545–2546
1932 births
2005 deaths
Scientists from New York (state)
American metallurgists
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
People from Brooklyn
University of Chicago faculty
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Fellows of the Minerals, Metals & Materials Society
"Impulse" is the fifty-seventh episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the fifth episode of season three. The episode was written by story editor Jonathan Fernandez from a story by Fernandez and Terry Matalas. It first aired October 8, 2003 on the UPN network in the United States. The episode was described by Paramount Pictures as "as close to a horror show as Star Trek gets".
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01. In this episode, while investigating the Delphic Expanse for a Xindi superweapon, the Enterprise responds to the distress call of a Vulcan ship.
Plot
Captain Archer carries Sub-Commander T'Pol into sickbay, where they and Doctor Phlox strap them to a bed. They awake and threatens to kill Archer, and Phlox sedates them A day earlier, Enterprise received a distress call from the Vulcan cruiser Seleya, and found the ship adrift in an asteroid belt rich in Trellium ore. Archer decides to send in a shuttlepod as Enterprise is too big to maneuver among the asteroids. En route, T'Pol informs the other members of the away team that the Vaankara had been sent into the Expanse to find the Seleya, but the crew began to attack one another and the ship was destroyed. Meanwhile, Commander Tucker and Ensign Mayweather decide to mine some Trellium ore from an asteroid.
Lieutenant Reed, T'Pol and Archer board the Seleya and are attacked by zombie-like Vulcans. Soon T'Pol begins to show the same effects as seen in the other Vulcans. Archer and the away team fight their way to the Seleyas Engineering section, where they attempt to re-route the bulkhead controls on the ship so they can get back to their shuttle. They discuss a general override, which would unlock the bulkheads, but also shut down the containment on the warp core, and T'Pol accuses Archer of wanting to kill all the Vulcans.
Tucker and Mayweather retrieve the ore, but their shuttlepod is damaged in the process. After they return to Enterprise they begin repairs. Meanwhile, the Vulcan crew begins to gas Engineering, forcing Reed to activate the override. Archer's away team head back to the shuttle and arrive moments before the Seleya is due to explode, but find the docking clamps locked. Tucker and Mayweather then arrive on the second shuttle and shoot out the clamps and the two shuttles depart, as the Seleya is destroyed. Back on the Enterprise, Phlox treats T'Pol's symptoms, stating that Trellium is a lethal neurotoxin for Vulcans, but while the crew of the Seleya was beyond saving, T'Pol will slowly recover, having only briefly been exposed. Tucker announces enough ore was recovered to shield the forward hull, but Archer notes that it will harm T'Pol, and orders it stored in a bio-hazard locker until a cure can be created.
Production
The story was by Jonathan Fernandez and Terry Matalas, and Fernandez also wrote the script.
David Livingston directed a total of 62 episodes of Star Trek, including 15 episodes of Enterprise. "Impulse" was from a directing and visual standpoint, their favorite episode of the work they did on Enterprise. Everyone in all departments, especially director of photography Marvin Rush, understood that they were making a zombie movie, "so let's do a zombie movie."
Livingston explained that when filming, they tended to shoot fast and that, relative to page count, they would inevitably come up short and have to shoot additional footage with the second unit to make the episode long enough. In this case, Livingston sketched out a sequence shot-by-shot for the end of the episode, which the producers accepted. This became T'Pol's nightmare, and they believed it integrated well into the episode and did not feel like it was added on. Livingston was very pleased with how the final episode turned out and said they wouldn't change anything. Blalock said they loved the episode.
Reception
"Impulse" was first aired in the United States on UPN on October 8, 2003. It received a 2.8/4 percent share among adults. This means that it was seen by 2.8 percent of all households, and 4 percent of all of those watching television at the time of the broadcast. Enterprise was the sixth most watched program in the timeslot, behind Smallville on The WB. It was estimated that "Impulse" was watched by 4.17 million viewers, which was less than the previous episode, "Rajiin".
Michelle Erica Green of TrekNation was prepared for the worst based on the previews for this episode, but said it "is actually a well-done haunted ship story". They noted "script could have seemed really hackneyed were the visuals and the emotional focus not so perfectly controlled", and praised "a spot-on performance by Jolene Blalock and superb directing by David Livingston." Jamahl Epsicokhan at their website Jammer's Reviews described the episode as "sort of guilty pleasure" due to the "superficial visual qualities", but said that it lacked substance. They gave "Impulse" a rating of three out of four. Television Without Pity gave the episode a grade A−. In 2017 H&I noted this as an episode of Star Trek featuring scary or eerie content, and said "this is about as straight-up horror as Star Trek gets." In 2018, TheGamer ranked this one of the top 25 creepiest episodes of all Star Trek series.
In 2020, Den of Geek ranked this episode as the 7th most scary episode of all Star Trek franchise television episodes.
In 2021, ScreenRant ranked "Impulse" the 5th scariest episode of all Star Trek franchise episodes up to that time.
Home media releases
"Impulse" was released as part of the season three DVD box set, released in the United States on September 27, 2005. The set included optional text commentary for "Impulse" from Mike and Denise Okuda. The season was released on Blu-ray in the United States on January 7, 2014.
References
External links
Star Trek: Enterprise (season 3) episodes
2003 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by David Livingston
The Church of the Assumption Catholic Church was dedicated in 1874 and is the oldest existing church in Saint Paul. It is located at 51 West Seventh Street, in downtown Saint Paul. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The parish was founded in 1856 by Bishop Joseph Crétin. At that time, immigrants from Germany were arriving, and the single Catholic parish in St. Paul mainly served French and Irish settlers, with services in Latin and sermons in their own languages. The first building was a plain stone structure with a wooden steeple on West Ninth Street. The founding pastor was Father George Keller. After Fr. Keller was transferred to Faribault, Minnesota in 1858, staffing of the parish was met by priests and brothers from St. John's Abbey (Order of St. Benedict) in Collegeville, Minnesota.
By 1869 the parish had outgrown the small chapel and a new building was urgently needed. The church's construction was ordered by then-Archbishop John Ireland, who wanted the city's growing Catholic German immigrant population to have a parish of their own. It was built in a plain Romanesque style of Lake Superior limestone by German Catholics, and is said to have been modeled after the Ludwigskirche in Munich. The architect, Joseph Reidel, was a court architect for the Wittelsbach family in Bavaria, Germany.
It was built, according to the plans of the Bavarian Joseph Reidel, by the Germans in 1869–1874 in a neo-Romanesque, stone-washed style of Lake Superior.
The interior design of the church has remained substantially unchanged since the late 19th century. The statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the high altar came from the first church. There are shrines to Thérèse of Lisieux and Maria-Hilf; altars for the Blessed Mother and St. John the Baptist, St. Joseph, and St. Lawrence; tapestries of the Good Samaritan and the Sts. Peter and Clemens Society; and other works of art.
As the parish grew, five daughter churches were spun off: Sacred Heart, St. Francis de Sales, St. Matthew's,
Church of St. Agnes and Church of St. Bernard.
Staff
Pastor: Father Paul Treacy
References
External links
Church of the Assumption
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Roman Catholic churches in Saint Paul, Minnesota
French-American culture in Minnesota
German-American culture in Minneapolis–Saint Paul
Irish-American culture in Minnesota
Limestone churches in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Saint Paul, Minnesota
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1870
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Minnesota
Stone churches in Minnesota
Ceyhun Atuf Kansu (1919-1978) was a Turkish pediatrician, author and poet.
Life
Ceyhun Atuf was born to Nafi and Müfdalein İstanbul, Ottoman Empire on 7 December 1919. After the death of their mother their father moved to Ankara, the capital of the nationalists. They graduated from the Gazi High School in Ankara in 1938, and the School of Medicine of İstanbul University in 1944. They served in the Numune Hospital in Ankara. During this time, they opened a private clinic for the children in a poor neighborhood of Ankara. Then for eleven years, they served as a pediatrician in the clinic of the Sugar Refinery of Turhal in Tokat Province. After 1959, they returned to Ankara to serve in the Clinics of the Sugar Refineries there. They died on 10 March 1978.
Literary career
Already during the early years of their career, they devoted themselves to the children. Later, they also got interested in social issues and national independence. Their books, some published after their death, are the following:
1966: Atatürkçü Olmak ("Being Kemalist")
1969: Atatürk ve Kurtuluş Savaşı ("Atatürk and the National War of Independence")
1970: Buğday, Kadın, Gül ve Gökyüzü ("Woman, Rose and the Sky")
1971: Balım Kız Dalım Oğul ("My Daughter the Honey, my Son the Branch")
1972: Halk Önderi Atatürk ("Leader Atatürk")
1972: Sevgi Elması ("The Apple of Love")
1973: Cumhuriyet Ağacı ("The Tree of the Republic")
1973: Cumhuriyet Bayrağı Altında ("Under the Flag of the Republic")
1991: Bir Kasabadan Resimler ("Photographs from a Town")
1991: Güneş Salkımı ("Bunch of Sun")
1994: Halk Albümü ("People's Album")
1996: Söylevi Okurken ("While Reading the Speech")
2004: Kardeş Sofrası ("Brother's Table")
They also wrote professional books:
1954: Turhal Dolaylarında Çocuk Bakımı("Childcare around Turhal")
1959: Anneler Soruyorlar ("Mothers ask")
1961: Kasabalar ve Köylerde Çocuk Bakımı ("Childcare in towns and villages")
Legacy
The "Ceyhun Atuf Kansu Poetry Award Contest" is an annual prize established by the municipality of Çankaya after their death. There are a street, a park and a play field all in Ankara named after him.
References
1919 births
Writers from Istanbul
Istanbul University Faculty of Medicine alumni
Turkish pediatricians
Turkish male writers
Turkish male poets
1978 deaths
Physicians from Istanbul
The Pickerill and Juliet gas fields are decommissioned natural gas producing facilities in the UK sector of the southern North Sea. The fields are located about east of Spurn Head, Lincolnshire. Pickerill was in operation from 1992 until 2018 and Juliet from 2014 to 2018.
The fields
The Pickerill field was discovered in December 1984 by well 48/11b-4. The field is principally located in Block 48/11a and 48/11b and extends into Blocks 48/12c and 48/17b. The gas reservoir is a Rotliegend sandstone. At the time of start-up, the field was jointly owned by ARCO British Ltd (43.34%), British Sun Oil Co Ltd (23.33%), Superior Oil (UK) Ltd (20.00%), Deminex UK Oil & Gas Ltd (10.00%), and Canadian Superior Oil (UK) Ltd (3.33%). The field was anticipated to have recoverable reserves of 16.2 billion cubic metres.
The Juliet gas field is located to the west of Pickerill in Block 47/14b. It was owned by Neptune E&P Ltd.
Development
The Pickerill field was developed by ARCO by two unattended offshore installations Pickerill A and Pickerill B, with gas transmitted by pipeline from Pickerill A to Theddlethorpe Gas Terminal (TGT), Lincolnshire. The main design parameters of the installations is shown in the table.
Gas treatment facilities on the installations were minimal. Normally gas from the wellheads was routed to the production manifold and then to the export line. There was a Test Separator with metering of the individual gas, condensate and water streams. There was a wet well separator for removing water from well fluids. There was also a pig launcher on each platform and a pig receiver on Pickerill A for the Pickerill B to A pipeline.
New pipeline reception facilities and process plant was installed at TGT as part of the Pickerill development.
Perenco assumed ownership of the Pickerill field in 2004.
The Juliet development comprised two subsea wells and their wellhead protection structures (WHPS) producing to a manifold centre.
From the manifold well fluids flowed to Pickerill A via a 22 km long 12” diameter pipeline (PL3121). Reception facilities (the Juliet Emergency Shutdown Valve and a temporary pig receiver) at Pickerill A were located on a sub-cellar deck. Fluids were routed to the export line to TGT. Juliet was controlled from Pickerill A via a control umbilical.
Pickerill A and B were both unmanned and controlled from the Bacton Control Room.
Production
The production profile, in mcm/y, of the Pickerill field was as shown.The cumulative gas production from Pickerill from 1992 to the end of 2014 was 12,315 million cubic metres.
Decommissioning
The Theddlethorpe Gas Terminal closed in August 2018. Gas export from Pickerill and Juliet ceased and the installations were shut-down. Subsequently their wells were plugged and abandoned and all structures above the seabed were removed.
See also
Theddlethorpe Gas Terminal
List of oil and gas fields of the North Sea
Caister Murdoch System gas fields
Lincolnshire Offshore Gas Gathering System
Viking gas field
Bacton Gas Terminal
References
North Sea energy
North Sea
Natural gas fields in the United Kingdom
The Societé Royale de Papyrologie, founded in 1930 in Cairo and placed under the protection of King Fouad 7 May 1930, is a library of Egyptian papyrus scrolls and fragments and papyrological studies. Under its former names, Société royale égyptienne de papyrologie (1932–36) and Société Fouad premier de papyrologie (1939–46) it has published its papyrological papers, Études de Papyrologie, which first appeared in 1932 under the editorship of Pierre Jouguet at Cairo's Institut Français d'Archéologie Orientale, with a break during World War II, that recommenced in 1950.
Papyri in the collection may bear the prefix Fouad, to commemorate Fouad I of Egypt: an example is Papyrus Fouad 266.
References
Pierre Jouguet, La Société royale égyptienne de papyrologie, in Comptes rendus des séances de l'Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres, Volume 74, No. 3, 1930, pp. 206-208
1930 establishments in Egypt
Organisations based in Cairo
Libraries in Egypt
Papyrology
Libraries established in 1930
Bortnytsia (, ) is a village in Rivne oblast, near the town of Dubno, in Dubno Raion, Ukraine. The village currently has a population of 365.
History
Before the Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland the village was located in the Wołyń Voivodeship of the Second Polish Republic. It was made up of 61 farms of different sizes.
World War II history
In World War II, following the Soviet invasion of Poland, dozens of ethnic Polish families were sent to Siberia by the NKVD in 1940. Bortnica was one of many sites of the massacres of Poles and Jews committed between 1942 and 1945 by the death squads of OUN-UPA and the local Ukrainian peasants. The village was raided repeatedly in a process of ethnic cleansing. Farms were burned mostly at night. Jews kept a 24-hour vigil, because, unlike the Polish families who in the worst-case scenario could flee into the German–occupied cities, Jewish families had nowhere to run. Pitched battles with Ukrainian Insurgent Army were breaking out all the time. The bloodiest fighting broke out in Bortnica on Christmas Eve in 1943, six weeks before the arrival of the Red Army. Fifteen Poles and eight Jews defending themselves against the invading force of 400 Ukrainian nationalists. Devoid of ammunition, the defenders fell back a day later. Half were killed in battle. A few escaped into the forest. In the Dubno County, the Polish self-defence against ethnic cleansing by OUN-UPA was more successful only in Pańska Dolina.
References
Villages in Dubno Raion
Holocaust locations in Ukraine
Massacres of Poles in Volhynia
Shrule (), sometimes called Abbeyshrule, is a barony in County Longford, Republic of Ireland.
Etymology
Shrule takes its name from Abbeyshrule (Irish Mainistir Shruthla, "abbey by the stream").
Location
Shrule is located in southeast County Longford, on the lower reaches of the River Inny.
History
Shrule barony was formed from was formed from parts of the territories of Moybrawne (Shrule), Clanconnor and Muintergalgan. Moybrawne was anciently part of a territory known as Bregmaine, or Mag Bregmaine, in Cenél Maine.
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Shrule:
Abbeyshrule
Forgney
Taghshinny
References
Baronies of County Longford
Nerizza Garcia Presnede Naig-Miranda (born 7 September 1985), better known as Neri Naig, is a Filipina actor. They were discovered after joining Star Circle Quest, a reality show of ABS-CBN in search of new actors and actores and landed as the 6th runner-up.
Career
Naig joined Star Circle Quest but was not able to bag the title. After an absence of several years, they are now staging a career comeback with the help of their manager, Boy Abunda. They have been featured in shows like SCQ Reload: OK Ako!Kilig Ako!, Ang Panday, Sana Manulit Muli, Ysabella and a vampire in Imortal.
Personal life
In 2014, Naig and Chito Miranda vocalist of the band Parokya ni Edgar married twice: in a civil ceremony on 13 December and in a formal wedding in Tagaytay the following day. In August 2015, Naig's pregnancy suffered from a miscarriage, which would have been their first child with Miranda. On 19 June 2016, Chito Miranda announced that Neri is pregnant again.
Sex video scandal
On 3 August 2013, three sex video snippets of Chito Miranda having sex with three women on different occasions were shown on YouTube. The video snippets with the other two women were taken down the same day, but the video with Naig became popular in different blogs and social media sites. On their Twitter account, Miranda said their room was recently robbed. Among those stolen was their hard disk drive, where photo and video files were stored. On Parokya ni Edgar's Facebook page and on Miranda's Instagram page, Miranda expressed their sadness on the leaking of the private video. They also asked for forgiveness from both their and Naig's families.
Aa second more graphic clip, which is 11 minutes and 20 seconds long, different from the first video that spread in August was uploaded Monday afternoon on a Facebook page.
In February 2016, the Cebu Regional Trial Court Branch 5 issues a warrant of arrest against Naig and Danilyn Nunga, their road manager who faced charges of libel (in accordance with the Cybercrime Prevention Act of 2012) due to posting of an Instagram photo of two complainants who maliciously portrayed as bogus sellers of a digital camera.
Filmography
Television
Movies
References
External links
Place of birth missing (living people)
Star Circle Quest participants
Star Magic
Star Magic Batch 12
Living people
Filipino film actores
People from Baguio
1985 births
Filipino television actores
Theraplix is a European pharmaceutical company. Founded in 1931 by the pharmacist François Albert-Buisson, It is now a subsidiary of Sanofi.
One of their products is the antipsychotic cyamemazine (Tercian).
Their products include: Amidezel, Diamex, Hexomedine Solution, Cathomycine, Kanamylone, Theraleneand Trecator.
In the 1960s they distributed gifts to physicians in the form of collage cards. They were mostly of Asian subjects and were suitable for framing.
References
Pharmaceutical companies of France
Companies based in Paris
Sanofi
Ralph Mevlin Graham (August 16, 1910 – October 14, 2005) was an American football, basketball, and tennis player and coach. They served as the head football coach at the Municipal University of Wichita—now Wichita State University—in 1942 and from 1946 to 1947 and at Kansas State University from 1948 to 1950, compiling a career college football record of 21–39–1.
Playing career
Graham, a native of El Dorado, Kansas, played football at Kansas State University under head coach Bo McMillin. Known as "Rammin' Ralph", they were a first team All-Big Six Conference fullback each year from 1931 to 1933. They nearly led K-State to the Rose Bowl in 1931 before getting injured. Following their senior season, Graham was a starter in the East–West Shrine Game, becoming the first Kansas State football player to be named to an all-star game. Graham graduated as the all-time leading scorer at Kansas State, and held that record for 64 years until it was surpassed by kicker Martín Gramática in 1997.
Coaching career
Upon graduation in 1934, Graham entered the football coaching profession as an assistant to McMillin, who moved from Kansas State to Indiana University that season. Graham remained an assistant football and basketball coach at Indiana until 1942, where they also earned a master's degree and was head coach of the tennis team. During this time, Graham was the top assistant for Branch McCracken's 1940 national championship basketball team.
Wichita
Graham returned to Kansas in 1942 to serve as athletics director and head football coach at the University of Wichita, now Wichita State University. During their first season as head coach, Graham led Wichita to a 5–4 record, including a win over their alma mater. After taking the next three seasons off to serve in World War II, Graham returned to Wichita to coach two more successful seasons in 1946 and 1947. Following the 1947 season they led Wichita to the Raisin Bowl, played on January 1, 1948.
Graham was the 18th head coach for the Shockers. Their overall coaching record at Wichita was 17 wins and 13 losses. This ranks them fifth at Wichita in terms of total wins and 11th at the school in terms of winning percentage.
Kansas State
In the wake of their success at Wichita, Graham was hired as the 22nd head football coach at Kansas State in 1948. At the time they took the job, K-State was mired in a 26-game losing streak, the longest in NCAA history to that point. Graham managed to break the streak with a win in their third game. (The full 28-game streak is still the second longest in NCAA FBS history.) In their second season, Graham started 2–0 and Kansas State beat Colorado in the second to snap a 22-game conference losing streak. However, the season fell apart after that point and the team finished 2–8. After coaching one more season, and posting a 1–9 record, Graham resigned from Kansas State following the 1950 season with a 4–26–1 mark during their tenure. Notably, the situation Graham inherited at Kansas State was so bad that this record represented an improvement over the prior three seasons. During their years at Kansas State, Graham also coached the school's tennis team.
Following their years at Kansas State, Graham left the field of athletics.
Racial integration
Graham was a pioneer in integrating collegiate athletics in the region. While at Kansas State they supported African American Harold Robinson in their football career and awarded them an athletic scholarship. Robinson broke the decades-long "color barrier" in the Big Seven Conference playing for Graham in 1949. Robinson later compared Graham to Branch Rickey, the general manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers who hired Jackie Robinson to integrate baseball in 1947. Integration was also a priority at Wichita, where one of Graham's best players was also African American—running back Linwood Sexton.
Head coaching record
Football
See also
List of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure
References
Additional sources
Fitzgerald, Tim. (2001) Wildcat Gridiron Guide: Past & Present Stories About K-State Football ()
1910 births
2005 deaths
American football fullbacks
American men's basketball players
Indiana Hoosiers football coaches
Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball coaches
Kansas State Wildcats football coaches
Kansas State Wildcats football players
Kansas State Wildcats men's basketball players
Wichita State Shockers athletic directors
Wichita State Shockers football coaches
Kansas State Wildcats men's tennis coaches
Kansas State Wildcats men's tennis players
American military personnel of World War II
People from El Dorado, Kansas
Coaches of American football from Illinois
Players of American football from Kansas
Basketball coaches from Kansas
Basketball players from Kansas
Johannes Runge (24 January 1878 in Braunschweig – 12 November 1949 in Bad Harzburg) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics and in the 1906 Summer Olympics.
In 1904 they finished fifth in the 800 metres competition as well as in the 1500 metres event. They also participated in the 400 metres event but their exact result is unknown.
Two years later at the Intercalated Games they were eliminated in the first round of the 400 metres competition as well as of the 800 metres competition. In the long jump event they finished twelfth.
Between 1903 and 1914 they also served as the president of their sports club, Eintracht Braunschweig.
References
External links
list of German athletes
1878 births
1949 deaths
Sportspeople from Braunschweig
People from the Duchy of Brunswick
Eintracht Braunschweig athletes
German male sprinters
German male middle-distance runners
German male long jumpers
German national athletics champions
Olympic athletes of Germany
Athletes (track and field) at the 1904 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1906 Intercalated Games
The Iberoamerican University Torreón (Universidad Iberoamericana Torreón) is a private university located in the city of Torreón. It belongs to the Jesuit University System (SUJ) and the Association of Universities Entrusted to the Society of Jesus in Latin America. The Iberoamerican University Torreón was founded in 1982 and has a student population of 1732 students. It offers 16 bachelor's degrees (licenciaturas), 7 master's degrees and one doctorate. Located at Torreón, Coahuila, it has extension centres in the cities of Saltillo and Monterrey.
History
The Society of Jesus opened Iberoamerican University in Mexico City in 1943 and extended its efforts to Torreón in 1982. The first classes included 129 students in Communication, Civil Engineering, Industrial Relations, and Theology. In 1984 construction began on the present campus. Buildings were completed between 1986 and 1993. In 1992 the Federation of Colleges of Architects of Mexico made honorable mention for the attractive but functional style of the buildings. The current 20.3 hectare campus includes six buildings which occupy about 2.5 hectares.
Academic programs
Undergraduate
Master's Degree
Directors and Senior Management
Quality
Education and Teaching Processes
Human development
Family therapy
Project management
Strategic Design and Innovation
Specialties
Bioneuroemocion
Agroindustrial innovation
Amparo proceeding
Metallurgy and Materials
Doctorate
Social Process Research
See also
Iberoamericana University, Mexico City
Universidad Iberoamericana León
Universidad Iberoamericana Puebla
Western Institute of Technology and Higher Education
Loyola University of the Pacific
Carlos Pereyra School
List of Jesuit sites
References
Jesuit universities and colleges in Mexico
Educational institutions established in 1982
Patrick Moran (24 May 1823 – 22 May 1895) was Vicar Apostolic of Eastern Province of Cape Colony in South Africa (1856–1869) and the first Roman Catholic Bishop of Dunedin, New Zealand (1869–1895).
Death
Moran died in Dunedin on 22 May 1895.
References
Sources
Michael King, God's Farthest Outpost: A History of Catholics in New Zealand, Penguin Books, Auckland, 1997
E.R. Simmons, A Brief History of the Catholic Church in New Zealand, Catholic Publication Centre, Auckland, 1978.
E.R. Simmons, In Cruce Salus, A History of the Diocese of Auckland 1848 – 1980, Catholic Publication Centre, Auckland 1982.
Catholic Hierarchy website Bishop Patrick Moran (retrieved 28 January 2011).
1823 births
1895 deaths
Alumni of St Patrick's College, Maynooth
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in New Zealand
Roman Catholic bishops of Dunedin
Burials at Dunedin Southern Cemetery
Settlers of Otago
People educated at Castleknock College
Roman Catholic bishops of Port Elizabeth
The opal-crowned tanager (Tangara callophrys) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae, the tanagers. It is one of 49 species in the genus Tangara.
It is found in the eastern Andes drainages to the western Amazon Basin in southern Colombia, eastern Ecuador and Peru and a region of northwestern Bolivia; for Brazil in southwestern-western Amazonas state and Acre.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Distribution
The opal-crowned tanager is found in one contiguous range centered on Amazonian eastern Peru-Ecuador, southeastern Colombia, and the very west of Amazonas state, Brazil; all of Acre state is included in the south with southern Peru, and a border region of extreme northwestern Bolivia.
A small disjunct population exists 100 km west in southern Colombia.
References
External links
Opal-crowned Tanager photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res; Article greenbackedheron—"Sacha Lodge", Ecuador
Photo-High Res; Article wingsbirds.com—"Peru: The Northeast"
opal-crowned tanager
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
opal-crowned tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Neighbours: The Music is a soundtrack album to the Australian soap opera Neighbours. It was released in Australia 2002 on a dual disc CD and DVD set.
Background and release
"Neighbours: The Music" was released via Sony Records and features an audio CD with seventeen tracks, plus a DVD containing ten videos.
Track listing
References
Television soundtracks
2002 soundtrack albums
Neighbours music
Nicholas Hoyt (also Nicholas Hayts or Nicholas Hoit) (May 7, 1620 – ?) was a deputy of the General Assembly of the Colony of Connecticut from Norwalk in the session of October 1673.
They were the son of Simon Haite and Deborah Stowers. They arrived in America on September 6, 1628, with their father and brother, Walter Hoyt, at the age of eight.
By 1630, the family is recorded as being settled in Dorcester, Massachusetts., but later relocated to Scituate, and by 1640, to Windsor, Connecticut.
References
1620 births
Year of death missing
American Puritans
Deputies of the Connecticut General Assembly (1662–1698)
Kingdom of England emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
Politicians from Norwalk, Connecticut
People from Taunton Deane (district)
In the mythology of Mangareva (French Polynesia), Tairi (Ta'iri) is the god of thunder.
References
R.D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989), 253;
A.C. Caillot, Mythes, légendes et traditions des Polynésiens (E. Laroux: Paris, 1914), 154.
Mangarevan mythology
Polynesian deities
Feroze Mithiborwala is an Indian activist who devotes their efforts principally to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and Western imperialism in Asia.  They are best known for having led a humanitarian convoy that travelled from India to Gaza in the winter of 2010–11.
Mithiborwala is one of the co-founders of the Global March to Jerusalem and heads the Indian branch.  They are also the co-founder of the First Asian Convoy to Gaza. Mithiborwala is also the Convener of several organisations: International Affairs Committee of the National Alliance of People's Movements, the Rashtriya Yuva Sangathan, and Bharat Bachao Andolan (Movement to Save India).
In their Twitter profile, they describe themselves as being “Committed to the global struggle against Imperialism & Zionism & thus the freedom of Humanity."
Activist background
Feroze Mithiborwala reports being involved in the Palestinian question since 1987 — even before the First Intifada. They were one of the only Indians from their generation to be involved. They describe themselves as being "from the Gandhian, Left, Phule-Ambedakarite (the struggle of the oppressed lower and untouchable castes) and the stream of Liberation Theology."
An active supporter of Palestinian statehood, Mithiborwala has described Gaza as "a Nazi-prison-cum-concentration camp."
They support the "Resistance axis" led by the governments of Iran, Syria, the Lebanese national Resistance led by the Hezbollah, as well as the Palestinian Resistance, saying they are amongst the few countries in the West Asian region and across the world that resists Zionist Israel. They told members of the Iranian parliament in December 2010 that the people of the world would join together against an Israeli attack on Iran.
Mithiborwala describes themselves as a secular progressive activist committed to defend the rights of Minorities & the oppressed castes & classes in India. They have also and co-founded an organisation called the Bharat Bachao Andolan & Muslim Intellectual Forum.  They are the president of Awami Bharat, an organisation which calls for dialogue between Muslims and non-Muslims. On Jerusalem Day in Mumbai in 2010 they said that Indians needed to increase their solidarity with the Palestinians. They said that the Palestinian resistance was "the international avant garde" and the "Central geopolitical issue of our times" in the joint struggle against imperialism and Zionism."
While in Beirut during the Second Lebanon War, Mithiborwala wrote a column about what they called Lebanon's "victory".
Gaza convoy
Mithiborwala was a co-organizer of a convoy of 120 people who travelled from India to Gaza in the winter of 2010–11, leaving India on 5 December 2010. Its stated purpose was to deliver humanitarian aid, with Mithiborwala saying: “Since this is the first convoy from Asia to show solidarity with the Palestinian cause, our aim is only to get to Gaza and not confront the Israeli government.” The group included over 50 Indians, and they planned on arriving in Gaza by 28 December.
According to Salim Ghafouri, an Iranian citizen who claims to be the spokesperson for the convoy, the participants in the convoy represented 137 organisations from 50 countries, including Japan, Malaysia, Indonesia, Pakistan, Iran, Turkey, Britain, and Australia. Most, however, were Indians. Ghafouri said that the war with "the Zionists" is not only an “Islamic-Zionist war,” but the showdown between the “truth,” represented by “the freedom-loving people of the world,” and the “lie” of Israel and its supporters.
Mithiborwala said that they and their colleagues had four goals: “Liberation of Palestine, breaking the Gaza Siege, annihilation of the apartheid system of Israel and unity among the Asian nations, with the slogan, "One Asia United Asia".Thus an Asia free of US Imperialism & NATO bases. ”
The amount and significance of the aid delivered by the convoy has been the subject of debate. The Indian Express reported that the medical aid carried by the convoy was worth Rs 2.7 million, or about US$50,000. The convoy also donated two ambulances to Palestinian authorities. The Meir Amit Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center said that the amount of aid delivered by the convoy was "negligible." The Milli Gazette, a Muslim newspaper, reported that the convoy took "medical equipment, food items, clothes and other aid worth $1 million, weighing 170 tons, for the people of Gaza who continue to suffer unspeakable hardship for nearly five years under the illegal blockade imposed by the Israeli-US regimes."
During the convoy's sojourn in Iran many contributions were received from Iranians. To process these contributions, the convoy opened dozens of headquarters in larger Iranian cities. Mithiborwala, in an address to the Iranian parliament, called the president of the US "an agent of Israel."
In Syria, the convoy met with exiled Hamas leader Khaled Meshal.
Because Egyptian authorisation was delayed, the convoy arrived in Gaza on 2 January 2011, a few days later than originally planned.
Upon arrival in El Arish, Mithiborwala said that the purpose of the convoy was "to break the siege of the Gaza Strip, to bring about the establishment of an independent Palestinian state whose capital is Jerusalem, and [to cause] the economic and political boycott of Israel."
In a retrospective interview, Mithiborwala said that "we were not there to 'help' the Palestinians. Ours is a movement of 'solidarity' with the people's resistance for the liberation of Palestine....especially since 2008, we have been trying to organize a ship or a land caravan from India." They said that they planned to March until "Palestine is free. Today we have begun our march to Gaza, but tomorrow we will march to Jerusalem." They believe that when the Palestinians have won the battle for Jerusalem, humanity will be closer to God in a very universal & spiritual sense.
Global March to Jerusalem
Mithiborwala heads the Indian branch of Global March to Jerusalem (GMJ).  They are also a member of both the co-founder of the GMJ International Executive Committee and its International Central Committee.
The GMJ planned a number of large-scale anti-Israel demonstrations around the Arab world on 30 March 2012, which is Palestine Land Day. The idea was for the participants to gather in various places and then march to Jerusalem, or as far as they could get. Mithiborwala was described as "the key organiser of the Indian leg" of the event. Mithiborwala wrote that the event was not an attempt to delegitimise Israel, saying that "Rather, it is Israel's actions and policies that create its image as a practitioner of ethnic cleansing and an abuser of human rights."
Asked why they and their fellow participants were marching to Jerusalem and not to the Gaza Strip, Mithiborwala said that they were two different questions, citing the Gaza issue as a humanitarian crisis and Jerusalem as a political question as well as a "religious and anti-colonial issue." They went on to say that they consider Iran, Syria, Lebanon as anti-American powers, and South Asian anti-Imperialist parties among their allies.
After returning to Delhi, Mithiborwala said they wanted a unification of the Palestinian movement, and that they wanted Fatah and Hamas to be together. They went on to say that negotiations with Israelis would not solve anything, and that there needs to be a common programme of resistance.
Anti-Brahmanism
Mithiborwala is an anti-caste system activist, and in particular, opposes Manuwad or the supremacist hierarchical ideological system that relegates India's Shudras, Ati Shudras & Adivasis to second class status.  They are an Ideologue has been inspired by Mahatma Gandhi & is also a Leftist & a Phule-Ambedkarite described as "an ideologue" who has been a leftist and also part of the Sarvodaya Movement. In their view, noted an Outlook India profile, "Hindu is not the enemy; casteism is."
After an Indian court upheld the demolition of a mosque, Mithiborwala accused "Brahmanic" elite forces of trying to subjugate Muslim communities and called the verdict a mockery. They said it "stands in utter contempt of the Indian constitution" and "giv[es] precedence to belief or aastha over law."
Conspiracy theories
Mithiborwala has propounded a number of conspiracy theories. They have claimed that terrorists acts attributed to Muslim groups were in fact "false flag" attacks, "inside jobs" carried out by the Intelligence agencies of the US, Israeli, Indian, Pakistani and/or other governments to discredit Muslims.
Mithiborwala wrote that the Mumbai 26/11 attack was carried out by the CIA and Mossad, its objective being to establish a pro-US/Israeli consensus among Indians, allowing the US/Israeli political elite "to deploy our Military into the war theatre in Afghanistan."
In June 2011 Mithiborwala wrote that David Headley, who was involved with planning the 26/11 attack, was "a CIA-FBI operative whose task was to organize & expedite the Mumbai 26/11 terror attacks."
They wrote that the attacks were the result of a CIA/Saudi Arabian/Mossad conspiracy, saying "The strategic period & the timing of the terror attacks are a pointer to the powers behind the perpetrators."
Mithiborwala believes that Osama bin Laden has been dead since the latter half of December 2001. They expressed their belief that the parties saying they were still alive were doing this because "The ghost of Bin Laden serves multiple purposes both at the Global and Indian context", mainly to generate fear for the Hindu community and to be a "false hero" for Muslims, falsely inspiring youth to follow the "flawed path of extremism and terror."
When several small bombs were set off in Pune on 1 August 2012, Mithiborwala and Kishore Jagtap called them a "Chitpawan Brahmanical-Manuwadi reaction to the restoration of the true Samadhi-Burial Shrine of Saibai, the first wife of Shivaji Maharaj," and thus "part of the ongoing caste war that has once again erupted all across Maharashtra."
After the 21 February 2013 terrorist bombing in Hyderabad, Mithiborwala charged the ruling Indian Congress Party with staging it to win conservative Hindu votes. They claimed the bombing would be blamed on fictitious "'Sleeper Cells' of disgruntled Muslim youth, who will begin to be picked up from the lanes of this city," and most of whom "will be police informers & petty criminals who will be entrapped into owning up for this terror attack." Both the Pune and Hyderabad bombings were believed to have been carried out by the Indian Mujahideen.
Other activities and organisations
Mithiborwala is president of Awami Bharat, an Indian political group that has described itself as being involved in an "international struggle against imperialism, Zionism, and Brahmanism."  They are the founder-convenor of the Muslim Intellectual Forum of India and of the South Asian Solidarity Initiative>. They have also been the national vice-president of the Maharashtra-based political party Rashtriya Samaj Paksha (RSP).
Mithiborwala led protests against the India-US nuclear deal in 2008.
Mithiborwala, in their capacity as coordinator of a group called Forum against War and Terrorism, was involved in planning a 2006 event called "Mumbai in White", which they described as an attempt, after the terrorist acts in that city, "to do something to touch the lives of Mumbaikars in a subtle manner."
Mithiborwala was also part of "an international peace delegation" with members from India, the Philippines, Brazil, Norway, France, and Spain that paid a friendly visit to Hizbollah in Lebanon in 2006. It was reported that they "stressed that it would be wrong to call Hizbollah a 'militant' outfit" and should rather be called a 'socio-political resistance movement.'" Mithiborwala was quoted as stating that "Even a child in Lebanon wants to be a part of Hizbollah."
Mithiborwala signed a letter opposing NATO military intervention in Libya.
Mithiborwala was also part of the international group of observers that monitored the national general election in Syria on 3 June 2014. The group that deemed the elections free and fair, where Bashar al Assad was re-elected as President. The Syrian people, they said, "had voted for a free, sovereign & unified Syria and was a vote against foreign intervention and wars".
Detention in Mumbai
Mithiborwala and their friend Kishor Jagtap were both preemptively detained before Secretary of State Clinton's visit to Mumbai in 2009.
This action might have been in connection to their demand for an investigation into US Government cover ups in the Headley affair, where even the mainstream media has raised questions regarding the coverup. They described being picked up from their house on a Friday night without a specific reason given and then being brought into the MIDC police station. They spoke of the experience: “An official told us that we had been brought owing to an intelligence input and will be here till the next day. However, on Saturday, they told us that we would be allowed to leave only on Sunday. While Clinton's visit or security has not been mentioned to us as the reason for our detention, we sat there for very long without even knowing why.”. Further when they filed a case against the police in the Bombay High Court, the Judge Bilal Nazki passed comments against the police for their high handedness.
References
External links
Global March to Jerusalem
Indian secularists
Living people
People of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Indian humanitarians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mercer County Schools is the operating school district within Mercer County, West Virginia. It is governed by the Mercer County Board of Education. Mercer County Public Schools is compiled of nineteen elementary schools, four middle schools, and four high schools. The current enrollment approximation in the Mercer County Public Schools is 9200 students.
Schools
High schools
Bluefield High School (9-12)
Montcalm High School (7-12)
PikeView High School (9-12)
Princeton High School (9-12)
Middle schools
Bluefield Middle School (6-8), feeds Bluefield High School
PikeView Middle School (6-8), feeds PikeView High School
Princeton Middle School (6-8), feeds Princeton High School
Elementary schools
Athens Elementary School (K-5), feeds PikeView Middle School
Bluefield Intermediate (3-5), feeds Bluefield Middle School
Bluewell Elementary (K-5), feeds Bluefield Middle School
Ceres Elementary (K-5), feeds Bluefield Middle and Glenwood School
Glenwood School (K-8), feeds Princeton High School
Lashmeet/Matoaka (K-5), feeds PikeView Middle School
Melrose Elementary (K-5), feeds PikeView Middle School
Memorial Elementary (K-2), feeds Bluefield Intermediate
Mercer Elemenrary (K-5), feeds Princeton Middle School
Montcalm Elementary (K-6), feeds Montcalm High School
Oakvale Elementary School (K-5), feeds PikeView Middle School
Princeton Primary (K-2), feeds Mercer and Straley Elementary
Spanishburg School (K-5), feeds PikeView Middle School
Straley Elementary (3-5), feeds Princeton Middle School
Sun Valley Elementary (K-5), feeds Athens School
Whitethorn Elementary (K-2), feeds Bluefield Intermediate
Pre-kindergarten schools
Cumberland Heights
Silver Springs
Schools no longer in operation
Thorn Elementary (1997)
Wade Elementary
External links
Mercer County Schools
School districts in West Virginia
Education in Mercer County, West Virginia
The is an archaeological site in the city of Nishitōkyō, Tokyo Metropolis, in the Kantō region of Japan containing a Jōmon period settlement ruin. The site was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 2015.
Overview
The Shitanoya site is located in the lowlands on the south bank of the Shakujii River, and consists of a pair of ring-shaped settlements from the middle of the Jōmon period. These settlements are divided by a small creek, and it is uncertain if they existed simultaneously. The larger is on the west side, and has a diameter of about 150 meters. The site contains the foundations of a number of pit dwellings, a cemetery, and a group of raised-floor buildings, presumed to be granaries, arranged around a central plaza. It was inhabited for approximately a thousand years. Such circular settlements from the middle Jōmon period (about 5,000 to 4,000 years ago) are widely distributed in Kantō and Kōshin'etsu regions, and the Musashino Terrace and Tama Hills have the second highest density of such settlements next to the cluster at the southern foot of Mount Yatsugatake in Nagano Prefecture.
Many pieces of Jōmon pottery have been found at the site before World War II, including many which originated in the southern Tōhoku region. The site was first excavated in 1950 by archaeologist Tadashi Yoshida. At the time it was called the "Sakagami Ruins". Large scale excavations were conducted in 1973 and 1975 and the site was renamed to its present name. This is one of the largest known middle Jōmon period settlements in the southern Kantō region.
The site was backfilled after excavation, but is preserved as . The site is a seven minute walk from Higashi-Fushimi Station on the Seibu Shinjuku Line.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Tōkyō)
References
External links
Nishitōkyō City home page
Tokyo Cultural Properties Database
Archaeological sites in Japan
Jōmon period
Nishitōkyō, Tokyo
History of Tokyo
Historic Sites of Japan
The Battle of Gettysburg is a 1955 American documentary film about the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. The film was nominated for two Academy Awards.
The documentary was filmed in Cinemascope and Eastmancolor entirely on location at the Gettysburg National Military Park in south-central Pennsylvania. Leslie Nielsen provides narration, while songs from the Civil War era are played in the background with the sound effects of battle. At the end of the film, Nielsen reads the Gettysburg Address.
No actors appear onscreen. Schary photographed memorial statues and bas-reliefs already present on battlefield from various angles and distances, then juxtaposed the footage to suggest that the static images were actual characters taking part in a dramatic re-enactment of the battle. In some scenes, the turbulence created by an off-screen helicopter is used to press down tall grasses, suggesting the passage of invisible soldiers.
In 1956, the film was nominated for Oscars for Best Documentary, Short Subject (Dore Schary) and Best Short Subject, Two-reel (also for Dore Schary).
See also
List of American films of 1955
References
External links
1955 films
American documentary films
Documentary films about the American Civil War
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer short films
1955 documentary films
Battle of Gettysburg
Films directed by Herman Hoffman
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
The 1983 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships took place between June 18–20 at IUPUI Track and Soccer Stadium on the campus of Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis in Indianapolis, Indiana. The meet was organized by The Athletics Congress.
The Marathon championships were the San Francisco Marathon for men and the Avon International Marathon for women.
In addition to being the National Championship, it was the selection meet to international teams including for the 1983 World Championships in Athletics.
This meet is famous for Carl Lewis' 200 meters, where after clearly separating from their competitors. they began celebrating more than 10 meters from the finish. Presumed to have slowed because of the celebration, Lewis missed Pietro Mennea's altitude assisted world record by .03. While they won the Olympic gold medal the following year, Lewis would never run faster.
Results
Men track events
Men field events
Women track events
Women field events
See also
United States Olympic Trials (track and field)
References
Results from T&FN
results
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Usa Outdoor Track And Field Championships, 1983
Track and field
Track and field in Indiana
Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Sports in Indiana
Brunswick is an unincorporated community in Hanover Township, Lake County, Indiana.
History
Brunswick was founded in the 1850s. The community was named after Brunswick, Germany.
Geography
Brunswick is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
populated places established in the 1850s
1850s establishments in Indiana
The third season of the Tyler Perry's House of Payne began airing on March 5, 2008, and concluded on April 23, 2008. It stars Keshia Knight Pulliam who joins the cast as Miranda, Cassi Davis as Ella Payne, LaVan Davis as Curtis Payne, Allen Payne as CJ Payne, Lance Gross as Calvin Payne, Demetria McKinney as Janine Payne, Larramie "Doc" Shaw as Malik Payne, China Anne McClain as Jazmine Payne, and Denise Burse as Claretha Jenkins. The season contained 16 episodes.
Episodes
References
Tyler Perry's House of Payne seasons
2008 American television seasons
In Hawaiian mythology, Kinilau is the son of Menehune, son of Luanu'u. Hawaiians claim descent from the youngest of the twelve sons of Kinilau-a-mano (Tregear 1891:513).
See also
Tinirau - general Polynesian
Tinilau - Samoa
Tinirau and Kae - Māori
References
E.R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay), 1891.
Hawaiian mythology
Shame is a 2011 British psychological erotic drama film, set in New York, directed by Steve McQueen, co-written by McQueen and Abi Morgan, and starring Michael Fassbender and Carey Mulligan as grown siblings. It was co-produced by Film4 and See-Saw Films. The film's explicit scenes reflecting the protagonist's sexual addiction resulted in a rating of NC-17 in the United States. Shame was released in the United Kingdom on 13 January 2012. It received generally positive reviews, with praise for Fassbender's and Mulligan's performances, realistic depiction of sexual addiction, and direction.
Plot
Brandon Sullivan is an executive living in New York City. They have frequent sex with prostitutes, views porn, and masturbates several times daily. One day, Brandon makes eye contact with a woman wearing an engagement ring on the subway during their morning commute. They initially reciprocate but becomes uncomfortable. When they exit, they disappear into the crowd. Brandon and their married boss, David, hit on women at a club. Later, Brandon has sex in a back alley with the woman David was pursuing at the club.
Brandon has been ignoring calls from their sister, Sissy, a lounge singer. They arrive at their apartment and is startled to find them in their shower, thinking it may have been a burglar. Sissy has a few gigs in the city and asks to stay; they later hears them pleading on the telephone with their lover not to reject them After Brandon's company computer system is infected with a computer virus, they find that their hard drive is full of pornography. David assumes Brandon's intern is responsible.
Later, Brandon and David watch Sissy perform "New York, New York" in a bar, which makes Brandon emotional. David flirts with them and notices the scars of self-inflicted wounds on their arms. Sissy has sex with David in their brother's bedroom. Later that night, Sissy attempts to get in bed with Brandon; they order them out of the room.
Brandon goes on a date with co-worker Marianne, who is recently separated and believes in commitment, while Brandon dislikes the idea of marriage and admits that their relationships never last longer than four months. When they reach the subway, they go home separately.
That night, Sissy discovers Brandon masturbating in their bathroom. They attack them and accuses them of spying on him. They find their laptop open on a pornographic webcam site; Brandon slams it shut, and a disturbed Sissy leaves. Brandon disposes of their pornography, sex toys, and laptop. In the office, they kiss Marianne and the two get a hotel room, Brandon does a line of coke but then cannot get an erection. Marianne leaves; later, Brandon has aggressive sex with a prostitute in the same room.
Brandon tells Sissy that David has a family and asks them to leave. They say that, as family, they should help each other, but Brandon calls them irresponsible and a burden. Brandon goes to a bar and propositions a woman, describing explicitly what they would do to them  They are close to succumbing when their boyfriend intervenes. Brandon laughs in their face. After they leaf, the boyfriend follows and brutally beats him. When they are barred from another club, they go to a nearby gay bar and is fellated by a man. After leaving, they listen to a voicemail from Sissy, crying as they say that they are not bad people but just come from a bad place. Brandon has a threesome with prostitutes.
While Brandon is riding the subway home, the passengers are asked to disembark due to a police emergency, implicitly a suicide. They frantically call Sissy, but they do not answer. Arriving home, they find Sissy on the bathroom floor covered in blood, having slashed their wrists. They attempt to stop the bleeding while phoning for help. They survive and they comfort them in hospital. After leaving, they walk until they collapse, sobbing, in the rain.
Back on the subway, Brandon sees the woman with the engagement ring again. They make eye contact with them They stand up, ready to exit the train at an approaching station. Brandon does not take their eyes off them
Cast
Michael Fassbender as Brandon Sullivan
Carey Mulligan as Sissy Sullivan
James Badge Dale as David
Nicole Beharie as Marianne
Alex Manette as Steven
Lucy Walters as The Subway Lady
Elizabeth Masucci as Elizabeth
Amy Hargreaves as Hotel Lover
Hannah Ware as Samantha
Robert Montano as Waiter
Production
Development and casting
McQueen worked with producer Iain Canning on the 2008 film Hunger and they reunited to develop Shame with Canning and Emile Sherman's UK/Australia-based See-Saw Films. Screenwriter Abi Morgan was chosen to write the script, making it one of two films they worked on with Film4 (the other being The Iron Lady).
McQueen's lead actor in Hunger, Michael Fassbender, was the first and only choice to play the lead role in Shame. Actors Carey Mulligan and James Badge Dale joined the cast in December 2010 to play the younger sister and boss, respectively, of Fassbender's character. "I had so many passes I couldn't even tell you", said casting director Avy Kaufman, who faced the challenge of casting an NC-17-rated film. Kaufman had a unique assignment from McQueen, who wanted top-quality actors even for tiny parts like Brandon's fly-by-night sexual partners. "The idea was that those partners would propel the story forward with their silence, showing Brandon's state of mind, or even suggesting the history of their relationship with a look or a gesture. The actores, of course, also had to meet certain physical requirements."
Filming
Production was scheduled to begin on location in New York in January 2011, though Fassbender later commented in an interview that they just began shooting their scenes in early March. A majority of the film was shot in and around Chelsea. The office scenes were filmed in the Citigroup Center and the hotel scenes and nightclub scene were shot at the Standard Hotel in the Meatpacking District.
Soundtrack
A soundtrack was released via Sony Classical Records on 6 December 2011.
"New York, New York "Theme"" arrangement and production by Stephen Oremus and piano by Liz Caplan
Personnel
David Butterworth – orchestration (1, 11, 15)
Rolf Wilson – leader (1, 11, 15)
Nick Wollage – engineering, recording, mixing (1, 11, 15)
Pete Hutchings – assistant engineering (1, 11, 15)
Manfred Melchior – mastering
Ian Wood – score editor (1, 11, 15)
Isobel Griffiths – orchestra contractor (1, 11, 15)
Lucy Whalley – assistant orchestra contractor (1, 11, 15)
White Label Productions – design
Steve McQueen – liner notes
Release
Shame premiered at The 68th Venice Film Festival in the main competition. Fassbender won the Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival for their role in the film. It was also screened at The 36th Toronto International Film Festival, The 49th New York Film Festival, The 55th B.F.I. London Film Festival and The 34th Starz Denver Film Festival.
Shame was released in the UK on 13 January 2012, after the limited release screening in the US that commenced on 2 December 2011. Fox Searchlight Pictures paid around $400,000 to acquire the United States distribution rights of Shame.
US rating
The film was rated NC-17 (no children 17 and under admitted) by the Motion Picture Association of America for some explicit sexual content. Fox Searchlight did not appeal the rating or make cuts for the less restrictive R rating. Searchlight president Steve Gilula said, "I think NC-17 is a badge of honor, not a scarlet letter. We believe it is time for the rating to become usable in a serious manner".
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, 79% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 227 reviews, with an average rating of 7.50/10. The website's critics consensus reads, "Boasting stellar performances by Michael Fassbender and Carey Mulligan, Shame is a powerful plunge into the mania of addiction affliction." On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 72 out of 100, based on 41 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun-Times gave the film four out of four stars and described it as "a powerful film" and "courageous and truthful", commenting that "this is a great act of filmmaking and acting. I don't believe I would be able to see it twice." Ebert later named it the second best film of 2011. Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a positive review, stating, "Driven by a brilliant, ferocious performance by Michael Fassbender, Shame is a real walk on the wild side, a scorching look at a case of sexual addiction that's as all-encompassing as a craving for drugs."
Dan Bullock of The Hollywood News said, "Shame is captivating and intensely intimate. McQueen has followed Hunger with an unflinching and compelling film that explores the depths of addiction and the consequential destruction and demise of the mind and although it is sometimes difficult to watch, you won't be able to keep your eyes off it." Justin Chang of Variety gave the film a positive review, commenting, "A mesmerizing companion piece to their 2008 debut, Hunger, this more approachable but equally uncompromising drama likewise fixes its gaze on the uses and abuses of the human body, as Michael Fassbender again strips themselves down, in every way an actor can, for McQueen's rigorous but humane interrogation."
Writing in The New York Times, A. O. Scott said, "McQueen wants to show how the intensity of Brandon's need shuts them off from real intimacy, but this seems to be a foregone conclusion, the result of an elegant experiment that was rigged from the start." Donald Clarke of The Irish Times called it "the most wholesome film made about unwholesomeness since The Exorcist" noting that "the underlying current of Puritanism is, however, more than a little oppressive".
Writing for MUBI, Ignatiy Vishnevetsky said, "Every scene [is] ladled with big dollops of cinema's most respectable cop-out: ambiguity ... Shame wears its emptiness like a badge of honor; McQueen is trying for banal blankness, and though they succeed in that respect, you kind of wish that a filmmaker (and one with a background as an artist at that) would aspire to do more than just say nothing."
In the blog for the British journal The Art of Psychiatry, psychiatrist Abby Seltzer praised Mulligan for their portrayal of an individual with borderline personality disorder. While they had initially approached the film warily because of reviews that focused on Brandon's sex addiction, they found it "a moving and accurate portrayal of psychopathology ... [that should be] compulsory viewing for all practising clinicians."
Top-ten lists
1st – David Fear, Time Out New York
1st – Gregory Ellwood, HitFix
2nd – Joshua Rothkopf, Time Out New York
2nd – Roger Ebert, Chicago Sun-Times
2nd – Marc Savlov, Austin Chronicle
3rd – Marshall Fine, Hollywood & Fine
3rd – Peter Knegt, Indiewire
3rd – James Berardinelli, Reelviews
4th – Kimberley Jones, Austin Chronicle
5th – Kate Erbland, Boxoffice Magazine
5th – Kristopher Tapley, HitFix
5th – Sasha Stone, Awards Daily
6th – James Rocchi, Boxoffice Magazine
6th – Scott Feinberg, The Hollywood Reporter
6th – Elizabeth Weitzman, New York Daily News
6th – Christopher Bell, Indiewire
7th – Liam Lacey and Rick Groen, The Globe and Mail
7th – Aaron Hills, Village Voice
8th – Kevin Jagernauth, Indiewire
10th – Alison Willmore, The A.V. Club
10th – Don Kaye, MSN Movies
10th – Todd McCarthy, The Hollywood Reporter
In 2016, it was ranked one of the 100 greatest motion pictures since 2000 in a critics' poll conducted by BBC Culture.
Home media
The film was released on Blu-ray and DVD in April 2012.
Accolades
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
2011 independent films
2010s erotic drama films
2010s psychological drama films
Adultery in films
Borderline personality disorder in fiction
British erotic drama films
British independent films
British psychological drama films
Casual sex in films
2010s English-language films
Film4 Productions films
Films about dysfunctional families
Films about sex addiction
Films about siblings
Films directed by Steve McQueen
Films set in Manhattan
Films shot in New York City
HanWay Films films
2010s British films
Imperiale (, translit. Vyzantini rapsodia) is a 1968 Greek drama film directed by George Skalenakis. The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 41st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Cast
Kostas Karras as Emperor
Betty Arvaniti as Zoi
Thodoros Roubanis as (as Theodoros Roubanis)
Yanis Alexandridis
Giorgos Oikonomou
Venia Palliri
Christos Parlas
Yannis Totsikas
Nikos Tsachiridis
Giorgos Zaifidis
Hristoforos Zikas
Christos Zorbas
See also
List of submissions to the 41st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Greek submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
ΒΥΖΑΝΤΙΝΗ ΡΑΨΩΔΙΑ filmography entry in Greek with several images from the film
1968 films
Greek drama films
1960s Greek-language films
1968 drama films
Films directed by George Skalenakis
Luke Fordward (October 7, 1981 – June 30, 2016) better known by their ring name Thunder, was an Australian masked professional wrestler (referred to as a luchador enmascarado in Mexico) best known for their work in the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). They made their Mexican debut in early 2013 portraying a tecnico ("good guy") wrestling character. After a lengthy absence due to injury, they returned in August 2014 as a rudo ("bad guy"). They were one of only a few Australian wrestlers to work in Mexico.
Professional wrestling career
In late 2012, the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) began showing videos of an unidentified masked wrestler, simply referred to as "Mr. 2013". Later on the promos revealed that the man in question was an Australian wrestler called Thunderbird. It was originally believed that Thunderbird was someone who had already worked for CMLL and appeared on TV under a different name and mask and others believed it was Chris Masters coming to CMLL under a new persona. In later promos Thunderbird's Australian accent confirmed that this was someone who had not worked for CMLL before, making them the first Australian to wrestle for CMLL. When they finally made their in-ring debut on 28 January 2013 their name was shortened to simply "Thunder". Thunder teamed up with Rush and La Mascara to defeat the trio of Averno, Mephisto and El Terrible. On 18 March, Thunder teamed up with El Terrible for a Torneo Increibles de Parejas (incredible pairs tournament) in Puebla, Puebla, the tournament featured tag teams made up of a tecnico ("good guy") and a rudo ("Bad guy") wrestler specifically for the tournament. Thunder and rudo El Terrible defeated the team of Ángel de Oro and Rey Escorpión in the first round, but lost to La Sombra and Mr. Águila in the second round and was eliminated from the tournament. In October 2013, Thunder teamed up with Tritón to compete for a shot at the CMLL World Tag Team Championship, but the team lost in the first round to Los Invasores (Morphosis and Kraneo). On 25 October Thunder made their debut on CMLL's Super Viernes ("Super Friday") show, the promotion's main show, teaming up with Rush and La Sombra as the team lost to El Terrible, Vangelis and Tama Tonga. In early 2014 Thunder stopped making wrestling appearances for CMLL, with no official explanation given for why they stopped working for CMLL. They later revealed that they suffered a leg injury that forced them to not compete while recuperating.
After an almost seven-month absence, Thunder returned to the ring during the 5 September 2014, Super Viernes show, entering the ring after the semi-main event match was over. To the surprise of the crowd, Thunder turned rudo by attacking Volador Jr., throwing them outside the ring. To underscore the severity of the attack, CMLL organized to have Volador Jr. taken from the arena on a stretch afterwards. The following day it was announced that Thunder would appear at the CMLL 81st Anniversary Show, teaming with Mr. Niebla and Euforia to fight Volador Jr., Máscara Dorada, and Valiente. The following week Thunder attacked Máscara Dorada after Dorada finished competing in a match, targeting their 81st Anniversary Show opponent.
On 5 June 2015, Thunder joined Dragón Rojo Jr., Pólvora, and Rey Escorpión as the fourth member of Los Revolucionarios. In June 2016 it was revealed that Thunder had been diagnosed with an unidentified form of cancer, which explained their disappearance from CMLL near the end of 2015.
On 30 June 2016, Fordward died from stomach cancer; they were 34 years old.
References
External links
1981 births
2016 deaths
21st-century professional wrestlers
Australian male professional wrestlers
Deaths from stomach cancer
Masked wrestlers
Expatriate professional wrestlers in Mexico
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Deaths from cancer in Mexico
Dark Waters may refer to:
Books and art
Dark Waters, a book by Catherine MacPhail nominated for the 2002 Carnegie Medal
"Dark Waters", an exhibition on the Thames for the London Festival of Architecture 2008
Games
"Dark Waters", a popular add-on for the Neverwinter Nights 2 computer game
Risen 2: Dark Waters, a 2012 video game
Film and TV
Dark Waters (1944 film), a film starring Merle Oberon and Franchot Tone - a woman is targeted for their inheritance
Dark Waters (1956 film), a film starring Omar Sharif
Dark Waters (1994 film), a horror film
Dark Waters (2019 film), directed by Todd Haynes, a legal thriller concerning chemical contamination of a town
"Dark Waters" (Arrow), an episode of the fourth season of Arrow
"Dark Waters" (Once Upon a Time), an episode of the sixth season of Once Upon a Time
Music
Dark Waters, a 1950 opera by Ernst Krenek
Songs
"Dark Waters", a song from the 2001 album In Search of Truth by Swedish band Evergrey
"Dark Waters", a song on the 2005 reissue album More Music for Films
"Dark Waters", a song from the debut God Forbid 1999 album Reject the Sickness
See also
Dark Water (disambiguation)
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
References
External links
FIBA Archive
EuroBasket Women 2009
EuroBasket Women squads
Huw Edwards (born 1961) is a Welsh journalist and newsreader who is the lead presenter of BBC News at Ten.
Huw Edwards may also refer to:
Huw T. Edwards (1892–1970), Welsh trade union leader and nationalist politician
Huw Edwards (politician) (born 1953), British Member of Parliament for Monmouth
Huw Edwards (conductor), Welsh conductor
Huw Edwards (EastEnders), a fictional character on the British television series EastEnders
See also
Hugh Edwards (disambiguation)
The keel-bellied water snake (Bitia hydroides) is a marine homalopsine snake. It belongs to the monotypic genus Bitia.
Geographic range
It is found in Malaysia.
Dentition
Bitia hydroides is noted for its unusual dentition. In all other snakes, any enlarged teeth are located on the dentary or maxilla, with the inner, palatine teeth of the upper jaw being smaller. In Bitia hydroides, the palatine teeth are greatly enlarged. Not enough is known about this animal's feeding behavior or ecology to attempt to infer a function of this peculiar arrangement.
See also
Snake skull
Snake dentition
References
http://www.jstor.org/stable/1447028
Lu, S.; Pang, J.; Yang, D. 2006. Morphological phylogeny of the water snake subfamily Homalopsinae (Serpent: Colubridae). Zoological Research 27 (4): 363–366.
Manthey, U. & Grossmann, W. 1997. "Amphibien & Reptilien Südostasiens". Natur und Tier Verlag (Münster), 512 pp.
Murphy, John C. 2007. Homalopsid Snakes: Evolution in the Mud. Krieger Publishing, Malabar, Florida, 249 pp.
Smedley, N. 1931. Notes on some Malaysian snakes. Bull. Raffl. Mus. No 5: 49–54
Smith, M.A. 1943. The Fauna of British India, Ceylon and Burma, Including the Whole of the Indo-Chinese Sub-Region. Reptilia and Amphibia. 3 (Serpentes). Taylor and Francis, London. 583 pp.
Stoliczka, F. 1870. Observations of some Indian and Malayan Amphibia and Reptilia. Ann. Mag. Nat. Hist. (4) 6: 105–109
Taylor, E.H. 1965. The serpents of Thailand and adjacent waters. Univ. Kansas Sci. Bull. 45 (9): 609–1096
Voris, Harold K., Michael E. Alfaro, Daryl R. Karns, G. Lucas Starnes, Emma Thompson and John C. Murphy 2002. Phylogenetic relationships of the Oriental-Australian rear-fanged water snakes (Colubridae: Homalopsinae) based on Mitochondrial DNA sequences. Copeia 2002 (4): 906–915
Voris, Harold K., Bruce C. Jayne, Todd J. Ward. "Morphology, Reproduction, and Diet of the Marine Homalopsine Snake Bitia hydroides in Peninsular Malaysia.". Copeia, Vol. 1995, No. 4 (Dec. 21, 1995), pp. 800–808.
Homalopsidae
Reptiles described in 1842
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
Christopher Johnson (born April 18, 1991) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker and is the linebackers coach for the Toronto Varsity Blues football team of U Sports.
Early career
Johnson played high school football at Pickering High School, where they were an all-star in 2009. From 2010 to 2013, they played college football for the Toronto Varsity Blues. During their time with the Varsity Blues, they recorded 91 tackles, five sacks, and one interception returned for a touchdown. They also played in the CIS East-West Bowl in 2013.
Professional career
Hamilton Tiger-Cats
At the CFL Regional Combine in Toronto, Johnson impressed scouts by recording a time of 4.74 seconds in the 40-yard dash, a vertical jump of 36 inches, and a broad jump of 118 inches. All three statistics were bests among the linebackers at the Toronto Combine. Johnson was selected by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the fifth round of the 2014 CFL Draft with the 44th overall pick. They were placed on the practice squad before the start of the regular season. Making their CFL debut against the Edmonton Eskimos on September 20, Johnson eventually played in two games with the Tiger-Cats in their 2014 season and recorded two special teams tackles. They were re-signed by the Tiger-Cats on March 11, 2015. However, they were released during training camp on June 14, 2015.
Calgary Stampeders
Two days after being released, the Calgary Stampeders expressed immediate interest and signed Johnson on June 16, 2015. They were placed on the practice roster before the beginning of the regular season. They were released from the practice roster on August 10, 2015.
Montreal Alouettes
On December 21, 2016, Johnson signed with the Montreal Alouettes. However, they were released on May 1, 2017 and did not play in 2017.
Coaching career
Johnson joined the Toronto Varsity Blues in 2021 to serve as the team's linebackers coach.
References
1991 births
Living people
Calgary Stampeders players
Canadian football linebackers
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Montreal Alouettes players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
Toronto Varsity Blues football players
Toronto Varsity Blues football coaches
Marguerite de la nuit (US title: Marguerite of the Night) is a 1955 French language motion picture fantasy drama directed by Claude Autant-Lara, and written by Ghislaine Autant-Lara (screenplay & dialogue) and Gabriel Arout (adaptation), based on novel by Pierre Dumarchais. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Yves Montand.
It tells the story of an older pedant who buys adolescence from Satan.
Cast
Michèle Morgan as Marguerite
Yves Montand as M. Léon
Jean Debucourt as L'homme austère
Jacques Clancy as Angelo
Paul Demange as Ua client du 'Pigall's'
Jacques Erwin as the ténor
Camille Guérini
Suzet Maïs as a client at the 'Pigall's'
Max Mégy
Geneviève Morel as La concierge
Fernand Sardou as Le patron du café
Hélène Tossy as La patronne du café
Massimo Girotti as Valentin
Louis Seigner as L'homme de l'hôtel
Jean-François Calvé as Georges Faust
Palau as Dr. Faust
External links
Marguerite de la nuit at Alice Cinema
1955 films
1950s fantasy films
French fantasy films
1950s French-language films
Films directed by Claude Autant-Lara
Films based on Goethe's Faust
1950s French films
Parliamentary elections were held in Bulgaria in the autumn of 1882. These were the first elections since the suspension of the constitution by the Second Grand National Assembly on 13 July 1881. As part of the amendments adopted by the GNA, the number of representatives was brought down from 307 to 47, the lowest in Bulgarian history. The Liberal Party boycotted the poll in protest over last year's election campaign. This resulted in another conservative majority. The assembly convened on 10 December 1882. Unlike last time, the conservatives showed a surprising degree of independence, that was shown primarily against the Russians. Disagreements over foreign and domestic policies (such as railway construction) led prince Alexander I and the Assembly to stand against Russian influence and restore the constitution on 6 September 1883. This prompted the departure of Russian generals Leonid Sobolev and Alexander Kaulbars and then the forming of a coalition government between Liberals and Conservatives chaired by Dragan Tsankov.
References
Bulgaria
1882 in Bulgaria
Parliamentary elections in Bulgaria
The black-chested tyrant (Taeniotriccus andrei) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Brazil, Suriname, and Venezuela. It is placed in the monotypic genus Taeniotriccus by most ornithologists, although it has formerly been in the genus Poecilotriccus.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
black-chested tyrant
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Brazil
black-chested tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In enzymology, an ascopyrone tautomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
1,5-anhydro-4-deoxy-D-glycero-hex-3-en-2-ulose 1,5-anhydro-4-deoxy-D-glycero-hex-1-en-3-ulose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 1,5-anhydro-4-deoxy-D-glycero-hex-3-en-2-ulose, and one product, 1,5-anhydro-4-deoxy-D-glycero-hex-1-en-3-ulose.
The enzyme is involved with the anhydrofructose pathway.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting keto- and enol-groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 1,5-anhydro-4-deoxy-D-glycero-hex-3-en-2-ulose Delta3-Delta1-isomerase. Other names in common use include ascopyrone isomerase, ascopyrone intramolecular oxidoreductase, 1,5-anhydro-D-glycero-hex-3-en-2-ulose tautomerase, APM tautomerase, ascopyrone P tautomerase, and APTM.
See also
Anhydrofructose pathway
1,5-anhydro-D-fructose dehydratase
exo-(1→4)-α-D-glucan lyase
References
EC 5.3.2
Enzymes of unknown structure
Hopelessly Incapable of Standing in the Way is the debut CD/EP by Spain Colored Orange released in 2005. It preceded their first full-length album, Sneaky Like a Villain, on the label Shout it Out Loud Music.
Spain Colored Orange combines a variety of musical genres, including indie rock, indie pop, '70s rock, psychedelic rock, and jazz.
Track listing
"Momentary Drama" - 5:09
"Maybe It's True" - 6:54
"Let It Go" - 4:02
"Remember One Thing" - 4:02
"Persistent Intermission" - 3:37
"Will You Catch On" - 4:45
"I Kid You Not" - 5:16
Personnel
Gilbert Alfaro - (vocals/piano/synth)
Eric Jackson - (trumpet/organ)
Randy Platt - (guitars)
Steve Burnett - (bass)
James Diederich - (drums)
Justin Peak - (keys/production)
Bill Matney - guest percussionist
Awards
2006 Houston Press Music Awards:
Album of the year
References
External links
[ Hopelessly Incapable...] at allmusic
2005 albums
Pathaha Pokuna is an ancient bathing tank or pool situated in Udugampola, Sri Lanka. It is located approximately from Udugampola Roundabout and close to the historic temple Uththararama Purana Vihara. The pond has been formally recognised by the Government as an archaeological protected monument in Sri Lanka. The designation was declared on 8 July 2005 under the government Gazette number 1401.
History
The information found in Rajaveliya and Alakeshwara Yuddhaya reveals that Udugampola and its surrounding area was a sub kingdom during the Kotte period. King Sakalakala Wallabha, one of three sons of King Parakramabahu VIII reign this region as a viceroy while their eldest brother King Parakramabahu IX reign the Kingdom of Kotte. The third son, King Thaniya Wallabha reign in Madampe area. According to the archaeological evidences found around the area called Maliga godella where the Udugampola Uththararama temple stands today is supposed to be place where the palace of King Sakala Kala Wallabha was situated. The Pathaha Pokuna adjoining the Uththararama temple has been identified as the bathing pool of the king.
Folklore
King Sakalakala Wallabha is identified as a brilliant warrior in Kotta era. Being a popular king among the regional people, their reigning period and the transition of the throne was longed. Due to that their two of seven sons, prince Kalu Kumara Bandara and Veeramunda planned to kill their father by planting pointed wood with metal tips hidden under the water of Pathaha pond where the king used to bathe. But before jumping onto the points the king observed small flying insects landing on the water surface. Upon further scrutiny the king found the insects were landing on the points. Understanding the situation the king ordered the killing of their sons. But Kalu Kumara Bandara escaped and vanished to Sri Pada area and later committed suicide by jumping off a cliff. It is believed that they became a supernatural called "Kalu Kumaraya".
The pond
Pathaha Pokuna at Udugampola is said to be one of the largest bathing pools found in Asia. Built in the shape of English letter "L", the pond is considered as an excellent construction belonging to the Udugampola principality. Its total extent is 25,805 square feet. The walls of the pond has been made of laterite with short juts protruding outwards from the bottom to the top. The laterite blocks used in the construction of the pond are varied in size but have been fitted nicely. The bunds of the south and the east banks of the pond are made of laterite blocks in a systematic manner while there is no evidence of the use of laterite for the portion of the bank extending about 122 meters to the north south direction.
See also
Kuttam Pokuna
References
Tourist attractions in Gampaha District
Archaeological protected monuments in Gampaha District
Akhmanovo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Akhmanovsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 476 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Akhmanovo is located 9 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Starye Balykly is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
2010 Mito HollyHock season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Mito HollyHock
Mito HollyHock seasons
Birthana asmenopa is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1925. It is found in New Guinea.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are purple-blackish with a gently curved rather broad even deep orange fascia from the middle of the costa to three-fourths of the dorsum. There is a leaden-blue terminal line. The hindwings are blackish with a broad slightly curved transverse orange band occupying from before the middle to five-sixths of the wing, the anterior edge rather irregular.
References
Moths described in 1925
Immidae
Moths of Asia
In enzymology a cellobiose epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
cellobiose D-glucosyl-D-mannose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, cellobiose, and one product, D-glucosyl-D-mannose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and their derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is cellobiose 2-epimerase. Enzymes like these can produce a more rapid syndrome that can speed up the process of many life-threatening diseases such as Necrotizing Fasciitis.
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
Calochilus cleistanthus, commonly known as the pallid beard orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to Queensland. It has up to four small, pale green to yellowish green flowers which remain closed and the plant is apparently leafless. It is only known from a single location on the Cape York Peninsula.
Description
Calochilus cleistanthus is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber but is apparently leafless. Up to four pale green to yellowish green flowers long and wide are borne on a very thin, wiry, yellowish green flowering stem tall. The flowers do not open, but are held horizontally for about one day, then become erect. The dorsal sepal is about long and wide and the lateral sepals are about long and wide. The petals are about long and wide. Unlike most others in the genus, the labellum lacks a "beard" and sham "eyes". The flowers appear from December to January.
Taxonomy and naming
Calochilus cleistanthus was first formally described in 2004 by David Jones and the description was published in The Orchadian from specimens collected on Cape York. The specific epithet (cleistanthus) is derived from the Ancient Greek words kleistos meaning "shut" or "closed" and anthos meaning "flower".
Distribution and habitat
The pallid beard orchid grows in swampy places with rushes and sedges in woodland and is only known from the type location.
References
cleistanthus
Orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 2004
Rigby may refer to:
People
Amy Rigby (born 1959), American singer-songwriter
Beth Rigby (born 1976), British journalist
Bob Rigby (born 1951), American soccer goalkeeper
Cam Rigby (born 1978), Australian basketball player
Cathy Rigby (born 1952), American gymnast and actor
Claude Rigby (1882–1960), Irish cricketer and radiologist
Elizabeth Rigby, (1809–1893) later Lady Elizabeth Eastlake, British art historian
Emma Rigby (born 1989), English actor
Hannah Rigby (1794–1853), Australian convict
Jean Rigby (born 1954), English opera and concert singer
John Rigby (artist) (1922–2012), Australian artist
John Rigby (martyr) (died 1600), English Catholic martyr
John Rigby (mathematician) (1933–2014), English mathematician and academic
John Rigby (rower) (1906–1975), New Zealand rower
Sir John Rigby (politician) (1834–1903), British lawyer and politician
Jonathan Rigby (born 1963), English film critic and actor
Lee Rigby (1987–2013), British soldier and murder victim
Nicholas Rigby ( 1800–1886), English catholic priest
Norman Rigby (1923–2001), English footballer
Paul Rigby (1924–2006), Australian cartoonist
Sir Peter Rigby (born 1943), British entrepreneur and chairperson of SCC
Richard Rigby (1772–1848), British/Irish politician and business person
Terence Rigby (1937–2008), English actor
Tim Rigby (politician), politician in Ontario, Canada
Tim Rigby (sportscaster), sports anchor for WJAC-TV in Pennsylvania, USA
Will Rigby (born 1956), American drummer and ex-husband of Amy Rigby
William Charles Rigby (1834–1913), Australian bookseller
Places
Rigby, Idaho, U.S.
Rigby High School
Rigby's La Plaza Historic District, Florida, U.S.
Other
.416 Rigby, a rifle cartridge
John Rigby & Company, a manufacturer of firearms
Rigby v Connol, a UK labour law case
A character in the animated television sitcom Regular Show
An imprint of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Abbreviation for "Richard is great, but y'know..." used in Silicon Valley (TV series)
See also
Eleanor Rigby, Beatles song
Eleanor Rigby (disambiguation)
Rigsby (disambiguation)
Rinkeby, a district in Stockholm, Sweden
English-language surnames
Danish-language surnames
Tulbagh, named after Dutch Cape Colony Governor Ryk Tulbagh, is a town located in the "Land van Waveren" mountain basin (also known as the Tulbagh basin), in the Winelands of the Western Cape, South Africa. The basin is fringed on three sides by mountains, and is drained by the Klein Berg River and its tributaries. The nearest towns are Ons Rust and Gouda beyond the Nuwekloof Pass, Wolseley some to the south inside the basin, and Ceres and Prince Alfred Hamlet beyond Michell's Pass in the Warm Bokkeveld.
History
The basin has been inhabited for thousands of years by indigenous Bushmen and Khoi-San peoples. It was about 300 years ago when, after a land grant by the Dutch Colonial Government to a more or less equal number of Dutch and Huguenot settlers to settle the area, that the town of Tulbagh was founded. The region was named "Land van Waveren" in 1699 by Willem Adriaan van der Stel in honour of the Oetgens van Waveren family, from which their mother was descended. Before this date, but also subsequent to it, the region had also been known as Roodezand ("red sand"). The region corresponds to the present Tulbagh district, named after Governor Ryk Tulbagh. The town developed slowly and over time and in the period many notable examples of Cape Dutch architecture, Victorian and Edwardian houses and other buildings such as the Oude Kerk (1743) and the Oude Drosdy (the original colonial Magistrate's complex) were built.
1969 earthquake
In September 1969 the Boland area was hit by an earthquake that caused considerable damage to the town of Tulbagh. Many of the Church Street buildings were destroyed. The extent of the damage was aptly described by the Journal Bulletin of the Simon van der Stel Foundation in 1973: "A street that somehow captured the essential spirit of a unique culture looked as if it was in the throes of a nightmare: many fine gables had either tumbled or were totally destroyed, whole sections of many houses had collapsed, most of the soft brick walls had burst open in wide cracks, plaster had been torn by off in large sheets, rafters and roofs had caved in. Everything appeared to be in total and irreparable ruin."
After the disaster in Church Street, extensive projects of restoration began with the National Committee for the Restoration of Historic Buildings in Tulbagh and its Environment. Because of this work Tulbagh now contains possibly the largest number of Cape-Dutch, Edwardian and Victorian provincial heritage sites in one street in South Africa, and remains a major tourist attraction of the town to the present day. The work started by the committee has been continued to the present day by various residents of Tulbagh, but also significantly by the Tulbagh Valley Heritage Foundation, which aims to restore and maintain "all structures older than 60 years, the cultural landscape and undeveloped properties connected to the historical structures above".
Geography
The bowl is surrounded by the Obiqua Mountains to the west, Groot Winterhoek Mountain to the north and the Witzenberg Mountains to the east, with peaks that rise to over . The basin experiences a type of Mediterranean climate. The southern side is open to cooling south-east winds during the hot summer months. Accordingly, Tulbagh enjoys some of the most diverse and attractive conditions for viticulture in the Cape, and the differences in terroir available to winemakers allow for a wide diversity of distinctive wines.
The Groot Winterhoek Mountains are part of the Cape Fold Belt. They rise to a maximum height of just north of the town of Tulbagh as Groot Winterhoek peak. The Groot Winterhoek Wilderness Area, operated by CapeNature, comprises a conservation area of 30,608 ha.
Flora and Fauna
Many animals, such as baboons, bat-eared foxes, lynxes, and smaller species of antelope, live in parts of the valley, and it is known that leopards still occur in the mountains . Baboons are a common sight on the pass. The Witzenberg Valley is home to a wide variety of birds, including the Cape sugarbird and Verreaux's eagle.
The most conspicuous components of the flora are evergreen sclerophyllous plants, many with ericoid leaves and gracile habit, as opposed to timber forest. Several plant families are conspicuous in fynbos; the Proteaceae are prominent, with genera such as Protea, Leucospermum (the "pincushions"), and Leucadendron (the silver tree and "cone bushes"). Proteas are represented by many species and are prominent in the landscape, generally with large striking flowers, many of which are pollinated by birds, and others by small mammals.
Tulbagh today
Events
Tulbagh hosts various events every year. In June, the village Christmas in Winter; in September the Tulbagh Spring Arts Festival showcases a variety of visual and performing arts; and the annual Tulbagh Horse & Wildflower Show. Tulbagh has also previously hosted the Absa Cape Epic mountain bike stage race.
Wine production
Wine has been produced for many years in the basin on a commercial scale, but only recently have large advances been made. There are now numerous wine estates in and around the town. The importance of this industry for the vicinity is substantial, so much so that many of the producers are now part of the Tulbagh Wine Route and this is attracting increasing numbers of tourists to Tulbagh who are eager to sample the wines produced by the members. Many new vineyards have been planted and more private cellars are either being planned or built to cope with the expected production volumes of quality wines.
Tulbagh also has two nearby schools: one named Waveren Hoërskool (Waveren Highschool) and another named Tulbagh Hoër (Tulbagh High).
See also
List of heritage sites in Tulbagh
Louis Michel Thibault
References
Further information
Populated places in the Witzenberg Local Municipality
Populated places established in 1795
1795 establishments in the Dutch Empire
Dimitri Zhdanov (born 14 October 1969) is a Russian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in four editions of the Tour de France.
Major results
1988
1st Overall Vuelta a Navarra
1st Stage 1a Vuelta al Táchira
3rd Overall Vuelta a Cantabria
5th Overall Circuit Cycliste Sarthe
1989
2nd Overall Circuit Franco Belge
1st Stage 5a
1990
1st Overall Circuit Cycliste Sarthe
1st Stage 4a
1st Overall Tour de Normandie
1st Stages 3a & 3b
1st Overall Tour of Sweden
1st Stage 5a (ITT)
1st Stage 11 Ruta Mexico
4th Overall Tour DuPont
1991
6th Overall Critérium International
6th Overall 4 Jours de Dunkerque
8th Overall Ronde van Nederland
1992
1st Trofeo Pantalica
7th Overall Vuelta a Murcia
7th Overall Ronde van Nederland
1993
1st Tour de Vendée
2nd GP de Fourmies
7th Overall Tour de Suisse
9th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Russian male cyclists
Cyclists from Moscow
Don't Fall may refer to:
"Don't Fall", song by post-punk band the Chameleons Script of the Bridge 1983
"Don't Fall", song by Heaven 17 from Naked as Advertised 2008
"Don't Fall", song by Steve Hackett from Feedback 86
"Don't Fall", song by White Lies from Friends (White Lies album)
AUX 88 is an electro group from Michigan, United States. AUX 88 is composed of Tom Tom (Tommy Hamilton) and Keith Tucker (DJ name DJ K1.) and BJ - William (POSATRONIX) Smith (BJ)and Anthony Horton (Blak Tony). The group was originally formed as "RX-7" in 1985. The group also formed another project known as Sight Beyond Sight, before forming AUX 88 in 1993. In 1995, Tucker went solo and Hamilton continued as Aux 88 together with dancer William "BJ" Smith. After Smith left, Aux 88 became Hamilton's solo project. Keith Tucker and BJ Smith later rejoined the band. The band now has only two members: Tommy Hamilton and William Bj Smith (TOMTOM AND POSATRONIX)
Aux 88 have released a string of singles, primarily on 430 West and Direct Beat Records. Their debut album Bass Magnetic came out in 1993 and was followed by Is It Man or Machine? in 1996, followed by Hamilton's solo project, Xeo-Genetic (1998), which won for Detroit Music Awards' Best Artist and Best Recording. In 1999 Aux 8 released a CD in the Electro Boogie series of mixed albums. In 2005 Aux 88 released their self-titled third album Aux 88. Aux 88 have also released music under the aliases Aux Men and Alien FM.
AUX88 is now moving into the next chapter of their journey. They have launched their New Record Label imprint appropriately called "ELECTROSTATIC". The Future is near.
Discography
1993: Bass Magnetic
1996: Is It Man or Machine?
1998: Reprogramming The Machine
1998: Xeo-Genetic
2005: AUX 88
2009: Mad Scientist
2010: Aux 88 Presents Black Tokyo
2020: Counterparts
References
External links
Discography
American electro musicians
American electronic musicians
Artists from Michigan
The following list of U-boat regions pertains to the higher echelon commands for the U-boat flotillas during World War II. The regions were organized between 1941 and 1944 and were commanded by an officer known as the Führer der Unterseeboote for their particular region. Regions could contain as few as two flotillas with as many as ten.
History
Before the outbreak of World War II, individual U-boat flotillas were under the direct command of a single Führer der Unterseeboote (F.d.U.) in the person of Karl Dönitz. who had also acted as commander of the 1st U-boat Flotilla. In 1939, Dönitz's title was renamed as the Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote (B.d.U.) to which all the flotillas directly reported.
The first U-boat region was created in Italy in November 1941 to provide local command authority for the U-boat flotillas operating in the Mediterranean Sea. The largest region, "Region West" headquartered in Paris, was established in 1942 to oversee U-boat activity during the Battle of the Atlantic.
Later war U-boat regions were created between 1943 and 1944 due to the various operational needs of the U-boat flotillas. The standard rank for a U-boat region commander was either Fregattenkapitän or Kapitän zur See. Towards the end of the war, a new office known as Kommandierender Admiral der Unterseeboote, was established by the Kriegsmarine to direct overall submarine operations. An office known as the Operationsabteilung (b.d.U.op) coordinated specific U-boat tactics.
In the last weeks of the war, when U-boat operations were mostly restricted to the North Sea around Norway, the Oberkommando der Marine (OKM) became the direct commander for the U-boat regions. Some flotillas overlapped between regions due to shifting base assignments and operational tasking.
Atlantic U-boat regions
U-boat Region West - Führer der Unterseeboote West (F.d.U.West)
The F.d.U. West region was the largest U-boat command established during the Second World War. The region began in July 1942 as a legal affairs office known as the Gericht des Führer der Unterseeboote West. In 1943, the U-boat region was expanded under the command of Kapitän zur See Hans-Rudolf Rösing and moved its command to Angers.
At its height, the U-boat Region West held authority over ten U-boat flotillas. Day-to-day operations were overseen by two staff offices (1. und 2. Admiralstabsoffizier). The command also maintained an engineering office, administrative office, medical department, as well as the original legal office.
Specific assigned flotillas were:
1st U-boat Flotilla
2nd U-boat Flotilla
3rd U-boat Flotilla
6th U-boat Flotilla
7th U-boat Flotilla
9th U-boat Flotilla
10th U-boat Flotilla
11th U-boat Flotilla
12th U-boat Flotilla
13th U-boat Flotilla
In August 1944, as the Germans withdrew from France, the staff of region west evacuated to Norway. The command technically existed until the end of the war, although its authority now overlapped with the North Sea U-boat regions.
U-boat Region Central - Führer der Unterseeboote Mitte (F.d.U.Mitte)
This U-boat region was formed in May 1944 solely for combating the anticipated Allied invasion of France. No flotillas were ever assigned and the region disbanded after the Invasion of Normandy.
Mediterranean U-boat regions
U-boat Region Italy - Führer der Unterseeboote Italien (F.d.U.Italien)
Existed from 1941 to 1943 before being renamed as the U-boat Region Mediterranean.
23rd U-boat Flotilla
29th U-boat Flotilla
U-boat Region Mediterranean - Führer der Unterseeboote Mittelmeer (F.d.U.Mittelmeer)
Received the 23rd and 29th flotillas from the Italian region due to restructuring in 1943. Eventually dwindled to only three U-boats assigned to the entire region. By the end of the war, the region was a paper command placed under the authority of the "Admiral Ägäis Division", part of Marinegruppenkommando Süd.
North Sea U-boat regions
U-boat Region East - Führer der Unterseeboote Ost (B.d.U.Ost)
4th U-boat Flotilla
8th U-boat Flotilla
31st U-boat Flotilla
32nd U-boat Flotilla
U-boat Region Norway - Führer der Unterseeboote Norwegen (F.d.U.Norwegen)
The last U-boat region to be in operation as of May 1945 when Germany surrendered.
11th U-boat Flotilla
13th U-boat Flotilla
14th U-boat Flotilla
29th U-boat Flotilla
U-boat Region North Sea - Führer der Unterseeboote Nordmeer (F.d.U.Nordmeer)
Made up of retreating U-boat flotillas during the German withdrawal from Occupied France. Shared exactly the same operational area with U-boat Region Norway and technically had command over the same flotillas.
Asian U-boat regions
U-boat Area Southeast Asia - Chef im Südraum
This was a special U-boat region established in December 1944 was an operational command authority for the Monsun Gruppe. The region was headquartered in Penang and was under the command of Fregattenkapitän Wilhelm Dommes.
Training flotillas
The U-boat training flotillas were originally organized under a single U-boat training division (Unterseebootslehrdivisionen) and were later placed under the command of an office known as the F.d.U. Ausb. - Führer der U-Ausbildungsflottillen.
5th U-boat Flotilla - Training flotilla in Kiel
18th U-boat Flotilla - Training flotilla in Poland which performed combat operations in the Baltic Sea
19th U-boat Flotilla - Training flotilla in Kiel for prospective U-boat commanders
20th U-boat Flotilla - Training flotilla in the Baltic (Baltiysk)
21st U-boat Flotilla - Primary "basic training" flotilla for the U-boat service
22nd U-boat Flotilla - Training flotilla in Wilhelmshaven
24th U-boat Flotilla - Training flotilla in Danzig
25th U-boat Flotilla - Naval artillery training flotilla in Danzig
26th U-boat Flotilla - The U-boat service's torpedo training school
27th U-boat Flotilla - U-boat tactical operations training school
Unassigned flotillas
Flotillas 15, 16, and 17 were scheduled for activation between 1942 and 1943 but were never organized and thus never assigned to a region. Flotilla 28 was ordered in 1944 and likewise never formed.
The 30th U-boat Flotilla operated independently in the Black Sea and was never assigned to a U-boat region. The last flotilla of the war (the 33rd U-boat Flotilla) also operated independently of a region.
References
U-boat regions
U-boat regions
U-boat regions
The Daniel H. and William T. Caswell Houses are two historic homes in downtown Austin, Texas completed near the turn of the 20th century.
The buildings are located at 1404 and 1502 West Avenue, respectively. The Daniel H. Caswell House is home to the Austin Junior Forum, a volunteer organization. The William T. Caswell House is used for office space. Both were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text (Daniel H. Caswell House)
Daniel H. Caswell came to Austin from Nashville, Tennessee, about 1895. They purchased a cotton oil manufacturing company, bought and sold cotton, and in 1899 built a cotton gin. When completed for their family in 1900, this house was located in the far northwest corner of the city. The Caswell house, which exhibits influences of late Victorian, Colonial Revival, and Chateauesque style, features a corner turret and porches supported on rusticated piers. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark-1984
References
External links
Austin Junior Forum
Houses in Austin, Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Austin, Texas
Neoclassical architecture in Texas
Renaissance Revival architecture in Texas
Houses completed in 1900
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks
City of Austin Historic Landmarks
Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi () is a retired four-star admiral of the Pakistan Navy who served as the 16th Chief of the Naval Staff (CNS) of Pakistan Navy from 7 October 2017 until 7 October 2020.
Career
Abbasi joined the Pakistan Navy in 1979 after graduating from Cadet College Hasanabdal. They were educated at the Pakistan Naval Academy and did their initial training at the Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth in the United Kingdom. They were commissioned in the Navy as a Lieutenant in 1981 upon graduating from the Naval Academy and was conferred with the Sword of Honour. They served as an executive officer in a Tariq-class destroyer.
Later they joined the Submarine Branch, and specialised in underwater warfare in Pakistan as well as qualified for the surface warfare from the United States.
 They are a graduate of the Royal Australian Naval College, attending it in 1989, and attained a B.S., and a MSc from the National Defence University.
Their command assignment included their role as commandant of the Naval Academy, as well as Director-General of the Maritime Security Agency, which they commanded from 2010 until 2011. From 2001 to 2003, they were the commanding officer of the PNS Khaiber. From 2005 until 2007, they commanded the 21st Mine Squadron and 25th Destroyer Squadron. In 2008, they were promoted to one-star rank, Commodore, and was the Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations) and later, the Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Plans), until they were promoted to two-star rank in 2010.
Rear-Admiral Abbasi took over the command of the Combined Task Force 150 which they led from April 2010 until October 2010. In 2013, Rear-Admiral Abbasi took over the command as Commander Logistics (COMLOG) but this was a short-lived appointment.
In 2013, Rear-Admiral Abbasi was appointed as the Commander of the Karachi Coast (COMCOAST), becoming Flag officer commanding (FOC) of the Pakistan Marines.
In 2014, Rear-Admiral Abbasi was appointed as fleet commander of the Pakistan Navy as Commander, Pakistan Fleet (COMPAK) with three-star rank promotion.
In 2014, Vice-Admiral Abbasi was a contender to be appointed as a four-star admiral and take over the command of the Navy as its Chief of Naval Staff, along with Vice-Admiral Khan Hasham bin Saddique and Vice-Admiral S. A. Hussaini. However, the most senior admiral in the Navy, Admiral Mohammad Zakaullah was promoted to the four-star appointment, They continued serving as the Deputy Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations) at the Naval Headquarters.
Upon the retirement of Vice-Admiral Khan Hasham bin Saddique, Vice-Admiral Abbasi took over as the vice chief of naval staff in June 2017.
Chief of Naval Staff
On 3 October 2017, Vice-Admiral Abbasi was promoted to four-star admiral in the Navy, and was announced by the MoD of their appointment to take over the command of the Navy as Chief of Naval Staff. They supersede no one and was the senior most-ranking admiral in the Navy.
On 7 October 2017, Admiral Abbasi took over the command of the Navy as Chief of Naval Staff from outgoing Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah at the PNS Zafar in Islamabad.
On 30 October 2017, Admiral Abbasi was conferred and honored with Nishan-e-Imtiaz (Military) by the President Mamnoon Hussain for "recognition of their long meritorious services, exceptionally commendable performance and inspirational devotion to duty."
On 15 December 2017, Admiral Abbasi was conferred with "Legion of Merit of the Turkish Armed Forces" by Commander Turkish Naval Forces, Vice Admiral Adnan Ozbal during their official visit to Turkey.
On 13 March 2018, Abbasi was awarded with Saudi Arabia's Order of King Abdulaziz by the Chief of General Staff of the Royal Saudi Armed Forces Fayyadh Al Ruwaili.
On 1 February 2020, Abbasi was awarded Bintang Jalasena Utama, Indonesia's highest military award.
They retired from the Pakistan Navy as Chief of the Naval Staff on 7 October 2020.
Awards and Decorations
Foreign decorations
See also
Pakistan Marines
Syed Arifullah Hussaini
References
External links
Living people
Pakistan Naval Academy alumni
Pakistan Navy admirals
National Defence University, Pakistan alumni
S
S
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Austin and Northwestern Railroad Historic District-Fairland to Llano is a historic district in Burnet County and Llano County, Texas, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The listing included four contributing buildings, 43 contributing structures, and three contributing sites.
It is located near Kingsland, Texas and runs roughly along railroad tracks from Fairland to Llano. It also was known as Southern Pacific Railroad—Fairland to Llano branch.
The historic district is generally a linear strip along the railroad with a width of the right-of-way for the tracks. The three exceptions to this are the Fairland wye, the Antlers Hotel in Kingsland and the original depot in Llano, Texas.
See also
Austin and Northwestern Railroad
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Burnet County, Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Llano County, Texas
Buildings and structures completed in 1891
Hotels in Texas
James Mackey is a professional poker player.
James Mackey may also refer to:
James Mackey (theologian), Catholic theologian
James Page Mackey (1913–2009), chief of police
Biz Mackey (James Raleigh Mackey), American catcher and manager in Negro league baseball
Jim Mackey (1897–1990), English footballer
Jim Mackey (administrator), British NHS executive
See also
James Mackie (disambiguation)
James Mackay (disambiguation)
James McKay (disambiguation)
The 2011 Faroe Islands Cup was the 57th edition of the Faroe Islands domestic football cup. It started on 26 March 2011 and ended with the final on 8 August 2011. EB/Streymur were the defending champions, having won their third cup title the previous year. The winner of the competition will qualify for the first qualifying round of the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League.
Only the first teams of Faroese football clubs were allowed to participate. The Preliminary Round involved only teams from 1. deild, 2. deild and 3. deild competitions. Teams from the highest division entered the competition in the First Round.
Preliminary round
Entering this round are two clubs from the 1. deild, two clubs from the 2. deild and two clubs from the 3. deild. These matches took place on 26 March 2011. The draw for this round of the competition took place on 7 March 2011.
|}
First round
Entering in this round are the three winners from the Preliminary Round, all ten clubs from the Faroe Islands Premier League and three clubs from the 1. deild. These matches took place on 2 April 2011. The draw for this round of the competition took place on 7 March 2011.
|}
Quarterfinals
Entering this round are the eight winners from the First Round. These matches took place on 4 May 2011.
|}
Semifinals
Entering this round are the four winners from the Quarterfinals. These ties will be played over two legs and will be played on 19 May 2011 and 14 June 2011.
|}
Final
Top goalscorers
References
External links
Official site
soccerandequipment.com
Faroe Islands Cup on rsssf.com
Faroe Islands Cup seasons
Cup
Faroe Islands Cup
Grant Earl Mouser Jr. (February 20, 1895 – December 21, 1943) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1929 to 1933.
They were the son of Grant E. Mouser, who also served as a United States member of congress from Ohio.
Biography
Born in Marion, Ohio, Mouser attended the public schools and Ohio Wesleyan University at Delaware in 1913 and 1914.
They were graduated from the law college of Ohio State University at Columbus in 1917 and was admitted to the bar the same year.
During the First World War was graduated from the Army Medical School at Washington, D.C., in 1918, and served in the United States Army as a second lieutenant in the Medical Corps with the Western Reserve University College Ambulance Unit.
They commenced the practice of law in Marion, Ohio, in 1920.
City solicitor of Marion 1924–1927, resigning to become special counsel in the office of the Ohio Attorney General, and served in this capacity until 1929.
They also served as attorney for the State highway department in 1927 and 1928.
Congress
Mouser was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first and Seventy-second Congresses (March 4, 1929 – March 3, 1933).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress and for election in 1936 to the Seventy-fifth Congress.
Later career and family life
They continued the practice of law until their death in Marion, Ohio, December 21, 1943.
They were interred in Marion Cemetery.
Mouser Jr. married Hilda Gorham in Marion, Ohio on November 7, 1918.
Mouser Jr. was a Mason, Elk, and member of Methodist Episcopal Church, American Legion, Phi Gamma Delta and Phi Delta Phi.
References
Sources
1895 births
1943 deaths
People from Marion, Ohio
United States Army officers
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Ohio State University Moritz College of Law alumni
United States Army personnel of World War I
20th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Jeremy Schaap is an American sportswriter, television reporter, and author. Schaap is an eleven-time Emmy Awards winner for their work on ESPN's E:60, SportsCenter, and Outside the Lines.
Biography
 They are a regular contributor to Nightline and ABC World News Tonight and has been published in Sports Illustrated, ESPN The Magazine, Time, Parade, The Wall Street Journal, and The New York Times.
Schaap has worked four major soccer events for ESPN as the network's lead reporter, including: the 2010 World Cup, Euro 2012, the 2014 World Cup, and Euro 2016.
A native and resident of New York City, Schaap is the author of Cinderella Man: James J. Braddock, Max Baer, and the Greatest Upset in Boxing History (Houghton Mifflin, ), a New York Times best-seller, and Triumph: The Untold Story of Jesse Owens and Hitler's Olympics.
Schaap is the son of the late journalist and broadcaster Dick Schaap. Like their father, Schaap is an alumnus of Cornell University and a former editor at The Cornell Daily Sun. Schaap was also a member of the Quill and Dagger society.
They won the Dick Schaap Award for Outstanding Writing at the 2005 Emmys, an award named after their father, for an Outside the Lines feature titled "Finding Bobby Fischer." Schaap and their wife have three children, two girls and a boy. .
References
External links
Jeremy Schaap's ESPN Bio
Living people
American television reporters and correspondents
Cornell University alumni
ESPN people
American horse racing announcers
Journalists from New York City
American television sports anchors
Jewish American writers
Sportswriters from New York (state)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Senator Emerson may refer to:
James A. Emerson (1865–1922), New York State Senate
Lee E. Emerson (1898–1976), Vermont State Senate
Louis W. Emerson (1857–1924), New York State Senate
Robert L. Emerson (born 1948), Michigan State Senate
Bill Emmerson (born 1945), California State Senate
Islam Slimani (; born 18 June 1988) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as a forward for club Brest and the Algeria national team.
Slimani began their career in their homeland with JSM Chéraga and CR Belouizdad. In 2013, they moved to Europe, signing for Sporting CP. They played and scored regularly during their three seasons in Portugal, helping their team win the Taça de Portugal in 2015. In 2016, Slimani was transferred to Leicester for a club record £28 million fee.
An Algerian international, Slimani made their international debut in 2012 and played at the Africa Cup of Nations in 2013, 2015, 2017 and 2021, and was also a part of the Algeria side that won the 2019 tournament. They were also part of Algeria's squad at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, where they finished as the team's joint top scorer with two goals. As of June 2022, they have won over 80 international caps and scored 41 goals, making them Algeria's highest all-time goalscorer.
Early life
Slimani was born in Algiers, Algeria.
Club career
Early career
In May 2009, Slimani joined CR Belouizdad from JSM Chéraga for a transfer fee of 800,000 Algerian dinars, signing a two-year contract. In August, they made their official debut for the club as a starter against MC Oran in the first week of the 2009–10 Algerian Championnat National. They finished their first season with Belouizdad with 8 goals in 30 games.
On 17 May 2011, Slimani scored four goals in a league game against JS Kabylie, leading CR Belouizdad to an impressive 7–1 win. In July 2011, with their contract expired and several French clubs such as Nice and Le Havre showing interest in signing him, Slimani decided to sign a two-year extension with CR Belouizdad.
Sporting CP
2013–14 season
On 6 August 2013, Slimani joined Sporting CP for an undisclosed fee. They started the 2013–14 season as a substitute, gaining a reputation as an impact player due to them scoring vital goals when coming off the bench. Due to the lack of form of Fredy Montero, however, Slimani became a starter and scored four goals in four matches in early March 2014 against Rio Ave, Braga, Vitória de Setúbal and in 1–0 over rivals Porto. In December 2013 they were considered the best Algerian footballer of the year as they won the Algerian Golden Ball.
2014–15 season
In their second season Slimani was successful as they became a key player. Their first goal of the season was in the Derby de Lisboa 1–1 away draw to Benfica. At European level Slimani scored their first goal against Schalke 04 at Estádio José Alvalade in the last minute to finish 4–2 for Sporting. At the end of the season they finished third in the league, but in the Taça de Portugal they reached the final against Braga on 31 May 2015, slimani scored a goal helping To sport turn around a two-goal deficit to eventually secure the cup following a penalty shootout 3–1. where they achieved their first title in their history at the end of the season Slimani played 33 games and scored 15 goals, including 12 in the league.
2015–16 season
In the 2015–16 season, Slimani said they would be their last season and aspires to achieve the title of the Primeira Liga absent for 14 years the new and former Benfica coach Jorge Jesus, who said they would rely heavily on Slimani to win the titles and the start was in the Supertaça against Benfica and ended for Sporting with a single goal, achieving their second title. At the start of the tournament, Slimani scored their first goal against Académica in an away match on 4 October 2015, and in the seventh round against Vitória de Guimarães, they scored their first hat-trick in the Portuguese league. At the top of the 15th round, Slimani managed to score two goals against Porto's goalkeeper Iker Casillas to lead the team back to the top of the league. After this game, Slimani scored in four consecutive games 6 goals against Vitória de Setúbal, Braga, Tondela and Paços de Ferreira. After two matches, they returned to score twice at Nacional.
Before Sporting's league derby match at home, Benfica lodged a complaint against Slimani for assaulting Andreas Samaris with their elbow in a Portuguese Cup match on 21 November 2015. After a long wait and one day before the match, the Portuguese League announced that Slimani could participate in the decisive match for the title. However, the team lost 1–0 and dropped to second place, behind Benfica. One week later, they scored their 20th goal this season in the match against Estoril. After this meeting, they scored four goals against Belenenses, Marítimo and Moreirense, and Porto. Slimani contributed to the victory at Estádio do Dragão after scoring two goals. In the final round, they scored their 27th goal of the season against Braga. The match ended 4–0 but was not enough for Sporting to win the league title, as Benfica ended with more two points. That season, Slimani scored 27 goals in the league but finished behind top scorer Jonas, with 32 goals.
For the following season, Sporting wanted to retain Slimani but they insisted on leaving the club, and that was finally accepted by the administration. On 28 August 2016, they played their last match against Porto at Estádio José Alvalade and scored their last goal to finish 2–1 for Sporting.
Leicester City
2016–17 season
On 31 August 2016, the last day of the 2016–17 summer transfer window in England, Slimani joined Premier League champions Leicester City on a five-year contract. The transfer fee paid to Sporting was reported as £28 million, a club record for Leicester. Leicester had beaten West Bromwich Albion to sign Slimani.
On 14 September, they made their debut for Leicester in the UEFA Champions League playing 62 minutes in a 3–0 victory over Club Brugge. Three days later, they made their Premier League debut in a 3–0 victory over Burnley, scoring their side's first two goals. On 27 September, Slimani scored the only goal in Leicester's 1–0 win against Porto in the Champions League group stage after a pass from Algerian national teammate Riyad Mahrez. It was their sixth goal with Iker Casillas in goal in 2016, five of which they netted while with their former club Sporting.
After this goal, Slimani failed to score until matchday 11 of the Premier League against West Bromwich Albion from a pass from Mahrez, although Leicester lost 2–1. Later, on matchday 13, after entering as a substitute, Slimani scored the equalizer for their team from the penalty spot in the last minute against Middlesbrough. On matchday 15, Slimani helped the Foxes to win against Manchester City 4–2 after they presented two assists for goalscorers Jamie Vardy and Andy King. On 31 December, after five games without a goal, Slimani scored the winning goal against West Ham United at the King Power Stadium to lead their team to their fifth win in the Premier League that season, on the last day of 2016.
Slimani scored four of their five league goals from headers, but had only managed a 38% shot accuracy by January 2017. After their participation in the Africa Cup of Nations, Slimani returned to the club injured, which affected the rest of their season where they did not participate very much and scored only two goals, against Sunderland and against Everton. In the League Cup match against Sheffield United, they scored two goals.
2017–18 season: Newcastle United (loan)
On 31 January 2018, Slimani signed for Newcastle United on loan until the end of the season. A thigh injury prevented them from making their debut for the club, which eventually happened exactly two months after signing, in a 1–0 win over Huddersfield Town, and they were involved in the build-up for the only goal of the game, scored by Ayoze Pérez. On 15 April, Slimani was again involved in the build-up for the match winning goal in a 2–1 win over Arsenal, after their header was flicked on by Pérez, and into the path of Matt Ritchie.
On 3 May, Slimani was given a three match ban for violent conduct after an off-the-ball incident with West Bromwich Albion's Craig Dawson, effectively ending their season with Newcastle.
Fenerbahçe (loan)
On 11 August 2018, Slimani joined Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe on a season-long loan. They made their debut on 18 August 2018, playing the full 90 minutes in 1–0 loss to Yeni Malatyaspor. Their first goal for the club came on 1 September 2018 when they scored Fenerbahçe's second goal of their 3–2 loss to Kayserispor.
Monaco (loan)
On 21 August 2019, Slimani joined Ligue 1 club Monaco on a season-long loan. Despite scoring nine goals and seven assists in 18 league games before the Ligue 1 season was abruptly concluded due to the COVID-19 pandemic in May, Monaco chose not to give Slimani a permanent contract.
Lyon
On 13 January 2021, Slimani signed with Ligue 1 club Lyon. On 18 January 2021, they made their league debut, coming on as a substitute for Tino Kadewere in the 76th minute, in a 0–1 loss to Metz. They scored their first goal for the club on 9 February in a 5–1 Coupe de France victory against Ajaccio. They scored their first league goal for the club on 21 March, after coming on as a substitute, in a 4–2 loss to Paris Saint Germain.
On 1 February 2022, Slimani's contract with Lyon was terminated by mutual consent, effectively making them a free agent.
Return to Sporting CP
Slimani returned to Sporting CP immediately after their contract with Lyon was rescinded, signing a one-and-a-half-year contract. They made their comeback on the pitch for Leões on 6 February 2022, coming off the bench in the 74th minute for Pedro Porro in a 2–0 league victory against Famalicão. Their first goal upon returning came on 26 February in a 1–1 away draw on Madeira against Marítimo, firing in a cross from Matheus Reis.
Brest
On 25 August 2022, Slimani signed with Ligue 1 side Brest.
International career
In October 2009, Slimani was called up by Abdelhak Benchikha for the first time to the Algeria A' National Team for a week-long training camp in Algiers. In March 2010, Slimani was called up again, this time for a 2011 African Nations Championship qualifier against Libya as a replacement for their injured CR Belouizdad teammate Youcef Saïbi. However, Slimani did not play in the game as Algeria won 1–0.
In May 2012, Slimani was called up for the first time to the Algeria national team for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Mali and Rwanda, and the return leg of the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against the Gambia. On 26 May, they made their debut, coming as a substitute at half-time in a friendly against Niger. A week later, on 2 June, Slimani scored their first international goal for Algeria, netting the third goal in the 4–0 win over Rwanda in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. They followed that up with another goal against Mali in the next game, and then scored another two goals in the following against the Gambia.
Slimani was selected for Algeria's squad taking part in the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations, and played in all three group games in January. Algeria, however, only won one point and were eliminated at the first stage.
Algeria qualified for the 2014 World Cup, with manager Vahid Halilhodžić selecting Slimani for their 23-man squad. On 22 June 2014, Slimani scored the opening goal for les Fennecs in a 4–2 group match against South Korea. They also made an assist for the team's third goal by passing the ball to Abdelmoumene Djabou. On 26 June, Slimani scored with a header in Algeria's 1–1 draw with Russia, helping the nation qualify for the knockout rounds of the World Cup for the first time ever after failing to do so previously in 1982, 1986 and 2010. In the round of 16 match against Germany, Slimani had a headed goal disallowed in the first half for offside, while later on, their powerful shot at goal was saved by German goalkeeper Manuel Neuer. Algeria eventually lost 2–1 after extra time, but were praised for an excellent campaign throughout the tournament.
In Algeria's opening match of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations, Slimani scored the final goal in a 3–1 victory over South Africa.
Slimani was part of the Algeria team that won the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations, scoring one goal in the tournament against Tanzania in the group stage.
On 2 September 2021, Slimani scored four goals in an 8–0 thrashing of Djibouti in qualifying for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. On 8 October 2021, they scored a brace in a 6–1 heavy victory over Niger in a 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifying match to become the Algeria's all-time top scorer with 38 goals surpassing Abdelhafid Tasfaout who held the record with 36 goals for 19 years since 2002.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Sporting CP
Taça de Portugal: 2014–15
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 2015
Algeria
Africa Cup of Nations: 2019
Individual
Algerian Footballer of the Year: 2013
CAF Team of the Year: 2016 (as a substitute)
Taça de Portugal Final Man of the Match: 2015
SJPF Player of the Month: December 2015
Leões/Lions Awards 2016: Player of the Season
Primeira Liga's Forward of the Month: February 2022
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Algerian people of Belgian descent
Footballers from Algiers
Algerian footballers
Association football forwards
JSM Chéraga players
CR Belouizdad players
Sporting CP B players
Sporting CP footballers
Leicester City F.C. players
Newcastle United F.C. players
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
AS Monaco FC players
Olympique Lyonnais players
Stade Brestois 29 players
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
Algerian Ligue 2 players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Primeira Liga players
Premier League players
Süper Lig players
Ligue 1 players
Algeria A' international footballers
Algeria international footballers
2013 Africa Cup of Nations players
2014 FIFA World Cup players
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
2017 Africa Cup of Nations players
2019 Africa Cup of Nations players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Algerian expatriate footballers
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in England
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Monaco
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Monaco
Expatriate footballers in France
21st-century Algerian people
John Joseph Harding (January 4, 1898 – February 24, 1963) was an American football, basketball, and baseball player, coach, and college athletics administrator. They served as the head football coach at St. Thomas College—now the University of Scranton—from 1926 to 1936 and at the University of Miami from 1937 to 1942 and 1945 to 1947, compiling a career college football record of 103–69–12. Harding was also the head basketball coach at St. Thomas from 1926 to 1937, amassing record of 119–56. They were the head baseball coach at Miami in 1940 and 1959, tallying a mark of 16–14–1. Harding was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1980.
During their two stints coaching football at Miami, Harding compiled a 54–32–3 (.624) record and led the Hurricanes to four seasons of eight or more wins (1938, 1941, 1945, 1946). After resigning from coaching football, they served as the athletic director at Miami for 15 years until their death from cancer, on February 24, 1963, in Miami, Florida.
Head coaching record
Football
See also
List of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure
References
External links
1898 births
1963 deaths
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Pennsylvania
Basketball players from Pennsylvania
Miami Hurricanes athletic directors
Miami Hurricanes baseball coaches
Miami Hurricanes football coaches
Pittsburgh Panthers baseball players
Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball players
Pittsburgh Panthers football players
Scranton Royals football coaches
Scranton Royals men's basketball coaches
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
People from Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Deaths from cancer in Florida
In molecular biology, the calmodulin-regulated spectrin-associated CKK domain (also known as the CKK domain) is a domain which occurs at the C-terminus of a family of eumetazoan proteins collectively defined as calmodulin-regulated spectrin-associated, or CAMSAP, proteins. CAMSAP proteins carry an N-terminal region that includes the CH domain, a central region including a predicted coiled-coil and this C-terminal. This domain is the part of the CAMSAP proteins that binds to microtubules. The domain appears to act by producing inhibition of neurite extension, probably by blocking microtubule function. CKK represents a domain that has evolved with the metazoa. The structure of this domain in murine hypothetical protein has shown the domain to adopt a main beta barrel structure with an associated alpha-helical hairpin.
References
Protein domains
Grace Wynne-Jones is an Irish journalist and writer.
Life and career
Grace Wynne-Jones was born in Ireland to Joan de Vere (1913-1989) of Curraghchase in County Limerick home of poet Aubrey Thomas de Vere. They grew up in Ireland but also lived in the US, Africa, and the UK. Wynne-Jones has been published by magazines and newspapers in Ireland, Australia and the UK. They wrote a radio play Ebb Tide which was broadcast by the national broadcaster RTÉ.  They are currently living in County Wicklow.
Bibliography
Ordinary Miracles (Simon & Schuster/Pocket 1997)
Wise Follies (Simon & Schuster/Pocket 1998)
Ready Or Not? (Tivoli, 2003)
The Truth Club (Tivoli 2005)
References
Irish women writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mattia Maggio (born 22 February 1994) is a German-Italian former professional footballer who plays as a forward for TuS Dassendorf.
Early life
The parents of Mattia Maggio come from the Salento in Apulia, and had once emigrated from their homeland and settled in Swabia in Germany. Maggio was born in Nürtingen; in the age of eight years they moved with their family to Vaihingen an der Enz. As they grew up bilingual, they speak German and Italian fluently. Mattia Maggio discovered as a child their passion for football. This sport they practiced with their friends on the street and in the e-youth, they joined the VfB Vaihingen. At the age of ten years, they applied for a trial with VfB Stuttgart and in a three-month selection process, they beat out over 200 other competitors. Maggio joined now in the youth academy of the Bundesliga side. They played until 2011 for the Swabians before they went in the summer in the Italian homeland of their parents when they accepted an offer the youth of Novara Calcio. They justified the change with the opportunity to further develop especially as they got a little operating times with the Swabians. In Novara, they were also in the extended professional squad, which had risen in the summer in the Serie A. However, they were only allowed to play in January.
Club career
Serie A debut
On 12 May 2012, Maggio celebrated their professional debut when they came off the bench in the 1-2 defeat in Serie A against AC Milan in the 84th minute for Simone Pesce.
Hamburger SV
Maggio returns in January 2013 to Germany and after a trial joined Hamburger SV. They signed a contract there in the reserve team, however, was initially used in the A-Youth (U-19). In four games, they scored three goals. On 15 May 2013 Maggio debuted in the reserve team in the league game operation and scored their first goal as he's 3–1 win against Victoria Hamburg scored the 2–0.
In the final phase of the 2013–14 season Maggio came to injury-related failures of many players on offense and good performance for their part in the professional squad. For example, Maggio scored in a 4–1 victory over SV Eichede three goals. They made their Bundesliga debut for the club on 4 April 2014 in a match against Bayer Leverkusen. Maggio substituted Jacques Zoua 77 minutes into a 2–1 home win. Hamburger SV finished after 34 matches on the 16th place in the table game and had the Barrage, where the "Rothosen" had requested a 0–0 and a 1–1 prevailed on away goals against Greuther Fürth and thus managed to avoid relegation. In the remaining games Maggio could not draw attention to themselves and thus had to leave the club.
International career
Steffen Freund was on Mattia Maggio attention when they played for VfB Stuttgart and because of Maggio played twice in the U-16 national team of Germany. Maggio felt but as Italians and looked, however, as an Italian and they identify themselves with Italy and they feel attracted to Italy. Because of this, they then decided to play for Italy, and they played 13 times for the U-17 National Team in Italy.
Personal life
Following a 2010 accident, when a glass splinter entered their retina, they are left with only ten percent sight on the left eye.
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
People from Nürtingen
German people of Italian descent
People of Apulian descent
Sportspeople from Stuttgart (region)
Italian footballers
German footballers
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
Association football forwards
Serie A players
Serie C players
Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Belgian National Division 1 players
Novara F.C. players
Hamburger SV players
Hamburger SV II players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim II players
Mantova 1911 players
FC Nöttingen players
A.S. Verbroedering Geel players
TuS Dassendorf players
Germany youth international footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
German expatriate footballers
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
German expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Arbieto Municipality is the third municipal section of the Esteban Arce Province in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. Its seat is Arbieto. At the time of census 2001 the municipality had 9,438 inhabitants.
Subdivision
Arbieto Municipality is divided into three cantons.
References
External links
Map of Esteban Arce Province
Municipalities of the Cochabamba Department
On the Trail of the Bremen Town Musicians () is a 1973 Soviet animated film directed by Vasily Livanov. It was made as a sequel to The Bremen Town Musicians.
Plot
The King, wanting for their daughter to be found and returned to their castle, hires Detective to carry out the task. They successfully kidnap and returns Princess back to the kingdom, but Troubadour and their animal friends Bremen Town Musicians hurry to release them Disguised as foreign rock singers, the group distracts the King and the Detective, while Troubadour rescues their love and together they escape once again.
Cast
Muslim Magomayev - Troubadour, Detective and Atamansha
Elmira Zherzdeva - Princess
Gennady Gladkov - The King
Anatoly Gorokhov, Leonid Berger and vocal ensemble - Bremen Town Musicians, the Robbers and the guards
See also
History of Russian animation
References
External links
On the Trail of the Bremen Town Musicians at Animator.ru
Cartoon with English subtitles (var2)
1973 films
Films scored by Gennady Gladkov
Films based on The Town Musicians of Bremen
Films directed by Vasily Livanov
Russian sequel films
Soviet animated films
Soyuzmultfilm
Sung-through_musical films
The southern emu-wren (Stipiturus malachurus) is a species of bird in the Australasian wren family, Maluridae. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are temperate forests, and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, and swamplands.
Description
The adult male has rusty-brown upper parts with streaks of black, the crown more reddish and grey-brown wings. It has a sky-blue throat, upper chest and eyebrow. The tail is double the body length, and is composed of six filamentous feathers, the central two of which are longer than the lateral ones. The underparts are pale red-brown, paler on the belly. The bill is black and the feet and eyes are brown. The female is darker streaked and lacks the blue plumage and redder crown. Its bill is brown with a pale grey base.
Distribution and habitat
Throughout its range, the southern emu-wren inhabits marshes, low heathland and dune areas. Distribution varies by species.
At least one species is present near the site of the Whalers Way Orbital Launch Complex near Port Lincoln, on the Eyre Peninsula of South Australia.
Taxonomy and systematics
The southern emu-wren is one of three species of the genus Stipiturus, commonly known as emu-wrens, found across southern and central Australia. It was first characterized by naturalist George Shaw in 1798 as Muscicapa malachura, after being collected in the Port Jackson (Sydney) district. It was described as the "soft-tailed flycatcher", native name mur-re-a-nera when painted between 1788 and 1797 by Thomas Watling, one of a group known collectively as the Port Jackson Painter. Another painting in the same series yielded the indigenous name mereangeree. Notes on this latter drawing suggest an alternative name of emu- or cassowary titmouse, from its soft tail feathers. In the first description and illustration of the bird by Major-General Thomas Davies, another Sydney region indigenous name merion binnion was reported, since the tail resembled the "cassowary (emu)" feathers.
The skin of a male southern emu-wren somehow ended up in the collection of Coenraad Jacob Temminck, who believed it to be from Java. From there it was named by François Levaillant as the gauze-tailed warbler. This mistake was not picked up for another 55 years. Veillot defined the genus Malurus and placed the southern emu-wren within it, naming it as Malurus palustris.
The southern emu-wren derives its common name from its tail feathers, the loosely barbed nature of which resembles feathers of the emu, the irony being that the emu-wrens are among the smallest of Australian birds, while the emu is the largest.
Subspecies
Up to eleven subspecies have been described, with eight recognised :
S. m. malachurus - (Shaw, 1798): The nominate subspecies is found along the eastern coastline from Noosa Heads in Queensland south through New South Wales and Victoria and to the mouth of the Murray River in south-eastern South Australia. It remains east and south of the Great Dividing Range.
S. m. littleri - (Mathews, 1912): Found across Tasmania.
S. m. polionotum - (Schodde & Ian J. Mason, 1999): Found in south-central and south-eastern Australia
S. m. intermedius - (Ashby, 1920): It is a darker-plumaged race, confined to the southern Mount Lofty Ranges region of the Fleurieu Peninsula in South Australia. Commonly known as the Mount Lofty Ranges Southern Emu-wren (MLSREW), it is an endangered species under both the EPBC Act (Cwth) and the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972 (SA). Its largest population inhabits the swamplands of the lower Finniss River, estimated to be 52–100 individuals, while fewer than 50 have been observed in Deep Creek Conservation Park. It is dependent upon swamps for its continued existence, but there was significant loss of habit from 1993 until 2012. There has been a conservation strategy in place since 1994. In 2015 Nature Foundation opened Watchalunga Nature Reserve to help protect the species.
S. m. halmaturinus - (Parsons, 1920): Found on Kangaroo Island. It is the largest race.
S. m. parimeda - (Schodde & Weatherly, 1981): Found on the southern tip of the Eyre Peninsula. This subspecies is distinguishable from others by its significantly paler plumage.
S. m. westernensis - (Campbell, AJ, 1912): Originally described as a separate species. Found in south-western Western Australia.
S. m. hartogi - (Carter, 1916): It is restricted to Dirk Hartog Island.
References
Source
southern emu-wren
Birds of South Australia
Birds of Western Australia
Birds of Tasmania
Birds of Victoria (Australia)
Birds of New South Wales
Endemic birds of Australia
southern emu-wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by George Shaw
Jan Bakelants (born 14 February 1986) is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Career
Their major wins include the 2008 Tour de l'Avenir and stage 2 of the 2013 Tour de France, claiming the yellow jersey after winning the stage by only a second of an advantage on the peloton after a late attack. They also rode the 2010 Giro d'Italia, in which they finished 36th.
Bakelants left at the end of the 2013 season, and joined for the 2014 season. In August 2014, it was announced that they would be leaving after one year and joining on an initial two-year deal.
Bakelants was severely injured in a crash at the 2017 Giro di Lombardia when they crashed into a ravine on a fast descent, fracturing seven ribs and the first and third vertebrae. They did not lose consciousness and was transferred to the hospital in Como. The crash left Bakelants shorter. After their crash, Bakelants spoke out about safety standards in cycling. They hoped to return to racing in March 2018, and did so at the Classic Loire Atlantique in France.
Major results
2006
10th Liège–Bastogne–Liège Espoirs
2007
3rd Paris–Tours Espoirs
2008
1st Overall Tour de l'Avenir
1st Stage 6
1st Overall Circuit des Ardennes
1st Overall Tour de Liège
1st Liège–Bastogne–Liège Espoirs
1st Flèche Ardennaise
2nd Overall Le Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux
2nd Grand Prix de Waregem
3rd Road race, National Under-23 Road Championships
4th Overall Tour des Pyrénées
4th Circuit de Wallonie
8th Overall Circuit Franco-Belge
9th Overall Giro delle Regioni
2009
2nd GP Triberg-Schwarzwald
5th De Vlaamse Pijl
7th Le Samyn
9th Overall Eneco Tour
10th Overall Tour of Belgium
10th Overall Ster Elektrotoer
2010
6th Overall Tour de Wallonie
7th Trofeo Inca
10th Clásica de Almería
2012
4th Road race, National Road Championships
5th Grand Prix de Wallonie
6th Overall Tour Down Under
6th Overall Circuit de la Sarthe
10th Overall Eneco Tour
2013
1st Grand Prix de Wallonie
Tour de France
1st Stage 2
Held after Stages 2 & 3
2nd Amstel Curaçao Race
National Road Championships
3rd Road race
4th Time trial
3rd Overall Tour de Luxembourg
4th Overall Eneco Tour
4th Grand Prix of Aargau Canton
7th Overall Tour of Beijing
10th Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal
2014
1st Stage 6 Critérium du Dauphiné
3rd Grand Prix de Wallonie
7th La Drôme Classic
2015
1st Giro dell'Emilia
1st Gran Piemonte
2nd Grand Prix de Wallonie
4th Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal
6th Overall Critérium International
7th Overall Circuit de la Sarthe
7th Coppa Sabatini
2016
2nd La Drôme Classic
3rd Overall La Méditerranéenne
1st Points classification
1st Stage 4
5th Giro dell'Emilia
6th Coppa Sabatini
8th Overall Tour La Provence
9th Classic Sud-Ardèche
2017
3rd La Drôme Classic
4th Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal
5th Grand Prix de Wallonie
2018
6th Grand Prix Pino Cerami
2019
5th Overall ZLM Tour
2020
4th Road race, National Road Championships
6th Overall Tour de Luxembourg
9th Trofeo Matteotti
2022
1st Stage 5 Tour de Wallonie
Grand Tour results timeline
References
External links
Jan Bakelants' profile at Cycling Base
1986 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
People from Oudenaarde
Belgian Tour de France stage winners
2013 Tour de France stage winners
Cyclists from East Flanders
Edo Ophof (born 21 May 1959) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a defender.
During their club career, Ophof played for NEC, Ajax, AZ and Utrecht. They were capped 15 times for the Netherlands national team.
External links
1959 births
Living people
People from Rhenen
Dutch footballers
Netherlands international footballers
NEC Nijmegen players
AFC Ajax players
AZ Alkmaar players
FC Utrecht players
Eredivisie players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Utrecht (province)
Tagliafico is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Nicolás Tagliafico (born 1992), Argentine footballer
Santo Tagliafico (1756–1829), Italian painter
Italian-language surnames
James Forrest is an Australian actor who worked in Hollywood. They were a journalist before going into acting, their first film role being Australian film Dust in the Sun in 1958.
Select credits
Dust in the Sun (1958)
Sea Hunt (1961) – Season 4, Episode 27
Perry Mason (TV series) Season 5, Episode 6: The Case of THE MEDDLING MEDIUM (1961), Season 6, Episode 6: The Case of the Dodging Domino (1962), Season 7, Episode 8: The Case of the Floating Stones (1963).
Nightmare in Wax (1969)
McHale's Navy--Season 1, Episode 26, as Lieutenant Crandall
McHale's Navy--Season 3, Episode 2, as Lieutenant Crowder
References
External links
Year of birth missing
Possibly living people
Australian male film actors
George Henry Busby (June 10, 1794 – August 22, 1869) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1851 to 1853.
Biography
Born in Davistown, Pennsylvania, Busby attended the public schools.
They moved to Ohio in 1810 with their father, who settled in Royalton, Fairfield County.
They engaged in the general mercantile business.
Major of militia in the War of 1812.
They moved to Marion County in 1823 and helped organize the town of Marion, where they continued mercantile pursuits.
They served as clerk of the Marion County courts and clerk of the supreme court 1824–1828.
Recorder of deeds 1831–1835.
Busby was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-second Congress (March 4, 1851 – March 3, 1853).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1852.
They resumed mercantile pursuits.
They served as member of the State senate 1853–1855.
Probate judge of Marion County from 1866 until their death in Marion, Ohio, August 22, 1869.
They were interred in Marion Cemetery.
Sources
1794 births
1869 deaths
People from Marion County, Ohio
American militia officers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
American militiamen in the War of 1812
19th-century American politicians
People from Fairfield County, Ohio
The 312th Military Intelligence Battalion Formerly known as 23rd Signal Construction Battalion, 23rd Signal Heavy Construction Battalion, 312th Communications Reconnaissance Battalion, 312th Army Security Agency Battalion, is an active duty Military Intelligence Battalion of the United States Army. The 312th Military Intelligence Battalion is stationed at Fort Sam Houston, Texas where it conducts all-source, counterintelligence and human intelligence operations in support of US Army South and United States Southern Command requirements.
See also
470th Military Intelligence Brigade
References
Military Intelligence battalions of the United States Army
Polia Chentoff or Polina Chentova (1896-1933) was a Russian artist, known for their paintings, sculptures and book illustrations, who spent a large part of their career in Paris and London.
Biography
Polia Chentoff was born in 1896 in Vicebsk in the Russian Empire in the family of Jewish shopkeeper Abram Chentoff, and, after first moving to Moscow, studied art at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Brussels. They subsequently moved to Paris where they exhibited works at the Paris Salon and illustrated a number of children's books for a Berlin publisher. After returning to Moscow for some years, Chentoff moved to London in the late 1920s where they continued to exhibit their paintings and sculptures. They had solo exhibitions at several commercial galleries, including the Paul Guillaume and Brandon Davis galleries, they also showed woodcuts and engravings at the Bloomsbury Gallery during June 1930. In 1932 Chentoff married the artist Edmond Xavier Kapp but died, in London, the following year from a cerebral tumour.
References
1896 births
1933 deaths
20th-century Russian women artists
People from Vitebsk
Russian women painters
Russian women sculptors
Kanak News is an Odia language cable and satellite news channel in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India. This channel was launched in 2009 as Kanak TV. Its headquarters is in Bhubaneswar and is kaoperated by Eastern Media Pvt. Limited. Kanak News Channel added on GSAT 10 satellite as a free to air channel.
Its tagline is "Paribartanara Swara". As of 2015, programmes include Jatra Chalichi, Jeebanara Canvas, Business Leaders, Crime Reporter, and Page 3.
See also
List of Odia-language television channels
List of television stations in India
References
External links
Odia-language television channels
Television channels and stations established in 2009
Television stations in Bhubaneswar
Companies based in Bhubaneswar
2009 establishments in Orissa
The Hamilton Derby was a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race first run on June 4, 1907 at the Hamilton Jockey Club Racetrack in Hamilton, Ontario. Open to three-year-old horses of either sex, it was contested over a distance of one and one-quarter miles on dirt.
Historical notes
The first four editions of the Hamilton Derby were won by Canadian-owned horses but passage of the Hart–Agnew anti-betting legislation in 1908 by the New York Legislature led to a competed shutdown of racing in 1911 and 1912 in that state. As a result, American owners began sending horses to compete in Canada and stalls at the Hamilton Jockey Club track were in great demand. The Hamilton Derby of 1911 saw only five starters, all of which were owned by Americans. Leading the way was Kentucky Derby winner Meridian plus the Derby runnerup Governor Gray, Richard Wilson Jr.'s Naushon, as well as the colt Pagod, owned by Lily A. Livingston, the former proprietor of the Rancocas Stud Farm and racing stable. It would be August Belmont Jr.'s Whist who would win the race under jockey Eddie Dugan. With American stables then competing regularly in the Hamilton Derby, it earned a good reputation as confirmed by a March 17, 1914 Daily Racing Form report that it was "always one of the great three-year-old races of the season" in Canada.
Records
Speed record:
2:05 flat @ 1¼ : Whist (1911)
Most wins by a jockey:
no jockey won this race more than once.
Most wins by a trainer:
2 – John Whalen (1911, 1913)
2 – William H. Bringloe (1921, 1925)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – Seagram Stable (1921, 1925)
Winners
References
1907 establishments in Ontario
1967 disestablishments in Ontario
Horse races in Ontario
Discontinued horse races
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Open middle distance horse races
Recurring sporting events established in 1907
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1926
Ole Valdemar Henrik Berntsen (22 January 1915 – 26 May 1996) was a Danish sailor. They competed in the dragon class at the 1948, 1952, 1956 and 1964 Olympics and placed third, fifth, second and first, respectively. Their brothers Carl and William were also Olympic sailors. William competed alongside Ole in 1948 and 1952.
References
1915 births
1996 deaths
Danish male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Denmark
Sailors at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for Denmark
Olympic silver medalists for Denmark
Olympic bronze medalists for Denmark
Olympic medalists in sailing
Hellerup Sejlklub sailors
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Burials at Hellerup Cemetery
Whitford/St. Holmes is the first album by the hard rock collaboration of the American musicians Brad Whitford and Derek St. Holmes (of Aerosmith and Ted Nugent respectively), released in 1981.
History
In 1981, Whitford left Aerosmith. They teamed up with St. Holmes, who had previously played with Ted Nugent, to form "Whitford/St. Holmes", together with Dave Hewitt and Steve Pace who were later replaced by bass guitarist Chase Chitty and the drummer Larue Riccio (Baby and the Pacifiers). They toured the southeastern United States and performed before small audiences.
In 1981, they recorded this album. It was followed by a tour but neither the album nor the tour had any big success. In 1983, Whitford reunited with Joe Perry to play live at several shows with their band The Joe Perry Project. In 1984, both Whitford and Perry returned to Aerosmith to record Done with Mirrors, released in 1985 on Geffen Records. St. Holmes worked with Nugent again sporadically in the following years.
Their second album, Reunion, was sold during their November 2015 Reunion Tour. It was officially released in 2016 by Mailboat Records.
Track listing
"I Need Love" – 3:18
"Whiskey Woman" – 3:51
"Hold On" – 2:59
"Sharpshooter" – 5:30
"Every Morning" – 4:39
"Action" – 3:45
"Shy Away" – 4:12
"Does It Really Matter?" – 4:26
"Spanish Boy" – 4:09
"Mystery Girl" – 3:22
Personnel
Brad Whitford – lead guitar
Derek St. Holmes – lead vocals, guitar
Dave Hewitt – bass guitar
Steve Pace – drums
Production
George Pappas – engineering
Tom Allom – producer
Appearances in other media
"Sharpshooter" was re-released on the Aerosmith compilation album Pandora's Box in 1991.
References
1981 debut albums
Brad Whitford albums
Derek St. Holmes albums
CBS Records albums
Albums produced by Tom Allom
The 1990–91 Los Angeles Kings season, was the Kings' 24th season in the National Hockey League. It saw the Kings finish first in the Smythe Division with a 46-24-10 record for 102 points. This was the only regular-season division title in Kings history, and the second-best regular-season finish in franchise history. The team defeated the Vancouver Canucks four games to two in the Smythe Division Semi-final before falling to the Edmonton Oilers four games to two in the Division Final.
Offseason
NHL Draft
Los Angeles's draft picks at the 1990 NHL Entry Draft held at the BC Place in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Transactions
The Kings were involved in the following transactions during the 1990–91 season.
Trades
Free agent signings
Free agents lost
Waivers
Playoffs
Round 1: (S1) Los Angeles Kings vs. (S4) Vancouver Canucks
Round 2: (S1) Los Angeles Kings vs. (S3) Edmonton Oilers
Awards and records
Wayne Gretzky, Art Ross Trophy
Wayne Gretzky, The Longest Consecutive Games Assist Streak, 23 games (48 assists during the streak)
Marty McSorley, NHL Plus-Minus Award
Dave Taylor, Masterton Trophy Winner
Tom Webster, runner-up for the Jack Adams Trophy
References
Kings on Hockey Database
1990-91
1990–91 NHL season by team
1990–91 in American ice hockey by team
1990
LA Kings
LA Kings
was the 10th daimyō of Shibata Domain in Echigo Province, Japan (modern-day Niigata Prefecture). Their courtesy title was Hōki-no-kami, and their Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Mizoguchi Naoaki was the eldest son of Mizoguchi Naotoki and became daimyō at the age of four on their father's death. Due to their youth, the rōjū Matsudaira Nobuakira of Yoshida Domain served as regent until 1813. This was the same person who had earlier punished the domain by transferring 20,000 koku of its holdings in Echigo Province to a scattering of holdings in Mutsu Province. Naoaki was received in formal audience by Shōgun Tokugawa Ienari in 1814. In 1808, the domain was ordered to dispatch persons with knowledge of artillery to Sado Island to strengthen the defenses of that island against incursions by foreign ships, and the domain was ordered to send reinforcements to Sado in 1810. Once Naoaki took control of the domain, they revived their predecessors fiscal austerity programmes; however, due to a fire which burned down much of the Shibata jōkamachi, the Sanjō earthquake and the Tenpō famine, they were not able to make much progress in reforming the financial situation of the domain. However, in 1823, the domain received 8000 koku of former tenryō lands in Echigo Province, and a further 2000 koku in 1828 and 1830 in exchange for the 13,000 koku of holdings scattered across Mutsu.
In 1838, Naoaki retired, and lived in Edo to their death in 1858. In their retirement, they establish a school in Tokyo and wrote several works on various topics including education, maritime defense and the theory of labor. They were also a practitioner of the Japanese tea ceremony. Their grave is at the temple of Kisshō-ji in Tokyo.
Naoaki was married to a daughter of Asano Narikata of Hiroshima Domain, and after their death, remarried to their younger sister. They had a total of 12 sons and 15 daughters.
See also
Mizoguchi clan
References
"Shibata-han" on Edo 300 HTML )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
1799 births
1858 deaths
Mizoguchi clan
People of Edo-period Japan
Periwinkle is a color in the blue and violet family. Its name is derived from the lesser periwinkle or myrtle herb (Vinca minor) which bears flowers of the same color.
The color periwinkle is also called lavender blue. The color periwinkle may be considered a pale tint of purple or blue, or a "pastel purple".
The first recorded use of periwinkle as a color name in English was in 1922.
See also
Lavender (color)
List of colors
References
External links
A description of the Vinca minor species
Shades of blue
Shades of violet
The Alberta Farmers' Association (AFA) was a farmer's association that was active in Alberta, Canada from 1905 to 1909.
It was formed from the Alberta branch of the Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA) when Alberta became a province in 1905.
It provided a voice for farmers in their struggle with grain dealers and the railways. In January 1909 it merged with the Canadian Society of Equity to form the United Farmers of Alberta.
Background
The Manitoba Grain Act was passed in 1901, designed to prevent abuses by grain dealers and railways and ensure fair practices and prices in the booming grain trade in the prairie provinces of Canada. There was a bumper crop that year, and farmers found they could not get their produce to market because the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) and the grain companies were still failing to conform to the act.
In response, farmers formed the Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA) in January 1902.
The TGGA had succeeded in getting the Manitoba Grain Act amended to eliminate the main abuses by 1903.
With the passage of the amendments to the act it had achieved its primary objective, and lost some of its momentum.
History
In 1905 Alberta and Saskatchewan became provinces.
The Alberta branch of the TGGA became the Alberta Farmers' Association (AFA) under the leadership of Rice Sheppard (1861–1947) of the Strathcona area.
Farmers who had moved to Alberta from the United States had formed an Alberta chapter of the American Society of Equity, with locals in Spruce Grove, Namao, Beaumont, Stony Plain and Poplar Lake. Around 1905 they changed the name of their organization to the Canadian Society of Equity (CSE).
This was a period of rapid growth in Alberta. The population rose from 73,000 in 1901 to 374,000 in 1911. By then there were 60,559 farms. The new farmers were often in debt for equipment and supplies. Farming was risky, with low rainfall, a short growing period and uncertain prices.
The government, itself short of money, could not always provide the assistance the new farmers expected in bad periods, so the AFA and CSE were seen as a source of strength and safety.
Their main ideological difference was that the CSE wanted to maintain "equity", or economic equality, by its members refusing to sell below a certain price. The AFA did not accept this radical approach of co-operative action.
The AFA was, however, comfortable with asking for government assistance in grain storage and marketing.
James Speakman, who later became president of the United Farmers of Alberta, was president of the Innisfail branch of the AFA during the period when it was competing for members with the CSE. They were a strong supporter of union.
In September 1908 the AFA and CSE formed a joint committee to draft a constitution for a combined organization.
The last convention of the AFA and first convention of the UFA was held at Mechanic's Hall, Edmonton on January 13–15.
AFA delegates ratified the merger on 14 January 1909, and the CSE joined them the next day.
The two groups "extended the hand of good fellowship to all" and combined their operations.
The new United Farmers of Alberta was not aligned with any political party or politician. Its goal was to further the interests of producers of grain and livestock and to obtain profitable prices for all of the products of farm and orchard through cooperative effort.
Before the merger the AFA's official organ was the Homestead, and the CSE published The Great West.
Afterwards, at the urging of Edward Alexander Partridge of Saskatchewan and Thomas Crerar of Manitoba, these papers were absorbed by the Grain Growers' Guide, which already served Saskatchewan and Manitoba.
References
Sources
1905 establishments in Alberta
1909 disestablishments in Canada
Organizations based in Alberta
Economy of Alberta
Agricultural cooperatives in Canada
Agricultural organizations based in Canada
Andrew Willis (born June 23, 1973) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Western Suburbs Magpies in the 1990s. They played in a number of backline positions
Club career
A Cootamundra junior, Willis made their debut for Wests in 1993, originally playing either second-row or starting from the bench. Throughout 1994 & 1995, Willis played five-eighth, but was unable to play more than a dozen games a season.
Willis is perhaps best remembered for kicking a 48-metre field goal to win a game against the North Sydney Bears in 1996, one of the longest of the modern era. Willis played every game of the 1996 season, and played in the semifinals, which was to be the Magpies last ever semis appearance.
Willis only played a further 10 games. They later stated their retirement was due to, "a couple of injuries," and not, "training as hard as I could." They were only 24 when they returned to playing local football with Camden. They captain-coached them to a premiership in 2000, scoring a try in what was described as a star performance. They represented Country Seconds that year.
Later, Willis coached for Greater Southern & the Western Suburbs Magpies SG Ball side.
References
Sources
Australian rugby league players
Living people
Western Suburbs Magpies players
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league centres
1973 births
Rugby league players from New South Wales
Elmore County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 28,666. The largest city and county seat is Mountain Home.
Elmore County comprises the Mountain Home, ID Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Boise-Mountain Home-Ontario, ID-OR Combined Statistical Area.
History
Elmore County was established February 7, 1889, with its county seat at Rocky Bar. It is named after the Ida Elmore mines, the area's greatest silver and gold producer of the 1860s, located near Silver City in Owyhee County.
While the Oregon Trail crossed the Snake River in Elmore County, at Three Island Crossing near Glenns Ferry, the significant early settlements of Elmore County were mining settlements located primarily in northern Elmore County surrounding the ghost town of Rocky Bar. Settlement at Rocky Bar commenced in 1863 with the settlement having 560 residents at the Territorial Census of that year. Nearby, Atlanta was settled in 1864. Elmore County north of the Snake River was originally part of Alturas County when it was created in 1864 and Rocky Bar became its county seat. The portion of Elmore County south of the Snake River was within Owyhee County until 1930. A small portion of Ada County was also annexed in 1948, bringing Elmore to its present boundary. The settlement at Rocky Bar was impacted by poor management by mining companies, mining lawsuits, and its geographic remoteness between 1869 and 1880. The Wood River experienced a surge in settlement at Hailey starting in 1880 that led to Rocky Bar's loss of the county seat to Hailey in 1882. Rocky Bar would briefly become a county seat upon the creation of Elmore County in 1889.
A station on the overland stage route, originally named Rattlesnake, was moved west to the railroad line and became Mountain Home. On February 4, 1891, the county seat was moved to Mountain Home.
Construction of what would become Mountain Home Air Force Base was begun in October 1942, southwest of Mountain Home. The base officially opened in August 1943 as a training base for bombers, and was an operational base under SAC through 1965. It became a fighter base in 1966 under Tactical Air Command, now the Air Combat Command.
Anderson Ranch Dam is east of Mountain Home on the South Fork of the Boise River. At the time of its completion in 1950, it was the world's highest earthfill dam.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water. Elmore County's highest point is Snowyside Peak at above sea level, located in the northeast corner of the county in the Sawtooth Wilderness. The lowest elevation in the county is the Snake River in the southwest corner, at less than .
Adjacent counties
Boise County - north
Ada County - west
Owyhee County - south
Twin Falls County - southeast
Gooding County - east
Camas County - east
Blaine County - northeast
Custer County - northeast
Major highways
National protected areas
Boise National Forest (part)
Sawtooth National Forest (part)
Sawtooth National Recreation Area (part)
Sawtooth Wilderness (part)
Snake River Birds of Prey National Conservation Area (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 29,130 people, 9,092 households, and 6,846 families living in the county. The population density was 10 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 10,527 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 85.37% White, 3.25% Black or African American, 0.89% Native American, 1.66% Asian, 0.19% Pacific Islander, 5.39% from other races, and 3.25% from two or more races. 11.99% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 16.8% were of German, 12.0% English, 9.2% American and 8.3% Irish ancestry.
There were 9,092 households, out of which 43.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.10% were married couples living together, 7.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.70% were non-families. 20.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.21.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.00% under the age of 18, 13.90% from 18 to 24, 36.00% from 25 to 44, 15.00% from 45 to 64, and 7.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females there were 123.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 130.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,256, and the median income for a family was $37,823. Males had a median income of $26,248 versus $21,309 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,773. About 8.80% of families and 11.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.00% of those under age 18 and 10.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 27,038 people, 10,140 households, and 7,135 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 12,162 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 82.2% white, 2.8% Asian, 2.7% black or African American, 1.0% American Indian, 0.4% Pacific islander, 6.8% from other races, and 4.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 15.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 20.4% were German, 13.5% were English, 12.4% were Irish, and 9.0% were American.
Of the 10,140 households, 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.6% were non-families, and 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.11. The median age was 30.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,089 and the median income for a family was $50,840. Males had a median income of $34,126 versus $25,999 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,388. About 9.2% of families and 12.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Glenns Ferry
Mountain Home
Census-designated place
Mountain Home Air Force Base
Unincorporated communities
Atlanta
Dixie
Featherville
Hammett
King Hill
Pine
Tipanuk
Ghost town
Rocky Bar
Politics
Education
School districts include:
Bliss Joint School District 234
Bruneau-Grand View Joint School District 365
Glenns Ferry Joint School District 192
Mountain Home School District 193
Prairie Elementary School District 191
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Elmore County, Idaho
References
External links
County website
Idaho.gov - Elmore County profile
Idaho counties
1889 establishments in Idaho Territory
Populated places established in 1889
Warwick Services is a motorway service station on the M40 motorway in Warwickshire, England. It is situated approximately south-east of Warwick and is owned by Welcome Break.
It is situated on two bases at each side of the motorway, and was opened in early 1996 as the second of four service stations which serve the M40. Throughout 2007 the northbound Days Inn hotel was closed as the ground floor had completely flooded, although it has since reopened.
Until recently they had to be signed as 'Welcome Break Coffee Primo' as they only recently gained a KFC outlet. The southbound services were one of the first to gain a KFC facility.
Cultural references
The northbound services featured in an episode of Top Gear.
References
External links
Motorway Services Online — Warwick services
1996 establishments in England
M40 motorway service stations
Welcome Break motorway service stations
Services
Buildings and structures in Warwickshire
Transport in Warwickshire
Jack Richon Pole, FBA, FRHistS (14 March 1922 – 30 January 2010) was a British historian of the United States. After holding posts at University College, London and the University of Cambridge, they were Rhodes Professor of American History and Institutions at the University of Oxford from 1979 to 1989.
Selected bibliography
Political Representation in England and the Origins of the American Republic (1966)
Foundations of American Independence 1763-1815 (1973)
The Pursuit of Equality in American History (1978)
Contract and Consent: Representation and the Jury in Anglo-American Legal History (2010)
References
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/obituaries/7407991/Professor-Jack-Pole.html
https://www.historians.org/publications-and-directories/perspectives-on-history/may-2010/in-memoriam-jack-r-pole
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/obituaries/professor-jack-pole-eminent-scholar-best-known-for-his-work-on-the-history-of-colonial-and-revolutionary-america-1918383.html
https://paw.princeton.edu/memorial/jack-r-pole-53
https://casbs.stanford.edu/people/jack-r-pole
https://www.thebritishacademy.ac.uk/documents/1496/17_Pole_1808.pdf
1922 births
2010 deaths
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
British Jews
People educated at King Alfred School, London
British Army officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
Princeton University alumni
Academics of University College London
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Academics of the University of Oxford
Fellows of Churchill College, Cambridge
Fellows of St Catherine's College, Oxford
Historians of the United States
20th-century British historians
21st-century British historians
Brandwood End Cemetery is a cemetery located in the Brandwood ward of Birmingham, England.
History
Until the early 19th century the Church of England churchyards and burial grounds were the only major places available for burials. By that time these ancient burial grounds were becoming overcrowded, causing the burials to become shallower and the graveyards to be considered as unsanitary health hazards. Added to this was the massive increase in the population, particularly in the expanding urban industrial areas, which increased the demand for burial space. The situation was further exacerbated by the increased death rate during periodic epidemics such as cholera, occurring unchecked within these overcrowded urban environments.
These burial problems were resolved with the development of ‘public cemeteries for all'. This was initially not under the direction of local or central government, but under Joint Stock Companies for profit. For example, Key Hill Cemetery in Birmingham's Jewellery Quarter, founded in 1834, was a local example of such a Joint Stock venture.
However, these efforts by private enterprise could not, by themselves, solve the overall problem, and as a direct result of the cholera epidemics of 1831-1832 and 1848-1849 central government had to take action. Between 1852 and 1857 a series of Burial Acts were passed, which established a national system of public cemeteries under the direction of local Burial Boards. These Boards were responsible for the interment of the dead; could build and manage new cemeteries; and, charge the expenses to the Poor Rate.
In the late 19th century, King's Norton Rural District Council was one of the largest administrative districts surrounding Birmingham. As Birmingham expanded in the 1880s and its population increasingly settled in this parish due to the new rail and tram routes, it created increasing pressure on the existing church burial grounds. These, like others across the country, were full and unable to expand. To resolve this problem using the new legislation, the Kings Norton RDC resolved to establish a cemetery, in the north of the district where population growth was greatest, but experienced some difficulty in finding a suitable site.
In 1892, the first plan was to build a cemetery in Billesley, in the parish of Yardley, but this was abandoned due to objections by the Yardley authorities to the scheme. In 1895, an area of farmland was finally acquired for the purpose of building a new cemetery in Brandwood End, near Kings Heath, within the parish of Kings Norton.
Brandwood End Cemetery was therefore one of the later Victorian Cemeteries, and was formally opened on 13 April 1899, by Mr George Tallis, the Chairman of the Local Cemetery Committee; the cemetery being subsequently incorporated within the City of Birmingham in 1911, under the Greater Birmingham Act, when the city expanded its boundaries.
The two semi-detached mortuary chapels stand at the highest point in the cemetery grounds, and provide a dramatic central focus for the cemetery. The chapels are joined by a carriage entrance archway (a ), which is surmounted by a tower and spire. The twin chapels were designed by Mr J. Brewin Holmes, a Birmingham architect, and are built in the Gothic style with Art Nouveau details from red brick and terracotta. The mortuary chapel on the east was for Non-conformists and the chapel on the west consecrated for Anglican services. The chapels are mirror images of each other, containing: a chancel, a coffin chamber, a vestry and an underground heating chamber. There is also a Cemetery Lodge, built from red brick and terracotta, which contained the cemetery offices and living quarters for the cemetery Superintendent.
The plans for the original cemetery, drawn up by the Birmingham District Surveyor, are a classic example of the Victorian grid plan design for a cemetery. It contained a grand tree lined central driveway running north to south through the cemetery ground, and passing beneath the carriageway arch between the two mortuary chapels. There are subsidiary pathways which run in an east to west direction, at right angles to the grand central driveway, and which divide the cemetery into its various Sections. Later extensions to the cemetery grounds: to the west in 1915; to the east in 1917, 1920 and 1950; and two further purchases of small parcels of ground in 1967 and 1996, continued to follow this original grid plan maintaining the original Victorian lay out.
The landscape was a very important aspect in the design of a Victorian cemetery, and Brandwood End was planted with a mixture of evergreen and deciduous trees which were popular in that period. Evergreens are concentrated within the original area of land obtained in 1885, and consist of avenues of: Scots pines; Cypress trees; and, Wellingtonia. The dark green foliage was deliberately planted to present a striking contrast to the red terracotta chapels. The deciduous planting included Horse-Chestnut, Beech, Hornbeam and Poplar, which were added to existing Oak trees.
While this was a cemetery for everyone, the most impressive funerary monuments are those grouped around the mortuary chapels, where the local ‘great and the good' purchased their grave plots. These illustrate a range of early twentieth century styles including Edwardian Italian marble angels and the Art Deco memorials of the 1930s.
In 1929, a ‘Cross of Sacrifice' was erected in the main central driveway to commemorate those who died in the First World War, and below this, to the east of the drive, a Memorial Garden was laid out in 1952, in memory of the Civilian War dead from the Second World War who are buried in this cemetery. There are in all 206 British Commonwealth service war graves (108 from the First World War, 98 from the Second) in this cemetery, besides 2 Polish war graves.
For the local historian all these ‘new' Victorian cemeteries, whether privately or publicly constructed, are not simply a new style of burial grounds constructed to answer a burial problem, but a reflection of the attitude of our Victorian and Edwardian predecessors to death, and their cherished memory of the departed.
It is from this 'culture of commemoration' we gain these beautifully landscaped cemeteries, with their Gothic buildings and funerary monuments which are now treasured open spaces within our 21st century urban environment. Many of these Victorian cemeteries, including Brandwood End Cemetery are contained within English Heritage's, National Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in England, and many of the Victorian cemetery buildings are contained within the Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest.
Brandwood End Cemetery is listed as Grade II in both the above registers reflecting its historical value.
It has been named by the Victorian Society as a heritage building at risk of disrepair.
Notable interments
Aldrman John Bowen JP (1844–1926)
Sidney Meteyard (1868–1947), artist
Patrick Waite (1968–1993), musician of reggae pop group Musical Youth
Ursula O'Leary (1926–1993), actor
Friends
The Friends of Brandwood End Cemetery (FBEC) arose from community interest in maintaining this historic landscaped Victorian Cemetery, which is also a valued green open space within an urban setting. The group officially commenced its activities following an inaugural meeting on 21 July 2005, when its Constitution was agreed and an Executive Committee elected by a well attended public meeting.
It has the full non-political support of the local Birmingham City Councillors for the area and is a registered charity, number 1114333.
The objectives of The Friends are: to promote for the benefit of the local community and others, the restoration, conservation and respectful enjoyment of Brandwood End Cemetery and Chapels, including monuments, buildings, records, green spaces, adjacent pool and allotments and overall environment.
In June 2011, it was announced that comedian Alistair McGowan, who has over 30 members of their extended family interred at Brandwood, had become a Patron of the friends.
References
In The Midst of Life - A History of the Burial Grounds of Birmingham, Joseph McKenna, Birmingham Library Services, 1992,
"A Short History of Brandwood End Cemetery", Barrie Simpson, 2005
External links
Birmingham City Council page
Friends of Brandwood End Cemetery
parks & Gardens UK (details of National Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in England entry)
Cemeteries in Birmingham, West Midlands
Grade II listed buildings in the West Midlands (county)
1899 establishments in England
Anglican cemeteries in the United Kingdom
Art Nouveau architecture in England
Art Nouveau cemeteries
Grave worshipper or its Arabic equivalent quburiyyun, is a slur that is leveled primarily against Sufis. It is a term that is widely used among traditionalist Muslims or Salafis who interchange the term with innovator, or a practitioner of bidʻah.
See also
Zindiq
References
Islam-related slurs
Anti-Sufism
Mauri were the people of the ancient north African kingdom Mauretania
Mauri may also refer to:
Moors, North African people known in Latin as Mauri
Mauri (life force), a concept in traditional Māori religion
Mauri, Estonia, village in Misso Parish, Võru County
Mauri River, in Bolivia and Peru
AB Mauri, a division of Associated British Foods
Mauri (film), 1987 New Zealand film directed by Merata Mita
Mauri (fish), a Trichomycterus catfish found in Poopó Lake, Bolivia
"hello" in the language of the i-Kiribati
Name
Mauri (surname), persons surnamed Mauri
Given name
Mauri (1934–2022), Mauricio Lauzirika, Spanish footballer
Mauri (born 1994), Mauri Franco Barbosa da Silva, brazilian footballer
Mauri Favén (1920–2006), Finnish painter
Mauri Fonseca (born 1941), Brazilian Olympic swimmer
Mauri Holappa (born 1965), Finnish footballer and coach
Mauri König, Brazilian journalist
Mauri Kunnas (born 1950), Finnish cartoonist and author
Mauri Nyberg-Noroma (1908–1939), Finnish gymnast
Mauri Pekkarinen (born 1947), Finnish politician
Mauri Repo (1945–2002), Finnish athletic administrator
Mauri Röppänen (born 1946), Finnish Olympia biathlete
Mauri Rose (1906–1981), American racecar driver
Mauri Ryömä (1911–1958), Finnish physician and politician
Mauri Seppä (1916–2000), Finnish agronomist, farmer, and politician
Mauri Valtonen, Finnish astronomer
Mauri Wasi (born 1982), Papua New Guinean footballer
See also
, includes persons with Mauri as given name
Sentul LRT station is an elevated light rapid transit (LRT) station operated by Rapid Rail located in Sentul, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It is served by the Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line. This station is situated next to two secondary schools, the Methodist Boys Secondary School Sentul and the Wesley Methodist School, three primary schools, and several medium-density, low-cost housing developments.
Despite sharing the same name, the Sentul LRT station is not interchangeable with the Sentul Komuter station; the two stations are approximately 800 meters in walking distance away from each other. The Komuter station was the first rail transit station in Sentul and served the older section of the suburb, while the LRT station was a later addition and serves the newer development of the suburb. (hence the location Bandar Baru Sentul is added to the LRT station on official rail transit maps to avoid confusion) The station was opened to public in 1998 as part of the final phase of development of the former STAR LRT Line.
History
The station is served by the Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line. Opened in 1998 as part of the line's second phase of development, the station was intended to connect Sentul to other parts of the city and surrounding areas. Under Phase 2, a 15 km track with 11 stations was built to serve the northern and southern areas of Kuala Lumpur to cater for the Commonwealth Village and National Sports Complex in Bukit Jalil, during the KL Commonwealth Games in 1998. At that time, Sentul station was named as "Bandar Baru Sentul" station.
Station layout
The station is a typical elevated Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line station, the platform level is on the topmost floor, consisting of two sheltered side platforms along a double tracked line; there is a single concourse housing ticketing facilities between the ground level and the platform level. The design is similar to that of most other stations on the line, with multi-tiered roofs supported by latticed frames, and white plastered walls and pillars. All levels are linked by stairways and escalators.
References
Ampang Line
Railway stations opened in 1998
Reader Wright Clarke (May 18, 1812 – May 23, 1872) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1865 to 1869.
Biography
Born in Bethel, Ohio. Son of Houten Clarke (1766-1835) and Nancy (Riley) Clarke (1786-1857). Reader Clarke learned the art of printing.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1836 and commenced practice in Batavia, Ohio.
Published a Whig paper in Shawneetown, Illinois, for a few years.
They returned to Batavia, Ohio.
They served as member of the State house of representatives 1840–1842.
Presidential elector in 1844 for Whigs Clay/Frelinghuysen.
They served as clerk of the court of Clermont County 1846–1852.
Clarke was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Congresses (March 4, 1865 – March 3, 1869).
Third auditor of the Treasury from March 26, 1869, to March 26, 1870.
They were appointed collector of internal revenue in Ohio.
Death
They died in Batavia, Ohio, May 23, 1872.
They were interred in Union Cemetery.
Sources
1812 births
1872 deaths
People from Bethel, Ohio
Ohio Whigs
19th-century American newspaper editors
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
1844 United States presidential electors
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from Ohio
People from Shawneetown, Illinois
People from Batavia, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
This list of ancient Greek temples covers temples built by the Hellenic people from the 6th century BC until the 2nd century AD on mainland Greece and in Hellenic towns in the Aegean Islands, Asia Minor, Sicily and Italy ("Magna Graecia"), wherever there were Greek colonies, and the establishment of Greek culture. Ancient Greek architecture was of very regular form, the construction being post and lintel.
There are three clearly defined styles: the Doric order, found throughout Greece, Sicily and Italy; the Ionic order, from Asia Minor, with examples in Greece; and the more ornate Corinthian order, used initially only for interiors, becoming more widely used during the Hellenistic period from the 1st century BC onwards and used extensively by Roman architects.
Each ancient Greek temple was dedicated to a specific god within the pantheon and was used in part as a storehouse for votive offerings. Unlike a church, the interior space was not used as a meeting place, but held trophies and a large cult statue of the deity.
Overview
Most ancient Greek temples were rectangular and were approximately twice as long as they were wide, with some notable exceptions such as the enormous Temple of Olympian Zeus, Athens with a length of nearly 2 1/2 times its width. A number of surviving temple-like structures are circular, and are referred to as tholos (Ancient Greek: "dome").
The smallest temples are less than in length, or in the case of the circular tholos, in diameter. The great majority of temples are between in length. A small group of Doric temples, including the Parthenon, are between in length. The largest temples, mainly Ionic and Corinthian, but including the Doric Temple of Olympian Zeus, Agrigento, were between 90–120 metres (approx. 300–390 feet) in length.
Terminology
The temple rises from a stepped base (stylobate) which elevates the structure above the ground on which it stands. Early examples, such as the Temple of Zeus, Olympia, have two steps but the majority, like the Parthenon, have three, with the exceptional example of the Temple of Apollo, Didyma, having six. The core of the building is a masonry-built naos within which is a cella, a windowless room originally housing the statue of the god. The cella generally has a porch (pronaos) before it, and perhaps a second chamber (antenaos) serving as a treasury or repository for trophies and gifts. The chambers were lit by a single large doorway, fitted with a wrought iron grill. Some rooms appear to have been illuminated by skylights.
On the stylobate, often completely surrounding the naos, stand rows of columns. Each temple is defined as being of a particular type, with two terms: one describing the number of columns across the entrance front using Greek numeral prefixes, and the other describing their distribution.
Distyle in antis describes a small temple with two columns at the front, which are set between the projecting walls of the pronaos or porch, like the Temple of Nemesis at Rhamnus.(see figure 1.)
Amphiprostyle tetrastyle describes a small temple that has columns at both ends which stand clear of the naos. Tetrastyle indicates that there are four columns, like those of the Temple on the Ilissus in Athens.(Figure 4.)
Peripteral hexastyle describes a temple with a single row of peripheral columns around the naos, with six (hexa) columns across the front, like the Theseion in Athens. (Figure 7.)
Peripteral octastyle describes a temple with a single row of columns around the naos, (Figure 7.) with eight columns across the front, like the Parthenon, Athens.(Figs. 6 and 9.)
Dipteral decastyle describes the huge temple of Apollo at Didyma, with the naos surrounded by a double row of columns, (Figure 6.) with ten columns across the entrance front.
The Temple of the Olympian Zeus, Agrigento, is termed pseudo-periteral heptastyle, because its encircling colonnade has "pseudo" columns that are attached to the walls of the naos. (Figure 8.) Heptastyle means that it has seven columns across the entrance front.
Exact measurements are not available for all buildings. Some have foundations that are intact and have been well surveyed, for others the size can only be estimated from scant remains. There may also be differences between publications where measurements have been in feet or metres or converted between the two.
List
Sorting behaviour (by column):
Towns' alphabetical order
Towns by region - Greece, Turkey, Italy
By the deity's name
By date
By area size
By temple style (1-Doric, 2-Doric with Ionic or Corinthian elements, 3-Ionic, 4-Corinthian)
See also
Ancient Greek architecture
Ancient Greek religion
Art in Ancient Greece
Greek culture
Greek technology
List of ancient architectural records
List of Greco-Roman roofs
Notes
References
Bibliography
Banister Fletcher, A History of Architecture on the Comparative method, Seventeenth edition, revised by R.A. Cordingley, Athlone Press, (1963) Chapter III, Greek Architecture, pp. 89 – 165.
Trewin Copplestone (editor), Lloyd, Rice, Lynton, Boyd, Carden, Rawson, Jacobus, World Architecture: an Illustrated History, Paul Hamlyn, (1968); Seton Lloyd, Chapter 1: Ancient & Classical Architecture
William Bell Dinsmoor, William James Anderson, The Architecture of Ancient Greece: an account of its historic development, Biblo and Tannen, (1973)
Banister Fletcher, A History of Architecture on the Comparative method (2001). Elsevier Science & Technology. .
Helen Gardner; Fred S. Kleiner, Christin J. Mamiya, Gardner's Art through the Ages. Thomson Wadsworth, (2004) .
Marian Moffett, Michael Fazio, Lawrence Wodehouse, A World History of Architecture, Lawrence King Publishing, (2003), .
Donald E. Strong, The Classical World, Paul Hamlyn, London (1965)
Henri Stierlin, Greece: From Mycenae to the Parthenon, Taschen, (2004),
Architectural history lists
Temples
List of Ancient Greek temples
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter T. This information is liable to change due to border changes or reallocation of tambons.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
T
Nurmolda Aldabergenov (; — 17 November 1967) was a collective farm movement organizer in the Kazakh SSR who was twice awarded the title Hero of Socialist Labour.
Biography
Aldabergenov was born to a peasant family either in the Malaysary village of Kopal County, or at the winter quarters of Zheldikar, depending on the sources (both places are located on the territory of modern Kerbulak district of Almaty region). An ethnic Kazakh, they originated from the Shaman band of the Zhalayyr tribe. They graduated the 4th grade of secondary school. They were orphaned at 12 years old. They began working at a young age to support themselves and took part in the construction of the Turkestan–Siberian railway.
Nurmolda Aldabergenov worked as a collective farmer from 1930–1933, becoming a supervisor in 1934. In 1935 they were promoted to chairperson of the collective farm of the "Zhanatalap" of Taldy-Kurgan region. At the start of their chancellorship, the farm consisted of 14 households and 28 able-bodied farmers who had at their disposal two single-meshed plows, one cart, five cows, two camels, three horses and twenty sheep. The collective farm turned into an advanced economy under the leadership of Nurmolda Aldabergenov in a short time - in six years the farm grew to have 2,000 sheep, 500 cows, and 100 horses. Aldabergenov also acquired tractors, mowers, and a car for the collective's use.
In 1940, they joined the CPSU. During World War II, they participated in the Great Patriotic war, being deployed to the front in 1942. They were discharged from military service in 1945. From 1945–1950, they again worked as the chairperson of the collective "Zhanatalap" farm. Led by Aldabergenov, the collective achieved outstanding success in 1947, collecting 365 quintals of sugar beet and 13.7 quintals of grain, on a plot of 10 hectares, and a total of 834 quintals of sugar beet collected. The first power plant in Semirechye was built in 1947 by the initiative of Aldabergenov. Residential developments, a house of culture, a factory, a secondary school, a hospital, and kindergartens were built in the village of Mukyr during their leadership.
On March 28, 1948, by a decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, Aldabergenov Nurmolda was awarded the title of Hero of Socialist Labor with the order of Lenin and the gold medal "Hammer and Sickle" for obtaining high yields of sugar beet in 1947. From 1950–1965, they worked as the Chairman of the collective farm named in honor of Stalin. On March 29, 1958, by decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR, Nurmold Aldabergenov was awarded a second gold medal "Hammer and Sickle" and the order of Lenin. From 1965–1967, Aldabergenov was assigned to head the lagging Karl Marx collective farm in the Andreevsky district of the Taldy-Kurgan region, increasing its yield to one of the leading collectives.
They were elected as a delegate of the XX Congress of the CPSU, a Deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR of the 5th convocation (1958–1962), a Deputy of the Supreme Council of the Kazakh SSR of the 3-4 convocations. They were also elected a member of the Central Committee of the Communist party of the Kazakh SSR (for the 1954, 1956, 1960 elections).
Memory
In 1959, the village of Chubar (now Aldabergenov village), erected a bust of Aldabergenov made by the sculptor H. Nauryzbayev, and the architect I. Tokyria. The bust was cast from bronze atop a four-sided stepped pedestal made of granite, the total height being 3.6 m. in 1982. The bust of Nurmolda Aldabergenov is included in the list of historical and cultural monuments of the Kazakh SSR of Republican significance and taken under state protection. In 1986, the Nurmolda Aldabergenov memorial Museum opened in the village.
Literature
Алма-Ата. Энциклопедия / Гл. ред. М. К. Козыбаев. — Алма-Ата: Гл. ред. Казахской Советской энциклопедии, 1983. — С. 91. — 60 000 экз.
Казахская ССР / Гл. ред. Р. Н. Нургалиев. — Алма-Ата: Гл. ред. Казахской советской энциклопедии, 1988. — Т. 2. — С. 68. — .
Память народа
Казахская ССР: краткая энциклопедия / Гл. ред. Р. Н. Нургалиев. — Алма-Ата: Гл. ред. Казахской советской энциклопедии, 1991. — Т. 4: Язык. Литература. Фольклор. Искусство. Архитектура. — С. 115. — 31 300 экз.
Постановление Совета Министров Казахской ССР от 26 января 1982 года № 38 «О памятниках истории и культуры Казахской ССР Республиканского значения».
Мемориальный музей Н. Алдабергенова. Дата обращения 20 сентября 2017.
1906 births
1967 deaths
Heroes of Socialist Labour
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Mullaghcleevaun () at , is the 15th–the highest peak in Ireland on the Arderin scale, and the 20th–the highest peak on the Vandeleur-Lynam scale. Mullaghcleevaun is in the central sector of the Wicklow Mountains range, in Wicklow, Ireland; it is the 2nd highest peak in Wicklow after Lugnaquilla. Mullaghcleevaun lies on the main "central spine" of the whole range that runs from Kippure in the north, to Lugnaquillia in the south; and in particular, it lies on the continuous "central boggy ridge" that runs from the Sally Gap to Tonelagee.
To the east of the main summit of Mullaghcleevaun is Mullaghcleevaun East Top . Below the summit of Mullaghcleevaun lies the corrie lake of Cleevaun Lough, Wicklow's highest natural lake at .
Naming
According to Irish academic Paul Tempan, Patrick Weston Joyce notes that Mullaghcleevaun was named after a "cradle-like depression near the top, presumably the one occupied by Cleevaun Lough".
Geography
Mullaghcleevaun is the 2nd highest peak in the Wicklow Mountains, and is situated in the central sector of the whole range, on the western edge overlooking the Poulaphouca Reservoir (also called the "Blessington Lakes").
Mullaghcleevan's prominence of , makes it the 8th-highest mountain in Ireland on the MountainViews Online Database, 100 Highest Irish Mountains, where the minimum prominence threshold is 100 metres. Mullaghcleevaun's flat summit is visible from other peaks in the range, and its massif also includes the subsidiary summit of Mullaghcleevaun East Top , whose prominence of qualifies it as Hewitt. To the south-east of Mullaghcleevaun East Top is the summit of Carrigshouk , whose prominence of qualifies it as an Arderin. Further away on Mullaghcleevaun's larger massif is Duff Hill , which lies to the north.
Mullaghcleevaun's most distinctive feature is its deep northern corrie, which contains Wicklow's highest natural lake, Lough Cleevaun .
Mullaghcleevaun's southeastern slopes are the source of the Glenmacnass River which flows down the Glenmacnass Waterfall into the Glenmacnass Valley and on to Laragh.
Hill walking
A common route to the summit of Mullaghcleevaun is from the south via an 8.5-kilometre 3-4 hour walk which starts from a small car-park in the forest below Carraigshouk (the car-park is known locally as "The Oasis") just off the R115 road (also called the Old Military Road). This southerly route ascends to Mullaghcleevaun East Top and then to the summit of Mullaghcleevaun, before retracing to the car-park.
A similar distance route can be done from the north starting at the car-park at Ballynultagh Gap (), which lies between Black Hill and Sorrel Hill).
A longer undertaking is the complete north-east to south-west "boggy ridge" that runs from the Sally Gap to Carrigvore , and then on to Gravale , and then after a col, the ridge continues south-westwards to meet Duff Hill , and then on to Mullaghcleevaun East Top and Mullaghcleevaun itself. Getting from the Sally Gap to Mullaghcleevan is itself an 8.5-kilometre 3-4 hour walk, which some hill walkers avoid having to completely retrace back to the Sally Gap, and thus completing a 7-hour walk, by instead using two cars.
Gallery
Bibliography
See also
Wicklow Way
Wicklow Round
Wicklow Mountains
Lists of mountains in Ireland
List of mountains of the British Isles by height
List of Marilyns in the British Isles
List of Hewitt mountains in England, Wales and Ireland
References
External links
MountainViews: The Irish Mountain Website, Mullaghcleevaun
MountainViews: Irish Online Mountain Database
The Database of British and Irish Hills , the largest database of British Isles mountains ("DoBIH")
Hill Bagging UK & Ireland, the searchable interface for the DoBIH
Marilyns of Ireland
Mountains and hills of County Wicklow
Hewitts of Ireland
Mountains under 1000 metres
Frank Davis Hammond (Oct. 12, 1921 - March 17, 2005) was an author of Christian related books, particularly on deliverance ministry. In 1980 Hammond founded 'The Children's Bread Ministry' with their wife (and sometimes coauthor) Ida Mae Hammond. Hammond was an alumnus of Baylor University and Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary.
Teachings
Hammond taught that ethical issues such as resentment and gossiping – together with issues such as compulsive eating, forgetfulness, sexual problems, and mental illness – may be caused by demons requiring deliverance ministry, and that such individuals may require such deliverance. They and their wife Ida Mae have been called "perhaps the most influential practitioners of deliverance ministry." Their 1973 book Pigs in the Parlor: A Practical Guide to Deliverance is one of the most influential on the topic, and has sold over a million copies.
Hammond's books helped to transfer the ideas of deliverance ministry into the Catholic Charismatic Renewal, in particular the concept of demonic influence short of the demonic possession that requires exorcism by a priest.
Personal
Born in Terrell, TX in October 1921, they married Ida Mae Loden
(also of Terrell) in 1948.
Bibliography
Overcoming Rejection (1987)
Soul Ties (1988)
Confronting Familiar Spirits: Counterfeits to the Holy Spirit (1988)
Promoted by God (1989)
Our Warfare - Against Demons and Territorial Spirits (1991)
Demons and Deliverance in the Ministry of Jesus (1991)
Forgiving Others: The Key to Healing & Deliverance (1995)
Manual for Childrens Deliverance (1996)
Marriage Bed (1999)
God Warns America (2000)
The Tales of Two Franks: Unusual Deliverance Experiences (2000, with Frank Marzullo)
The Father's Blessing (2001)
Repercussions from Sexual Sins (2002)
The Strongman of Unbelief (2002, with Dorman Duggan)
The Perils of Passivity (2004)
Saints at War (2012)
With Ida Mae Hammond
Pigs in the Parlor: A Practical Guide to Deliverance (1973)
Kingdom Living for the Family (1985)
The Breaking of Curses (1993)
Comfort for the Wounded Spirit (1994)
See also
Spiritual warfare
References
American Christian writers
1921 births
2005 deaths
Baylor University alumni
Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary alumni
Elliot Liebow (1925–1994) was an American urban anthropologist and ethnographer. Their works include Tally's Corner and Tell Them Who I Am, both micro-sociological writings that were participant observer studies of people in poor areas. They also served as chief of the Center for the Study of Work and Mental Health at the National Institute of Mental Health.
Tally's Corner served as Liebow's PhD dissertation for Catholic University of America. The book has been considered a "classic" ethnography of black street-corner society in Washington DC featuring the narratives of young unemployed and casually employed black men about work, their families, friends and themselves. It has sold more than a million copies. However, the book has also been widely criticized for failing to explore or acknowledge the constraints of institutional and systemic racism on the lives and social conditions of Black people.
Liebow was also a poet.
Tell Them Who I Am accounts the everyday life of homeless women in Washington D.C. Liebow's purpose for the book was to "write a straight forward description of shelter life," "see the world of homelessness as homeless women see and experience it," and explain "how these women remained human in the face of inhuman conditions."
References
Ethnographers
Catholic University of America alumni
1925 births
1994 deaths
20th-century American non-fiction writers
JTI may refer to:
Japan Tobacco International
Join the Impact, an American LGBT political movement
Journal of Japanese Trade & Industry, now called Japan Spotlight
Journal of Theological Interpretation
Jubail Technical Institute, in Saudi Arabia
Jungian Type Indicator, a psychometric questionnaire to assess personality types
University of Virginia Japanese Text Initiative
Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute, formerly Victoria Jubilee Technical Institute, Mumbai
The Whetstone of Witte is the shortened title of Robert Recorde's mathematics book published in 1557, the full title being The whetstone of , is the : The Coßike practise, with the rule of Equation: and the of Surde Nombers. The book covers topics including whole numbers, the extraction of roots and irrational numbers. The work is notable for containing the first recorded use of the equals sign and also for being the first book in English to use the plus and minus signs.
Recordian notation for exponentiation, however, differed from the later Cartesian notation . Recorde expressed indices and surds larger than 3 in a systematic form based on the prime factorization of the exponent: a factor of two they termed a zenzic, and a factor of three, a cubic. Recorde termed the larger prime numbers appearing in this factorization sursolids, distinguishing between them by use of ordinal numbers: that is, they defined 5 as the first sursolid, written as ʃz and 7 as the second sursolid, written as Bʃz.
They also devised symbols for these factors: a zenzic was denoted by z, and a cubic by &. For instance, they referred to p8=p2×2×2 as zzz (the zenzizenzizenzic), and q12=q2×2×3 as zz& (the zenzizenzicubic).
Later in the book they include a chart of exponents all the way up to p80=p2×2×2×2×5 written as zzzzʃz. There is an error in the chart, however, writing p69 as Sʃz, despite it not being a prime. It should be p3×23 or &Gʃz.
References
External links
The Whetstone of Witte at The Internet Archive
Mathematics books
British non-fiction literature
1557 books
History of mathematics
This page summarises the Champions Path matches of the 2022–23 UEFA Europa Conference League qualifying phase and play-off round.
Times are CEST (UTC+2), as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).
Second qualifying round
Summary
|+Champions Path
|}
Matches
Ballkani won 10–0 on aggregate.
Víkingur Reykjavík won 2–0 on aggregate.
KÍ Klaksvík won 1–0 on aggregate.
Hibernians won 4–3 on aggregate.
Zrinjski Mostar won 4–2 on aggregate.
Lech Poznań won 6–1 on aggregate.
CFR Cluj won 4–1 on aggregate.
Tobol won 3–0 on aggregate.
Third qualifying round
Summary
|+Champions Path
|}
Matches
Lech Poznań won 4–2 on aggregate.
RFS won 4–2 on aggregate.
4–4 on aggregate. Ballkani won 4–3 on penalties.
Zrinjski Mostar won 2–1 on aggregate.
CFR Cluj won 1–0 on aggregate.
Play-off round
Summary
|+Champions Path
|}
Matches
CFR Cluj won 1–0 on aggregate.
3–3 on aggregate. RFS won 4–2 on penalties.
Lech Poznań won 3–1 on aggregate.
Ballkani won 3–1 on aggregate.
2–2 on aggregate. Slovan Bratislava won 6–5 on penalties.
Notes
References
External links
1M
In game theory, fictitious play is a learning rule first introduced by George W. Brown. In it, each player presumes that the opponents are playing stationary (possibly mixed) strategies. At each round, each player thus best responds to the empirical frequency of play of their opponent. Such a method is of course adequate if the opponent indeed uses a stationary strategy, while it is flawed if the opponent's strategy is non-stationary. The opponent's strategy may for example be conditioned on the fictitious player's last move.
History
Brown first introduced fictitious play as an explanation for Nash equilibrium play. They imagined that a player would "simulate" play of the game in their mind and update their future play based on this simulation; hence the name fictitious play. In terms of current use, the name is a bit of a misnomer, since each play of the game actually occurs. The play is not exactly fictitious.
Convergence properties
In fictitious play, strict Nash equilibria are absorbing states. That is, if at any time period all the players play a Nash equilibrium, then they will do so for all subsequent rounds. (Fudenberg and Levine 1998, Proposition 2.1) In addition, if fictitious play converges to any distribution, those probabilities correspond to a Nash equilibrium of the underlying game. (Proposition 2.2)
Therefore, the interesting question is, under what circumstances do fictitious play converge? The process will converge for a 2-person game if:
Both players have only a finite number of strategies and the game is zero sum (Robinson 1951)
The game is solvable by iterated elimination of strictly dominated strategies (Nachbar 1990)
The game is a potential game (Monderer and Shapley 1996-a,1996-b)
The game has generic payoffs and is 2 × N (Berger 2005)
Fictitious play does not always converge, however. Shapley (1964) proved that in the game pictured here (a nonzero-sum version of Rock, Paper, Scissors), if the players start by choosing (a, B), the play will cycle indefinitely.
Terminology
Berger (2007) states that "what modern game theorists describe as 'fictitious play' is not the learning process that George W. Brown defined in their 1951 paper": Brown's "original version differs in a subtle detail..." in that modern usage involves the players updating their beliefs simultaneously, whereas Brown described the players updating alternatingly. Berger then uses Brown's original form to present a simple and intuitive proof of convergence in the case of two-player nondegenerate ordinal potential games.
The term "fictitious" had earlier been given another meaning in game theory. Von Neumann and Morgenstern [1944] defined a "fictitious player" as a player with only one strategy, added to an n-player game to turn it into a (n + 1)-player zero-sum game.
References
Berger, U. (2005) "Fictitious Play in 2xN Games", Journal of Economic Theory 120, 139–154.
Berger, U. (2007) "Brown's original fictitious play", Journal of Economic Theory 135:572–578
Brown, G.W. (1951) "Iterative Solutions of Games by Fictitious Play" In Activity Analysis of Production and Allocation, T. C. Koopmans (Ed.), New York: Wiley.
Fudenberg, D. and D.K. Levine (1998) The Theory of Learning in Games Cambridge: MIT Press.
Monderer, D., and Shapley, L.S. (1996-a) "Potential Games", Games and Economic Behavior 14, 124-143.
Monderer, D., and Shapley, L.S. (1996-b) "Fictitious Play Property for Games with Identical Interests", Journal of Economic Theory 68, 258–265.
Nachbar, J. (1990) "Evolutionary Selection Dynamics in Games: Convergence and Limit Properties", International Journal of Game Theory 19, 59–89.
von Neumann and Morgenstern (1944), Theory of Games and Economic Behavior, Princeton and Woodstock: Princeton University Press.
Robinson, J. (1951) "An Iterative Method of Solving a Game", Annals of Mathematics 54, 296–301.
Shapley L. (1964) "Some Topics in Two-Person Games" In Advances in Game Theory M. Dresher, L.S. Shapley, and A.W. Tucker (Eds.), Princeton: Princeton University Press.
External links
Game-Theoretic Solution to Poker Using Fictitious Play
Game theory
1936 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 30th water polo championship in Hungary. There were eight teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
Budapest: 1. MUE 10, 2. NSC 9, 3. VAC 5, 4. MAFC 0 point.
Eastern Division: 1. MOVE Eger SE 10, 2. Orosházi UE 8, 3. Kecskeméti AC 6, 4. Szolnoki MÁV 4, 5. Egri TE 2, 6. Jászapáti Összetartás SE 0 point.
Western Division: 1. Győri ETO, 2. Tatabányai SC.
Final: MUE–Győri ETO 2:0, 0:0.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
Magyar Sport Almanach 1936
1936 in water polo
1936 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Carl Hansen (January 3, 1866 – January 3, 1918) was an American farmer, business person, and politician.
Born in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, Hansen was a farmer. Later, they were in the fire insurance and real estate business. Hansen was a Democrat. They served as assessor, treasurer, and harbor master for the City of Manitowoc. In 1898 and 1899, Hansen served on the Manitowoc Common Council. From 1911 until their death in 1918, Hansen served in the Wisconsin State Assembly. They died in Manitowoc, Wisconsin on January 3, 1918. Walter Wittman was elected, in a special February 1918 election, to the Wisconsin Assembly, to succeed Hansen.
Notes
1866 births
1918 deaths
People from Manitowoc, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin city council members
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
The Howard Hills () are an area of low hills and meltwater lakes south of Beaver Glacier in the northeastern part of the Scott Mountains, Enderby Land, Antarctica. They were plotted from air photos taken from Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions aircraft in 1956, and named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia after W.E. Howard, a member of the crew of the Discovery during the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition, 1929–31.
References
Hills of Antarctica
Landforms of Enderby Land
Matthew Lytle (born September 4, 1975) is a former American football quarterback of the National Football League. They were signed by the Seattle Seahawks as a street free agent in 2000. They played college football at Pittsburgh.
Lytle was also a member of the Carolina Panthers, Baltimore Ravens and Colorado Crush.
Professional career
Rhein Fire
In the 2000 offseason, Lytle played for the Rhein Fire of NFL Europe and won World Bowl VIII.
Seattle Seahawks
Lytle was claimed off waivers by the Seattle Seahawks on August 28, 2000. They made their NFL debut on October 22 in a 31–3 loss to the Oakland Raiders, but did not record any statistics. They also appeared in the team's 17–15 win over the San Diego Chargers on November 5.
Lytle was later waived and re-signed to the practice squad on November 23.
Carolina Panthers
On December 4, 2000, Lytle was signed off the practice squad to the Carolina Panthers' active roster after defensive end Jason Peter was placed on injured reserve. They were inactive for every game the rest of the season.
Lytle made their 2001 preseason debut for the Panthers on August 18 in a 23–8 loss to the New England Patriots. They attempted just one pass in the game, failing to connect with receiver Jim Turner. Lytle saw more extensive action in the preseason finale against the Cleveland Browns on August 31. After a 90-yard kickoff returned for a touchdown by Browns receiver Andre King with five minutes remaining in the game, Lytle led the two-play, 59-yard drive which culminated with a 51-yard touchdown to receiver Dialleo Burks. Lytle finished the game 5-for-8 for 114 yards and a touchdown, while also carrying the ball twice for a total of five yards, as the Panthers beat the Browns 23–20.
Lytle began the 2001 season as the Panthers' third-string quarterback behind starter Chris Weinke and backup Dameyune Craig. They made their regular season Panthers debut on November 4 against the Miami Dolphins after Weinke went down with a shoulder injury and Craig with a foot injury. Lytle played the final six minutes of the game against the Dolphins, going 2-for-4 for seven yards and losing 13 yards on two sacks as the Panthers lost 23–6.
The following week against the St. Louis Rams, Lytle made their first and only NFL start. They completed 15 of 25 passes for 126 yards and a touchdown while rushing for eight yards on two carries. However, they were also intercepted by Rams defensive backs Kim Herring and Aeneas Williams. Their first career touchdown pass came on a four-yard grab by tight end Kris Mangum, but the Panthers fell to the Rams 48–14.
Lytle's final Panthers appearance came the following month in a 27–23 loss to the New Orleans Saints. Lytle threw just one pass in the game after Weinke went down with a concussion, and was intercepted by cornerback Fred Thomas.
The following offseason, Lytle was tendered a contract offer by the Panthers as an exclusive-rights free agent. However, the team rescinded the offer on May 21, 2002, making them an unrestricted free agent.
Montreal Alouettes
Lytle played with the Montreal Alouettes of the CFL in 2002. They were the backup to longtime CFL star Anthony Calvillo with the Als. Lytle played seven games (with one start), and went 11/27 passing for 182 yards, throwing one touchdown and one interception.
Baltimore Ravens
After spending the 2002 season in the CFL, Lytle was signed by the Baltimore Ravens on July 23, 2003. They failed to make the team out of training camp, however, and was released on August 25.
Colorado Crush
On November 23, 2003, Lytle signed with the Colorado Crush of the Arena Football League. However, they failed to earn a job with the team on opening day and was released in favor of Jose Davis and John Dutton on February 2, 2004.
References
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lancaster, Pennsylvania
American football quarterbacks
Canadian football quarterbacks
American players of Canadian football
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh Panthers football players
Rhein Fire players
Seattle Seahawks players
Carolina Panthers players
Montreal Alouettes players
Baltimore Ravens players
Colorado Crush players
People from Wyomissing, Pennsylvania
Helcystogramma deltophora is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Anthonie Johannes Theodorus Janse in 1954. It is found in Namibia.
References
Moths described in 1954
deltophora
Moths of Africa
A ducted propeller, also known as a Kort nozzle, is a marine propeller fitted with a non-rotating nozzle. It is used to improve the efficiency of the propeller and is especially used on heavily loaded propellers or propellers with limited diameter. It was developed first by Luigi Stipa (1931) and later by Ludwig Kort (1934). The Kort nozzle is a shrouded propeller assembly for marine propulsion. The cross-section of the shroud has the form of a foil, and the shroud can offer hydrodynamic advantages over bare propellers, under certain conditions.
Advantages are increased efficiency at lower speeds (<10 knots), better course stability and less vulnerability to debris. Downsides are reduced efficiency at higher speeds (>10 knots), course stability when sailing astern, and increase of cavitation. Ducted propellers are also used to replace rudders.
History
Luigi Stipa in 1931 and later Ludwig Kort (1934) demonstrated that an increase in propulsive efficiency could be achieved by surrounding the propeller with a foil-shaped shroud in the case of heavily loaded propellers. A "Kort Nozzle" is referred to as an accelerating nozzle and is generally a MARIN 19A profile or a MARIN 37 profile.
Advantages and disadvantages
Kort nozzles or ducted propellers can be significantly more efficient than unducted propellers at low speeds, producing greater thrust in a smaller package. Tugboats and fishing trawlers are the most common application for Kort nozzles as highly loaded propellers on slow moving vessels benefit the most. Nozzles have the additional benefits of reducing paddlewheel-effect (e.g. the tendency of a right-hand wheel to back to the left) and reduce bottom suction while operating in shallow water.
The additional shrouding adds drag, however, and Kort nozzles lose their advantage over propellers at about ten knots (18.5 km/h).
Kort nozzles may be fixed, with directional control coming from a rudder set in the water flow, or pivoting, where their flow controls the vessel's steering.
Shrouding of this type is also beneficial to navigation in ice fields since it protects the propeller tips to some extent. However, ice or any other floating object can become jammed between the wheel and nozzle, locking up the wheel. Fouled wheels in Kort nozzles are much more difficult to clear than open wheels.
A research paper by Bexton et al. (2012) concluded that ducted propellers were the likely cause of fatal injuries of seals in the northeastern Atlantic. The authors hypothesized that the seals were drawn through the nozzle and past the rotating propeller blades, incurring curvilinear lacerations to skin and muscle tissue. This type of injury has come to be known as a "corkscrew" injury. The authors also comment that other animals, including harbour porpoises, have been seen to exhibit similar injuries.
Types
There are two types of ducts; accelerating and decelerating. With accelerating ducts, the duct profile is airfoil-like curved towards the inner side, which increases the inflow velocity and efficiency of the propeller. This effect works at lower speeds and is compensated increasingly at higher speeds by the added drag of the duct, which tends to decrease the efficiency of the propulsion. The accelerating type is used on heavily loaded propellers or propellers with limited diameter. As Ludwig Kort performed extensive research on it, this type is also called "Kort nozzle".
With the second type, the straight surface of the duct profile on the inside and the bent one on the outside, the inflow velocity is reduced, whereby pressure is increased, reducing cavitation. This is called a pump-jet, especially in combination with fixed blades or variable stators.
MARIN has done extensive research on ducted propellers. Many of the used profiles are based on the NACA airfoils of which the NACA 4415 has very good characteristics. Most commonly used are nozzle 19A and 37 of the MARIN series. These have a rounded trailing edge to ease fabrication and increase efficiency sailing astern. Initially, the propellers of the Wageningen B-series were used, later the Kaplan-type with a wider blade tip.
Physics
In a Kort nozzle, the inflow velocity is increased, reducing pressure. This lowers thrust and torque of the propeller. At the same time, a circulation occurs, resulting in an inward aimed force, that has a forward component. The duct therefore has a positive thrust. This is normally larger than the thrust reduction of the propeller. The small clearance between the propeller and duct reduces tip vortex, increasing efficiency.
As drag increases with increasing speed, eventually this will become larger than the added thrust. Vessels that normally operate above this speed are therefore normally not fitted with ducts. When towing, tugboats sail with low speed and heavily loaded propellers, and are often fitted with ducts. Bollard pull can increase up to 30% with ducts.
With decelerating ducts, the circulation opposite of the Kort nozzle, resulting in a negative thrust of the duct. This type is used for high speed vessels with increased exposure to cavitation and vessels that want to reduce noise levels, such as warships.
See also
References
Bibliography
(2007): Marine Propellers and Propulsion, Butterworth-Heinemann
(2004): Basic Ship Propulsion, Allied Publishers
(1970): Wake Adapted Ducted Propellers, Nederlands Schip Model Basin, Wageningen
External links
Rice Speed Nozzle and Propeller
Tug boat glossary
Papers by L. Stipa, translated by the NACA
Damen Marine Components Netherlands
Propellers
Marine propulsion
Nozzles
Giovanni Migliorati may refer to:
Giovanni Migliorati (cardinal), (died in 1410), Italian Roman Catholic cardinal (since 1405), Archbishop of Ravenna (1400–1405)
Giovanni Migliorati (bishop), (1942–2016), Italian-born Ethiopian Roman Catholic prelate, Vicar Apostolic of Awasa (2009–2016)
Mount Stewart is a mountain on the northern side of Upper Cataract Creek Valley in Alberta, Canada. It is the highest point of the Cloister Mountains.
The mountain was named by Arthur Coleman in 1902 for Louis Stewart, a Professor of Surveys at the University of Toronto. In the late 1800s, Stewart had accompanied Coleman on two trips into the Canadian Rockies. Stewart's father, George Alexander Stewart became the first superintendent of Banff National Park.
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Alberta's Rockies
Nitratireductor is a genus of bacteria.
References
Phyllobacteriaceae
Bacteria genera
The Ministry of the Presidency, Relations with the Cortes and Democratic Memory (MPR) is the department of the Government of Spain which assures the link between the different Ministries and the Prime Minister and is responsible for the relations between the Government and the Parliament. This department also supports The Crown in the exercise of its functions.
In this sense, it is responsible for coordinating the matters of institutional relevance; preparing, carrying out and tracking the legislative program; supporting the Prime Minister; supporting the Cabinet, the Government Delegated Committees and the General Commission of Secretaries of State and Undersecretaries; supporting the Government with its relationships with the Cortes Generales and managing the government policies regarding historical and democratic memory, as well as the exercise of the right to religious freedom and worship.
As a supportive department of the Prime Minister, it assumes the functions of giving material, economic, budgetary and personnel support and, in general, as many others of this nature require the Premier and the bodies dependent on the Office of the Prime Minister. Likewise, the MPR is responsible for authorizasing the use of the flag, the coat of arms and other national symbols.
At the same time, the Presidency Minister exercises the functions of secretary of the Council of Ministers, signing the minutes of each meeting of the Council as Minister-Secretary of the Council of Ministers. The Ministry's official budget for 2019 is € 614.23 million.
History
Origin
The background of the coordination work of the different areas of governmental action exercised by the current Ministry of the Presidency can be track down in the resolution of 30 November 1714, which, under the reign of Philip V, the Cabinet Council was created.
For the establishment of the Council of Ministers would have to wait more than 100 years, until the Royal Decree of November 19, 1823, under the reign of Ferdinand VII. It is at this time that the embryo of a ministerial coordination function and the Secretariat of the Government can be glimpsed, with the establishment of a book where the agreements of the Council would be written, which fell to the Ministers themselves.
Assistance to the Prime Minister
Despite this, some gestures already announced the future birth of a support structure for the Prime Minister, which would lead to an independent Ministry. Thus, by Royal Decree of 30 September 1851, a Directorate-General was created that assisted the President of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister) in the management of overseas affairs, and that would be the embryo of the future Ministry of the Presidency.
It was also created, the position of the Assistant Secretary of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers, however in its origins had no relationship with the functions of Secretariat of the Government until 1871. At the beginning of the 1890s, the structure of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Presidency was remodeled, assigning functions of relationship with the constitutional bodies and with regard to appointments and dismissals.
In the 20th century, the position became known as the Administrative Office of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers (1926), recovering that of Assistant Secretary of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers by virtue of the Royal Decree of 4 February 1930. This designation kept under the Second Republic. It is that time, the figure without especially specific functions, performs tasks as different as those derived from being the Technical Secretariat for Morocco and Colonies and for the National Tourist Board.
Under the Franco regime was confirmed by Decree of August 11, 1939 the existence of the Assistant Secretary of the Presidency, and Luis Carrero Blanco was appointed it. According to the Law of 22 December 1948, the Office of the Assistant Secretary was a special Department that would be in charge of the General Policy and Coordination services.
Ministry
It would be in 1951, through the Decree-Law of July 19 when the Assistant Secretary of the Presidency was given the rank of Minister and with the Legal Regime of the State Administration Act (1957) it was granted to it the function of Secretariat of the Government, as well as preside over the Commissions of Undersecretaries. During the 1950s and 1960s, the Ministry of the Presidency was the driving force behind the administrative reforms underway.
In 1957 they were assigned the Official State Gazette, the Office of Economic Coordination and Programming was created within the scope of the General Technical Secretariat of the Ministry and it was centralized the competencies in the area of civil servants, with the creation of the Center for the Training and Improvement of Civil Servants (1958, future National Institute for Public Administration), the Superior Commission for Personnel and the Directorate-General for the Civil Service.
In 1967 it coincided for the first time the positions of Minister of the Presidency (at the time Minister-Undersecretary) and Deputy Prime Minister, in this case in the person of Luis Carrero Blanco. This circumstance would be repeated in the future in the cases of Alfonso Osorio (1976–1977, 2nd Deputy PM), Francisco Álvarez-Cascos (1996–2000), Mariano Rajoy (2000–2001 and 2002–2003), Javier Arenas (2003–2004, 2nd Deputy PM), María Teresa Fernández de la Vega (2004–2010), Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría (2011–2018) and Carmen Calvo (2018–2021).
In spite of the existence of an entire Office since 1951 at the service of the Minister-Undersecretary of the Presidency (or Minister-Assistant Secretary), the Ministry was officially created by a Law of 2 January 1974. In 1976 it assumed the National Statistics Institute, the Directorate-General for Territorial Action and Environment and the National Geographic Institute.
Democracy
The most relevant responsibilities assumed during this period were those derived from the relations between the executive branch and the legislative branch because of the parliamentary system created by the Constitution of 1978. For this purpose, in 1979 it was created the Office of the Secretary of State for Constitutional Development, which two years later would become the current Secretariat of State for Relations with the Cortes. The importance of these responsibilities were seen in the period of 1986 to 1993 when the Ministry was renamed Ministry of Relations with the Cortes and the Government Secretariat
In 1977 the Directorate-General for Territorial Action and Environment was transferred to the Ministry of Development and the National Statistics Institute to the Ministry of Economy. In 1987 the Development Ministry also assumed the National Geographic Institute.
With the creation of the Ministry of Public Administrations in 1979, it lost the responsibilities on the Civil Service. In 1993, the Office of the Spokesperson of the Government was integrated in the Ministry and in 1996 these structure was extended creating the Secretariat of State for Press. Since then, the positions of Minister of the Presidency and Spokesperson have coincided in the persons of Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba (1993–1996), Mariano Rajoy Brey (2002–2003), María Teresa Fernández de la Vega (2004–2010) and Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría (2011–2016).
As a consequence of the social alarm provoked by the Prestige Disaster, in the 2003–2004 period a Commissioner was created for actions resulting from the catastrophe of the MV Prestige, with the rank of Secretary of State, supported by the Office of the Commissioner and functionally dependent on the Minister of the Presidency. The position was occupied by Rodolfo Martín Villa. The successor of this body the Center for the Prevention and Fight against Maritime and Coastal Pollution was included in the structure of the Ministry, with the rank of Directorate-General and whose competences passed in 2008 to the Ministry of Environment.
In 2012, the National Intelligence Centre was integrated in the Ministry and in 2013 it was created the Office for the Implementation of the Administration Reform (OPERA).
Since November 2016, it assumes the responsibilities of relations with the Autonomous Communities and the Entities that make up the Local Administration and those relating to the territorial organization of the State but it loses the Secretariat of State for Press, which is transferred to the Office of the Prime Minister. In 2017 it was created the Government Commissioner facing the Demographic Challenge. In June 2018 it loses the responsibilities on territorial policy but assumes those on equality.
In 2020, the ministry's powers over equality policies are transferred to the Ministry of Equality but, in exchange, the department assumes the powers regarding democratic memory and religious freedom, both coming from the Ministry of Justice. In 2021, Félix Bolaños was appointed minister of the Presidency.
Structure
The Ministry of the Presidency, Relations with the Cortes and Equality is organised in the following superior bodies:
The Secretariat of State for Relations with the Cortes and Constitutional Affairs.
The Directorate-General for Relations with the Cortes.
The Deputy Directorate-General for Legislative Coordination.
The Deputy Directorate-General for Parliamentary Initiatives.
The Deputy Directorate-General for Written Control.
The Deputy Directorate-General for Parliamentary Documentation.
The Directorate-General for Constitutional Affairs and Legal Coordination.
The Deputy Directorate-General for Constitutional Regime.
The Secretariat of State for Democratic Memory.
The Directorate-General for Democratic Memory.
The Deputy Directorate-General for Assistance to Victims of the Civil War and the Dictatorship.
The Division for Administrative Coordination and Institutional Relations.
The Undersecretariat of the Presidency, Relations with the Cortes and Democratic Memory.
The Technical General Secretariat-Government Secretariat.
The Directorate-General for Services
The Technical Cabinet.
The Deputy Directorate-General for Religious Freedom.
The Special Commissioner for the Reconstruction of the island of La Palma, with rank of Under-Secretary.
The Office of the Special Commissioner for the Reconstruction of the island of La Palma.
From the ministry also depends on other public agencies and bodies:
Boletín Oficial del Estado.
Patrimonio Nacional
Centro de Estudios Políticos y Constitucionales.
Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas.
List of Ministers
Governments of Francisco Franco (1936–1975)
(1951–1967): Luis Carrero Blanco — (1)
(1973–1974): José María Gamazo — (1)
(1974–1975): Antonio Carro Martínez
First Governments of the Monarchy (1975–1977) (1975–1977): Alfonso Osorio
Constituency Legislature (1977–1979)
(1977–1979): José Manuel Otero Novas, UCD
I Legislature (1979–1982)
(1979–1980): José Pedro Pérez-Llorca Rodrigo, UCD
(1980–1981): Rafael Arias-Salgado Montalvo, UCD
(1981): Pío Cabanillas Gallas, UCD
(1981–1982): Matías Rodríguez Inciarte, UCD
II Legislature (1982–1986)
(1982–1986): Javier Moscoso del Prado, PSOE
III Legislature (1986–1989), called Ministerio de Relaciones con las Cortes y de la Secretaría del Gobierno.
(1986–1989): Virgilio Zapatero Gómez, PSOE
IV Legislature (1989–1993), called Ministerio de Relaciones con las Cortes.
(1992–1993): Virgilio Zapatero Gómez, PSOE
V Legislature (1993–1996)
(1995–1996): Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba, PSOE
VI Legislature (1996–2000)
(1996–2000): Francisco Álvarez-Cascos Fernández, PP
VII Legislature (2000–2004)
(2000–2001): Mariano Rajoy Brey, PP
(2001–2002): Juan José Lucas Giménez, PP
(2002–2003): Mariano Rajoy Brey, PP
(2003–2004): Javier Arenas Bocanegra, PP
VIII Legislature (2004–2008)
(2004–2008): María Teresa Fernández de la Vega, PSOE
IX Legislature (2008–2011)
(2008–2010): María Teresa Fernández de la Vega, PSOE
(2010–2011): Ramón Jáuregui, PSOE
X Legislature (2011–2016)
(2011–2016): Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría, PP
XI Legislature (2016)
(2016): Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría, PP — (2)
XII Legislature (2016–present)
(2016–2018): Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría, PP — (2)
(2018–2021): Carmen Calvo Poyato, PSOE — (3/4)
(2021–present): Félix Bolaños, PSOE (4)
(1) Undersecretaries of the Presidency
(2) Minister of the Presidency and for the Territorial Administrations
(3) Minister of the Presidency, Relations with the Cortes and Equality
(4) Minister of the Presidency, Relations with the Cortes and Democratic Memory
References
Spanish Cabinets at CSIC website
External links
Ministry of the Presidency official website
Presidency
1951 establishments in Spain
Ministries established in 1951
Presidency
Lucjan Kintopf (12 March 1898 – 11 December 1979) was a Polish painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1898 births
1979 deaths
20th-century Polish painters
20th-century Polish male artists
Artists from Warsaw
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Polish male painters
The Loudwater Mystery is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Gregory Scott, Pauline Peters and Clive Brook. It was based on the 1920 novel The Loudwater Mystery by Edgar Jepson.
Plot
A detective investigating the death of an aristocrat eventually deduces they were murdered by their secretary.
Cast
Gregory Scott as Hubert Manley
Pauline Peters as Lady Loudwater
Clive Brook as Lord Loudwater
Cameron Carr as Inspector Flexen
Charles Tilson-Chowne as Colonel Grey
Arthur Walcott as Carrington
Nan Heriot as Miss Truslove
Charles Poulton as Roper
References
Bibliography
Low, Rachael. History of the British Film, 1918-1929. George Allen & Unwin, 1971.
External links
1921 films
British silent feature films
British crime films
British mystery films
Films directed by Walter West
Films based on British novels
Broadwest films
Films set in England
British black-and-white films
1921 crime films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
Silent mystery films
Chertanovskaya () is a station on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It was designed by architect Nina Alyoshina and opened in 1983.
Gallery
References
Moscow Metro stations
Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
1996 Bangladesh tornado was a deadly and destructive tornado that struck 80 - 90 villages in north-central Bangladesh on 13 May 1996, leaving more than 600 fatalities with over 37,248 injured, and 36,420 houses were extensively damaged within 20 minutes of its arrival at 125 mi/h. The tornado arrived through Jamalpur, Sirajganj and Tangail districts that affected numerous families across the villages, 100,000 people went homeless and more than 6,787 livestock were killed. Initial reports cited between 400 and 443 dead with 32,000 injured.
Before the tornado arrived, locals witnessed heavy hailstones across the affected areas. Strong winds lifted several people away, and one person was blown and dropped 1.5 kilometers away at 28 mph. It also uprooted trees and damaged the houses completely, mostly mudbrick-huts built by the villagers on the banks of river.
Background
Bangladesh is one of the most vulnerable countries in the world to various natural disasters, including frequent occurrences of cyclones, storm surges, tornadoes, tornado outbreaks, devastating floods and maritime disasters. Due to its frequent climate changes, it is recognized eighth vulnerable country in the history of world natural disaster. On May 13, 1996, tornado originated in north central of the country through Jamalpur, Sirajganj and Tangail districts of Dhaka. Due to its immense speed and 20 minutes of large destruction, it was declared the deadliest tornado, affecting the 90 villages of the country in forty years of Bangladesh's history. Several people died due to disease infection, head injuries, and lack of sanitary countermeasures and emergency assistance. The New York Times described "tree branches transformed into missiles by the 125 mile-per-hour winds".
Emergency response
The survivors accused the administration for not providing timely assistance, leading to count more tolls. Despite being a hotspot of tornadoes, disaster response was never exercised in the 1990s. People claimed that authorities left several survivors alone in an attempt to search for the missing bodies and arrange their burial preparations. NGOs and neighboring people were actively involved in emergency assistance and the victims where possible, received disaster relief from the Bangladesh Red Crescent Society and government agencies. The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) was also providing medical assistance and dispatching relief materials to the tornado victims.
References
Tornadoes in Bangladesh
Tornadoes of 1996
1996 in Bangladesh
May 1996 events in Asia
Sándor Bölöni Farkas or Alexander Farkas (Bölön, January 15, 1795 – February 2, 1842) was a writer who is perhaps best known for their journals (Journey in North America) they made while traveling the United States in 1831. They described the United States as a wonderland, and praised American democracy very highly. The book was banned by the Roman Catholic Church in 1834.
Farkas was a Hungarian Szekler Unitarian who was instrumental in making a connection between American and British Unitarians and the surviving Unitarian Church in Transylvania. They were the first Hungarian Unitarian to visit America, as the secretary to Count Francis Beldi on a trip to Paris and America. In three months—September 3 to November 23, 1831—Farkas and Count Beldi toured New York, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Maryland. Their Account of the Unitarians of Transylvania, was communicated in Latin to the Secretary of the British and Foreign Unitarian Association and published in The Unitarian advocate and religious miscellany in 1832.
Works
(Hungarian) Journal of a visit to America, Kolosvar 1834
There are two English translations of their Journey:
Bölöni Farkas, Sándor. Journey in North America. Translated and edited by Theodore and Helen Benedek Schoenman. Philadelphia: American Philosophical Society, 1977. This was reprinted in 2014.
Bölöni Farkas, Sándor. Journey in North America, 1831. Translated and edited by Arpad Kadarkay. Santa Barbara, Calif.: ABC-Clio, c1978.
The Journey is available online in the original Hungarian:
First Edition (1834)
Second Edition (1835)
A facsimile publication of the 1834 first edition was published in 2014.
References
1795 births
1842 deaths
People from Covasna County
Hungarian Unitarians
Hungarian writers
Members of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Unitarian Church of Transylvania
The Monita Secreta (also known as: Secret Instructions of the Jesuits, or the Secret Instructions of the Society of Jesus) is an alleged code of instructions from Claudio Acquaviva, the fifth general of the Society of Jesus, to its various superiors which claims to lay down methods to expand the power and influence of the Jesuit Order. Scholars regard the document as an anti-Jesuit forgery.
Summary of Contents
According to the Monita, Jesuits are to use every means at their disposal to acquire wealth for the order. For instance, Jesuits are encouraged to entice promising young men to enter the order and endow it with their estates; rich widows are to be cajoled and dissuaded from remarriage. Every means is to be used for the advancement of Jesuits to bishoprics or other ecclesiastical dignities and to discredit the members of other orders, while the world is to be persuaded that the Society is animated by the purest and least interested motives: the reputation of those who quit it is to be assailed and maligned in every way.
History
Scholars consider the Monita to be the work of one Jerome Zahorowski, a Pole, who, having been a member of the Society, had been expelled for disciplinary matters in 1613. They were first published in Krakow in 1615, purporting to be a translation from the Spanish, and were printed in the same city in 1614. Various stories were told regarding their discovery; they were most often associated with Duke Christian of Brunswick, despite the fact that they would have been only 15 years old at the time of their initial publication. The place where they were found was variously set down as Paderborn, Prague, Liège, Antwerp, Glatz, and on board a captured East Indiaman.
Attempts were likewise made at various times, as late even as 1783, to excite interest in the work as the result of a new discovery; there was also an undated edition, in the early nineteenth century, which professes to issue from the Propaganda Press, and to be authenticated by the testimonies of various Jesuit authorities. However, they are attributed to a general, "Felix Aconiti", who is completely unknown in the Annals of the Society of Jesus. The censor who purportedly approves the publication bears the name "Pasquinelli", while the titles which, it is alleged, should ensure the esteem of men in general for the Society, include all the crimes and abominations of every kind—immoralities, conspiracies, murders, and regicides—which the Jesuits' bitterest enemies have attributed to it.
Debate about authenticity
Amongst those who have argued that the Monita are a hoax are Bishop Lipski of Cracow (1616), Father Bernard Duhr in their Jesuiten Fablen, Fra Paolo Sarpi, the historian of the Council of Trent and Antoine Arnauld and the "Nouvelles Ecclesiastiques"; plus anti-Jesuits such as the Jansenists Henri de Saint-Ignace and Blaise Pascal, von Lang, Johann Joseph Ignaz von Döllinger, Friedrich (the author of Janus), Huber, and Reusch, as well as the Protestant historian Johann Karl Ludwig Gieseler. In the British House of Commons, during the debates on Catholic Emancipation, the fraudulent character of the Monita was acknowledged by more than one speaker, while the authorities of the British Museum and likewise the French bibliographer M. Barbier, agree in describing the work as "apocryphal".
Anglican Bishop of London Henry Compton was strongly opposed to Roman Catholicism, and in 1669 published an English translation of The Secret Instructions.
A defense was offered by Richard Frederick Littledale, opponent to Roman Catholicism, in their article "Jesuits", in the Encyclopædia Britannica of 1881. They claimed that the work is "both caricature and libel", but pleaded nevertheless that it was substantially true, since its author, "a shrewd and keen observer", having noticed how Jesuits actually worked, deduced from their observations the rules by which they were guided.
As against this case, John Gerard, writing in the Catholic Encyclopedia denies the authorship arguing that the official rules and constitutions of the Jesuits contradict these supposed instructions, for they expressly prohibit the acceptance of ecclesiastical dignities by its subjects, unless compelled by papal authority, and from the days of the founder, St. Ignatius Loyola, the Society has impeded such promotion. Gerard also argues that in many cases, genuine private instructions from the Jesuit general to subordinate superiors have fallen into hostile hands, which in many cases are found to give instructions directly contrary to those in the Monita.
James Bernauer draws comparisons between the Monita Secreta to the later no less libelous, discredited anti-Semitic Protocols of the Elders of Zion.
External links
(transcription of 1835 book, which includes "discourse on the authenticity of the work")
References
Attribution
Religious hoaxes
Jesuit history in Europe
Conspiracy theories
Oil shale in Jordan represents a significant resource. Oil shale deposits in Jordan underlie more than 60% of Jordanian territory. The total resources amount to 31 billion tonnes of oil shale.
The deposits include a high quality marinite oil shale of Late Cretaceous to early Cenozoic age. The most important and investigated deposits are located in west-central Jordan, where they occur at the surface and close to developed infrastructure.
Although oil shale was utilized in northern Jordan prior to and during World War I, intensive exploration and studies of Jordan's oil shale resource potential started in the 1970s and 1980s, being motivated by higher oil prices, modern technology and better economic potential. As of 2008, no oil shale industry exists in Jordan, but several companies are considering both shale oil extraction and oil shale combustion for thermal power generation.
Reserves
Jordan has significant oil shale deposits occurring in 26 known localities. According to the World Energy Council, Jordan has 8th largest oil shale resource in the world. Geological surveys indicate that the existing deposits underlie more than 60% of Jordan's territory. The resource has been estimated to consist of 40 to 70 billion tonnes of oil shale, which may be equivalent to more than 5 million tonnes of shale oil. However, according to a report by World Energy Council in 2010, Jordan had reserves of 34,172 billion tonnes as of the end of 2008. The Jordanian government said in September 2013 that they had reserves of 31 billion tonnes.
The Jordanian oil shale is a marinite of Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) to early Cenozoic era; it lies within the Muwaqqar Formation and is composed predominantly of chalk and marl. The rock is typically brown, gray, or black in color and weathers to a distinctive light bluish-gray. It is characterized by its content of light fine-grained phosphatic xenocrysts, some of which is accumulated in bone beds. An uncommon feature of Jordanian oil shale is that the included foraminiferal shells are filled with bitumen instead of the usual calcite.
In general, Jordanian oil shales are of high quality, comparable to the western United States oil shale, although their sulfur content is usually higher. While the sulfur content of the most oil shales in Jordan varies from 0.3 to 4.3%, the Jurf ed-Darawish and the Sultani deposits have sulfur content of 8 and 10% respectively. Sulfur is mostly associated with the organic matter with minor occurrence as pyrite. The moisture content of the oil shale is low (2 to 5.5%). The major mineral components of the Jordanian oil shale are calcite, quartz, kaolinite, and apatite, along with small amounts of dolomite, feldspar, pyrite, illite, goethite, and gypsum. It has also a relatively high metal content.
The eight most important deposits are located in west-central Jordan within east of the Dead Sea. These deposits are Juref ed Darawish, Sultani, Wadi Maghar, El Lajjun, Attarat Umm Ghudran, Khan ez Zabib, Siwaga, and Wadi Thamad. The best-explored deposits are El Lajjun, Sultani, and Juref ed Darawish, and to some extent Attarat Umm Ghudran. They are all classified as shallow and most are suitable for open-cast mining, albeit some are underlain by phosphate beds. In addition to the west-central deposits, another important deposit may be the Yarmouk deposit occurring near Jordan's northern border, and where the resource was first developed. This deposit would be exploitable by underground mining as it reaches some in thickness. A third oil shale region lies in southern Jordan in the Ma'an district.
History
Humans have used oil shale as a fuel since prehistoric times, because it generally burns without any processing. Its occurrence was known in Jordan from ancient times, as evidenced by its use as a building and decorative material from the ancient Greek, Roman, Byzantine, Umayyad and Abbasid periods. The modern exploitation of Jordanian oil shale began under Ottoman rule prior to and during World War I, when the German Army produced shale oil from the Yarmouk area. The oil shale was processed to operate the Hejaz Railway. It was mined and processed near the Maqarin station along the Haifa spur of the railroad, which partly follows the Yarmouk River valley. In addition to the shale oil production, oil shale was also utilized as a mix with coal to fuel locomotives.
The German Geological Mission studied the El Lajjun deposit in 1968. In 1979, the Natural Resources Authority of Jordan commissioned a study from the German Federal Institute of Natural Resources and Geosciences to evaluate the Juref ed Darawish, Sultani, El Lajjun, and El Hisa deposits and in 1980 from Klöckner-Lurgi to evaluate the pre-feasibility of construction of an oil shale retorting complex using Lurgi-Ruhrgas process and a power plant with 300 MW capacity using Lurgi's Circulating Fluidized Bed (CFB) combustion process. In 1980, the Soviet Technopromexport company conducted a pre-feasibility study of the 300–400 direct-burning conventional combustion power plant. In 1986, updated and expanded studies were ordered from Klöckner-Lurgi.
In 1985–1986, Chinese oil company Sinopec carried out a test for processing El Lajjun oil shale utilizing the Fushun-type retort. Although this process was technically viable, the cooperation with Sinopec was halted due to high operation costs. B.B.C, Lummus/Combustion Eng. and Bechtel Pyropower carried out the CIDA and USAID funded study of utilizing Sultani oil shale for direct combustion in CFB power plants.
The Krzhizhanovsky Power Engineering Institute (ENIN) conducted processing tests of Jordan oil shale using Galoter technology, finding the technology suitable. In 1999, Suncor Energy signed a memorandum of understanding with the Jordanian government to use the Alberta Taciuk Processing technology to exploit the El Lajjun oil shale deposit. However, the project was never implemented.
Shale oil extraction
In 2006–2007, the government of Jordan signed four memorandums of understanding for above-ground processing of shale oil and one memorandum for in-situ conversion processing. The memorandum of understanding with Estonian energy company Eesti Energia was signed on 5 November 2006. According to the agreement, Eesti Energia was awarded with the exclusive right to study about one third of the resources of the El Lajjun oil shale deposit. Later this right was transferred to cover a block on the Attarat Umm Ghudran oil shale deposit as the shallow aquifer that underlies the El Lajjun deposit provides fresh water to Amman and other municipalities in central Jordan. On 29 April 2008, Eesti Energia present a feasibility study to the Government of Jordan. According to the feasibility study, the company's subsidiary the Jordan Oil Shale Energy Company will establish a shale oil plant with capacity of . The shale oil plant will use an Enefit processing technology. The concession agreement was signed on 11 May 2010 in the presence of Jordanian and Estonian prime ministers Samir Zaid al-Rifai and Andrus Ansip.
On 24 February 2007, a memorandum of understanding was signed with Brazil's Petrobras awarding with the exclusive right to study a block at the Attarat Umm Ghudran deposit. The development will be carried out in the cooperation with Total S.A. The company will present a feasibility study at the beginning of 2009 and it will use the Petrosix technology.
In June 2006, a memorandum of understanding was signed with Royal Dutch Shell to test its in-situ conversion processing in the Azraq and Al-Jafr blocks of central Jordan. A formal agreement was concluded in February 2009 by which Shell's subsidiary Jordan Oil Shale Company committed to begin commercial operations within 12–20 years. According to the company a decision to invest in a commercial project is unlikely before the late 2020s. It is expected to start production in 2022.
On 9 March 2011, the government of Jordan signed a concession agreement with Karak International Oil, a subsidiary of Jordan Energy and Mining, a project company established for Jordan's oil shale activities. Karak International Oil (KIO) will build a shale oil plant in a area of El Lajjun in Karak Governorate by 2015. The company plans to use the Alberta Taciuk Processing technology.
On 5 November 2006, Saudi Arabian International Corporation for Oil Shale Investment (INCOSIN) signed a memorandum of understanding for evaluation of El Lajjun deposit and Attarat Umm Ghudran resources. The concession agreement was approved by the Jordanian government on 3 March 2013. The company cooperates with Russian Atomenergoproekt to utilize the Galoter (UTT-3000) process to build a shale oil plant. It plans to start production in 2019.
In March 2009, the government of Jordan approved a memorandum of understanding on oil shale extraction with Russian company Inter RAO UES and Aqaba Petroleum Company. Also the Abu Dhabi National Energy Company (TAQA) has shown interest to invest into Jordan's oil shale extraction sector. The memorandum of understanding for exploration in Wadi Al Naadiyeh is ready for signing with the Fushun Mining Group. In 2014, a memorandum of understanding was signed with Al Qamar for Energy and Infrastructure Company.
Power generation
For dealing with increasing power consumption, Jordan plans to utilize oil shale combustion for the power generation. On 30 April 2008, the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources of Jordan, the National Electricity Power Company of Jordan, and Eesti Energia signed an agreement, according to which, Eesti Energia will have the exclusive right to develop the construction of an oil shale-fired power plant with capacity of 460 MW. It is called Attarat Power Plant and is expected to be operational by 2017, revised to 2021. It will be among the largest power stations in Jordan (the largest being Aqaba Thermal Power Plant), and the largest oil shale-fired power plant in the world after Narva Power Plants in Estonia.
Inter RAO is planning to build an oil shale-fired power plant with capacity of 90–150 MW.
On 29 September 2013, Jordan and China made a deal to build an oil shale-fired power plant in Karak for $2.5 billion. It will be built by Shandong Electric Power Construction Corporation (SEPCO III), HTJ Group and Al-Lajjun Oil Shale Company. The capacity is 900 MW.
Cement production
In November 2005, a memorandum of understanding was signed with the Jordan Cement Factories Company (JCFC). According to this memorandum, JCFC will utilize El Lajjun oil shale from Karak Governorate for cement production.
References
It's All True is the fourth studio album by Canadian electronic music duo Junior Boys. The album was released on June 13, 2011.
Release
On March 11, 2011, Junior Boys announced they were releasing their fourth studio album.
Critical reception
It's All True was met with "generally favorable" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 78 based on 30 reviews. Aggregate website AnyDecentMusic? gave the release a 7.5 out of 10 based on a critical consensus of 29 reviews.
In a review for AllMusic, critic reviewer Andy Kellman wrote: "For all the sonic shimmer, not much exposure is needed to realize that the album concerns an embittering relationship. The duo's sound is remarkably amorphous, inviting countless comparisons and context placements across several decades and styles."
Track listing
Charts
References
2011 albums
Junior Boys albums
Domino Recording Company albums
Brame's Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa bramei) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama, particularly the Pacific and Atlantic slopes of Cordillera de Talamanca and ranging to Cerro Pando, Chiriquí Province and Volcán Barú.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and has been recorded between 1,900 and 2,300 meters above sea level. It has not been commonly recorded so nothing is known about its population.
No threats are known and its habitat is currently under protection by Las Tablas protected area and Reserva de la Biósfera de La Amistad.
References
IUCN SSC Amphibian Specialist Group. 2020. Bolitoglossa biseriata. Downloaded on 23 December 2020.
Bolitoglossa
Amphibians described in 2008
Aulus Cremutius Cordus (died 25 AD) was a Roman historian. There are very few remaining fragments of their work, principally covering the civil war and the reign of Augustus. In AD 25 they were forced by Sejanus, who was praetorian prefect under Tiberius, to take their life after being accused violating the lex maiestas.
Life and death
Cordus was accused of treason by Satrius Secundus for having eulogized Brutus and spoken of Cassius as the last of the Romans. The Senate ordered the burning of their writings. Seneca the Younger, however, tells us that they most likely incurred Sejanus' displeasure for criticising him, because Sejanus had commissioned a statue of himself. We also know from this source—a letter to Cordus' daughter Marcia—that they starved themselves to death. They were also instrumental in saving their work, so that it could be published again under Caligula. Apart from Seneca, they are mentioned by Tacitus, Quintilian, Suetonius and Dio Cassius. Even though Cordus committed suicide, their work survived.
The charge was, according to Tacitus, "a new charge for the first time heard" (novo ac tunc primum audito crimine). According to Mary R. McHugh, no one had been charged with maiestas (treason) for writing a history (editis annalibus). Tacitus wrote of him:
A few years after Cordus's death, Seneca the Younger wrote Ad Marciam in order to console Marcia, Cordus's daughter, on the occasion of their son Metilius's death. Even though Ad Marciam is not primarily about Cordus, Seneca indicates that the works of Cordus had been re-published. Suetonius unequivocally asserts that the works of Cremutius Cordus were put back into circulation during the reign of Gaius [Caligula].
Marcia seemed to have been actively involved in the re-publication of their father's works. When Seneca wrote Ad Marciam they mentioned that Metilius had died three years previously and Marcia was unable to seek solace even from their "beloved literature". Therefore, their contribution to the publication of their father's work pre-dates the death of their son.
Legacy
Vasily Rudich believes that "...the extent to which Seneca goes in their glorification of Cremutius Cordus is unbelievable." They also bring to attention the fact that "Seneca avoids any direct allusion to Cordus's alleged Republican sympathies, whatever their true character may have been."
According to Rebecca Langlands, Cordus's story "...is a tale which vividly demonstrates the possibility that a text might be received in a way which the author had not intended or anticipated, and be received in a way which might have dire consequences for author and text." As Langlands seems to suggest, Cordus was thus a man deeply misunderstood as a writer intending to vilify the royal family of the time, by their seemingly seditious work.
In their essay "Bookburning and Censorship in Ancient Rome", Frederick H. Cramer talks about the "...spineless schoolmaster Quintilian [who] grudgingly admitted that 'the bold utterances of Cremutius also have their admirers and deserve their fame, but they went on to assure readers that 'the passages that brought them to their ruin have been expurgated.'" Cramer also suggests that it was not unlikely for one of Quintilian's students to have been Tacitus, who later said:
The Fathers ordered their books to be burned...but some copies survived, hidden at the time, but afterwards published. Laughable, indeed, are the delusions of those who fancy that by their exercise of their ephemeral power, posterity can be defrauded of information. On the contrary, through persecution the reputation of the persecuted talents grows stronger. Foreign despots and all those who have used the same barbarous methods have only succeeded in bringing disgrace upon themselves and glory to their victims.
Cordus also appears in Ben Jonson's Sejanus: Their Fall. According to Martin Butler, "Jonson gives Cordus an eloquent defence of the historian's objectivity, but we never learn what their ultimate fate is. History might redeem the past by preserving truth about it, but it is more likely that truth will be an early casualty of politics."
References
External links
Latin historians
Ancient Roman writers
Silver Age Latin writers
1st-century Romans
25 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Book burnings
The St. Paul Rodeo Hall of Fame is a cowboy hall of fame. Established in 1998, the hall of fame was created to honor those individuals who, throughout its history, made significant contributions or distinguished themselves in their performances to the rodeo. Inductees include champions, stock contractors, committee personnel, and livestock.
Inductees
2019
Elaine Smith
Bob Gregory
Grant McKillip
Richard Ernst
Butch Knowles
2018
Charly Crawford
A.J. Swaim
Smith & Velvet
Sam & Claudia (Ernst) Smith
Dick & Eileen Buyserie
2017
Joe Ruda
Frank & Rita Foltz
Shirley Ernst
Trevor Knowles
Red Rock (Livestock)
2016
Tex Irwin
Norm Berhorst
Bill Smith
Cindy Smith
Lottie Smith
2015
Charles Soileau
Art McKay
Nancy Schneider
John & Karren Pohlschneider
2014
Mel Hyland
Justin McKee
Flint Rasmussen
Lawrence Bunning
Jean Manegre
2013
Steve Johnson
Chuck Lopeman
Lloyd Faria
Bill Dolan
Al Pohlschneider
2012
Fred Whitfield
Sonny Hansen
Loren Obrist/Rollin' Acres
Don Coleman
Don Ferschweiler
2011
Clay Finley
Les Johnson
Mary Ann Zielinski
Ed Brentano
Bill Smith, Sr.
2010
Joe Beaver
Rod Hay
Joe Baumgartner
Maurice Smith
Jerry Halter
2009
Bill Nelson
Mike Beers
Buck & Jason Smith
Mary McKay
Carl J. Smith
2008
Bill Halter
Roger & Brenda Howard
Jerri Mann
Rob Smets
Dwight Maddox
2007
John Weisz
Buddy Schneider
Gary Simon
Western Rodeos
Jackie Wright
2006
Rudy Doucette
Jim Bothum
Don Kish
Jim Gooding
Pat Smith
2005
Bob Tallman
Steve Coleman
Doug Brown
Donna Smith
Jimmie Cooper
2004
Ted McKillip
Clay Cooper
Judy Ackley
Ray Richardson
Stub Johnson
2003
Bruce Ford
Pat Nogle
Wick Peth
Bill Miller
George Bernards
2002
Cy Ferschweiler
John Growney
Dee McKillip
Dean Oliver
Enoch Walter
2001
John McKillip, Sr.
Joe Alexander
Bob Ragsdale
Wilbur Plaugher
Tony Halter
2000
Christensen Brothers
Maureen Coleman
Gene Smith
Harry Tompkins
Harry Charters
1999
Ray Manegre
Charmayne James
Harley Tucker
Buddy Groff
Jim Shoulders
1998
William Smith
Mel Lambert
Anne K. Smith
Larry Mahan
Gene Rambo
Source:
References
External links
Official Website
1998 establishments in Oregon
Cowboy halls of fame
Halls of fame in Oregon
Sports halls of fame
Sports hall of fame inductees
Awards established in 1998
Museums established in 1998
Lists of sports awards
Békéscsaba 1912 Előre is a professional association football club based in Békéscsaba, Hungary.
Key
Nemzeti Bajnokság I
Pld = Matches played
W = Matches won
D = Matches drawn
L = Matches lost
GF = Goals for
GA = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
Hungarian football league system
NBI = Nemzeti Bajnokság I
NBII = Nemzeti Bajnokság II
NBIII = Nemzeti Bajnokság III
MBI = Megyei Bajnokság I
Magyar Kupa
F = Final
SF = Semi-finals
QF = Quarter-finals
R16 = Round of 16
R32 = Round of 32
R64 = Round of 64
R128 = Round of 128
UEFA
F = Final
SF = Semi-finals
QF = Quarter-finals
Group = Group stage
PO = Play-offs
QR3 = Third qualifying round
QR2 = Second qualifying round
QR1 = First qualifying round
PR = Preliminary round
Seasons
Notes
Note 1: The 2019-20 Nemzeti Bajnokság II was interrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
Békéscsaba 1912 Előre
Xiangyan Zhixian (; Japanese: Kyōgen Chikan; c. 820–898) was a Tang dynasty Chan master of the Guiyang school. A Dharma heir of Guishan Lingyou, the story of Xiangyan's enlightenment is rather famous in the Chan and Zen traditions. According to this story, they had been an accomplished scholar of Buddhist sūtras, but for many years had made very little headway in their meditation practice. One day, their master asked them what their original face was before birth, to which they could not respond—this question became their kōan, and they subsequently burned their sūtras and left the monastery because they could not figure it out. One day, while working, they heard the sound of a tile striking the ground and attained enlightenment.
Additionally, there is a kōan attributed to Xiangyan in The Gateless Gate: the story is that of a man hanging in a tree by their teeth being asked why Bodhidharma came west; how the man is to react became this famous kōan.
References
898 deaths
Chan Buddhist monks
Chinese Zen Buddhists
Tang dynasty Buddhist monks
Year of birth uncertain
Johannes Hubertus Petrus Josephus (Jean) den Rooijen (2 January 1866 – 12 February 1939) was a Dutch glazier.
Life and work
Den Rooijen and their younger brother Piet (1867–1913) learned the trade as glass painters at the Roermond atelier . In 1895 Den Rooijen, assisted by their brother, started their own studio. It was known as gebrs. Den Rooijen. Piet had to stop working in 1908 due to illness and died a few years later. Jean continued the business alone. Work was done in a traditional, mostly neo-Gothic style. In addition to own designs, work was carried out for , and Huib Luns, among others.
Jean den Rooijen died in 1939, at the age of 73. The studio was continued by their widow, until they sold it to JHM Wielders in 1951.
Works
Stained glass windows (1902-1924) for the Sint-Martinuskerk in Weert
Stained glass windows (1905-1928) for the Sint-Nicolaaskerk in Edam
Stained glass (1911-1912) for the Sint Gerlachuskerk in Banholt
Stained glass windows (1913) in the choir of the Sint-Servatiuskerk in Westerhoven
Stained glass windows (1927-1928) for the Sint-Lambertuskerk in Helmond
Stained glass windows (1930) for the chapel of Klooster Opveld in Maastricht
Gallery
References
1866 births
1939 deaths
Dutch male painters
People from Roermond
Glaziers
Thumb Promontory () is a prominent rock spur on the north side of Lackey Ridge, Ohio Range. Thumb Promontory was unofficially named by a New Zealand Antarctic Research Program (NZARP) field party to the Ohio Range, 1979–80. The name was formally proposed by geologist Margaret Bradshaw, member of a second NZARP field party, 1983–84. So named because of the similarity of the upper part of this feature to an upturned thumb from certain angles.
Ridges of Marie Byrd Land
Richard Gray Kronick is an American health policy researcher and professor of family and preventive medicine at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD), where they are also an adjunct professor of political science.
Biography
Kronick received their Ph.D. from the University of Rochester in political science in 1990. They first joined the UCSD faculty in 1991, and worked as a policy advisor to the Clinton administration in the early 1990s. They joined the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) in 2010 as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation. They were the director of the HHS's Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality from August 2013 until March 2016, when they stepped down to return to their position at UCSD. When their resignation was first announced, Sylvia Burwell, the then-United States Secretary of Health and Human Services, said that "The value of AHRQ's work, and their leadership in developing that work, was never more important than it was in the past year when AHRQ's funding was at risk."
Honors and awards
Kronick was named one of Modern Healthcares 100 Most Influential People in 2014; that same year, they were elected to the National Academy of Medicine.
Personal life
Kronick married Amy Beth Bridges in 1981, while they were studying for their Ph.D. at the University of Rochester.
References
External links
Faculty page
University of California, San Diego faculty
American medical researchers
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
University of Rochester alumni
United States Department of Health and Human Services officials
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jennifer Elyse Glick is an American sociologist and social demographer.  They are the Arnold S. and Bette G. Hoffman Professor in Sociology at Pennsylvania State University. Them research focus is on immigrant adaptation and family survival strategies, leading them to co-publish a book in 2009 titled Achieving Anew: How New Immigrants Do in American Schools, Jobs and Neighborhoods.
Early life and education
Glick earned their Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology from Pennsylvania State University before enrolling at the University of Texas at Austin for their master's degree and PhD. They then became a postdoctoral research associate and assistant research professor of sociology at Brown University.
Career
Glick accepted an assistant professor of sociology position at Arizona State University (ASU) in 1999. They studied immigrant adaptation and family survival strategies. As a result, they were appointed ASU's Center for Population Dynamics's associate director and led a research team funded by the National Science Foundation to evaluate how social networks are affected by adverse policies and attitudes. In 2009, Glick received a $221,575 National Institutes of Health grant to study child development and immigrant adaptation. In the same year, they co-published their first book with Michael J. White titled Achieving Anew: How New Immigrants Do in American Schools, Jobs and Neighborhoods which won the American Sociological Association's Otis Dudley Duncan Book Award.
In 2016, Glick left ASU to become the Arnold S. and Bette G. Hoffman Professor in Sociology at Pennsylvania State University. The following year, they accepted a directorship position at Pennsylvania State University's Population Research Institute, taking over for interim director Michelle Frisco.
Selected publications
Achieving Anew: How New Immigrants Do in American Schools, Jobs and Neighborhoods (2009)
References
External links
Living people
Pennsylvania State University alumni
Pennsylvania State University faculty
University of Texas at Austin alumni
American sociologists
American women sociologists
Arizona State University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Ghassan Raouf Heamed (born 18 December 1971) is an Iraqi football manager and former player who manages Assyriska.
Career
Playing career
Heamed started their career with Romanian side Sportul Studențesc. In 1995, they signed for Assyriska in the Swedish second tier, helping them earn promotion to the Swedish top flight. In 2005, Heamed signed for Tunisian club Club Africain.
Managerial career
In 2021, they were appointed manager of Assyriska in Sweden.
References
External links
1971 births
Allsvenskan players
Association football defenders
Assyriska FF players
Club Africain players
Ettan Fotboll players
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Tunisia
FC Sportul Studențesc București players
Iraq international footballers
Iraqi football managers
Iraqi expatriate footballers
Iraqi expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Iraqi expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Iraqi footballers
Living people
Superettan players
Novoye Azmeyevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Diyashevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 77 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Novoye Azmeyevo is located 24 km west of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Staroye Azmeyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Eilema amaurus is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found on the Admiralty Islands.
References
amaurus
Homosteus is a genus of flattened arthrodire placoderm from the Middle Devonian. Fossils are found primarily in Eifelian-epoch aged strata of Europe, Canada, Greenland, and Estonia.<ref name=Denison>{{cite book|last=Denison|first=Robert|title=Placodermi Volume 2 of Handbook of Paleoichthyology'''|year=1978|publisher=Gustav Fischer Verlag|location=Stuttgart New York|isbn=978-0-89574-027-4|pages=71}}</ref> All of the species had comparatively large, flattened heads with, as suggested by the upward opening orbits, upward-pointing eyes. These adaptations suggest that the various species were benthic predators. A study on Titanichthys, in contrast, suggests that species of Homosteus may have been filter-feeders instead.
Species
H. formosissimus
The type species of the genus. It is a thin-plated species from the Eifelian-aged Aruküla beds of Estonia. Although H. sulcatus was described earlier in 1837, H. formosissimus is the official type species as it was the first to be described as a placoderm (H. sulcatus was originally described as a soft-shelled turtle). H. formosissimus had a small, thin keel down the dorsal-center of its median dorsal plate.
H. arcticus
This species is based on a 15 centimeter-long preorbital plate from the early Eifelian of the Wood Bay formations of Spitzbergen, Norway. Compared to other species, the anatomy of the plate suggests the species is very primitive for the genus. Denison, 1978, suggests that the species may be different enough to merit its own distinct genus.
H. cf. arcticus
Based on a specimen found in the Emsian epoch-aged layers of the Wood Bay formations of Spitzbergen. May or may not be of this genus.
H. kochi
This species is from the Givetian of Middle Devonian Greenland, of Canning Land, to be precise. H. kochi has a comparatively very narrow nuchal plate.
H. latus
A giant species from the Eifelian-aged Aruküla beds of Estonia, and may have existed sympatrically with H. formosissimus. H. latus differed from H. formosissimus in having comparatively thick plates, a large, massive crest-like keel along the dorsal-center of its medial dorsal plate, and head-plates over a meter in length. Originally described as "Trionyx latus Kutorga 1837"
H. manitobensis
This species is found in the Eifelian-aged Elm Point Limestone of Manitoba. Based on a pair of paranuchal and marginal plates originally referred to the genus Dinichthys. H. manitobensis is the only member of the genus found in North America proper.
H. milleriH. milleri is from the Givetian of what is now the Orkney and Shetland Islands. It is a medium-sized species with a comparatively very rectangular-shaped median dorsal plate.
H. sulcatus
Another species from the Eifelian-aged Aruküla beds of Estonia. Although H. sulcatus was described before H. formosissimus, H. sulcatus was originally described as a soft-shelled turtle, ne "Trionyx sulcatus Kutorga 1837". H. sulcatus had thick plates, and a well-developed keel on the dorsal-center of its median dorsal plate. It was larger than H. formosissimus, but still much smaller than H. latus''.
References
Homostiidae
Eifelian life
Placoderms of Europe
Fossils of Estonia
Fossils of Norway
Fossils of Great Britain
Placoderms of North America
Fossils of Canada
Fossils of Greenland
Fossil taxa described in 1856
Stephen Sanchez is an American singer-songwriter. Sanchez released their debut extended play, What Was, Not Now in October 2021. Their most well known song is "Until I Found You", which has charted internationally.
Career
In June 2020, Sanchez posted a cover of Cage the Elephant's "Cigarette Daydreams" on TikTok and they built an audience through a steady stream of content, attracting over 122.1K followers on TikTok.
After sharing a snippet of "Lady by the Sea", singer-songwriter Jeremy Zucker reached out and offered to produce the official version, which was released in July 2020 and resulted in Sanchez signing a deal with Republic Records. Sanchez worked with producer Ian Fitchuk on their debut EP What Was, Not Now which was released in October 2021.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Republic Records artists
American TikTokers
(February 26, 1928 – December 1, 1998) was a Japanese film actor.
Selected filmography
Kenpei (1953)
Senkan Yamato (1953)
Anatahan (1953) - Nishio
Yasen Kangofu (1953) - Nemoto
Waga koi no lila no kokage ni (1953)
Nezumi-kozo iro zange tsuki yozakura (1954)
Jihi shinchô (1954)
Sensuikan Rogô imada fujôsezu (1954)
Kimi yue ni (1954)
Jazz on Parade: Jazz musume kampai! (1955) - Shô-chan
Akuma no sasayaki (1955) - Tetsuo Hirata
Osho ichidai (1955) - Matsushima
Jirô monogatari (1955)
Aogashima no kodomotachi - Onna kyôshi no kiroku (1955) - Mr. Mori
Tekketsu no tamashii (1956)
Onryo sakura dai-sodo (1956) - Hotta Kôzukenosuke Masanobu
Shin ono ga tsumi (1956)
Hatoba no Ôja (1956) - Shunsuke Kitamura - Saburô's Friend
Yôun Satomi kaikyoden (1956) - Inuyama Dôsetsu
Bôryoku no ôja (1956)
Bôryokû no geisha (1956)
Ringu no ôja: Eikô no sekai (1957)
Dotô no Kyôdai (1957) - Takashi Satomi
Super Giant (1957) - Okamoto / Detective
Kenpei to Barabara Shibijin (1957) - Tokusuke Kosaka
Zoku sûpâ jaiantsu (1957) - Okamoto / Detective
Sen'un Ajia no Joō (1957)
Dōtei shain to yoromeki fujin (1958) - Daisaku Todoroki
Joôbachi (1958) - Syunsuke Yuri
Taiyô musume to shachô-zoku (1958) - Hiroshi Taguchi
Zekkai no rajo (1958)
Kenpei to Yurei (1958)
Nude model satsujin jiken (1958)
Ningyô Sashichi torimonochô: Koshimoto Irezumi Shibijin (1958) - Sanjûrô Miyabe
Joôbachi no ikari (1958) - Hiroshi
Star Dokusatsu Jiken (1958) - Himself (uncredited)
Satsujinhan Nanatsu no Kao (1959) - Yûji Maki
Zoku Satsujinhan Nanatsu no Kao: Kaiketsuhen (1959) - Yûji Maki
Nitôhei monogatari: Banji yôryô no maki (1959)
Moro no Ichimatsu yûrei dochu (1959)
Nanatsu no kao no otoko daze (1960)
Arashi no naka no wakamono tachi (1960)
Arega minato no hi da (1961)
Kawa jean blues (1961)
Furusato wa midori nariki (1961) - Haruo
Keishichô monogatari: jûni-nin no keiji (1961) - Detective Takayama
Morgan keibu to nazô no otoko (1961)
Ni-nirokushiken Daisshutsu (1962)
Ano sura no hate ni hoshi hama tataku (1962)
Hachi gatsu jûgo-nichi no dôran (1962)
Rikugun zangyaku monogatari (1963)
Waga kyôkatsu no jinsei (1963)
Meiji taitei goichidaiki (1964)
Ressha dai shugêki (1964)
Doro inu (1964)
Ankokugai gekitotsu sakusen (1965) - Matsuzaki
Mushuku mono jingi (1965)
Shôwa zankyô-den (1965)
Ultraman (1967, TV Series) - Dr. Ninomiya
Ultra Seven (1967-1968, TV Series) - Captain Kiriyama
Otoko no shôbu: Niô no irezumi (1967) - Unryû Azumaya
Hibotan bakuto: Nidaime shûmei (1969)
Yoru no suke gari (1972)
Zone Fighter (1973, TV Series) - Yôichirô Sakimori
The War in Space (1977)
Ashita no Jô (1980) - Wakayama
Rengo kantai (1981)
Zerosen moyu (1984)
Hua zai duo qing (1985)
Sanada Taiheiki (1985, TV Series) - Mōri Terumoto
Youkai tengoku: Ghost Hero (1990) - (final film role)
References
External links
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0620433/
http://www14.big.or.jp/~hosoya/who/na/nakayama-shoji.htm
http://www.jmdb.ne.jp/person/p0271360.htm
Japanese male film actors
1928 births
1998 deaths
20th-century Japanese male actors
Nils Norman (born 1966) is an artist living in London. They work across the disciplines of public art, architecture and urban planning. Their projects challenge notions of the function of public art and the efficacy of mainstream urban planning and large-scale regeneration. Informed by local politics and ideas on alternative economic, ecological systems and play, Norman's work merges utopian alternatives with current urban design to create a humorous critique of the discrete histories and functions of public art and urban planning. Norman was a professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, Copenhagen, Denmark, at the School of Walls and Space from 2009 until 2017.
Life and career
Early life
Norman was born in Sevenoaks, Kent, England in 1966 and lived there until 1979. In 1979 their parents moved to Bexhill, East Sussex. They attended Bexhill High School, Bexhill Sixth Form College and they did their Art Foundation at Hastings College of Arts and Technology. They studied fine Art Painting BA Hons at St. Martins School of Art in London. After graduating in 1989 they moved to Cologne, Germany. There they lived for three years and collaborated with the artists Stephan Dillemuth and Josef Strau at the experimental storefront project Friesenwall 120, during this time Norman also set up a small gallery space in London, which later became Milch. In Cologne Norman worked for one year assisting the German painter Gerhard Richter in theirs atelier.
Norman founded an experimental space called Poster Studio on Charing Cross Road, London. This space was a collaborative effort with Merlin Carpenter and Dan Mitchell. In 1998 in New York they set up Parasite, together with the artist Andrea Fraser, a collaborative artist led initiative that developed an archive for site-specific projects.
Norman's first US exhibition was at the Pat Hearn Gallery in Chelsea (with Denis Balk and Simon Leung), after which they began to be represented by the late Colin Deland at American Fine Arts.
Public works
Norman exhibits and generates projects and collaborations in museums and galleries internationally.
Norman has completed major public art projects, including a pedestrian bridge, small playgrounds and a landscaping project for the City of Roskilde, Denmark http://urban-matters.org/projectsbyindividuals/the-trekkroner-art-plan-project. They have participated in various biennials worldwide and has developed commissions for SculptureCenter, Long Island City, (http://www.sculpture-center.org/exhibitionsExhibition.htm?id=11909) NY; London Underground, UK (http://art.tfl.gov.uk/project/2439/); Tate Modern, UK ; Loughborough University, UK; Creative Time http://www.dismalgarden.com/sites/default/files/eva_diaz_grey_room_0.pdf, NYC and the Centre d' Art Contemporain, Geneva, Switzerland.
In 2007, their work was on show at Tate Modern in the Global Cities exhibition, their presentation featured a series of posters displaying ecological and environmental information. In their 2006 survey Beyond Green, Stephanie Smith highlighted Norman's interest in the apparent homogenization of urban spaces resultant from regeneration projects. It has been claimed that "Norman's work has been compared to the urban projects of artists such as Claes Oldenburg, Robert Smithson, Gordon Matta-Clark, and Krzysztof Wodiczko.". They have been a regular contributor to Mute magazine.
Nils Norman takes inspiration from the work of anarchist theorist Colin Ward, going as far as experimenting with Ward's 1973 book "Streetwork". Norman has also referenced the efforts of Cedric Price, especially those set forth in Price's "Non-Plan".
In 2010 Norman developed two small-scale urban farming parks in the Hague, the Netherlands, that test and question the limitations and potentialities of permaculture as a possible citywide alternative design strategy for urban centres They are an ongoing project and can be visited by the public.  They are also the lead artist for the city of Cambridge's project to redevelop part of Trumpington, an area on the city's southern fringe – developing play elements, four pedestrian bridges, bird screens and street furniture. In 2016 Norman was invited as an artist and consultant to develop a play strategy and designs for Mereside in Blackpool this is an ongoing project and they have worked closely with the local community of Mereside to develop ideas for two new play areas. In 2015 they St Fagans National History Museum, Cardiff, Wales commissioned Norman to develop a new playground for the museum that reflects its collection of Welsh historical artefacts, the playground will be completed in Spring 2017.
In collaboration with the artist Gareth Jones Norman has been researching and designing a new public art strategy called City Club for the area around the Milton Keynes Gallery in Milton Keynes. Norman has also been collaborating with the Welsh artist Owen Griffiths on a public realm project in Trebanog, Wales. Working closely with children and parents locally to develop designs for their public spaces, commissioned by Artis Mundi. In 2017 they will complete a new library design for the Rietveld Art Academy Amsterdam. They were a Professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Art and Design, Copenhagen, Denmark, where they led the School of Walls and Space until June 2017.
References
English artists
Living people
1966 births
People from Sevenoaks
Quatre? is a French comic book by Enki Bilal, and the fourth album of the tetralogy featuring Nike Hatzfeld.
External links
Bilal publications in English on Humanoids Publishing
French comics
Comics by Enki Bilal
Helluodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Helluodes devagiriensis Sabu, Abhita & Zhao, 2008
Helluodes taprobanae Westwood, 1847
Helluodes westwoodii Chaudoir, 1869
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
On the Television is the cable network Nick at Nite's first attempt at original late-night programming. The sketch comedy show, can be described as a satirical television critic show in the style of Siskel and Ebert. The one line pitch was "a fake Siskel and Ebert reviewing fake TV shows." It starred Tim Conway Jr. and George McGrath as Dan Clark and Kevin Rush respectively. The show began as an April Fool's Day Special for Nick-at-Nite with Taylor Negron co-hosting with McGrath.
Overview
The shows were typically broad satires on people and other television shows as well as just being humorous and odd. Some of the shows that were reviewed were:
“The Richard Cabinetmaker Story” - Satire of the Karen Carpenter TV Movie.
“The Valerie Harper Only Show,” - A sitcom starring Harper in a lighthouse refusing visits from guest stars.
“A Recent Occurrence,” - satire of A Current Affair.
“Carmela!” - an Italian variety show, which featured the original song “My Belly Button."
The special received a “Cheers” in the TV Guide “Cheers and Jeers” column, and 13 episodes were ordered. The host characters were changed to those played by Tim Conway Jr. and McGrath. The character McGrath played in the special (Nat Caulfield) became a regular talking to tourists outside Universal Studios about a variety of TV related topics. Each episode contained a variety of TV targets. Most included original music as well as sketch comedy.
The series began airing in the fall of 1990, and ran twice a week, Fridays and Saturdays at 11PM ET. Forty episodes were produced through 1991. Both McGrath and Conway appeared in sketches as well as being the hosts. The rotating supporting cast was called “The Otherwise Unemployed Actors.” A number of actors and actores made their television debuts on the series including Lisa Kudrow, Kathy Griffin, Kay Heberle, Chip Esten, Mindy Sterling and Julia Sweeney. Some well known actors appeared regularly as guest stars like Rose Marie, Glenn Shadix, Avery Schreiber, Elvira, Phil Hartman, Brian Bonsall, Eve Plumb, and Christopher Knight.
When the series ended, the production company declared bankruptcy after having spent the residuals developing pilots that didn't fly. Nick-At-Nite's parent company, Viacom, became owner of the show, but had to pay those back residuals before it could air the series again. Supposedly this is why the series has never gone into syndication. Apparently the cost of paying the writers, actors, and others the residuals involved makes re-airing the series cost-prohibitive.
External links
1990s American satirical television series
1990s American sketch comedy television series
1990 American television series debuts
1991 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Nick at Nite original programming
Television series about television
Alesh Jermar (1929–2004) was a Czech post-modernist composer, film music composer, organist, pianist, and synthesizer player. While working in the Czechoslovak film and television industry, they composed music for over 200 short films, some of which received awards in international film festivals. They were also a dazzling performer praised for their interpretative brilliance, instrumental virtuosity, and exceptional improvisational skills.
Biography
Alesh Jermar was the only child of the distinguished family of Vítĕzslav Viktor Jermář, a musician, chemist, and pharmaceutical manufacturer and Berta Jermářová, a pharmacist. Their father's pharmaceutical factory was nationalized and incorporated into the state owned firm Spofa after February 1948.
During WWII, as a young teen, Alesh joined the "Marauding & Guerrilla Organization VELA," a Belgian resistance group fighting Nazi occupation. They served as a courier and delivered messages of the most serious military nature on skis or by bicycle. At times, they also skied in the mountains with dynamite on their back and learned how to use it to disrupt Nazi supply lines. At the end of the war, they were awarded a rank in the Czech army and a medal of honor (Czechoslovak War Cross) for their bravery.
Studies and Career
As a young boy, before they knew anything about improvisation, Alesh enjoyed "dreaming" at the piano; they already felt then that they wanted to become a performing artist and composer. They gave their first concert at the age of sixteen in Prague and received a sparkling review (and even a caricature) in the Prague nightly Večerní Praha. While still a student, they often concertized professionally on organ, piano, and harpsichord.
From 1947 to 1955, Alesh attended the State Conservatory and Academy of Musical Arts (AMU) in Prague. They concluded their advanced studies in music and film arts with a dissertation entitled Aesthetics of Stage and Film Music and a performance in the Rudolfinum (House of Artists), where he, accompanied by the Prague Symphony, performed their composition for organ and orchestra.
After their graduation, Alesh created and taught a course in the Aesthetics of Film Music at FAMU (The Film Faculty of the Academy for Performing Arts) in Prague but, being the son of a pharmaceutical factory owner in a country under communist rule, they were eventually asked to leave this position. After that, they accompanied live broadcasts of a popular television program Zvĕdavá kamera (Curious camera) with their improvisations and began to be noticed by young movie directors, who offered them work in the production of short films. From 1955 to 1964, they held the position of Staff Composer and Music Director in Czechoslovak State Film (ČSF) and Television (ČST). In addition, they often improvised live for children's marionette programs in Czechoslovak State Television (ČST). Fascinated with marionettes, they obtained a degree in puppetry and began collecting them.
United States
Alesh Jermar had a life-long aversion to totalitarian control. Their outspokenness, combined with growing international recognition of their musicianship, made them unpopular with the Communist regime that dominated every facet of life in the country. As a result, they experienced incarceration, beating, and betrayal. In 1964, they fled Czechoslovakia via Yugoslavia and Austria and emigrated to the USA, arriving in New York City. In 1971, the American Guild of Organists in New York City noted: "In a short time in the United States, Mr. Jermar has established themselves as a musician, composer, and improviser of the highest caliber."
In 1975, Alesh settled in New London, Connecticut. They continued to compose music, teach piano to a few selected students, and concertize extensively in prestigious venues in the US and abroad.
Their Music
As a composer, Alesh Jermar favored a strong melody line and stressed melodiousness and creativity. Most of their compositions were spontaneously improvised and once finalized, they were able to keep them in memory and play them during their performances. They would notate their music only when they intended it to be performed by other musicians. Their music complements visual imagery and often tells a story; its dramatic quality evokes a wide range of emotions that can easily translate into stage and film productions. As an organist, Alesh had an immense repertoire and, in addition, they could improvise in any style from any period. During their performances they often improvised on four or more random notes taken from the audience. One of their most notable works Fantasie pro lovou ruku a lidské svědomí (Fantasy for left hand and human conscience) was recorded in 1960. This composition inspired film director Pavel Hobl to make a short documentary film in which Otakar Hollmann, a Czech left-handed piano virtuoso, accompanied by the Czechoslovak Film Symphonic orchestra, FISYO, (directed by František Belfín), performed it against the backdrop of falling bombs and scenes of wartime suffering. This film, which carries a potent anti-war message, received prestigious prizes in the international film festivals in Cannes (1960), Leipzig (1961), Munich (1961) and Mexico City (1961). Subsequently, it was played at the film festivals and movie theatres throughout Czechoslovakia. A French recording company Barclay produced a single that was presented as a gift to every attendee of the film's screening in Cannes Film Festival that year.
Music for Synthesizers
When one of their students introduced Alesh to synthesizers in the early 1980s, they were inspired to expand their musical focus. Synthesizers offered them a wide spectrum of sounds to be created, such as instruments of a symphony orchestra together with sounds of organ, harp, harpsichord, pealing bells, Spanish guitars, and human voices, They also enabled them to incorporate the sounds of nature, including authentic voices of whales, wolves, and loons. They combined their knowledge of Gregorian Chant and twentieth century classical music with their keen interest in new sounds and contemporary musical styles in order to create their new signature sound. The first piece recorded on synthesizers followed their visit to Norwegian fiords, capturing their peace and tranquility. This was followed by the CD entitled Crossway of Dreams, their first commercial recording since their award-winning Fantasy for the Left Hand and Human Conscience. Crossway of Dreams was inspired by nature, visual images, poems, fairy tales, and paintings of their friend Ivan Dobroruka, who designed the CD's cover. It could often be heard on the Hearts of Space radio station in the early nineties. Next came the recording entitled the Children of Atlantis, dedicated to children of the past, present and future. Concerned that too much dependence on media can sap children's ability to think and create, they intended to encourage them to dream, build fantasies, and inspire creativity. Alesh was also fascinated with nature and worried about the environment being polluted and destroyed. Their music stands as a testament to their love of nature and concern for all humanity.
Notable Works
Fantasie pro levou ruku a lidské svĕdomí (Fantasy for left hand and human conscience), written for Otakar Hollmann, an internationally renowned left-handed Czech piano virtuoso
Children of Atlantis (A Legend for Synthesizers)
Stella Maris, for organ and whales; often performed by the Czech organ virtuoso Karel Paukert
Helmet Full of Clay, originally for organ; also performed and recorded by author on synthesizers
Suite from the Diary of a Molecule: 1. Clad In Light 2. Sea's Requiem For a Fisherman 3. Helmet Full Of Clay 4. Written With Raven's Wing
Azrael - the Angel Of Death
Toccata and Chorale in d minor (for organ)
Sculptures on the Seashore (for piano)
Praeludiums (for piano)
Nocturnos (for piano)
Awards
Alesh Jermar's film music received prizes at international film festivals in Cannes, Venice, Mexico City and Oberhausen.
Discography
Crossway of Dreams; a collection of musical visions inspired by paintings of Ivan Dobroruka, who also designed the cover; composed and performed by Alesh Jermar, produced by Houdaphone Productions (CD)
Eternal Return; real time recordings of compositions for piano and synthesizers (CD)
William Shakespeare's Sonnets No. 24, 35, 55 & 87; a boxed set includes a cassette tape and four etchings handprinted and colored by Ivan Dobroruka, music composed and performed on piano by Alesh Jermar, poetry read by Stephen Silver (also exists in digitized format)
Fantasie pro levou ruku a lidské svědomí (Fantasy for left hand and human conscience); performed by Otakar Hollmann, accompanied by the Czech Film Symphonic Orchestra (FISYO) conducted by František Belfín; the recording produced by a French recording company Barclay, (also exists in digitized format)
Filmography
Fantasie pro levou ruku a lidské svědomí (Fantasy for left hand and human conscience); a documentary film directed by Pavel Hobl in 1960. A left-handed Czech virtuoso Otakar Hollmann, accompanied by the Czech Film Symphonic Orchestra, FISYO, conducted by František Belfín, performs this composition against the backdrop of falling bombs and scenes of wartime suffering (originally on beta-videotape, also exists as DVD & digitized format)
Život Bohdana Kopeckého (Life of Bohdan Kopecký); director Jaroslav Šikl
Dům času a slov (The house of time and words) & Vzdálenost od středu (Distance from the center); director Bohumil Sobotka
Vajíčko (A little egg) & Objevy na hradě (Discoveries in the castle); director Zdeněk Kopáč
Slnovrat (The solstice); director Evžen Šimko
Koňský balet (Ballet of horses); awarded in a Film Festival in Oberhausen in 1960
Kolik synů máme (How many sons we have); awarded in a Film Festival in Venice in 1963
References
Sources
A letter from Ústřední výbor partyzánské organisace VELA (Central Committee of the Guerrilla Organization VELA), div. generála JUDr. Josefa Koutňáka, Praha, 1. X. 1948. Print.
Marie H Kurfirtova. A Portrait of a Czech Artist in Exile; Britské listy, 1. 6. 2021 https://blisty.cz/art/103975-a-portrait-of-a-czech-artist-in-exile.html Web.
Film a doba: mĕsíčník pro otázky filmového umění, číslo 4/1961. Print.
Filmový přehled: týdeník pro kulturní využití filmů, číslo 8/6.III. 1961. Print.
Filmový přehled: týdeník pro kulturní využití filmů, číslo 20/29.V.1961. Print.
Memento s klíčkem naděje. Rozhovor Jaroslavy Šteflové s Alešem Jermářem. Učitelské noviny, číslo 12, ročník 1992. Prague. Print.
Bulletin. Museum of Cleveland, 1991, Print.
New Czech Music to Be Heard. The Hartford Courant, March 23, 1969. Print.
Jermar Weaves Magic & Music into Tapestry. Niantic News, July 19, 1989. Print.
Music With the Potential to Heal, Norwich Bulletin, Section C; October 16, 1989. Print.
Na besedě s Alešem Jermářem. Zpravodajství XV. Filmového festivalu pracujících, číslo 13, ročník 1964. Print.
Program notes for the Organ Recital by Karel Paukert in Memory of Aleš Jermář on June 14, 2004 at the St. James Episcopal Church in New London, CT, written by Tom Castle. Print.
Utah State University and Cache Civic Concerts program, 1976. Print.
Further reading
Marie H Kurfirtova. A Portrait of a Czech Artist in Exile; Britské listy, 1. 6. 2021 https://blisty.cz/art/103975-a-portrait-of-a-czech-artist-in-exile.html Web.
1929 births
2004 deaths
Czech male classical composers
I Remember Thelonious is a live album by soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy and pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Italy in 1992 and released on the Nel Jazz label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 3 stars, stating: "Waldron makes the best of the situation and provides superb accompaniment for Lacy's adventurous flights as well as offering their trademarked dark but fascinating solos... This is a fascinating if not quite essential CD by Steve Lacy and Mal Waldron."
Track listing
All compositions by Thelonious Monk except as indicated
"Monk's Dream" – 6:23
"Reflections" – 7:13
"Epistrophy" – 6:15
"Mysterioso" – 7:08
"Let's Call This" – 6:35
"'Round Midnight" – 9:19
"Evidence" – 4:50
"Well You Needn't" – 3:09
"I'll Keep Loving You" (Bud Powell) – 9:10
Recorded at the Jazz in' It Festival in Vignola, Italy on June 28, 1992
Personnel
Steve Lacy – soprano saxophone
Mal Waldron – piano
References
1996 live albums
Mal Waldron live albums
Steve Lacy (saxophonist) live albums
Ruth Osborne (also Benson) is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Terri Dwyer. They first appeared in January 1996 as the cousin of Natasha Andersen (Shenah Ronay), and departed in 2001. They made guest appearances between 2003 and 2004, and another in 2008. Dwyer expressed interest in returning full-time in 2009.
Them notable storylines included a "controversial lesbian affair" with Jasmine Bates (Elly Fairman), and relationships with Kurt Benson (Jeremy Edwards), and Tony Hutchinson (Nick Pickard). Another storyline saw them form a relationship with Lewis Richardson (Ben Hull) which ended when they physically assaulted her, and due to feeling guilty committed suicide.
Character creation and casting
Ruth was introduced by producer Phil Redmond in January 1996 as the cousin of established character Natasha Andersen (Shebah Ronay). Them family were introduced ten months later and are still part of the serial today. Dwyer was cast as Ruth after auditioning for the part. On getting the role Dwyer said "they took a big risk on me. I had done nothing in terms of acting, and for two years I never understood why I wasn't sacked. I thought I was appalling." On their audition Dwyer said "here were all these girls from stage school, and I came away thinking I didn't stand a chance. Three auditions later, I got the job." Dwyer first auditioned for the role after driving a friend to an audition for a role at Hollyoaks which they entered themselves for fun and later got the job. On their initial time on the show Dwyer has since said "'Looking back at my first scenes, I think 'Oh no, how could they possibly televise this?'. For the first two years I kept expecting to be sacked".
Dwyer quit Hollyoaks in 2001. They said "I played Ruth for six years and I think the audience was bored of them and I was bored of playing her." Ruth returned again in 2008 for their father's funeral. Of a potential return, Dwyer said in 2009 "if Hollyoaks came to me with a great script I would definitely go back".
Characterisation
Dwyer described the character saying "I like Ruth but they do my head in a bit. They whinge a bit much, is a bit miserable and gets on my nerves". On Ruth Dwyer also said "She engages their mouth before their brain!" The Daily Mirror described them as "chic but sensible Ruth" and "troubled". The Sunday Mail labelled them "sexy".
Storylines
Ruth arrives as a student and begins to date heartthrob Kurt Benson (Jeremy Edwards). Ruth's father Jack (James McKenna), mother Celia (Carol Noakes) and younger brother Darren (Adam Booth) moved into Hollyoaks village where they buy the local pub The Dog in the Pond. Ruth is shocked to discover their father and best friend Dawn Cunningham (Lisa Williamson) had slept together. Ruth's decided that they didn't want to see Dawn again, causing hating Dawn's family for the rest of their life, but, they forgive them when they discover that Dawn had leukemia, which leads them to death. Ruth began getting hassle from Spike who tried to entrap her, but Kurt intervened and accidentally pushed Spike off the scaffolding. Kurt is charged, causing more problems in their relationship. Kurt becomes paranoid that Ruth thinks they are guilty and they break up with them and leaves, going to Hull. Ruth follows them and they marry. Ruth's troubles with Spike continue when they discover that Spike, amongst other builders will be going to repair the college. Spike traps Ruth in a room and tries to force themselves on her, but Rob Hawthorne (Warren DeRosa) steps in to rescue them
Ruth's marriage with Kurt is on the rocks as they argue, especially about spending Christmas with Ruth's family. It goes from bad to worse when Rob organises a hill walk in Wales and after Ruth has another argument with Kurt, they end up going off with Lewis Richardson (Ben Hull). Ruth and Lewis take refuge in a cave where they kiss. Ruth then decides to go off to London for some work placement, leaving Kurt home alone. When Ruth returns, they are devastated to learn that Kurt is having an affair with Kate Patrick (Natasha Symms) and Ruth tells Kurt their marriage is over. Ruth gets into a fight with Kate that ends with Kate trying to drown them In a fit of rage, Kurt intervened, trying to teach Kate a lesson by drowning them In a wake of the fight, Ruth and Kurt do some soul searching and realised that they are not right for each other, prompting Kurt to leave Hollyoaks, and more bad news for Ruth, as they discover that Kurt had died from a ski accident. Ruth has a short relationship with flatmate Jasmine Bates, but they later throws them out of the flat.
Following their separation and death, Ruth begins to rekindle their affair with Lewis, but they both agree to keep their relationship secret. Ruth takes a break from their relationship with Lewis and meets Luke Morgan (Gary Lucy) who seduces them However, Ruth is embarrassed to discover they are only 16 and on top of that when they confess to Lewis what has happened they dump them Ruth decides that there was nothing left for them at Hollyoaks village and decides to move to the States, but Lewis makes a mad dash to the airport to stop her, prompting Ruth to stay. During the first late night special, Lucy Benson (Kerrie Taylor) is kidnapped by Rob Hawthorne and taken to a disused watertank, with Ruth, Lewis and Tony in pursuit. The gang survive and rescue Lucy.
Ruth finds out that they are pregnant and without Lewis knowing, has an abortion. Ruth then discovers that Lewis had lied about how big their debt to Lorraine Wilson is, prompting Ruth to hit Lewis before Lewis hits them back in retaliation. Lewis tells Ruth that they had slept with Lorraine to pay off their debt, which leaves Ruth heartbroken. Ruth and Lewis finally break up and Ruth than begins to date John Stuart, their colleague, but it soon ends. In a special 16-part late-night show Hollyoaks: Movin' On, Lewis beats Ruth up before trying to force themselves on her, leaving Ruth for dead. Ruth is badly hurt and in hospital is told Lewis has died after taking an overdose of painkillers. Ruth has a brief relationship with friend Tony but later leaves Hollyoaks to start a new life in London.
On 24 December 2003 Ruth returns to Hollyoaks village. They rekindle their relationship with Tony Hutchinson (Nick Pickard) despite their marriage to Mandy Richardson (Sarah Jayne Dunn) and later becomes pregnant. They return to London where they lose the baby. They later returns to the village and supports Tony when they are accused of beating Mandy. She's later discovered that Dawn's brother Max Cunningham (Matt Littler) was the one who held the key for their sister affair with their father, causing them to not forgive him. Ruth returns on 5 August 2008 for the 'funeral' of Jack, unaware that the whole thing is an insurance scam, they tell their stepmother Frankie (Helen Pearson) they are engaged.
Reception
The Liverpool Daily Post called their "one of the nation's best-loved soap babes". The Daily Record listed them among "The soap stars who boosted the ratings with their shocking clinches" for their part in a lesbian storyline. The Daily Record described them saying they "overacts their way through another scene" when they find vows Kurt is out of their life for good. The Daily Record also commented on Ruth's relationship with Lewis saying "He's just turned from one of the most easy-going blokes around into a woman-beater. Yep, when they find out Ruth has aborted the baby, they hit them Not a good move at all. It might be Ruth, but we can't condone this, can we? I'd smash both their heads together, the rotten pair." They described the storyline as a cracker and the attempted rape scenes as "some of the grittiest storylines ever seen in a soap". All About Soap magazine placed Kurt and Ruth's wedding at number nineteen on their twenty greatest soap weddings list.
The Daily Record'''s Merle Brown commented on Ruth saying "while they're at it, why not blow up Ruth, and put them out of their misery. Terri Dwyer, who plays them (after a fashion) is wooden as well, and seeing their painful attempts at emotional scenes is just too much to take." Brown also listed them amongst their least favourite soap characters saying "Lewis, my least favourite soap character of all time (although Ruth is right up there with him), is feeling guilty about their tryst with Lorraine and refuses to sleep with them again. Which opens the gates, methinks for Ruth to find out, and a big barney to ensue. Great. I can hardly wait to see Terri Dwyer overact their way through this one." Upon Dwyer receiving a nomination Brown later added "if Terri Dwyer wins Best Actress I shall really have to complain. How can they even be nominated?". The Sunday Mail commented on their time in the show saying they have had "controversial storylines" including "attempted rape, married young, kicked out by their husband over an affair, then widowed, a lesbian kiss with a 17-year-old, and now an unwanted pregnancy. No wonder the blonde babe gets most of the show's fan letters." The Daily Mirror commented that their Christmas return put the "cracker back into Christmas".
Ruth in Hollyoaks was also known as a rather loud mouthed character, evidence of this is seen in an episode where while they are talking Lucy Benson's hand covers their mouth in order to gag them but Ruth continues to try and talk but just makes muffled sounds under Lucy's hand.
The Daily Record commented negatively on Ruth's relationship with Kurt saying that the pair needed a "mallet on the head" after their marriage breakdown. They added that "Ruth is still doing the angst-ridden facial expression in Hollyoaks this week as they and hubby Kurt are nowhere nearer sorting out their relationship" and later said Kurt "is still pleading for a reconciliation with Ruth".
Ruth and flatmate Jasmine Bates sleep together after spending the night sharing a bottle of wine. The Daily Record described the storyline saying "Wait until the TV watchdog people see this week's Hollyoaks - lesbian kissing scenes at tea-time. Phil Redmond brought you your first lesbian kiss in Brookside a good few years ago now and there was uproar. Now he's at it again in their teen-soap as a good old heart-to-heart between Jas and Ruth over a bottle of wine leads to something more. The next morning, Ruth is not a happy girl at all, as they regret their night of passion with their flatmate. Oh dear. Sparks will fly." The Daily Record'' described the brief relationship saying "In Hollyoaks it's the end of the road as Jas moves out of Ruth's flat after their night of passion. Ruth, it seems, is not one for the ladies."
References
Hollyoaks characters
Television characters introduced in 1995
Fictional English people of Scottish descent
Osborne family (Hollyoaks)
Female characters in television
Degrassi (season 2) may refer to:
Degrassi Junior High (season 2) airing 1988
Degrassi High (season 2) airing 1990-1991
Degrassi: The Next Generation (season 2), airing 2002–2003, renamed Degrassi in 2010
Bryce Andrew Mitchell (born October 4, 1994) is an American professional mixed martial artist. They currently compete in the Featherweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). Mitchell appeared in the reality television series The Ultimate Fighter: Undefeated. As of March 7, 2022, they are #9 in the UFC featherweight rankings.
Background
Mitchell was born and raised in Cabot, Arkansas and attended Cabot High School. They played multiple sports, including basketball for the varsity team and wrestling, in which they placed second at the 7A state championships as a junior and fourth at the 6A state championships as a senior. After high school, Mitchell moved to Searcy, Arkansas to attend Harding University.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
After racking up an undefeated professional MMA record of 9–0, Mitchell was chosen to The Ultimate Fighter: Undefeated Featherweight tournament. They defeated Jay Cucciniello in the quarterfinals but ended up losing to the eventual season winner Brad Katona in the semi-finals. Despite the loss, Mitchell was signed to the UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Mitchell faced Tyler Diamond on July 6, 2018 at The Ultimate Fighter: Undefeated. They won the fight by majority decision.
Mitchell faced Bobby Moffett on March 23, 2019 at UFC Fight Night: Thompson vs. Pettis. They won the fight by unanimous decision. This fight earned both the Fight of the Night award.
Mitchell faced Matt Sayles on December 7, 2019 at UFC on ESPN: Overeem vs. Rozenstruik. They won the fight by submission from a twister in the first round; this was only the second twister submission victory in UFC history. This win earned them the Performance of the Night award and it was named the 2019 Submission of the Year by sites like Sherdog, MMAJunkie and MMA Fighting. Subsequently, Mitchell signed a new, four-fight contract with the UFC.
Mitchell was scheduled to face Charles Rosa on May 2, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Hermansson vs. Weidman. However, on April 9, Dana White, the president of UFC announced that this event was postponed and the bout took place on May 9, 2020 at UFC 249. Mitchell dominated the fight, almost submitting Rosa multiple times, winning the fight via unanimous decision with the three scorecards listing 30–25, 30–25, and 30–24 scores.
Mitchell faced Andre Fili on October 31, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Hall vs. Silva. This bout marked the first time a fighter has worn custom trunks since the Reebok deal with the promotion, as Mitchell used camo shorts during the contest. They won the fight by unanimous decision.
Mitchell faced Edson Barboza on March 5, 2022 at UFC 272. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Mitchell is scheduled to face Movsar Evloev as a main event on November 5, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 214.
Personal life
Mitchell has a degree in economics from Harding University. Outside of their mixed martial arts career, they are a cattle farmer.
Mitchell is politically outspoken, voicing their belief that SARS-CoV-2 was created in a lab by the U.S. government and deliberately released, and that the U.S. government stages mass shootings to advance a gun confiscation agenda. They have also criticized the Federal Reserve as a "corrupt institution" that is manipulating the value of the U.S. dollar.
In 2021, Mitchell released a seven-track country rap mixtape titled "Pasture Fire".
Championships and accomplishments
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time)
Fight of the Night (One Time)
UFC Honors 2019 Submission of the Year vs. Matt Sayles
CagesidePress.com
2019 Submission of the Year
CombatPress.com
2019 Submission of the Year
MMAJunkie.com
2019 December Submission of the Month
2019 Submission of the Year
MMA Fighting
2019 Submission of the Year
Sherdog.com
2019 Submission of the Year
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–0
|Edson Barboza
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 272
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–0
|Andre Fili
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Hall vs. Silva
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–0
|Charles Rosa
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 249
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Jacksonville, Florida, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–0
|Matt Sayles
|Submission (twister)
|UFC on ESPN: Overeem vs. Rozenstruik
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:20
|Washington, DC, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–0
|Bobby Moffett
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Thompson vs. Pettis
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Nashville, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–0
|Tyler Diamond
|Decision (majority)
|The Ultimate Fighter: Undefeated Finale
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–0
|Jose Mariscal
|Decision (unanimous)
|V3 Fights: Willis vs. Norwood
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Memphis, Tennessee, United States
||
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–0
|Isaac Ware
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|V3 Fights: Mitchell vs. Ware
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:30
|Memphis, Tennessee, United States
||
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–0
|Brandon Phillips
|Submission (triangle choke)
|WSOF 33
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:14
|Kansas City, Missouri, United States
||
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–0
|Bobby Taylor
|Submission (triangle choke)
|V3 Fights: Sanders vs. Anders
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:10
|Memphis, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0
|Jorge Medina
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|WSOF 27
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:02
|Memphis, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Chris Culley
|Submission (armbar)
|V3 Fights: Hall vs. Shelton
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:39
|Memphis, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Tony Williams
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|V3 Fights: Davis vs. Hall
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:31
|Memphis, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Jesse Sanderson
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|AXS TV Fights RFA vs. Legacy Superfight
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:09
|Robinsonville, Mississippi, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Sheldon Smith
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|V3 Fights: Johnson vs. Kennedy
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:01
|Memphis, Tennessee, United States
|
|}
Mixed martial arts exhibition record
|Loss
|align=center|1–1
|Brad Katona
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|rowspan=2|The Ultimate Fighter: Undefeated
| (airdate)
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:17
|rowspan=2|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
| Jay Cucciniello
| Decision (unanimous)
| (airdate)
|align=center|2
|align=center|5:00
|
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
List of undefeated mixed martial artists
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Sherwood, Arkansas
American male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists from Arkansas
Mixed martial artists utilizing wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Harding University alumni
American Christians
Antonio Baruffaldi (1793–1832) was an Italian artist. They were born in Ferrara, in (Emilia Romagna) in the north east of Italy, close to Bologna and Venice. They actually trained as a painter in the city of Venice. The gallery of their native city, Ferrara, possesses some of their work: Virgin reading and Tancred and Armida.
Sources
1793 births
1832 deaths
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
19th-century Italian painters
Painters from Ferrara
19th-century Italian male artists
Prospect Hill is a small town in the southern Adelaide Hills of South Australia, Its major industries are forestry in Kuitpo Forest and dairy farming. There are also mountain bike trails in the area.
Prospect Hill was severely impacted by the Ash Wednesday bushfires in 1983. The town lost 16 houses, the scout hall and CWA hall.
References
Towns in South Australia
Cradlepoint is a Boise, Idaho-based technology company that develops cloud-managed wireless edge networking equipment. The company was founded in 2006.
In September 2020, the company announced it was being acquired by Swedish telecommunications company Ericsson, and the purchase closed in November 2020.
History
Cradlepoint was founded in 2006 in Boise, Idaho, by Pat Sewall, who later brought on co-founders Ryan Adamson and Gary Oliviero. Its first products were 3G and 4G cellular routers that created Wi-Fi hotspots for mobile internet. One of its early customers was aerospace defense organization NORAD, which used a Cradlepoint cellular router to connect 1,500 volunteers with roughly 140,000 calls per year coming from children trying to speak with Santa Claus.
In December 2015, Cradlepoint acquired Los Gatos, CA-based networking company Pertino.
In August 2016, the company announced the Cradlepoint NetCloud platform, a software-defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) architecture for businesses to manage their wired and wireless networks.
In March 2017, the company received $89 million in funding from new investor Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV).
In January 2018, the company launched its NetCloud Solution subscription model, bundling its hardware and software into annual or multi-year subscriptions.
In January 2020, the company introduced additional analytics capabilities to its NetCloud management platform, to help businesses manage their wireless network charges. In May, the company introduced its E3000 5G compatible edge router. In September, the company announced it was being acquired by Swedish telecommunications company Ericsson, but would continue to operate as Cradlepoint. The purchase closed in November 2020, with the company continuing as a standalone subsidiary within Ericsson's Business Area Technologies and New Businesses segment.
Products
Cradlepoint develops routers, gateways and software for wireless WAN edge networking, using 4G and 5G wireless signals to connect businesses and other mobile users such as remote front-line emergency workers. The company uses a subscription model that combines its cloud-delivered software as SaaS, with hardware, support and training.
The company's E3000 5G-compatible edge router allows satellite offices or small businesses to use a gigabit LTE cellular signal to create a Wi-Fi network using the latest IEEE 802.11ax standard, commonly known as Wi-Fi 6. Modular 5G modems can be customized for compatibility with individual carriers' 5G networks.
The company's NetCloud platform manages the company's 4G LTE-enabled routers and M2M/IoT gateways. The platform also combines cloud, software-defined networking (SDN) and Network Function Virtualization (NFV) technologies, known as Network as a service.
As of November 2020, the company said it was certifying its equipment with carriers to ensure that its 5G equipment was compatible with the different versions of the technology.
Operations
The company is headquartered in Boise, Idaho, operates a research and development center in Silicon Valley, and has international offices in the UK and Australia. In September 2020, the company announced it had over 20,000 customers, 1,500 channel partners, and over 1 million SaaS subscriptions. The company has 700 employees as of November 2020.
References
External links
Official website
Networking companies of the United States
American companies established in 2006
Telecommunication companies established in 2006
2006 establishments in Idaho
Companies based in Boise, Idaho
Ericsson
2020 mergers and acquisitions
American subsidiaries of foreign companies
Networking hardware companies
The Duwamish River is the name of the lowest of Washington state's Green River. Its industrialized estuary is known as the Duwamish Waterway. In 2009, the Duwamish Longhouse and Cultural Center was opened on the west bank of the river as part of the tribe's reassertion of its historic rights in the area and its continuing struggle for federal recognition of tribal status.
Name
The native Lushootseed name of the Duwamish River (and of the Cedar River) was Dxwdəw. The Lushootseed name of the Duwamish tribe was Dxw'Dəw?Abš or Dkhw'Duw'Absh, meaning 'People of the Inside'. Both of these have been anglicized as Duwamish.
History
Until 1906, the White and Green Rivers combined at Auburn, and joined the Black River at Tukwila to form the Duwamish. In 1906, however, the White River changed course following a major flood and emptied into the Puyallup River as it does today. The lower portion of the historic White River—from the historic confluence of the White and Green Rivers to the conjunction with the Black River—is now considered part of the Green River. Later, in 1911 the Cedar River was diverted to empty into Lake Washington instead of into the Black River; at that time, the lake itself still emptied into the Black River. Then, with the opening of the Lake Washington Ship Canal in 1916, the lake's level dropped nearly nine feet and the Black River dried up. From that time forward, the point of the name change from Green to Duwamish is no longer the confluence of the Green and Black Rivers, though it has not changed location.
When the first European-Americans arrived in the area in 1851, they found the Dkhw'Duw'Absh people living in more than 90 longhouses, in at least 17 villages, in modern-day Seattle and environs. Radiocarbon-dating of artifacts indicates that indigenous tribes have lived along the Duwamish since at least the Sixth Century AD. The Dkhw'Duw'Absh traditionally used the river to hunt ducks and geese, fish for salmon, cod, and halibut, harvest clams, and gather berries, camas, and other plants for food and medicinal purposes.
Native villages on the Duwamish were eventually supplanted by white settlement and commercial use, and there was evidence of deliberate burning of Indian longhouses in 1893. Duwamish people continued to work and fish in the area, using human-made "Ballast Island" on the Seattle waterfront as a canoe haul-out and informal market, but by the early 20th Century, most remnants of traditional life along the river had disappeared. The last year-round native residents on the river - an old man named Seetoowathl, and their wife - died of starvation in their float-house on Kellogg Island in the winter of 1920.
In 2009, the Duwamish Longhouse and Cultural Center was opened on the west bank of the river as part of the tribe's reassertion of its historic rights in the area and its continuing struggle for federal recognition of tribal status.
Duwamish Waterway
As of the present day, the Duwamish Waterway empties into Elliott Bay in Seattle. The waterway was completed after the completion of the human-made Harbor Island in 1909. The waterway is now divided into two channels, the East and West Waterways.
In 1895, Eugene Semple, who had earlier served as Governor of Washington Territory, outlined a plan for a series of major public works projects in the Seattle area, including the straightening and dredging of the Duwamish River, both to open up the area to commercial use and to alleviate flooding. In 1909 the City of Seattle formed the Duwamish Waterway Commission in order to sell bonds and oversee the re-channelling of the river. Work began in October, 1913, and the oxbows gradually disappeared, with a few recesses in the channel left to accommodate high water flows and turning ships. Parts of the Georgetown and South Park neighborhoods once on quiet riverbank found themselves inland; the Georgetown Steam Plant was now almost a mile from the river, and special water pumping facilities had to be installed. By 1920, 4½ miles of the Duwamish Waterway had been dredged to a depth of 50 feet, with 20 million cubic feet of mud and sand going into the expansion of Harbor Island. The shallow, meandering, nine-mile-long river became a five-mile engineered waterway capable of handling ocean-going vessels.
The Duwamish basin soon became Seattle's industrial and commercial core area. Activities included cargo handling and storage, marine construction, ship and boat manufacturing, concrete manufacturing, paper and metals fabrication, food processing, and countless other industrial operations. Boeing Plant 1 was established on the Lower Duwamish in 1916, and Boeing Plant 2, further upriver, in 1936.
Bridges
The Duwamish Waterway is spanned by four major, public bridges: the First Avenue South Bridge, the South Park Bridge, the Spokane Street Bridge, and, directly above the latter, the West Seattle Bridge. Historically, the West Spokane Street Bridge also crossed the west fork of the Duwamish Waterway from 1924 until the 1970s and 1980s.
Pollution
Due to 20th century industrial contamination, the lowest of the Duwamish Waterway was declared a Superfund site by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 2001. The contaminants include PCBs, PAHs, arsenic, mercury, and phthalates, discharged from multiple industries.
The cleanup of the river has been controversial: one plan for an "early action" or hotspot cleanup proposed to dredge contaminated sediment and dump the resulting sludge in Tacoma's Commencement Bay, to the southwest. Opposition to this plan in both Seattle and Tacoma forced the sludge to be shipped to Klickitat County in south central Washington instead of disposal in Puget Sound. EPA has identified responsible parties for the pollution and in 2014 it published a final cleanup plan. By late 2015, 50 percent of the PCB-contaminated sediment had been removed. As of 2022, cleanup and restoration efforts are ongoing.
The Duwamish River faces many types of pollution, in addition to the contaminants named above. One major pollutant is fecal coliform bacteria, caused by combined sewer overflows. Even if these overflows were to be cleaned up, the overall quality of the water would not improve much. The river's most common pollutant is petroleum. Other contamination would still occur from farms, surface runoff, or failing septic tanks.
With the spread of ecological concerns in the 1970s, various environmental, tribal, and community organizations became interested in the severely polluted Duwamish River and Waterway. Kellogg Island, the last remnant of the original river, was declared a wildlife preserve, and nearby terminal T-107 was converted into a park, creating a substantial natural area near the mouth of the river.
Wildlife
Despite the industrialization of the Duwamish river, it remains an important habitat for the thousands of salmon and trout that visit the marshes and estuaries each year to spawn. The Duwamish supports chinook, coho,
chum and steelhead, as well as the more rare sockeye, sea-run cutthroat trout and bull trout. Pink salmon run in the millions every odd-numbered years in recent history.
Many of the animal species found in or around the river contain an unhealthy amount of contaminants. For example, other than salmon, any type of fish or shellfish found in the river is unfit for human consumption. It was found that PCB levels in fish and crab that live in the waterway most of their lives are 35 to 110 times higher than in Puget Sound salmon. The Ecological Risk Assessment also found that river otters from the Lower Duwamish River might be exposed to such high levels of PCBs that the growth or survival of their offspring may be reduced.
Recreation
The Port of Seattle owns several properties along the Duwamish River and industrial channels. In 2020, a set of six parks were renamed to use indigenous Lushootseed names following consultation with local tribes.
See also
List of rivers of Washington
References
External links
* Three of a long series publ. by Seattle Post-Intelligencer in Nov-Dec 2007.
1) River Lost? Seattle Pi, 11 Nov 2007.
2) Many questions if Seattle's Duwamish waterway can ever be restored Seattle Pi, 25 Nov 2007.
3) River: Dead or alive? Seattle Pi, 1 Dec 2007.
Rivers of Washington (state)
Ports and harbors of Washington (state)
Rivers of King County, Washington
Superfund sites in Washington (state)
Simpang Renggam is a federal constituency in Kluang District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
{{Pie chart|thumb=left|caption=Ethnic breakdown of Simpang Renggam's electorate as of 2022<ref>
History
Polling districrs
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Simpang Renggam constituency is divided into 26 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Kluang District
Johor federal constituencies
Al-Farq bayn al-Firaq is a book by the Shafi'i scholar Abu Mansur al-Baghdadi (d. 1037 CE) outlining the doctrinal positions of various sects and schisms in Islam. Written as an explanation of the hadith regarding the division of the Muslim ummah into 73 sects, the book explains the hadith, lays out the various beliefs of 72 "misguided" sects and ends by explaining the beliefs of Orthodox Sunni Islam, according to the author, in 15 points. The book also outlines the doctrinal positions of sects which are not deemed to be included under the hadith.
The Hadith
Abu Mansur lists 3 narrations of the hadith. Regarding the first they write, after listing their chain of narrators to Abu Hurairah, Muhammad said: The Jews are divided into 71 sects, and the Christians are divided into 72 sects and my people will be divided into 73 sects.
The 72 Sects
This part of the book is split into 8 sections and is divided as follows:
An Explanation of the opinions of the Rafidah
An Explanation of the opinions of the Khawarij
An Explanation of the opinions of the Mu'tazila and Kadiryah
An Explanation of the opinions of the Dirariyah, Bakiryah and Jahmiyah
An Explanation of the opinions of the Karimiyah
An Explanation of the opinions of the Anthropomorphists found among the numerous sects which we have mentioned
An Explanation of the opinions of the Murji'ah
An Explanation of the opinions of the Najjariyah
A number of sects are outlined under each section.
The Orthodox Sect
The book ends by explaining the beliefs of Orthodox Sunni Islam in 15 points. These points span several subjects.
The Universe
Abu Mansur writes that the Orthodox sect confirms, "realities and knowledge, particularly and generally." They also write that it confirms the knowledge regarding the creation of the Universe, its atoms and accidents, i.e. God is the creator of both.
God's Attributes
Abu Mansur outlines the various beliefs of the Orthodox sect regarding God.
Messengers and Prophets
Abu Mansur outlines the position of the Orthodox sect regarding the veracity of Prophethood and its attributes. They also outline the distinction between Prophets and Messengers.
Consensus of Muslims
Abu Mansur outlines various points they believed the Muslim ummah agreed upon.
The Hereafter
Abu Mansur outlines various events the Orthodox sect confirmed will happen in the future, such as the everlastingness of Paradise and Hell.
The Caliphate
Abu Mansur outlines the position of the Orthodox sect regarding the First Fitna. They write,They confirm the [Caliphate] of Abu Bakr the Righteous after the Prophet ... They affirm the loyalty of Uthman and they steer clear of anyone who calls them an infidel. They recognize the Caliphate of Ali in its time. They judge 'Ali right in their wars ... and they assert that Talha and al-Zubair repented and withdrew from warfare against 'Ali ... Regarding al Siffin they rule that the right was on the side of 'Ali, while Mu'awiya and their supporters wronged them by means of an interpretation as a result of which they became sinners but not heretics.
References
Kalam
Sunni literature
Ash'ari literature
Islamic theology books
Alexander Alcock was an Irish Anglican priest.
The son of Alexander Alcock, Dean of Lismore from 1725 until 1747, they were educated at Trinity College, Dublin. They were Archdeacon of Lismore from 1753 until their death in 1787.
Notes
1787 deaths
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
Archdeacons of Lismore
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Boden railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Lenk im Simmental, in the Swiss canton of Bern. It is an intermediate stop on the Montreux–Lenk im Simmental line of the Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway.
Services
The following services stop at Boden:
Regio: hourly service between and .
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Bern
Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway stations
The (JFL) is a commercial radio network in Japan. It is owned by J-Wave and established in October 1993.
JFL's main ideal is to respect the operation of each of its affiliates, letting each affiliate flourish under its own terms. The network is a co-operative, with each affiliate offering its resources when useful. So for example when J-Wave wants to air a concert or ask for interviews when a group tours in Nagoya, it can easily borrow the studios of ZIP-FM (the JFL affiliate there) to help produce what's needed.
Japan FM League stations
Current
Former
Programs
Hot 100
References
External links
Japan FM League
Radio in Japan
Mass media in Tokyo
Japanese radio networks
Radio stations established in 1993
Zoilamérica Ortega Murillo (née Narváez Murillo) (born November 13, 1967, in Managua) is a consultant for Comunidad Casabierta, an LGBTI rights organisation in Costa Rica.  They are also a former member of the National Assembly of Nicaragua.
In 1998, they accused their stepfather, Daniel Ortega, of sexually abusing them as a child.
According to their account, April 1989 was the last time that Ortega raped her, through a third party. In September 1990, their mother threw them out of the presidential house during a nervous breakdown. Zoilamérica was recovering from a leg operation. Beginning in the 1990s, Zoilamérica recounted that their sexual harassment of them by the former president became telephone calls, and was never physical again.
From their exile in Costa Rica they condemned their stepfather during the 2021 Nicaraguan general election.
Personal life
Them mother is Rosario Murillo, their father was Jorge Narváez Parajón (m. 1967; d. 1997).  They are also a stepdaughter of Daniel Ortega, president of Nicaragua.
In popular culture
The 2019 documentary film Exiliada () revolves around and interviews her, as well as their complaints of sexual abuse against Ortega in 1998.
References
1967 births
Child sexual abuse in Nicaragua
LGBT rights activists from Costa Rica
Living people
Members of the National Assembly (Nicaragua)
Nicaraguan women activists
21st-century Nicaraguan women politicians
21st-century Nicaraguan politicians
People from Managua
A people meter is an audience measurement tool used to measure the viewing habits of TV and cable audiences.
Meter
The People Meter is a 'box', about the size of a paperback book. The box is hooked up to each television set and is accompanied by a remote control unit. Each family member in a sample household is assigned a personal 'viewing button'. It identifies each household member's age and sex. If the TV is turned on and the viewer doesn't identify themselves, the meter flashes to remind them. Additional buttons on the People Meter enable guests to participate in the sample by recording their age, sex and viewing status into the system.
Another version of the device is small, about the size of a beeper, that plugs into the wall below or near each TV set in household. It monitors anything that comes on the TV and relays the information with the small Portable People Meter to narrow down who is watching what and when.
The device, known as a 'frequency-based meter', was invented by a British company called Audits of Great Britain (AGB). The successor company to AGB is TNS, which is active in 34 countries around the globe.
Originally, these meters identified the frequency of the channels - VHF or UHF - watched on the viewer's TV set. This system became obsolete when Direct to Home (DTH) satellite dish became popular and viewers started to get their own satellite decoders. In addition, this system doesn't measure digital broadcasts.
Before the People Meter advances, Nielsen used the diary method, which consisted of viewers physically recording the shows they watched. However, there were setbacks with the system. Lower-rated stations claimed the diary method was inaccurate and biased. They argued that because they had lower ratings, those who depended on memory for the diary method may only remember to track their favorite shows. Stations also argued that if it wasn't low ratings that skewed the diary method, it might also be the new variety of channels for viewers to choose from. Viewers may not be able to record everything they watch and there is no way of discovering the truth. Finally in 1986, Nielsen developed an electronic meter, People Meter, to solve the problem. The People Meter is an electronic method of television measurement that moved from active and diary-based to passive and meter-monitored. The meter also recorded real time simultaneously viewing, reducing memory bias.
Because Audits of Great Britain (AGB) had just entered the U.S. market executing similar technology, Nielsen felt the need to compete. Nielsen made a substantial technological advance before network-era norms entered crisis with transition to the national People Meter sample in 1987. Although People Meters presented substantial improvements over the previous system, the alteration in audience measurement caused significant controversy. The method change costs stations whose audience had been overestimated. The end of the multi-channel transition was in large part due to the continuous changes in technology and distribution. Nielsen was at a disadvantage as their measuring techniques required burdensome adjustments. Luckily for Nielsen, the advances in advertising strategies, distribution windows, and ways people were using television made industry sectors interested in data about viewing behavior.
Local People Meter
Along with changing their counting methods, Nielsen also started emphasizing their sample in 2003 in reaction to census shifts and requests from some industry sectors. Nielsen's automated Local People Meter (LPM) technology was introduced in New York and Los Angeles. The LPM improved the method of measurement from active and diary-based to passive and meter-monitored. More importantly, the LPM provides accurate measurements to particular local markets, verse a nationwide sample from the People meter. While diary-based surveys concentrated on quarterly “sweeps” periods, the industry has been pushed towards year-round measurement, due to the automated LPM system.
"Nielsen introduced the LPM as evidence of the rupturing of the network-era business model became broadly apparent, and apprehension about the future of the industry erupted on all sectors. LPM's more accurately reported full range of what programming viewers watched, including what was observed when channel surfing, in comparison to the diary method it replaced. It allowed Nielsen to maintain established measurement practices, but do them better”.
“While Nielsen's LPM's presented next-day demographic analyses on television viewership in major cities, the devices led to accusations of undercounting minorities. A lot of controversy surrounding LPM's was driven by News Corporation-funded “Don't Count Us Out” alliance, which exploited activists' and legislators' foreseeable mindless reactions to any suggestion of racism” (Lowry, 2004).
Portable People Meter
Today there are new systems such as the Portable People Meter and 'Picture Matching' measuring the viewing habits of TV audiences.
In an effort to improve the accuracy of radio ratings, Arbitron and Nielsen Media Research are testing a "portable people meter" (PPM) for radio. This new device to be clipped to an individual's clothing. Radio stations encode an inaudible, unique signal as part of their broadcasts. The PPM "hears" this signal and records the station and the time spent listening. Such a device requires far less effort on the part of respondents.
See also
Single-source data
References
Sources
Lotz, Amanda D. "The Television Will Be Revolutionized." New York University Press. Retrieved April 16, 2011.
Stoddard Jr., Laurence R. 'The History of People Meters. How we got where we are(and why)', Journal of Advertising Research, Oct/Nov 87, Vol. 27 Issue 5.
Lowry,Brian. Variety: August 16–22, 2004, Vol 395 Issue 13, p 14-16, 2p.
External links
http://onlinedatingpost.com/archives/2006/03/nielsen_tracking_box/ Blog post containing a picture of a "People meter"
Television technology
pt:People meter
Lord Arthur Savile's Crime is a 1952 comedy thriller play by the British writer Constance Cox, based on the short story Lord Arthur Savile's Crime by Oscar Wilde. After a palm reader convinces them it is their destiny to commit murder before they can marry their fiancée, an aristocrat makes several inept attempts to kill people.
It premiered at the Theatre Royal in Aldershot before transferring to the Court Theatre in London where it ran for 21 performances. The play was directed by Jack Hulbert and starred their younger brother Claude Hulbert in the title role, along with Peter Haddon and Jean Lodge.
In 1960, Gerald Savory adapted Cox's play into an episode of the Armchair Theatre anthology series on the ITV network in the UK.
References
Bibliography
Kabatchnik, Amnon. Blood on the Stage, 1950-1975: Milestone Plays of Crime, Mystery, and Detection. Scarecrow Press, 2011.
Wearing, J.P. The London Stage 1950-1959: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1952 plays
Comedy plays
West End plays
Thriller plays
Plays by Constance Cox
Plays based on short fiction
This is a list of impórtant colonial buiildings in Cartagena de Indias, in Colombia.
List
Fortifications
Squares
References
Lists of the oldest buildings and structures in Colombia
Lists of churches
History of Cartagena, Colombia
Historic preservation
Architecture lists
In geometry, the nine-point center is a triangle center, a point defined from a given triangle in a way that does not depend on the placement or scale of the triangle.
It is so called because it is the center of the nine-point circle, a circle that passes through nine significant points of the triangle: the midpoints of the three edges, the feet of the three altitudes, and the points halfway between the orthocenter and each of the three vertices. The nine-point center is listed as point X(5) in Clark Kimberling's Encyclopedia of Triangle Centers.
Properties
The nine-point center N lies on the Euler line of its triangle, at the midpoint between that triangle's orthocenter H and circumcenter O. The centroid G also lies on the same line, 2/3 of the way from the orthocenter to the circumcenter, so
Thus, if any two of these four triangle centers are known, the positions of the other two may be determined from them.
Andrew Guinand proved in 1984, as part of what is now known as Euler's triangle determination problem, that if the positions of these centers are given for an unknown triangle, then the incenter of the triangle lies within the orthocentroidal circle (the circle having the segment from the centroid to the orthocenter as its diameter). The only point inside this circle that cannot be the incenter is the nine-point center, and every other interior point of the circle is the incenter of a unique triangle.
The distance from the nine-point center to the incenter I satisfy
where R and r are the circumradius and inradius respectively.
The nine-point center is the circumcenter of the medial triangle of the given triangle, the circumcenter of the orthic triangle of the given triangle, and the circumcenter of the Euler triangle. More generally it is the circumcenter of any triangle defined from three of the nine points defining the nine-point circle.
The nine-point center lies at the centroid of four points: the triangle's three vertices and its orthocenter.
The Euler lines of the four triangles formed by an orthocentric system (a set of four points such that each is the orthocenter of the triangle with vertices at the other three points) are concurrent at the nine-point center common to all of the triangles.
Of the nine points defining the nine-point circle, the three midpoints of line segments between the vertices and the orthocenter are reflections of the triangle's midpoints about its nine-point center. Thus, the nine-point center forms the center of a point reflection that maps the medial triangle to the Euler triangle, and vice versa.
According to Lester's theorem, the nine-point center lies on a common circle with three other points: the two Fermat points and the circumcenter.
The Kosnita point of a triangle, a triangle center associated with Kosnita's theorem, is the isogonal conjugate of the nine-point center.
Coordinates
Trilinear coordinates for the nine-point center are
The barycentric coordinates of the nine-point center are
Thus if and only if two of the vertex angles differ from each other by more than 90°, one of the barycentric coordinates is negative and so the nine-point center is outside the triangle.
References
External links
Triangle centers
Georgetown–Ridge Farm Community Unit District 4, also known as GRF Unit #4, is a school district in Vermilion County, Illinois. It serves the communities of Georgetown and Ridge Farm.
Jean Neal is the superintendent.
Schools
Georgetown–Ridge Farm High School
Mary Miller Junior High School
Pine Crest Elementary School
References
External links
Education in Vermilion County, Illinois
School districts in Illinois
Raja Ko Rani Se Pyar Ho Gaya (English: The king has fallen in love with the queen) is a 2000 Indian Hindi film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar, starring Arvind Swamy and Manisha Koirala. This is the second Hindi film after Saat Rang Ke Sapne that Arvind Swamy has ever acted in. The film commenced after the success of the Hindi version of Mani Ratnam's Bombay, which featured the same lead pair. However the release was delayed by three years, until the producers won a PETA case filed against them. Manisha Koirala's voice was dubbed for this film.
Cast
Arvind Swamy as Mohit Kumar
Manisha Koirala as Manisha Malhotra
Dilip Dhawan as Rohit Kumar
Vanessa Francis as Raji
Jennifer Winget as Tanu
Dina Pathak as Mohit's grandmother
Shahbaz Khan
Nawab Shah
Sushma Seth as Manisha's mother
Tanvi Azmi as Meera Kumar
Rakesh Bedi as Balu
Production
Producer Mohan encouraged Rajeev to do this film in Hindi as this plot would have a wider market and Rajeev felt this won't work out in Malayalam because of the fantasy element in the script.
Controversy
The film became controversial for the scene where Manisha plays with the elephant's tail.
Music
Given by Jatin–Lalit, with lyrics by Javed Akhtar, audio on T-Series.
References
External links
2000 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Jatin–Lalit
Films about elephants
Indian children's films
Films shot in Rajasthan
Films based on fairy tales
Films directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar
2000s children's films
Truvo (formerly World Directories and Promedia) is a Belgian company specialising in local search and advertising. Its products include Yellow Pages websites and print directories.
Overview
Truvo, formerly World Directories, is a Belgian yellow pages business operating in the local search and advertising market and has around 500 employees. The print and online platforms are monthly used by more than 10 million people. Truvo offers a range of complementary services, in print, on-line, telephony and mobile.
Debt Restructuring
In July 2010 Truvo entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . In December 2010 it emerged from this process with a greatly reduced debt and lower costs . The company was then taken over by its former owner's banks . The company's revenues however continue to fall and there is no plan to pay off the remaining 475mio debt .
Further debt problems and restructuring
In December 2011 Standard and Poor's lowered its credit rating on Truvo because of its debt burden and declining business performance . It also predicted a credit default sometime in 2012; according to S&P this would amount to bankruptcy and reorganisation as a going concern .
At the same time Truvo announced the sale of its Irish operating unit to a Baltic company and the departure of all top executives except the CEO .
Further restructuring and sell-off
In 2011, Truvo sold its Irish operations. In late 2012 Truvo quietly sold off its Portuguese and South African interests; no press releases or external communications were issued apart from some references on the corporate website . At the same time Moodys and Standard and Poors both maintain a pessimistic view of the company's prospects . They state that the company's covenant test waivers will expire in early 2013. This can lead to a credit event triggering a default scenario like in 2010. In such a case the company could be declared bankrupt and reorganised as a going concern or possibly liquidated.
As of the time of writing its review site SaySo continues in operation but traffic remains at negligible levels.
Currently it is debranding, reverting from using the Truvo name to its original name ( e.g. goudengids.be). Revenues for 2012 continue the falling trend and debt remains high .
Truvo has no longer any business operations outside Belgium. However it still maintains a legacy software operation in Amsterdam, Netherlands even though all IT work is done in Belgium. The Amsterdam staff consists mostly of expat workers supporting, among others, the failed Sayso review website.
Bankruptcy
Truvo declared bankruptcy in Antwerp on 29 June 2016 and parts of the activities of Truvo were taken over by FCR Media as a going concern with most jobs being saved. The Amsterdam subsidiary was declared bankrupt three weeks later with the loss of all jobs. Golden Pages in Ireland, which had already been taken over by FCR Media, went into bankruptcy protection one year later in July 2017.
See also
List of Yellow Pages
References
External links
Companies based in Antwerp
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2010
Sloan D. Gibson IV (born 1952/1953) is the former United States Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Gibson was confirmed as the Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs by the United States Senate on February 11, 2014, replacing former Deputy Secretary W. Scott Gould who resigned on May 17, 2013. They became the acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs after Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned on May 30, 2014. Gibson held the acting secretary and deputy secretary positions concurrently until Robert McDonald was sworn in as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on July 30, 2014.
Education
Gibson attended Hargrave Military Academy during high school, graduating in the Class of 1971. They then attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, where they graduated with the Class of 1975. Gibson also earned a master's degree in Economics from the University of Missouri–Kansas City and a Masters in Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Career
Before their appointment as deputy secretary, Gibson was the 22nd president and CEO of the USO. They assumed that role on September 1, 2008. In 2004, they retired as chairperson and chief financial officer of AmSouth Bancorporation. During their tenure, AmSouth became part of the S&P 500. In 2002, Gibson chaired the United Way campaign in Central Alabama. Gibson was selected to serve as interim President at Hargrave Military Academy in 2021, the first Hargrave graduate ever to hold that office.
Military service
Gibson earned both Airborne and Ranger qualifications and served as an infantry officer in the United States Army.
Personal life
Gibson and their wife, Margaret Gibson, whom they have been married to for over 32 years, have two grown daughters, Celia Gibson and Laura Gibson.
References
External links
Sloan D. Gibson Bio at VA.gov
|-
1950s births
Living people
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Obama administration cabinet members
21st-century American politicians
United States Deputy Secretaries of Veterans Affairs
United States Army officers
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Secretaries of Veterans Affairs
University of Missouri alumni
Year of birth uncertain
Washington, D.C., Republicans
This page lists bases and airports operated or used by the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force (IRIAF). Categories include: (1) Tactical Air Bases (TAB), the 17 major IRIAF operational air bases, (2) Other Military Aviation Installations and joint civil/military, installations without TAB designation numbers, and (3) Civil Airports, facilities under civil authority that sources indicate to be of strategic importance to the IRIAF for contingency scenarios, etc.
Tactical air bases
TAB 1 – Mehrabad International Airport – – F-14s located at this base
TAB 2 – Tabriz Air Base –
TAB 3 – Hamadan Airbase (Shahrokhi Air Base) – – F-4D/Es reported serving here, 1990s
TAB 4 – Vahdati Air Base (Dezful) –
TAB 5 – Omidiyeh Air Base –
TAB 6 – Bushehr Airport – – F-4D/Es reported serving here, 1990s
TAB 7 – Shiraz International Airport –
TAB 8 – Isfahan International Airport – – F-14 Tomcats based here
TAB 9 – Bandar Abbas International Airport – – F-4D/Es reported serving here, 1990s
TAB 10 – Chahbahar Air Airport –
TAB 11 – Doshan Tappeh Air Base –
TAB 12 – Birjand International Airport –
TAB 13 – Zahedan International Airport –
TAB 14 – Mashhad International Airport –
TAB 15 – Kermanshah Airport –
TAB 16 – Kerman Airport –
TAB 17 – Shahid Asyaee Airport (Masjed Soleyman) –
Former military aviation installations
TAB 00 – Ghale Morghi Air Base (Qaleh Morgi) –
converted into VELAYAT park
Other military aviation installations
Ahmadi Military Air Field –
Badr Air Base (Sepah Air Base) –
Bishe Kola Air Base –
Darrahi Military Air Field –
Gorreh Military Air Field –
Hesa Air Base –
Jask Air Field –
Kashan Air Base –
Kish Island Airport (civil/military) –
Kushke Nosrat Airport (Manzariyeh) –
Nain Air Base –
Naja Air Base –
Qezel Qeshl Ag Military Air Field –
Shahid Vatan Pour Air Base –
Soga Air Base –
Urumiyeh Airport (civil/military) –
Civil airports
Abadan-Ayatollah Jami International Airport –
Abdanan Air Field –
Abamusa Island Airport –
Aghajari Airport –
Ahvaz Airport –
Bandar Lengeh Airport –
Bastak Airport –
Gachsaran Air Field –
Gorgan Airport –
Ilam Airport –
Khanian Air Field –
Khark Island Airport –
Khorramabad Airport –
Noshahr Airport –
Parsabad-Moghan Airport –
Qazvin Airport –
Rasht Airport –
Ramsar Airport –
Sabzevar Airport –
Sahand Airport (Maragheh) –
Shahabad Highway Strip –
Yazd Shahid Sadooghi Airport –
See also
List of airports in Iran
Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force
Military of Iran
References
GlobalSecurity.org, Iranian Air Fields and Bases
Federation of American Scientists, Iranian Air Fields
Islamic Republic of Iran Air Arms at Scramble Magazine - Dutch Aviation Society
Air Force bases
Iran
Paenochrobactrum gallinarii is a bacterium of the genus Paenochrobactrum which was isolated from air of a duck barn in Berlin.
References
External links
Type strain of Paenochrobactrum gallinarii at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Hyphomicrobiales
Bacteria described in 2010
The Pack River is a river in the North-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, flowing north into the Parsnip Reach of Lake Williston. Part of the Peace River drainage, it was originally a tributary of the Parsnip River before the creation of Lake Williston by the building of WAC Bennett Dam. It is fed by the McLeod River via McLeod Lake.
See also
List of rivers in British Columbia
References
Rivers of British Columbia
Northern Interior of British Columbia
Cariboo Land District
Euler Granda (June 7, 1935 – February 22, 2018) was an Ecuadorian poet, writer, and psychiatrist.
Biography
Granda was born in Riobamba, Ecuador, on June 7, 1935, to Aurora Espinoza and Ángel Polibio Granda. They were married to the poet Violeta Luna, with whom they had four children. After they and Luna divorced, they married Ximena Mendoza Párraga, also a poet. They had no children.
Career
Granda studied psychiatry at the Central University of Ecuador and the University of Guayaquil. Parallel to their studies in medicine, they also became interested in literature, particularly in poetry. Granda's poems often explored the human mental condition. In a (translated) interview with El Universo, Granda pointed out that "the poetry that I do in a certain way is surreal, that is, using elements and internal experiences of the human being. It's a huge advantage to have been a psychiatrist."
Granda published 17 books during their lifetime.
Death
Granda died on February 22, 2018, at the age of 82.
Awards
The Eugenio Espejo Prize in Literature (2009)
The "Jorge Luis Borges" Latin American Poetry Prize (1987)
First Place in El Universo's "Ismael Pérez Pazmiño" Poetry Prize (1961)
Works
El rostro de los días (1961) winner of the "Ismael Pérez Pazmiño" Poetry Prize
Voz desbordada (1963)
Etcétera, etcétera (1965)
El lado flaco (1968)
El cuerpo y los sucesos (1971)
La inutilmanía y otros nudos, Poesía y Un perro tocando la lira
References
1935 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Ecuadorian poets
21st-century Ecuadorian poets
People from Riobamba
Ecuadorian male poets
20th-century male writers
General Miguel Costa is a train station, belonging to CPTM Line 8-Diamond, located in the municipality of Osasco.
History
With the expansion of São Paulo, the supply of inhabitants became a vital issue. Until then, the city had the Vila Mariana Slaughterhouse to supply the city with fresh meat. This structure became outdated in the beginning of the 1910s and obligated the government to authorize interested business people to build new slaughterhouses. One of these was planned by Colonel Delfino Cerqueiro. Authorized by Municipal Resolution no. 50 of 20 August 1914, Colonel Cerqueira implanted in 1920 a slaughterhouse, located by Kilometer 21 of the main line of Estrada de Ferro Sorocabana. With the construction of the slaughterhouse, Sorocabana built a train yard to receive cargo wagons that transported oxes to the slaughter. Besides Cerqueira's interests in having a station beside the Kilometer 21 Slaughterhouse, their application was archived by the municipality in 1924. The slaughterhouse was instituted in 1938 and operated until the mid-1960s, when it was deactivated.
In 1951, Quilômetro 21 stop was built, in front of the old slaughterhouse, which became the popular name of the small station. With the deactivation and abandonment of the slaughterhouse in the 1960s, its facilities were invaded and transformed into slums that evolved into a huge favela beside the station. In the mid-1960s, Sorocabana renamed the station to Matadouro, creating protests of the residents of the housings built by Cohab-SP nearby the station in 1972.
In 1996, the station (and West and South Lines) were transferred from FEPASA to CPTM. While the south access of the station, built over the tracks, became as the main access, the north access was built and underused, due to giving access to an empty area of and was closed to avoid income evasion.
In 2002, Rodoanel Mario Covas was built over the station and the favela was entirely removed. Later, in 2007, the Prefecture of Osas hired the architecture office Vigliecca e Associados to project a housing in the area of next to the north access of the station. With a capacity for 1592 housing units, the works for Miguel Costa housing, named after the nearby station, delayed beginning. Besides that, the capacity was reduced to 960 housing units. The first ones were scheduled to be delivered in 2018, despite the lack of road access (due to the area be surrounded by areas belonging to the Army) delayed the delivery to mid-2019.
Projected since 1978, Km 21 Bus Terminal was built only in 2017, receiving in majority municipal bus lines of Carapicuíba, besides it was a bus terminal and stop for municipal lines of Osasco and EMTU metropolitan lines. Despite the construction of these developments, General Miguel Costa station didn't receive modernization works of its outdated structure until this day, which complicates its use and connection to the bus terminal by commuters.
Toponymy
Opened in 1951, the station initially received the name of the nearest milestone, Km 21. In the mid-1960s, Estrada de Ferro Sorocabana changes its name to Matadoura, due to a facility located next to the station. The deactivation of the slaughterhouse and the negative connotation of its name obligated FEPASA to rename the station back to its old name only in 1979.
A campaign led by professor Mioguel Costa Júnior to rename the station after their father, Miguel Costa, was succeeded and resulted in the renaming of the station from Km 21 to General Miguel Costa in December 1987 through State Law Project no. 5832 of 20 October 1987.
Miguel Costa (1885-1959) was an official of São Paulo Public Force, one of the main participants of the 1924 tenentism uprising, of Coluna Prestes (which they led along with Luís Carlos Prestes, the 1930 Revolution and the 1932 Constitutionalist Revolution. According to their son, Miguel Costa was a frequent visitor of the region and, due to their rank, used to stop the train circulation in the area, so they and their accompaniment could fish in a nearby lake. Later, Miguel Costa's family radicated themselves in Carapicuíba.
References
External links
CPTM Official Page (in Portuguese)
Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos stations
Railway stations opened in 1951
was Governor of Okinawa Prefecture (1908–1913).
References
Further reading
Hata Ikuhiko, ed. "日本官僚制総合事典：1868 – 2000" (Comprehensive Encyclopedia of the Japanese Bureaucracy), Tōkyō Daigaku Shuppankai, 2001.
1848 births
1926 deaths
People from Mie Prefecture
Governors of Okinawa Prefecture
Pŏptong County is a kun in the Kangwŏn province, North Korea.
Geography
It lies between the Masingryŏng and Ahobiryŏng ranges, and 90% of the county is more than 400 meters above sea level. The highest point is Turyusan. Only 5% of this rugged county consists of ground level. The chief streams are the Rimjin River, Komitanch'ŏn, and Tongdongch'ŏn (통동천). There are abundant forests. The climate is cold and continental.
The Eurasian otters living in the county are recognized as North Korean natural monument number 249.
Administrative divisions
Pŏptong county is divided into 1 ŭp (town) and 19 ri (villages):
Economy
The local economy is dominated by manufacturing and mining. Goods produced include disposable goods, machines, medicine, chemicals, and paper. The matches manufactured here are sold throughout North Korea. Although only 6.5% of the county's land is arable, the county does produce some maize. Livestock are also raised in the county, which has long been known as a centre for honey production as well.
Transportation
Pŏptong is served by roads, but not by rail.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
Crooked Still is an American band consisting of vocalist Aoife O'Donovan, banjo player Gregory Liszt, bassist Corey DiMario, cellist Tristan Clarridge and fiddler Brittany Haas. They are known for their high energy, technical skill, unusual instrumentation, and innovative acoustic style.
The string band's style has been described as progressive bluegrass, folk-country, and Americana. O'Donovan states that the band is playing its "own sort of continuation" on the bluegrass tradition that began in the U.S. with Bill Monroe and Jimmy Martin.
History
2001–2008
O'Donovan and DiMario met at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, Massachusetts in the spring of 2001. Former member Rushad Eggleston, who was studying cello at Berklee College of Music, and Liszt, a graduate student at MIT, were playing music together around the same time, and when the four met that summer, they formed a band that became Crooked Still. While its members finished school, the group played various Boston venues, growing in popularity and collecting favorable reviews from the local press.
Crooked Still went on to appear at concert halls, festivals, coffeehouses, and nightclubs in 23 states and several countries. On August 22, 2006, the group released their second album, Shaken by a Low Sound.
From 2008
Cellist Rushad Eggleston performed their last show with the band on November 18, 2007, at the Iron Horse in Northampton, Massachusetts. They parted ways with Crooked Still to pursue their own music with band Tornado Rider. In January 2008 two new members joined the band: cellist Tristan Clarridge and fiddler Brittany Haas, both of whom have toured in Darol Anger's Republic of Strings. The Darol Anger connection goes further: Rushad Eggleston was in Fiddlers 4 in 2002. The band released its first album with the new lineup, Still Crooked in 2008, a live album in 2009, and Some Strange Country in 2010.
2011 and beyond
In honor of their tenth anniversary together as a band, Crooked Still embarked on a major tour of the Northeast and the Pacific Northwest, and released a 7-song EP called Friends of Fall in October 2011. After the final show of their 2011 tour, Crooked Still took a three-year touring and recording hiatus (originally planned to be one year) for its members to pursue other musical projects.
Crooked Still performed at the FreshGrass festival in North Adams, Massachusetts, in September 2017.
In June 2018, Crooked Still songs "Little Sadie" and "Ecstasy" were featured in the gameplay trailer for The Last of Us Part II presented at E3 2018. These songs, along with "Ain't No Grave" were included in the final game.
Discography
Albums
Live albums
Music videos
References
External links
American folk musical groups
American bluegrass music groups
Old-time bands
Musical groups from Boston
Signature Sounds artists
The Pleasure Fair was a musical performing group based in Los Angeles in the mid-1960s. The original group membership included Robb Royer, Tim Hallinan, Michele Cochrane and Stephen Cohn.
Robb Royer obtained their first guitar when they were 19 years old and a college sophomore at San Fernando Valley State College in Northridge (now California State University at Northridge). They met Tim Hallinan at the school. "Finally, when I began playing guitar, the scales tipped and Tim saw reason to talk to me. They liked to sing and I liked to play."
The two began to perform together as "Robb & Tim" and then later added the talent of Michele Cochrane. Hallinan recalled "What I remember best about Michele was, first, that they could actually sing. I was just faking it, doing what I've done since I was born, an approach to life that begins with the words, 'Act like you can –' In this case, it was sung. But Michele actually could; they had a glorious voice."
Soon the trio became a quartet with the addition of Stephen Cohn, who had previously graduated from Valley State's music department, whom they had seen when they gave a senior recital in classical guitar. The group called themselves by various names, the most notable being "The Pleasure Fair" and by 1966 they managed to obtain a recording contract for a single with Hanna Barbera Records under the name "The Rainy Day People". "Junior Executive" was the "A" side, backed with "I'm Telling It To You" (both songs written by Cohn, Hallinan and Royer)
The group signed a recording contract with Uni Records in 1967 David Gates was hired as the arranger and conductor for the Pleasure Fair's self-titled album. The album comprised twelve songs, eight of which were original compositions by Royer, Hallinan and Cohn with one additional song written by Cohn.
They can briefly be seen performing in Ep7, S1 "Tagged for Murder" of the TV series Ironside.
Royer's song "Say What You See" (co-written with Tim Hallinan) was produced in 1968 by Jimmy Griffin and arranged by David Gates. It was sung by a trio calling themselves The Curtain Calls. Soon afterward in the same year the three founding members of Bread (Royer, Griffin and Gates) combined forces as their own group.
Their song "Morning Glory Days" charted at number 34 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 in July 1967, making it their only song to chart on the main Billboard single charts.
The Pleasure Fair (LP)
The Pleasure Fair - Uni Records, 1967
1. "Stay Around For The Good Times" (R. Royer - T. Hallinan - S. Cohn)
2. "Turnaway" (R. Royer - T. Hallinan - S. Cohn)
3. "Come To The Sunshine" (Van Dyke Parks)
4. "Nursery Rhyme" (R. Royer - T. Hallinan - S. Cohn)
5. "Remember Who I Am" (R. Royer - T. Hallinan - S. Cohn)
6. "Barefoot In The Park" (Johnny Mercer - Neal Hefti)
7. "Morning Glory Days" (R. Royer - T. Hallinan - S. Cohn)
8. "Fade In Fade Out" (R. Royer - T. Hallinan - S. Cohn)
9. "East West" (Graham Gouldman)
10. "The Things We Said Today" (John Lennon - Paul McCartney)
11. "Talk" (D. Gere - S. Cohn)
12. "Put It Out Of Your Mind" (R. Royer - T. Hallinan - S. Cohn)
The Pleasure Fair - Robb Royer - Michele Cochrane - Tim Hallinan - Steve Cohn
Producer, Arranger and Conductor - David Gates
Engineer - Allan Todd
Original Cover Photography - Fred Seligo
Original Cover Design - Bernard Yeszin Graphics
References
Folk rock groups from California
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Kotiteollisuus is the self-titled album of the Finnish heavy metal band Kotiteollisuus, their 11th. Released on 2 March 2011, it debuted at number one on the Finnish Albums Chart.
"Soitellen sotaan" the first single from the album was prereleased on 24 January 2011.
Track listing
Hornankattila – 07:33 (Hell's Pot)
Soitellen sotaan – 04:11 (Bring a Knife to a Gunfight)
Raskaat veet – 04:01 (Heavy Waters)
Sarvet itää – 04:55 (Horns Sprout)
Kylmä teräs – 04:44 (Cold Steel)
Rosebud – 04:17
Ei kukaan – 05:29 (Nobody)
Isän kädestä – 04:33 (From the Hand of the Father)
Pahanilmanlinnut – 03:14 (Jinxes)
Itken seinään päin – 04:54 (I Cry Towards the Wall)
Ainoa – 05:02 (Only One)
Taivas on auki – 08:16 (Heaven Is Open)
Singles
"Soitellen sotaan" (Released 24 January 2011)
Chart performance
Personnel
Jouni Hynynen – guitars, vocals, backing vocals
Janne Hongisto – bass, backing vocals
Jari Sinkkonen – drums, backing vocals
Guest musicians
Ismo Alanko – cello (in "Ainoa")
Tuomas Holopainen – keyboards ("Itken seinään päin")
Miitri Aaltonen – vocals
Antti Hyyrynen – backing vocals
Janne Hynynen – vocals
Yari Knuutinen – string arrangements of songs ("Kylmä teräs" and "Taivas on auki")
References
2011 albums
Kotiteollisuus albums
Iran national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Iran that represents the team in international competitions. The team did not compete at the 2015 IFCPF World Championships. At the 2011 World Championships, they finished second. In the country's three Paralympic appearances, they won bronze in 2008 and 2012, and finished fifth in 2004.
Background
Islamic Republic of Iran Sports Federation for the Disabled is in charge of managing the national team. During the 2000s, the team was one of the top four most dominant teams in the world alongside Brazil, Ukraine and Russia. In 2012, the team was coached by Amin Allahmani. National team development is supported by an International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football (IFCPF) recognized national championship. Recognized years for the national IFCPF recognized competition include 2011, 2013, 2014, and 2015. Iran was active internationally by 2016, and had national championships to support national team player development.
In 2016, after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency (WADA), the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing. This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS. Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool, players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio.
Ranking
Iran was ranked twelfth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. The team is also ranked first regionally in Asia-Oceania. In August 2013 and November 2014, the team was ranked fifth. Iran was ranked third in July 2011 and September 2012.
Players
There have been a number of players for the Iranian squad.
Results
Iran has participated in a number of international tournaments. Iran won the 2014 Asian Para Games after defeating Japan 5 - 0 in the final. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Canada, Portugal, Northern Ireland, Australia, Venezuela, Japan, Republic of South Korea, Germany, Denmark, and Spain. They won the event with five straight victories.
IFCPF World Championships
Iran has participated in the IFCPF World Championships. The country was supposed to participate in the 2015 edition, but because of visa issues were unable to do so.
Paralympic Games
Iran has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games.
Paralympic Results
2016 Games
Iran had missed out on qualification for Rio initially because they had Visa issues that did not allow them to participate in the IFCPF World Championships, and there were not enough teams to allow for a viable Asian qualifying competition. They were included following the suspension of Russia. The IFCPF said in their rationale for picking Iran that it would increase continental inclusion from 2 to 3, and they would be replacing one potential medalist with another potential medalist. They go to the Rio Games having won the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark a month earlier.
References
Cerebral Palsy
Iran at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Saint Wenceslas Chorale () or simply Saint Wenceslas is the church hymn and one of the oldest known Czech songs and Czech religious anthems. Its roots can be found in the 12th century and it belongs to the most popular religious songs also today, and to the oldest still used European chants. The hymn is mentioned as "old and well-known" in the chronicle from the 13th century. Also strophic structure, language and undulating melody and harmonization confirm that assumption. The text of the song had originally three strophes. To the chant, originally in Old Czech, some new strophes have been added and also removed from over the centuries. Its final form becomes from the turn 18th and 19th century and in that version is still used today.
The content of the anthem is a prayer to Saint Wenceslas, Duke of Bohemia and the Czech patron saint to intercede for their nation in God to help from injustice and ensure the salvation. The hymn is regularly sung today, usually at the end of a Sunday Mass or a major Christian holiday.
In 1918, in the beginnings of the Czechoslovak state, the song was discussed as a possible candidate for the national anthem.
Modifications of the song
Saint Wenceslas Chorale inspired some of Czech composers to the creation of variations on the theme. As well known examples can be mentioned:
Josef Suk: Meditation on St.Wenceslas chorale, op. 35a
Vítězslav Novák: Svatováclavský triptych • toccata, ciacona and fugue, op. 70
Pavel Haas: Suite for Oboe and Piano, Op. 17
References
Czech songs
Czech anthems
Czech Christian hymns
Czech music
Czech folklore
Czech early music
12th-century hymns
Songwriter unknown
Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia
Gaspare Finali (1829–1914) was an Italian academic and politician who held various cabinet posts, including minister of agriculture and commerce. They were also a member of the Parliament.
Early life and education
Finali was born in Cesena on 20 May 1829. They graduated from the University of Bologna obtaining a degree in law.
Career
They joined the republican movement in Rome in 1849. They went into exile in Romagna and then in Piedmont from 1855. They served as a deputy in the period between 1865 and 1870 and as a general secretary at the Ministry of Finance from 1868 to 1869. They were elected a senator in 1872 and was the vice president of the Senate between 1898 and 1904 with some interruptions. They were appointed minister of agriculture and commerce in the cabinet led by Marco Minghetti between 1873 and 1876. Next they were named the minister of public works in the cabinet of Francesco Crispi and held the post from 1887 to 1891. They were also minister of treasury in the cabinet of Giuseppe Saracco in 1901.
Finali was promoted to professorship in the field of state accounting in 1880. They were the president of the Court of Auditors from 1893 to 1907. They were also a member of the Lincean Academy.
Personal life and death
Finali married twice and had a son. They died in Marradi on 11 August 1914.
Awards
Finali was the recipient of the following:
Knight of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus (1860)
Knight of the Civil Order of Savoy (24 February 1898)
Commander of the Order of the Crown of Italy
Commander of the Order of Christ Cross (Portugal)
Knight of the Supreme Order of Saints Annunziata (1904)
Grand Cordon of the Order of Franz Joseph (Austro-Hungarian Empire)
Grand Cordon of the Order of the Crown (Prussia)
Grand Cordon of the Order of the Sun and Lion (Persia)
Grand Officer of the Order of Charles III (Spain)
References
External links
19th-century Italian jurists
1829 births
1914 deaths
Government ministers of Italy
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus
Recipients of the Order of the Crown (Italy)
Recipients of the Order of Christ (Portugal)
Recipients of the Order of Franz Joseph
People from Cesena
University of Bologna alumni
Members of the Senate of the Kingdom of Italy
Troy Anthony Wilson (born September 19, 1965) is a former Canadian football defensive back in the Canadian Football League who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders. They played college football for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. They also played in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns.
References
1965 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Canadian football defensive backs
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Cleveland Browns players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Mount Olive is located on the Continental Divide, on the Alberta-British Columbia border, in both Banff National Park and Yoho National Park. It lies on the eastern edge of the Wapta Icefield, and is part of the Waputik Mountains. It was named in 1898 by H.B. Dixon after their wife Dixon, Olive.
Geology
The peak is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, it is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below -20 °C with wind chill factors below -30 °C.
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
Further reading
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Mountains of Banff National Park
Mountains of Yoho National Park
Amanda Duff (March 6, 1914 - April 6, 2006) was an American actor on stage and in films.
Biography
Duff was born in Fresno, California, and grew up in Santa Barbara, California. They went on to study music at Mills College and later to study piano in New York City.
Early years
They were discovered by the playwright Robert E. Sherwood who cast them in a Broadway production of Tovarich (1936). They played Helene DuPont, a daughter of a rich family.
Duff's films included The Devil Commands (1941) and Mr. Moto in Danger Island (1939).
In 1939, they married screenwriter and film director Philip Dunne. They had three daughters.
Later life
After Duff retired from acting, they took up photography. Them work was recognized when the presentation "Glimpses of the USA" at the American National Exhibition in Moscow in 1959 include some of their photographs of American children.
On April 6, 2006, Duff died of cancer in San Francisco, California, at age 92. They were survived by three daughters, a brother, and two grandchildren.
Filmography
Just Around the Corner (1938)
Mr. Moto on Danger Island (1938)
The Three Musketeers (1939, uncredited)
Hotel for Women (1939)
The Escape (1939)
City of Chance (1940)
Star Dust (1940, uncredited)
The Devil Commands (1941)
References
External links
1914 births
2006 deaths
American film actores
American stage actores
People from Fresno, California
20th-century American actores
21st-century American women
Chen Li (born 13 March 1971) is a former professional tennis player from China.
Career
Chen, who comes from the city of Xiangtan in Hunan, played on the WTA Tour in the 1990s and won one title, the doubles at the 1994 China Open, with Li Fang as their partner. In 1996 they were runner-up in the singles at the Nokia Open in Beijing. En route to the final, which they lost to Wang Shi-ting, they accounted for three seeded players, Francesca Lubiani, Yayuk Basuki and Sandrine Testud. They competed as a wildcard at the 1997 Australian Open and was beaten in the first round by Natalia Medvedeva.
A two-time Olympian, Chen represented China at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona and 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. At the Barcelona Olympics they lost in the first round to eventual bronze medalist Mary Joe Fernández. In Atlanta they competed in both the singles and doubles draws. They lost to top seed Monica Seles in the singles but them and Yi Jing-Qian made the second round of the doubles competition. They progressed in a walkover after fifth seeded Australian pairing had to withdraw when Rennae Stubbs was taken ill to hospital. In the second round the Chinese pair were beaten in three sets by the team from Thailand.
Chen won a total of seven medals for China at the Asian Games. This includes a gold medal in the women's doubles with Li Fang at the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok.
In Fed Cup competition, Chen featured in 17 ties for a record 7–14 overall. One of these ties was against the United States in the second round of the World Group in the 1993 Federation Cup.
WTA Tour finals
Singles: 1 runner-up
Doubles: 1 title
ITF finals
Singles (6–7)
Doubles (7–2)
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Chinese female tennis players
Olympic tennis players of China
Tennis players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Tennis players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Asian Games medalists in tennis
Tennis players at the 1990 Asian Games
Tennis players at the 1994 Asian Games
Tennis players at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Universiade medalists in tennis
Universiade gold medalists for China
People from Xiangtan
Tennis players from Hunan
Medalists at the 1993 Summer Universiade
Wojciech Orłowski (born October 14, 1981 in Racibórz) is Polish wrestler and mixed martial artist.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 7-9 (1)
| Adam Kowalski
| TKO (head kick and punches)
| Granda Pro 7: Lucky 7
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:07
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7-8 (1)
| Wojciech Balejko
| Decision (unanimous)
| PLMMA 72: Lomianki
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Lomianki, Poland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6-8 (1)
| Dawid Drobina
| Submission (heel hook)
| PLMMA 70: Championship Torwar
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| N/A
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6-7 (1)
| Pawel Bolanowski
| KO (slam and punches)
| PLMMA 67: Nastula Cup 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:20
| Lomianki, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5-7 (1)
| Krzysztof Pietraszek
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| ACB 29: Poland
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:59
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4-7 (1)
| Jordi Vinyals
| TKO (punches)
| Ansgar Fighting League 7: Barcelona
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:17
| Barcelona, Spain
|
|-
| NC
| align=center| 3-7 (1)
| Daniel Palomo Diaz
| NC (accidental headbutt)
| Cagemania 6
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:00
| Mijas, Spain
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3-7
| Grzegorz Cieplinski
| TKO (knee injury)
| Battle of Champions
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:15
| Zamosc, Poland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3-6
| Michal Pasternak
| TKO (punches)
| PLMMA 10: 2012 Final
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:34
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3-5
| Wojciech Antczak
| TKO (punches)
| Fight CUp: Battle of Warsaw
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:42
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3-4
| Matteo Minonzio
| TKO (punches)
| KSW Fight Club
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:36
| Ryn, Poland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3-3
| Jan Błachowicz
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| KSW 13: Kumite
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:37
| Katowice, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3-2
| Tomasz Molski
| TKO (punches)
| KSW 13: Kumite
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:07
| Katowice, Poland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 2-2
| David Oliva
| TKO (submission to punches)
| KSW 12: Pudzianowski vs. Najman
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:51
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2-1
| Maciej Marczewski
| TKO (punches)
| Maximus 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:18
| Szczecinek, Poland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1-1
| Arkadiusz Jedraczka
| Decision (unanimous)
| Maxxx Fight: Fight to Win
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Warsaw, Poland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0-1
| Florian Muller
| Submission
| Fight Club Berlin 9
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:41
| Berlin, Germany
|
External links
Professional MMA record of Wojciech Orłowski by sherdog.com
1981 births
Living people
People from Racibórz
Polish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Silesian Voivodeship
Pili may refer to:
Common names of plants
Canarium ovatum, a Philippine tree that is a source of the pili nut
Heteropogon contortus, a Hawaiian grass used to thatch structures
Places
Pili, Camarines Sur is a municipality in the Philippines
Pili, barangay in Danao City
Pili Volcano in Chile also known as Acamarachi
Other
Pili, another name for jianzi
Pili (film), nominated for the BAFTA Award for Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Director or Producer in 2018
Pili line — a Hawaiian royal house
Pilikaaiea — a Hawaiian ruler
Pili (TV series), a puppet show from Taiwan
Pilus (plural pili) is a cellular organelle
El Casino de Ferrol is a historical edifice in Ferrol, Spain, created as a social catalyst to satisfy the social needs of the 19th century incipient local bourgeoisie and upper classes.
The city and naval station of Ferrol was going to be the cradle of the Spanish Socialist Workers Movement as well as the Spanish Feminist Movement.
Since the 1980s, El Casino de Ferrol took over in a joined venture another historical institution in the same city: El Cub de Tenis de Ferrol. Together, they formed El Casino Ferrolano Tenis Club and all points up at the beginning of the 21st century to a harmonious long lasting future together.
El Casino de Ferrol, like any other institution in modern Spain, has its membership open to any one to join in.
See also
Club Naval de Ferrol
El Circulo Mercantil de Ferrol
External links
The Building of “El Casino de Ferrol” is a 19th century listed building with Art deco paintings
“El Casino de Madrid” is also a 19th century institution belonging to Spanish Society of Casinos
Web page devoted to the study of the “Modernist Architecture” and “Modernisme” in Ferrol (North-western Spain)
Gentlemen's clubs in Spain
Art museums and galleries in Spain
Buildings and structures in Galicia (Spain)
Modernisme architecture
Art Nouveau architecture in Spain
Pedro García is a barrio in the municipality of Coamo, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 666.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Pedro García barrio was 1,697.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Coamo, Puerto Rico
Johann Otto Uhde (born Insterburg 12 May 1725; died Berlin 20 December 1766) was a German composer and violinist.
Although they studied violin from age 8 and performed as a soloist in high social circles in Berlin, Uhde became an attorney and practised law in Berlin from 1746 to their death. As an amateur musician they exemplified a movement in the mid-18th century toward amateur music making.  They are primarily remembered, however, as a composer, especially of music for amateurs and students. Several of their compositions were published anonymously in Berlin (most likely in anthologies such as the Musikalisches Mancherley and the Musikalischen Nebenstunden).
Their manuscripts were acquired by the Harvard University library when it acquired the music collection of Franz Hauser (1794-1870). They include three violin concertos (E-flat, D minor, A minor), two flute concertos, a harpsichord concerto, a trio sonata, and 8 vocal works (cantatas and arias in French, German, and Italian).
References
Vocal and instrumental compositions : manuscript, (ca. 1750-ca. 1765) (MS Mus 242.) at http://discovery.lib.harvard.edu/?itemid=|library/m/aleph|009789521 (Houghton Library (curators), Harvard University) Retrieved: June 24, 2011
W. R. Schweizer collection of German autographs, 1529–1935. (MS Ger 162) at http://discovery.lib.harvard.edu/?itemid=|library/m/aleph|000602075 (Houghton Library (curators), Harvard University) Retrieved: June 24, 2011
Rudolf Kolisch Papers (MS Mus 195) at http://discovery.lib.harvard.edu/?itemid=|library/m/aleph|002289926 (Houghton Library (curators), Harvard University) Retrieved: June 24, 2011
1725 births
1766 deaths
18th-century German composers
18th-century German male musicians
German male composers
German male musicians
Kimanis is a federal constituency in West Coast Division (Papar District) and Interior Division (Beaufort District), Sabah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 1971 to 1995, from 2004 to present.
The federal constituency was created in the 1966 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
It was abolished in 1995 when it was redistributed. It was re-created in 2003.
Poling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019, the Kimanis constituency has a total of 19 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local government
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
Jihed Jaballah (born 29 July 1989) is a Tunisian handball player who plays for Dunkerque HGL and the Tunisian national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1989 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Expatriate handball players in Turkey
Tunisian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
People from Sousse
IFK Kristianstad players
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Tunisia
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
20th-century Tunisian people
21st-century Tunisian people
The Pomegranate Council is a non-profit agricultural commodity marketing organization based in Sonoma, CA.
Founded in 1997 by California-based international produce marketer Tom Tjerandsen, in association with charter members Simonian Fruit Company and Roll International (the parent company of what would later become POM Wonderful), the Pomegranate Council is a non-profit organization that exists to promote the pomegranate fruit and its variety of uses. Patterned after the successful Apricot Council, the Pomegranate Council's activities range from consumer-awareness programs to developing and distributing tools for use by pomegranate producers. The Council has been credited with contributing to the recent marked increase in consumption and awareness of pomegranates and pomegranate products.
The Pomegranate Council provides a variety of non-branded commodity marketing support, including press relations, distribution of printed material such as point-of-sale usage guides for retailers and the foodservice industry, and representation at food-related trade shows to distribute literature and product samples. The Council's website also serves as a source of product availability and trade information, as well as pomegranate history and health benefits, recipes, crafting ideas, and answers to frequently asked questions. In addition to the website, the Council uses both domestic and overseas advertising agencies, as well as field promotion programs, to achieve its goals of international pomegranate awareness. The Council provides information and marketing materials to promote increased usage for the fresh market in the U.S. and for all export markets.
Much of the Pomegranate Council's current emphasis is focused on developing selected overseas markets with the help of the MAP program, under the auspices of the USDA Foreign Agricultural Service.
References
EBSCO Host Connection, Pomegranate Council recipe abstract http://connection.ebscohost.com/c/articles/10824280/california-pomegranate-council-recipes
External links
http://www.pomegranates.org Official Site
Trade associations based in the United States
The Christmas Is Here Tour (stylized Christmas Is Here! Tour) was the eighth concert tour by American a cappella group Pentatonix to promote their seventh studio album, Christmas Is Here!. The tour began on November 25, 2018 in Grand Prairie, and concluded on December 22, 2018 in New York City.
Background and development
On September 20, 2018, the group announced they were releasing Christmas Is Here!. With announcement was a limited 17 date tours.
A review of the Sugar Land performance stated "People could not stop cheering for the a cappella group. Pentatonix brought Christmas to life in November."
Tour dates
References
2018 concert tours
Pentatonix concert tours
Live Healthy, Be Happy is an Australian lifestyle television series airs on the Seven Network on 3 February 2013. It's hosted by Geoff Huegill.
References
Seven Network original programming
Australian non-fiction television series
2013 Australian television series debuts
2013 Australian television series endings
The 2014 FIBA Intercontinental Cup was the 24th edition of the FIBA Intercontinental Cup for men's professional basketball clubs and the 23rd edition of the tournament being in the form of a true intercontinental tournament for clubs. The 2 game aggregate score tournament took place at the HSBC Arena in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on September 26 and September 28, 2014, in order to determine the world club champion. The tournament was contested between the 2013–14 season EuroLeague champions, Maccabi Electra, and the 2014 FIBA Americas League champions, Flamengo.
Series summary
Flamengo won the series by aggregate score 156-146.
Game 1
Game 2
Rosters
Referees
Recep Ankarali
Jorge Vázquez
Daniel Hierrezuelo
Source:
MVP
Nicolás Laprovíttola - ( Flamengo)
References
External links
2014 Intercontinental Basketball Cup
2014 FIBA Intercontinental Cup Official Site
Microsite by FIBA Americas
Euroleague.net 2014 FIBA Intercontinental Press Conference
Intercontinental Cup (Basketball), 2014
FIBA Intercontinental Cup
International sports competitions in Rio de Janeiro (city)
2014–15 in Brazilian basketball
International basketball competitions hosted by Brazil
2014–15 in Israeli basketball
Street Flow () is a French drama film directed by Leïla Sy and Kery James and written by Kery James. The plot revolves around fifteen-year-old Noumouké from the suburb of Paris who is about to decide which brother's foot steps to follow - the lawyer student Soulaymaan or the gangster Demba.
The film was released on October 12, 2019 on Netflix.
Cast
Jammeh Diangana
Bakary Diombera
Kery James
Pierre Rousselet
Release
Street Flow was released on October 12, 2019 on Netflix. According to Netflix, over 2.6 million accounts watched Street Flow within the first week of release.
References
External links
2010s French-language films
2019 drama films
2019 films
French drama films
French-language Netflix original films
Hood films
2010s American films
2010s French films
Lotería Cantada is a 2006 DVD featuring the Mexican-American singer Lila Downs in a series of concerts held in Mexico City and Oaxaca City, Mexico, in February 2006. The DVD is the result of a collaboration by a number of filmmakers working with Downs and their band. According to Down's web site, "Images were edited and intervened by nine visual artists: Ivonne Fuentes, Bruno Varela, Alejandro Cantú, Pedro Jiménez, Mario Viveros, Sal V. Ricalde, Fernando Llanos, Johnny Moreno and Elena Pardo." The performances were benefit concerts for the Guadalupe Musalem Scholarship Fund.
The music features original works and traditional Mexican songs that Downs has featured on their recordings. Included are Downs' take on "La Cucaracha" and their reading of the story of "La Llorona". Extra features include an "on the road" video of Downs and their band on tour, and an experimental video done by Downs' father, Allen Downs. Them filmmaker father died when Downs was young so their video features Lila as a toddler with their mother in the Mixteca Alta of Oaxaca.
The DVD features subtitles.
Track list
El Pescador
Dignificada
One Blood
Cucaracha
Hanal Weech (cumbia Maya)
Naila
Mother Jones
La Iguana
Malinche
La Llorona
Paloma Negra
Viborita (Concierto callejero en Oaxaca)
Extras
"La Cumbia del Mole" ( video clip, directed by Johnny Moreno)
Love Shots (short film by Allen Downs, Lila father, 1974)
En el Camino/ On the Road (documentary by Elena Pardo)
Lila + Pintores de Oaxaca (conversations with Oaxacan painters: Guillermo Olguin, José Luis García y Luis Zárate)
Lila + Cortometrajes (short films) ...and more.
External links
Lila Downs, official web site
Mexican music television series
Lila Downs video albums
Troy Ethan Wilson (born November 22, 1970 in Topeka, Kansas) is a former defensive lineman who played in the National Football League. Wilson had a seven-year career playing defensive end for the San Francisco 49ers, Denver Broncos, New Orleans Saints, and the Chicago Bears.
Troy Wilson attended Pittsburg State University from 1989 to 1992, helping Pittsburg State win the 1991 NCAA Division II national championship.
Wilson was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the 7th round (194th overall) of the 1993 NFL Entry Draft. Wilson was a member of the 1994 San Francisco 49ers Super Bowl championship team.
Wilson played for the Tampa Bay Storm in the Arena Football League in 2002 and 2003. They were a member of the 2003 Arena Bowl championship team.
References
External links
Troy Wilson Arena Football League profile at ArenaFan.com
1970 births
Living people
American football defensive linemen
Players of American football from Kansas
Chicago Bears players
Denver Broncos players
New Orleans Saints players
Sportspeople from Topeka, Kansas
Pittsburg State Gorillas football players
San Francisco 49ers players
Tampa Bay Storm players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
The program of the Boy Scouts of America is administered through 253 local councils, with each council covering a geographic area that may vary from a single city to an entire state. Each council receives an annual charter from the National Council and is usually incorporated as a charitable organization. Most councils are administratively divided into districts that directly serve Scout units.
Councils fall into one of four regions: Western, Central, Southern, and Northeast. Each region is then subdivided into areas. The total number of councils depends on how they are counted:
There are 253 individual local councils
Direct Service covers units outside of local councils— although technically not a council it is assigned a council number
Greater New York Councils has five boroughs, each with an assigned council number
Michigan Crossroads Council has four field service councils, each with an assigned council number
Organization
The council level organization is similar to that of the National Council. Councils are headed by a collective of three people known as the 'Key 3'. The Key 3 consists of the Scout executive, a paid employee who administers a staff of professional Scouters; a council president, a volunteer, serves as the chairperson of a volunteer board of directors; and a council commissioner, also a volunteer, coordinates the efforts of trained volunteers who provide direct service to the units (Cub Scout packs, Scouts BSA troops, etc.).
The council executive board is headed by the council president and is made up of annually elected local community leaders. The board establishes the council program and carries out the resolutions, policies, and activities of the council. Board members serve without pay and some are volunteer Scouters working at the unit level. Youth members may be selected to the council executive board according to the council by-laws.
The Scout executive manages council operations—including finance, property management, advancement and awards, registrations, and Scout Shop sales—with a staff of other professionals and para-professionals. Volunteer commissioners lead the unit service functions of the council, help maintain the standards of the BSA, and assures a healthy unit program.
Councils are divided into districts with leadership provided by the district executive, district chairperson, and the district commissioner. Districts are directly responsible for the operation of Scouting units and, except for the district executive, are mostly staffed with volunteers. The voting members of each district consist of volunteer representatives from each chartered organization having at least one BSA unit, plus annually elected members-at-large who in turn elect the district chairperson. Boroughs and districts are subdivisions of the local council and do not have a separate corporate status.
History
At the time of its incorporation in 1910, and for the first three years of the BSA's existence, local councils were formed by any group of men who felt that a Scouting council was needed in their community. Later, local councils could only be formed by charter.
In 1913, the first local council charters were issued to first-class and second-class councils.
First class councils were located in America's largest cities at that time: New York City, Boston, Washington DC, and Chicago. Other locations received charters to operate "Area Councils," which served entire states and portions of other states: Philadelphia, Atlanta, Denver, Seattle, Los Angeles, and various others.
At first, local councils were known by names rather than by numbers. The practice of giving a name to a council (e.g., Portland Council in Maine, formed in 1925) continued until Scouting underwent an explosion of interest in the late 1920s/early 1930s, which resulted in a larger number of local councils being formed. BSA records note that more than 100 local councils were formed in 1931 alone.
Local councils vary in size, sometimes dramatically. Thatcher Woods Council in the western suburbs of Chicago, for example, consisted of eleven city blocks and a small county forest tract. Santa Ana's Orange County Council is defined by the borders of Orange County and encompasses a large, densely populated urban area. The Katahdin Area Council of north-central Maine consists of nearly 18,000 square miles and represents almost one-third of the population and two-thirds of the land area of the state of Maine; it is the largest council east of the Mississippi River. The Philippines Council encompassed the entire Philippines archipelago, making it one of the few councils that comprised an entire nation.
By the end of the 1930s, the BSA had catalogued more than 750 local councils, which made managing and tracking individual "named" councils challenging. In order to better track organizational growth, in the early 1940s the national office undertook a study to determine the best way to manage the myriad councils that now made up the organization.
The first phase of the BSA's restructuring occurred in 1945. At first, the nation had been divided into eight districts. That year, the BSA divided the nation into twelve regions, each with a Roman numeral to distinguish themselves from the council number (Region I - XII). Councils in each Region were identified by headquarters city and state. A resolution at the National Meeting in 1945 obligated the BSA to assign council numbers only to those councils within the continental US; those councils located outside the United States were not assigned a council number. In 1949 there were 543 councils.
In 1959, the addition of Alaska and Hawaii as the 49th and 50th states, respectively, disrupted the numbering system and made it much less prominent. Councils generally resumed use of geographical names (e.g., the Flint River Council or the Four Lakes Council) and provided their council number only when giving annual data to the central organization. Use of numbers to identify councils fell into further disuse when some of the smaller local councils found that it was in their best interest to combine with neighboring councils; for example, the Cumberland Council in Somerset, Kentucky combined with the Bluegrass Council in Lexington, Kentucky, and three Councils in northwest Texas combined to become the Northwest Texas Council.
As a result of such mergers, by 1960 the BSA had 490 local Councils, a significant reduction from 532 in 1932. Circa 1960, the BSA renumbered all local Councils in alphabetical order by state and headquarters city. That numbering system remains in use today. In this sequence, Council "Number 1" (not the 'oldest BSA Council') was originally called the Choccolocco Council that was headquartered in Anniston, Alabama. That Council, combined with two others, now forms the Greater Alabama Council, headquartered from Huntsville, Alabama. There were several breaks in the numbering sequence, resulting in the highest numeric designation being council 639, the Jim Bridger Council in Wyoming.
Councils outside the US were given numbers that began with 800, which was assigned to the Direct Service Council. Council number 801 was assigned to the Panama Canal Zone Council; 802 was assigned to the EUCOM (later Transatlantic Council); 803 was assigned to the Far East Council; 804 was assigned to the Philippines Area Council; and 805 was initially assigned to Saudi Arabia and parts of the Middle East. Later, this region was restored to the supervision of the Direct Service Council and the number retired.
The BSA also encouraged districts within a council to be in numerical order by the closeness to the Council office, and units were "recommended to be numbered according to the District in which they reside". However, in 1975 the BSA changed its policy and authorized individual councils to provide local numbers as they saw fit.
In 1967 the BSA expanded its council numbers above 639, when it allowed the Greater New York Councils, consisting of the five boroughs in New York City along with the City itself their own Council number (NYC, #640; then in alphabetical order, Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island). In 1971, the BSA started a new row of Council numbers starting with the Rainbow Council in Morris, Illinois (#702).
In 1976, the BSA allowed the Boston Council and the other councils surrounding Boston (Cambridge, Minuteman, and North Bay) to form a "consolidated council" similar to the way that New York City and the five boroughs were organized. This consolidated council was designated as council 850. However, the effort failed and the councils split again in 1979; eventually the Boston, Cambridge and Minuteman merged into the Boston Minuteman Council, while North Bay became part of the Yankee Clipper, until Boston Minuteman and Yankee Clipper merged to become the Spirit of Adventure Council.
Councils by size
The BSA categorizes councils by size. Currently, there are five categories of council: (1) Mega Councils (the top 20 local Councils by youth membership and units), (2) Metro Councils (the next 20 or so local Councils), (3) Medium Councils, (4) Small Market Councils, and (5) Community Councils, which are the smallest, normally taking in large neighborhoods or one or two cities. Geographically, a council like the Montana Council serving most of the state of Montana, or the Midnight Sun Council serving the interior of Alaska have the largest coverage areas, but relatively few Scouts. Council size may also fluctuate because of mergers, like the repeated merger and splitting of the Monterey Bay Area Council (#025) and the Santa Clara County Council (#055).
Largest councils
Smallest councils
The Piedmont Council is the last small council after the Alameda Council and Cambridge Council merged with larger councils.
Unique councils
The Greater New York Councils is the only council in the nation divided into smaller councils. It is divided into five borough councils with each led by a field director and one or more district directors or district executives. Conversely, due to Scouting population and geographic distance, the Utah National Parks Council is organized into 39 districts divided among 12 geographic sectors, with each led by a volunteer assistant vice president and assistant council commissioner with each sector.
The organization of the councils in Area 2 of the Central Region is unique to Michigan. The Michigan Crossroads Council was created by the merger of nine councils in the lower peninsula of Michigan. It was a coordinating council that oversaw properties, personnel, and program. This MCC was then split into four sub-councils or "Field Service Councils" which were then divided into districts. In 2019, plans to combine the four sub- councils into two regions we're announced. The lower peninsula, excluding parts of Berrien and Cass county, is now all under the Michigan Crossroads Council.
Overseas areas
The BSA charters two councils for American Scouts living overseas, largely on military bases in Europe and Asia. The Transatlantic Council, headquartered in Brussels, Belgium, serves BSA units in much of Europe, Africa, Middle East, and Central Asia. While the Far East Council, headquartered at Camp Zama in Japan, serves units in the western Pacific areas, including Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, China, Okinawa, Thailand, Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, India, Vietnam, Australia, New Zealand, Cambodia, Indonesia and Bangladesh. The Aloha Council in Hawaii also serves BSA units in the American territories of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands and in the sovereign countries of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Marshall Islands, and Palau.
The Direct Service branch enables U.S. citizens and their dependents abroad to access Scouting programs in other locations and in isolated areas, including the Interamerican Region (North, Central, and South America, and the Caribbean). Direct Service is managed by the National Capital Area Council.
Defunct councils
The local councils have gone through thousands of name changes, merges, splits and re-creations since the establishment of the Boy Scouts of America in 1910.
See also
Council shoulder patch
Local council camps of the Boy Scouts of America
External links
Notes
References
Shalini Singh is an Indian journalist. They were principal correspondent for The Week newsweekly in Delhi. They were part of the Delhi bureau writing on a range of news features and social trends with a focus on gender and women's issues, arts, and culture. On a Centre for Science and Environment fellowship in 2010, Shalini exposed the illegal mining in Goa and the devastation caused from unplanned tourism.
Singh is a founding member of the CounterMedia Trust and a regular contributor to the People's Archive of Rural India.
 They are a fellow at the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University for 2017-2018.
Awards
For their work on environmental issues Singh received The Indian Express' Ramnath Goenka award in 2013 and the first Cushrow Irani Prize given by The Statesman in 2011. Them citation for the Prem Bhatia award in 2012 commended them for their "vigilance, humane perspective and tenacity to pursue the issues that matter".
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Indian women journalists
Indian newspaper journalists
Journalists from Delhi
Women writers from Delhi
21st-century Indian women writers
21st-century Indian journalists
Podbreg () is a small settlement in the upper Vipava Valley, next to Podnanos, in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Podbreg at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Gloria CFR Galați was a football club based in Galaţi, Galați County, Romania. It was founded in 1932 and dissolved in 1970.
History
The club was founded in 1932 January 1, at the initiative of the railroad workers from Galați, after the merger of Șoimii Gloria (founded in 1927) with CFR. The initial colours of the jersey's were yellow-blue. The club's initial name was Asociația Sportivă și Culturală (Cultural and Sports Association).
Until 1936 the team plays in the districtual championship after which it promotes to the Divizia C. One year later it qualifies to the Divizia B and after two more seasons, Gloria promotes to the Divizia A. At this level, it manages to play for two seasons, until 1941. In 1942, because of WW II, the championship is interrupted, with the club on the 2nd position of the table.
In 1946, after the war, Gloria missed the chance of a quick come-back to the Divizia A, after it lost the play-off against Prahova Ploieşti, 2–5 overall.
During the 1946–1951 period the club plays in the Divizia B, and changes its name two times, CFR (1948) and Locomotiva (1950). In 1951 it relegates, but manages to come back in 1955, only to relegate at the end of the season. From now forward, the role of this old club weekends gradually as new clubs appear with superior organizational structure.
In 1957, the club came back to its traditional name of Gloria CFR, but with no big success, not being able to pass the Divizia C where it was seen almost regularly, until 1970, after which it disappears.
Great players: J. Lăpușneanu, Justin Apostol, E. Prasler, Șt. Cucula, M. Rădulescu, I. Bodea, Șt. Cârjan, Guță Tănase, C. Comșa, M. Tudose, Zapis I, Zapis II, Ivanov, Ad. Popa, C. Voroncovchi.
In 1988 the name of Gloria CFR reappears after Dunărea CSU Galaţi is renamed (with no relations with the old club), but only until 1994 when its renamed again, to FC Constant, and in 1995 back to Dunărea Galați.
Honours
Liga I:
Winners (0):, Best finnish: 10th 1939–40
Liga II:
Winners (1): 1938–39
Liga III:
Winners (0):
Runners-up (1): 1936–37
Notable players
Alexandru Tănase
Manole Rădulescu
Jean Lăpușneanu
Justin Apostol
Adrian Oprea
Adrian Bontea
Haralambie Antohi
Adalbert Demeny
Andrei Szutor
Aurel Horotan
Constantin Surugiu
Constantin Jarca
Constantin Bărbulescu
Ernest Prassler
Gheorghe Ionescu
Gheorghe Iordăchescu
Ioan Bodea
Ioan Kiss
Ştefan Cucula
Ştefan Milea
Ştefan Zapis
Teofil Topa
Tiberiu Kocsiardy
Victor Mihăilescu
Victor Pancoff
Victor Setel
Mircea Tudose
Ladislau Strock 3
Nicolae Găman
Octavian Comşa
Association football clubs established in 1932
Association football clubs disestablished in 1970
Defunct football clubs in Romania
Football clubs in Galați County
Liga I club
Liga II clubs
Sport in Galați
1932 establishments in Romania
1970 disestablishments in Romania
The Atlantic League was a minor league baseball league that operated between 1896 and 1900 in the Northeastern United States. It was the successor of the Pennsylvania State League, which had operated from 1892 to 1895. The name has subsequently been reused twice, for another short-lived league in 1914, and for a contemporary independent minor league.
History
League champions
In 1896, eight teams competed; at any point in time, there were six teams active.
In 1899 and 1900, there were only six teams active at season's end.
Source:
Teams
Notes:
In 1896, New Haven disbanded on July 12; Lancaster entered the league on July 13; New York was expelled on July 13 and was replaced by Philadelphia.
In 1899, Paterson disbanded on July 4, and Scranton followed on July 9.
In 1900, Philadelphia moved to Harrisburg on June 4; Newark and Jersey City disbanded on June 2; the league disbanded on June 14.
Source:
Results by season
Teams denoted in italics disbanded during the season.
1896 (Class A)
April 23–September 13
New York was 30–32 when replaced by Philadelphia
1897 (Class A)
April 26–September 19
1898 (Class B)
April 25–September 10
1899 (Class A)
April 27–August 6
1900 (Class A)
April 30–June 14
Philadelphia was 10–11 when replaced by Harrisburg
Soby Cup
The Soby Cup, made of silver, was given to the league by tobacco business person Charles Soby of Hartford, Connecticut, in September 1896. In its first season, the cup was to be awarded to the winner of a postseason series between the league's top two teams; in subsequent years, the holder of the cup would play a series against the league's top finishing team.
Standings at the end of the 1896 season, which had Newark finishing first, were formally protested by the Paterson team, claiming that some of Newark's games were actually exhibitions. With that protest pending, the next two teams in the standings—Paterson and Hartford—arranged to play a series for the Soby Cup. Paterson won the seven-game series, four games to two. The protested standings were not ruled upon until the league's annual meeting in late November; despite inconsistencies in record-keeping, Newark was declared the pennant winner.
Following the 1897 season, the Soby Cup series should have been contested between Lancaster, that year's top team, and Paterson, who had won the cup in 1896. However, league officials decided to have the top two teams of 1897—Lancaster and Newark—play for the cup. After Lancaster and Newark could not agree to terms for a series, the Soby Cup was awarded to Lancaster, the pennant winner.
Prior to the 1898 season, the league abolished the postseason Soby Cup series, and returned to the cup to its donor. By 1951, the cup was at the Baseball Hall of Fame, where it remains .
Notable players
Notable players in the Atlantic League (1896–1900) include:
Oyster Burns
Bill Carrick
Bill Clymer
Joe Delahanty
Ned Garvin
Dan Kerwin
Fred Ketchum
Sam Leever
John Newell
Jerry Nops
Hal O'Hagan
Casey Patten
Socks Seybold
Lee Viau
Tom Vickery
Honus Wagner
Piggy Ward
Harry Wilhelm
Rasty Wright
Joe Yeager
See also
Atlantic Association
References
Defunct minor baseball leagues in the United States
Sport leagues established in 1896
1896 establishments in the United States
1900 disestablishments in the United States
Joseph Burroughs (1 January 1685 – 23 November 1761) was an English Baptist minister.
Biography
They were born in London, on 1 January 1685, of wealthy parents, their father being Humphreys Burroughs. They were educated under Rev. John Kerr, M.D. (a pupil of Thomas Doolittle), at Highgate, where they were class-fellow with John Ward; and at the university of Leyden. In 1714 they received a call to be co-pastor with Richard Allen at the Barbican. They declined the call to the pastorate, but undertook to act as preacher, and on Allen's death they became pastor. They were ordained on 1 May 1717. John Gale, and subsequently the famous James Foster, became their colleagues. Their views of believers' baptism were sufficiently strict to place them with the party of close communion; but their general sentiments were not those of a narrow man. They were a non-subscriber at Salters' Hall in 1719. They allowed Emlyn, the unitarian, to occupy their pulpit.
Their studies abroad had given them facility in speaking and preaching in French; and in 1734 they preached in Latin to the ministers of the three denominations at their annual meeting in Dr Williams's Library, then at Redcross Street. This discourse is printed in their volume of sermons. They died on 23 November 1761.
Works
Their publications were:
A Sermon occasioned by a total Eclipse of the Sun, 22 April (1715).
Funeral Sermon for Rev. John Gale (1722).
Sermon at Ordination of Deacons (1730).
Sermons preached before the Societies for the Reformation of Manners (1731).
Sermon on the Popish Doctrine of Auricucular Confession and Plenary Absolution (1735).
A View of Popery taken from the Creed of Pope Pius IV (1735).
Sermons (1741).
Two Discourses relating to Positive Institutions (1742).
A Defence of the last piece (1743).
Funeral Sermon for Rev. John Weatherly (1752).
Funeral Sermon for Rev. Isaac Kimber (1755).
They also edited the posthumous sermons of Joseph Morris, Baptist minister at Glasshouse Yard, prefixing a memoir, in 1753.
References
English Baptist ministers
1685 births
1761 deaths
Elections were held in Oxford County, Ontario on October 27, 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
Oxford County Council
County council consists of the mayors of the municipalities plus two "city and county" councillors from Woodstock.
Blandford-Blenheim
East Zorra-Tavistock
Ingersoll
Norwich
South-West Oxford
Tillsonburg
Woodstock
Zorra
References
Oxford
Oxford County, Ontario
Matthew Godfrey may refer to:
Matt Godfrey (born 1981), American boxer
Matt Godfrey (angler) (born 1991), English angler
Matthew Godfrey (actor) (born 1971), Canadian actor
The men's road race at the 1983 UCI Road World Championships was the 50th edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 4 September 1983 in Altenrhein, Switzerland, over a distance of . The race was won by Greg LeMond of the United States.
117 riders started, there were 46 classified finishers, and the winner's average speed was .
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
1983 Super Prestige Pernod
Bob Duckworth is an American politician.
Bob Duckworth may also refer to:
Bobby Duckworth (born 1958), American football player
Robert Duckworth (1870–1924), English footballer
Bob Duckworth (speedway rider) (born 1929), New Zealand speedway rider
Khubar () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Khubarsky Selsoviet, Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,304 as of 2010. There are 27 streets.
Geography
Khubar is located 13 km southeast of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Guni and Gertma are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Shotgun Blossom is the debut album by New Zealand indie rock group Snapper. It was released via Avalanche Records.
Critical reception
AllMusic wrote that "[Peter] Gutteridge and Dominic Stones' guitar work balanced between minimal obsessiveness and brawling, massive soloing, the latter kept as part of the mix instead of the standout element ('Eyes That Shine' is a perfect example of this, with its snarl/buzzsaw opening notes and almost liquid melodies flowing through the noise)." The Guardian called the album "harsh and hard and droning and unrelenting."
Track listing
"Pop Your Top"
"Can"
"Telepod Fly"
"Eyes That Shine"
"Dead Pictures"
"What Are You Thinking"
"Hot Sun"
"I Don't Know"
"Emmanuelle"
"Dry Spot"
"Rain"
Personnel
Snapper
Alan Haig – drums
Dominic Stones – guitar
Peter Gutteridge – guitar, keyboards, vocals, production
Christine Voice – keyboards, vocals, artwork
Additional personnel
Brent McLachlan – engineering, production
References
Snapper (band) albums
1990 albums
Flying Nun Records albums
Dunedin Sound albums
Devon is a surname.
Those bearing it includes:
Devon (1977–), adult film actor
Richard Devon (1926–2010), American character actor
Mari Devon (born 1960), American voice actor a.k.a. Jane Alan
Dayna Devon (born 1970)
Lyn Devon (fl. c. 2000)
See also
Samuel Devons
Ely Devons
Charles Devens
Dorothy Shepard was a modernist designer noted for their work for Philip K. Wrigley establishing Catalina Island, California as a tourist destination and advertising Wrigley's Chewing Gum.
Biography
Born Dorothy Van Gorder in 1906 to Arthur Grant Van Gorder and Jessie Van Gorder of Berkeley, California, they showed an early aptitude for learning, art, dance, and theater. They graduated from high school as class valedictorian in less than 3 years. Then at California School of Arts and Crafts, they once again graduated in 3 years and was again class valedictorian. In 1927, just after their graduation, they were hired as an artist at Foster & Kleiser Advertising in San Francisco.
Dorothy and their husband Otis were hired by Philip K. Wrigley to be the creative team for all of their corporate interests. In 1936 Wrigley asked Dorothy to spearhead the development of newly acquired advertising space in Times Square in New York City. They designed a massive neon Wrigley display – eight stories tall and one block long – one of the largest neon installations ever built, even to this day. The sign depicted a fish blowing bubbles as part of the advertisement for Wrigley chewing gum. The next year, they won a National Advertising Council Award for the billboard. They also won a prize for their advertisement for Pabst beer.
In 1934, Shepard and their husband went to Catalina Island at the request of P.K. Wrigley. Shepard and their husband Otis designed the street signage, interior designs, tile design, textiles, murals, the staff uniforms, leaflets, pamphlets, and advertisements found throughout the island.
Personal life
They married Otis Shepard in 1929. While they would reunite later in life, Dorothy divorced Otis in the 1940's. They came to be together again in the early 1960's, remaining together until Otis's death in 1969. Dorothy Shepard died in December of 2000, in Belvedere, CA.
Further reading
References
1906 births
2000 deaths
American women illustrators
Women in advertising
Women graphic designers
Kisdobsza is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Many children in Vietnam have to work to support their families rather than being able to attend school.
The Labor newspaper reported that 30 percent of Vietnamese children between the age of six to seventeen join the labor force. Most children stay close to home to help their family business. However, a report released by the Ministry of Labor – Invalid and Social Affairs in 2008 showed that there are 26,027 children that are in hard labor conditions in hazardous environment such as gold mines, timber operations or cargo transport. The actual number could be much larger as children employed as domestic servants, restaurant assistants or children working on the streets as beggars, shoes shiners or newspaper and lottery sellers were not covered in the report. The report also revealed that up to 62 out of 173 manufacturing factories in Ho Chi Minh City employed child laborers, 50 percent of whom are below 15 years old. The working environment of the employed generally includes long hours of work, low wages, poor facilities and even physical and mental abuse.
In December 2014, the U.S. Department of Labor's List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor reported bricks and garments as goods produced in such working conditions in Vietnam.
Although Vietnamese law prohibits the employment of children under the age of 15, the system has too many loopholes to provide children with the level of protection that they really need. These laws are not aggressively enforced, allowing employers to continue employing child labor without any ramifications. In addition, child labor remains a controversial issue in Vietnam as many people believe that children should share the workload and household responsibilities with their family. These are just a few reasons why child labor is still a serious problem in Vietnam. However, attitudes towards child labor are shifting. The Vietnamese government has been putting in more effort to tackle the problem. For example, Vietnam has been teaming up with the International Labor Organization to raise public awareness on children protection, bringing children back to school and helping rescued children.
References
Vietnam
Labour
Labor in Vietnam
Poverty in Vietnam
Human rights abuses in Vietnam
Austin Rashad Walter (born August 17, 1996) is an American football running back for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Rice.
College career
Walter played college football at Rice, where they rushed for 1,744 yards and 13 touchdowns, averaging 5.1 yards per carry; they also had 79 receptions for 803 yards, and in their senior season, averaged 27.3 yards on 18 kickoff returns.
Professional career
San Francisco 49ers
Walter went undrafted in the 2019 NFL Draft. They signed with the San Francisco 49ers on May 4, 2019 after a tryout with the team. They were waived by the 49ers on August 31, 2019.
New York Giants
On September 18, 2019, Walter was signed to the New York Giants practice squad. Following injuries to starting running back Saquon Barkley and backup Wayne Gallman, Walter was promoted to the 53-man roster on October 10, 2019, but then waived the next day.
Dallas Renegades
On November 22, 2019, Walter was drafted by the Dallas Renegades in the 2020 XFL Supplemental Draft. They had their contract terminated when the league suspended operations on April 10, 2020.
San Francisco 49ers (second stint)
On September 23, 2020, Walter was signed to the San Francisco 49ers' practice squad. They were elevated to the active roster on November 5 for the team's week 9 game against the Green Bay Packers, and reverted to the practice squad after the game. They were promoted to the active roster on November 11, 2020. They were placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list by the team on December 17, 2020, and activated on December 28. On February 8, 2021, the 49ers signed them to a one-year contract extension. They were waived on May 12, 2021.
New York Jets
Walter was claimed off waivers by the New York Jets on May 13, 2021. They were waived/injured on August 17, 2021 and placed on injured reserve. They were released on August 26. Walter was re-signed to the practice squad on October 5, 2021. Walter played their first game for the Jets against the Houston Texans on November 28, 2021 and rushed for 38 yards on 9 carries, including their first NFL touchdown. On December 4, 2021, Walter was elevated from the practice squad for the game against the Philadelphia Eagles. On December 7, 2021, Walter was promoted to the active roster. They were waived on May 6, 2022.
Las Vegas Raiders
On July 29, 2022, Walter signed with the Las Vegas Raiders. A few days later, in the 2022 Pro Football Hall of Fame game, Walter scored a touchdown against the Jacksonville Jaguars. On August 30, 2022, Walter was waived by the Raiders and then signed to the practice squad the next day.
References
1996 births
Living people
American football running backs
Rice Owls football players
San Francisco 49ers players
New York Giants players
People from Crosby, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Sportspeople from Harris County, Texas
Dallas Renegades players
New York Jets players
Las Vegas Raiders players
Roderick Leon Bieleski (3 August 1931 – 15 November 2016) was a New Zealand plant physiologist. As a botanist and horticulturist, their research focussed on understanding the factors that affected the behaviour of plants, in particular horticultural crops. Their work had practical relevance to farmers and orchardists in building their understanding of these factors and taking account of them while making a living from growing and harvesting plants. They received many honours and awards, culminating in being appointed Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit (MNZM) in 2010.
Early life and education
Born in Auckland on 3 August 1931, Bieleski attended Orakei Primary School and Auckland Grammar before entering Auckland University College in 1950. They graduated with a BSc in chemistry and botany in 1952 and an MSc with 1st Class Honours in 1955. In 1956 they completed Biochemistry III at the University of Sydney while undertaking a PhD on the process of sugar transport in sugar cane which they completed in 1958.
Career
Bieleski began work as a researcher at the New Zealand Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR) in 1958, retiring in 1996. From 1980 to 1988 they were the director of the DSIR's division of horticulture and processing.
Selected research
Bieleski has been described as a "botanist and horticulturist who used the tools of chemistry, biochemistry and plant physiology to develop an understanding of the behaviour of plants in general and of horticultural crops in particular...whose work focussed on the nutrition of plants, the allocation and redistribution of both mineral and carbohydrate nutrients and the responses to stress and senescence."
Uptake and movement of nutrients in plants
Bieleski researched the uptake of sugars by plants and saw it as being important in horticultural physiology because it related to the movement of carbohydrates within plants and their accumulation in fruit. They were involved in research that explored the differences between sorbitol and sucrose in how they transport carbohydrates in the leaves of young apricot plants and intact apple plants. The significance of this study in translocation behaviour was later to become a focus for Bielesky in studies on phloem physiology. In 1996 they researched how phosphate, sulfate and sucrose were accumulated in phloem tissues and concluded that phosphate was accumulated principally in an inorganic form, and the variability in rates of uptake by different minerals, played an important role in the translocation process.
In 2000, Bieleski published an article that highlighted the importance of understanding how phloem transports are manipulated to achieve good yields in horticulture and noted that examination of the plants' behaviour, provides insight into senescence and cell death.
Responses to stress
How plants responded to stress caused by nutrient deficiency or water was a research focus for Bieleski. White clover was shown to have responded well to a water deficit because of increased levels of the cyclitol pinitol as an osmoprotectant which provided high levels of useable carbohydrate. The study concluded that more research could establish further the contribution "[that] greater relative abundance of pinitol leaves makes to dryland habitat survival."
Plant senescence
Bieleski's research also investigated physiological changes to plants during senescence. One study completed in 1991 looked at changes during senescence in a Daylily ephemeral flower. The research concluded that senescence in these flowers could be more associated with loss of membrane function, rather than being controlled by ethylene. A further conclusion was that studying the senescence of flowers offers a model that has much in common with fruit ripening because the process often happens quickly and in naturally occurring well-defined climacteric stages that are not too affected by ageing behaviour from storage of waste materials or exposure to weather.
Associations
Bieleski became a Foundation Member of the Friends of the Auckland Botanic Gardens in 1983, joined the Executive Committee in 1997 and was President from 1999 to 2001. They were editor of the group's newsletter, The Auckland Garden, from 1999 to 2016. Bieleski explained that they were involved in the establishment of the group before 1977, "[as they saw it] ...to keep the 'scientific' aspect of true botanic gardens from being swamped into a general 'pretty park' development." In 2019, The Auckland Gardner noted that a new seat has been installed in the Camellia Garden and dedicated to the memory Bieleski. Their dedication and work in the organisation were recognised and members of their family spoke about their commitment to the Garden.
In their role as Chairman, of the Editorial Advisory Board, New Journal of Crop and Horticultural Science, Bieleski drew attention in 1991 to the uncertainty about the future of science publishing in New Zealand, wondering if scientists were spending too much time "writing material that is peripheral to the main purpose of science...[which is]...doing research and communicating the results." They presented on this topic at a workshop held by the Royal Society of New Zealand on 19 November 1991 and stressed that it was important for scientific journals to be clear about their areas of specialisation and attract quality contributions, "[because] the publishing of science is a totally integral part of scientific research, part of the intellectual process of science - converting data to knowledge."
From 1992 to 1995 Bieleski was President of the New Zealand Society for Horticultural Science.
Bieleski was a member of the Institute Council responsible for directing the management of the Auckland Museum from 1990 to 1996, and then of the new Museum Board from 1996 to 1999.
In 1985 they were a founding trustee of the New Zealand Camellia Trust, and "from 1996 until shortly before their death, they were Registrar of the Camellia Society, responsible for registering new camellia cultivars bred in New Zealand." They were a regular contributor to the New Zealand Camellia Bulletin, and the International Camellia Journal.
Awards and honours
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand in 1973, and won the society's Hector Medal in 1984.
Bieleski was an Honorary Fellow at The New Zealand Institute of Agricultural and Horticultural Science Incorporated, awarded to recognise "distinguished members who have made outstanding contributions to agricultural or horticultural science and, in addition, have rendered eminent service to the Institute."
They were awarded a DSc by thesis by the University of Sydney in 1990, and they were appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to horticultural science in the 2010 New Year Honours.
Bieleski died in Takapuna on 15 November 2016.
Publications
Mechanisms of regulation of plant growth (1974): A series of papers presented at an International Plant Physiology Symposium held at Massey University, 13-18 August 1973, and co-edited by Bieleski in a book published in the Bulletin Series, Royal Society of New Zealand.
Feijoas: Origins, Cultivation and Uses (2002): Co-authored by Bieleski, this book is a guide for growers of feijoas.
Experimental studies on factors affecting growth and distribution of kauri (Agathis australis Salisb). Auckland University MSc thesis 1955.
A taste of New Zealand: food industry and research(1984): R L Bieleski, New Zealand. Department of Scientific and Industrial Research
References
1931 births
2016 deaths
20th-century New Zealand botanists
University of Auckland alumni
University of Sydney alumni
People associated with Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (New Zealand)
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
21st-century New Zealand botanists
Scientists from Auckland
Butte County is a rural county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,574, making it the third-least populous county in Idaho. Its county seat and largest city is Arco. The county was established in 1917 from parts of Bingham, Blaine, and Jefferson counties. The county gained territory in the Clyde area from Custer County in 1937 to reach its present boundary.
History
The first settlement in Butte County occurred about south of the present town site of Arco in 1878. The settlement was then known by the names of Kennedy Crossing and Lower Crossing of the Lost River and was located in eastern Alturas County. Once the post office was established in 1879, the settlement became known as Arco.
The ghost town of Era was settled in 1885. Settlement of Antelope, Martin and Island (now Moore) also occurred prior to 1890. Alturas county established precincts for all five Butte County settlements existing at the 1890 census containing a combined population of 389. The settlements became part of Blaine County in 1895. Blaine County created precincts for all of the settlements except Martin and added a precinct for Clyde. At the 1900 census, the five precincts totaled 714 residents increasing to 1787 in 1910. Construction of a railroad from Blackfoot to Mackay resulted in relocation of the town of Arco to its present site in 1901.
Butte County is included in the Idaho Falls, ID Metropolitan Statistical Area. Much of the eastern part of the county is the vast Idaho National Laboratory, which extends eastward into neighboring counties.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
The Little Lost River is located in Butte County. Its waters, along with the Big Lost River, disappear from the surface to flow underground into the Snake River Plain aquifer in Butte County.
The county was named for the volcanic buttes that rise from the desert plain; the largest is Big Southern Butte, located in the southern part of the county. It rises above the desert floor and was used as a landmark by pioneers.
The southwestern portion of the county includes the visitor center at the Craters of the Moon National Monument and Preserve, which extends south & west into three other counties.
Adjacent counties
Custer County - northwest
Lemhi County - northwest
Clark County - northeast
Jefferson County - east
Bingham County - southeast
Blaine County - southwest
Highways
US 20
US 26
US 93
SH-22
SH-33
National protected areas
Caribou-Targhee National Forest (part)
Craters of the Moon National Monument and Preserve (part)
Salmon-Challis National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,899 people, 1,089 households, and 802 families living in the county. The population density was 1 people per square mile (0/km2). There were 1,290 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.65% White, 0.28% Black or African American, 0.69% Native American, 0.24% Asian, 2.38% from other races, and 1.76% from two or more races. 4.14% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 25.3% were of English, 13.4% American, 8.5% German, 6.3% Irish and 5.5% Swedish ancestry.
There were 1,089 households, out of which 32.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.20% were married couples living together, 7.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.30% were non-families. 23.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.14.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.00% under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 24.00% from 25 to 44, 25.70% from 45 to 64, and 14.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 101.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,473, and the median income for a family was $36,950. Males had a median income of $37,750 versus $20,962 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,948. About 14.70% of families and 18.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.70% of those under age 18 and 8.10% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 2,891 people, 1,129 households, and 788 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,354 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.5% white, 0.4% American Indian, 0.2% Pacific islander, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 2.0% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.4% were English, 18.5% were German, 10.6% were American, 9.1% were Irish, 7.6% were Danish, and 7.2% were Scottish.
Of the 1,129 households, 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.8% were married couples living together, 7.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.2% were non-families, and 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 41.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,413 and the median income for a family was $47,225. Males had a median income of $42,500 versus $26,563 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,414. About 9.0% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 5.0% of those age 65 or over.
2016
As of 2016 the largest self-reported ancestries/ethnicities in Butte County, Idaho were:
Communities
Cities
Arco
Butte City
Moore
Unincorporated communities
Darlington
Lost River
Howe
Politics
Prior to 1976, Butte County only failed to back the national winner in 1944 in presidential elections between 1920 & 1972. Since 1968, the county has become a Republican Party stronghold, & especially so since 2000. No Democratic Party candidate has won a quarter of the county's votes since Bill Clinton in 1996.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Butte County, Idaho
References
External links
County Assessor Parcel Map
Idaho counties
1917 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1917
Robert Calhoun Burkholder (1826 – December 12, 1914) was a Virginia architect, Confederate soldier, and one of Campbell County, Virginia's three delegates in the Virginia General Assembly when it resumed after Congressional Reconstruction (1869-1871).
Early and family life
Robert Calhoun Burkholder was born in Lee County, Virginia on June 3, 1826 to James Burkholder and their wife, the former Mary Newton.
On November 20, 1852, they married Mary Elizabeth Crumpton (1836 -1906). They had ten children, of whom eight survived to adulthood, according to the 1900 census. Their sons included: Robert S. (b. 1859), William (b. 1864), Richard (b. 1866) and Francis John (b. 1867 and died as infant). Their daughters who survived childhood included Belle (b. 1854), Kate (b. 1856), Sallie (b. 1860), Mary Jo Burkholder Harrison (1861-1904) and Adna (b. 1870).
Career
By 1850, Burkholder had become a carpenter in Lynchburg, and was one of six young carpenters living with master carpenter Alfred Taylor and their family.
Two years later, they married their wife, but soon moved with their young family to Wytheville, Virginia. Their father-in-law persuaded them to return to Lynchburg, and gave them a lot that they had purchased on Daniel's Hill to build a home on. By 1860, Burkholder owned two male (aged 27 and 20) and two female slaves (aged 13 and 18) who lived with the family in Lynchburg.
Within a month after Virginia declared its secession in the American Civil War, Burkholder (although 35 years old) enlisted as a private in the Lynchburg Light artillery. Later, they were assigned duty as a hospital flight attendant in the city and promoted to corporal on February 28, 1862. They were discharged as overage on August 8, 1862.
After war ended, Burkholder remained in Lynchburg, and was elected as one of Campbell County's three delegates to the first session of the Virginia General Assembly after Congressional Reconstruction ended. The other delegates were Conservative Democrats John W. Daniel and their father-in-law Rufus Murrell. Daniel also represented creditors of Crumpton who sued Burkholder and other Crumpton relatives because Crumpton had died with debts but without finishing real estate transfer paperwork (prominent ex-Confederate and Republican John Singleton Mosby and their law partner represented Burkholder). Nonetheless, Burkholder finished the Y-shaped house by 1875, and it remains a historic structure in the Daniel's Hill Historic District today. The Virginia Supreme Court in 1872 threw out the case against the husband of Crumpton's daughter Una, and in 1878 decided that the Cabell Street house belonged to Burkholder, on equitable grounds because they had so improved the property.
Death and legacy
By the 1900 census, Burkholder farmed outside Lynchburg in Forest, Bedford County, Virginia. They lived with their wife of 48 years, as well as daughter-in-law Minna E. Burkholder and grandchildren Willie (age 13), Edward (age 9), Napier (age 8) and Minna (age 4). Their son Richard lived and farmed nearby with their own family. In 1910, the widower Burkholder lived with their unmarried daughters Kate B. (age 54) and Edna A. (age 40) and granddaughter Sarah (age 12); that census also indicated that they continued to do odd jobs as a laborer and that their house was rented. They died of nephritis in 1914 and was buried in Lynchburg's Spring Hill cemetery.
Many of the Victorian structures Burkholder designed and built remain in Lynchburg's historic districts today, including 3 in the Daniel's Hill district alone.
References
Further reading
Robert C. Burkholder of Lynchburg, Virginia: A Typical Victorian Architect (Charlottesville: University of Virginia, 1981)
1826 births
1914 deaths
Politicians from Lynchburg, Virginia
People from Lee County, Virginia
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
19th-century American architects
Architects from Virginia
Confederate States Army soldiers
People from Forest, Virginia
Peter Fibiger Bang (born 25 June 1973) is a Danish historian of Rome, empire, cross-cultural comparison and world history. Bang's main research interests are Roman economic history and imperial power, historical sociology and world history, as well as the reception of Classical culture in later ages.
Life
Born in Horsens, Denmark, in 1973, Bang studied History, Latin and Greek at the University of Aarhus from 1992 to 1999. In 1997, they were a visitor at the University of Leicester, where they studied Roman Archaeology. In 1999, they moved to Corpus Christi College, University of Cambridge, to work on their PhD in the Faculty of Classics. During the autumn of 2001, they were a visitor at the University of Chicago.
In 2002, Bang was appointed assistant professor in the department of history at the University of Copenhagen before defending their PhD in Cambridge in the summer of 2003. In 2005, they were made associate professor in Copenhagen and during the same year they initiated and was elected chair of a European-based research network, Tributary Empires Compared, to stimulate historical comparison between the Roman, Mughal and Ottoman Empires. This network was funded by COST till 2009.
During their employment in Copenhagen, Bang has been a visiting professor, fellow or academic affiliate at a range of institutions: at the University of Tübingen in summer 2004, at King's College, University of Cambridge in 2007, at the University of Heidelberg in summer 2011, at the Department of Classics, Stanford University in 2014, at the Centre for Advanced Study, Zhejiang University in 2017 and at the RomanIslam Centre, University of Hamburg in 2020.
Bang has authored, edited or co-edited thirteen volumes as of December 2021, as well as written a substantial number of articles, chapter contributions, reviews and essays. In addition to their academic activities, Bang writes on an occasional basis for the Danish newspaper, Weekendavisen.
Selected works
Ancient Economies, Modern Methodologies, Bari: Edipuglia, 2006 (co-editor),
The Roman Bazaar. A Comparative Study of Trade and Markets in a Tributary Empire, Cambridge University Press, 2008,
Tributary Empires in Global History, Palgrave, 2011, (co-editor)
Universal Empire. A Comparative Approach to Imperial Culture and Representation in Eurasian History, Cambridge University Press, 2012, (co-editor)
The Oxford Handbook of the State in the Ancient Near East and Mediterranean, Oxford University Press, 2013, (co-editor)
Irregulare Aliquod Corpus? Comparison, World History and the Historical Sociology of the Roman Empire, Copenhagen 2014,
The Oxford World History of Empire, 2 Vols. Oxford University Press 2021, (co-editor)
References
External links
Personal website at SAXO Institute, University of Copenhagen
Tributary Empires Compared – research project on empire and imperialism
1973 births
Living people
People from Horsens
21st-century Danish historians
Danish classical scholars
Aarhus University alumni
Scholars of Roman history
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
Sciota subcaesiella, the locust leafroller moth, is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in North America, including Maryland, New Jersey, Oklahoma, Iowa, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Maine, New Hampshire, New York, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, the District of Columbia, Virginia, Tennessee, Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas, Nova Scotia and Ontario.
The larvae feed on Robinia hispida, Robinia pseudoacacia, Robinia viscosa and Robinia nana.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Moths described in 1860
Phycitini
Moths of North America
The Americas Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2000.
In the Americas Zone there were four different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier. The top two teams in Group IV advanced to the Americas Zone Group III in 2001. All other teams remained in Group IV.
Participating nations
Draw
Venue: Club Hondureno Arabe, San Pedro Sula, Honduras
Date: 13–19 March
and promoted to Group III in 2001.
Results
Barbados vs. U.S. Virgin Islands
Bermuda vs. Saint Lucia
Eastern Caribbean vs. Honduras
Antigua and Barbuda vs. U.S. Virgin Islands
Barbados vs. Eastern Caribbean
Bermuda vs. Honduras
Antigua and Barbuda vs. Saint Lucia
Barbados vs. Bermuda
Eastern Caribbean vs. U.S. Virgin Islands
Antigua and Barbuda vs. Eastern Caribbean
Bermuda vs. U.S. Virgin Islands
Honduras vs. Saint Lucia
Antigua and Barbuda vs. Honduras
Barbados vs. Saint Lucia
Bermuda vs. Eastern Caribbean
Antigua and Barbuda v Bermuda
Barbados vs. Honduras
Saint Lucia vs. U.S. Virgin Islands
Antigua and Barbuda vs. Barbados
Eastern Caribbean vs. Saint Lucia
Honduras vs. U.S. Virgin Islands
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cup Americas Zone
Americas Zone Group IV
The Muséotrain or Le petit Train de Semur is operated by the Compagnie du Chemin de Fer de Semur en Vallon as a 4 km long narrow-gauge heritage railway with a gauge of in Semur-en-Vallon in France.
Route
The line runs from a three-track station to an engine shed, where historical rolling stock is exhibited, and in the other direction over a crossing to a loop in the forest.
History
In July 1968 an human-made lake with pedal boats and rowing boats as well as for fishing and swimming was put into operation as a leisure attraction. From 1972 onwards, initially only 500 metres long Decauville tracks were laid there, which had previously been salvaged at the Passeneaud company in Mondoubleau. At the beginning of the 1980s, the narrow-gauge railway was extended and a depot and museum for the growing collection of historic rail vehicles was built. A few years later, in 1990, the Muséotrain was created, and in 1995 a real railway station was inaugurated.
Museum
In the museum building, visitors can take a tour of the museum, which includes not only the rail vehicles but also 14 videos, six screenings of old films and three sound rooms. A unique exhibit is the crane bridges from the foundry in Saint-Pavin-des-Champs(fr) near Le Mans, which were originally built in 1850.
Operation
The Muséotrain with 40 seats per train will run daily from 5 July to 30 August 2020 and then on Sundays from 1 to 27 September 2020. For groups, special trips are also possible until the end of October by prior arrangement.
External links
www.lepetittraindesemur.com (Official website, French)
References
Heritage railways in France
600 mm gauge railways in France
Railway companies of France
Tourist attractions in Pays de la Loire
Railway lines opened in 1971
Transport in Pays de la Loire
Railway lines in Pays de la Loire
BKK Partners is a boutique investment bank that provides corporate advisory services including mergers and acquisitions, capital markets and strategic consulting. The firm was founded in 2009 by former Goldman Sachs JBWere bankers Alastair Walton, Andrew Stuart and John Anderson. BKK Partners currently has six managing directors including the former Treasurer of Australia, the Hon Peter Costello.
Recent transactions include:
Aston Resources - Acquisition of Maules Creek coking and thermal coal project (February 2010)
The GPT Group - Unwinding of structured interest rate swap portfolio (November 2009)
National Australia Bank - Acquisition of JB Were Private Wealth Management (July 2009)
See also
Corporate advisory
Investment bank
References
External links
Official Website
Investment banks
Financial services companies of Australia
The Beatles EP Collection is a box set of vinyl records by the English rock band the Beatles. It was released by EMI's Parlophone record label in the United Kingdom on 7 December 1981. The box set consists of thirteen of the band's extended play (EP) releases from 1963 to 1967, including the double EP Magical Mystery Tour, and a new disc, titled The Beatles, which compiled previously unavailable stereo mixes of four songs. Released with the Parlophone catalogue number BEP 14, the box set was the third in a series of format-based sets in the UK, after The Singles Collection 1962–1970 (1976) and The Beatles Collection (1978).
As with the 1978 collection, the set is packaged in a dark blue box, with gold lettering used for the compilation title and the four band members' signatures. All of the 1960s EPs are presented in their original sleeve designs, while The Beatles uses the artwork from the band's 1967 double A-side single "Strawberry Fields Forever" / "Penny Lane".
The four songs on the new EP (Parlophone SGE 1) are "The Inner Light", "Baby, You're a Rich Man", "She's a Woman" and "This Boy". In the case of "Baby, You're a Rich Man", the EP served as the debut UK release for the true stereo version of the track, which had previously been available only in mono or duophonic ("mock stereo") sound. Due to an error in the manufacturing process for The Beatles EP Collection, "This Boy" was originally issued in mono.
Box-set contents
Disc numbers and titles per Kenneth Womack's The Beatles Encyclopedia.
References
1981 compilation albums
The Beatles compilation albums
Parlophone compilation albums
Reissue albums
In Polynesian mythology, Ulupoka is the god of evil and demons. The god is most prevalent in Fiji. According to the tales, Ulupoka was decapitated during a battle with other gods. Their head fell to the earth but, due to their divine nature, they did not die. Their body would remain at their temple but their head now rolls around, causing mischief, illness, and death.
Notes
Fijian deities
Death gods
Evil gods
Demons
Peptidase M20 domain containing 1 is a circulating enzyme which in humans is encoded by the PM20D1 gene. PM20D1 regulates bioactive N-acyl amide lipids and has been implicated in obesity, type 2 diabetes, pain, and Alzheimer's disease.
Function
PM20D1 catalyzes the biosynthesis of N-fatty acyl amino acids from free fatty acids and free amino acids. Consequently PM20D1 is involved in the generation of potent bioactive lipid metabolites from two abundant cellular energy precursors.
PM20D1 is involved in energy homeostasis. In mice, PM20D1 is highly expressed and secreted into the blood by brown fat. Its expression in adipose tissues is increased following cold exposure. Genetic elevation of circulating PM20D1 in mice leads to accumulation of multiple circulating N-acyl amino acid species and a hypermetabolic phenotype. Conversely, PM20D1-KO exhibit bidirectional dysregulation of circulating N-acyl amino acids, insulin resistance, and glucose intolerance. Mechanistically, N-fatty acyl amino acids function as UCP1-independent uncouplers of mitochondrial respiration.
PM20D1 has also been implicated in neurological diseases. PM20D1 expression is increased both in vitro and in vivo following neurotoxic insults. Forced overexpression of PM20D1 in the hippocampus results in improved learning performance in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease whereas PM20D1 knockdown increases amyloid plaque load.
Clinical significance
In human visceral and subcutaneous adipocytes, PM20D1 is one of the most highly up-regulated genes by the anti-diabetic thiazolidinedione drug rosiglitazone, suggesting a potential role for this enzyme and/or N-fatty acyl amino acids in obesity and diabetes.
Methylation at or near the PM20D1 locus has been correlated to body mass index.
In humans, the PM20D1 locus has been associated with Alzheimer's disease.
References
Just You () is 2013 Taiwanese idol romantic-comedy television series. The television drama was produced by Toei Productions Limited starring Aaron Yan and Puff Kuo as the main leads. It was first aired on June 21, 2013 on Sanlih TV after Big Red Riding Hood and last aired on November 8, 2013. It also inspired the storyline for the Turkish romantic comedy Them Yerde Sen, which aired in 2019.
Synopsis
Qi Yi (Aaron Yan) is a fastidious young man who is afraid of germs and needs to have everything in their life in their own orderly fashion. After they give up a successful opportunity in New York, they return to Taiwan and decides to buy a small marketing design company called GAZE, and their old childhood home. The problem is that the home has a peppy tenant, Chen Liang Liang (Puff Kuo), who refuses to move out. When they arrive at their newly acquired company, Qi Yi discovers that Liang Liang also works for their company. The happy-go-lucky Liang Liang just wants everything to be stable in their life, but they realize that may be harder to maintain when their new boss starts making big changes in their workplace, including a notice stating that office romances will be prohibited. Slowly, Qi Yi starts to fall for Liang Liang, but sudden circumstances make Ding Jia Yu (Qi Yi's ex-girlfriend) come back into Qi Yi's life. Jia Yu plans to ruin things between Qi Yi and Liang Liang. Dean, an outgoing and charming friend of both, helps them solve the problems that arise due to Jia Yu. Dean soon falls for Liang Liang, though they don't reveal it and remains a supportive friend to them The office also has other staff members who later find their life partners within the office. Liang Liang helps Qi Yi and their father find Qi Yi's mother, whom they haven't had contact with for 20 years. For this, and other acts, Qi Yi's dad finds Liang Liang to be a nice person. But Jia Yu is acquainted with Qi Yi's mother. Jia Yu keeps making themselves seem like a victim of the choices she's made, causing Qi Yi to feel guilty and sympathize with them Because Qi Yi wants to make things right, they start paying more attention to Jia Yu's needs, ignoring Liang Liang and hurting them in the process. Jia Yu makes their friend Jerry cause trouble so they could make Qi Yi fall in love with them again. Jerry ends up kidnapping Liang Liang, and they find out that Jia Yu and Jerry ran off to the United States after Qi Yi proposed to them While Jia Yu only goes out of fear of being tied down, Jerry has true feelings for Jia Yu. To try and make them love him, Jerry does everything Jia Yu say. They end up using them to try and get back with Qi Yi. Liang Liang reveals their true feelings to Qi Yi in front of Jia Yu and the rest of the staff at GAZE. Qi Yi resigns as CEO of GAZE and becomes one of the directors of Hua Lian (a company GAZE is merging with). They promise Liang Liang that they will always stay by their side. Qi Yi's parents end up remarrying in a joint ceremony along with a couple from GAZE. After these events, Liang Liang thinks out loud about why Qi Yi hasn't proposed to her, deciding that if they won't than they will. Unbeknownst to her, Qi Yi is behind her, listening to their ramblings. They emerge and hands them a box. Inside is a ring placed inside a rose.
Cast
Main cast
Aaron Yan as Qi Yi
Puff Kuo as Cheng Liang Liang
Dean Fujioka as Dean Kamiya
Lyla Lin as Ding Jia Yu
Other Main Cast
Katherine Wang as Kate Liang
Tang Zhen-Gang as Alex
Extended cast
Rim Lin as Ou Lai En
Lin Yu-pin as Princess
Zeng Yun Rou as Meimei
Ke Ya Xin as Shi Cui Xia
Xie Qi Wen as Li Han Po
Shen Meng-sheng as Qi Yi's father
Xie Qiong Nuan as Qi Yi's mother
Wang Dao An as Cheng Shou An
Yang Li-yin as Liao Tian Feng
Sun Peng as Ba Si
Lin Yo Wei as Da Yan
Ma Li Ou as Doctor
Huang Zhen Ni as Nurse
They Jia Min as GAZE security guard
Min Xiong as Zhang Tie Xiong
Wu Zhen Ya as Accounting Manager
Li Shu Han as Sales Manager
Chen Bor-jeng as Jiang Hai Bo
Xu Hao En as Sen
Tao Chuan Zheng as Mr. Zhao
Liu Shang Qiang as Mr. Zhang
Doris Kuang as Secretary Chen
Chang Han as Jerry
Soundtrack
Just You Original TV Soundtrack (OST) (就是要你愛上我 電視原聲帶) was released on March 21, 2014 by various artists under Rock Records Co., Ltd. label. It contains 13 tracks total. The opening theme is track 1 "Beloved (心愛的)" by Genie Chuo and Alien Huang. The closing theme song is "Unstoppable Sun (擋不住的太陽)" by Aaron Yan which is not featured in the soundtrack album since Yan is signed artiste to HIM records.
Track listing
Publications
*August 2, 2014: S-Pop Vol. 8 August 2013 (華流 8月號/2013) - barcode 4717095573604 Sanlih E-Television 三立電視 - Author: Sanlih E-Television 三立電視監製
The main leads Aaron Yan and Puff Kuo are featured on the cover of S-Pop August 2013 regular edition of the magazine.
Episode ratings
Awards and nominations
The 2013 Sanlih Drama Awards Ceremony were held on December 28, 2013 at Sanlih's headquarters and broadcasting studios at No. 159, Section 1, Jiuzong Rd, Neihu District Taipei City, Taiwan.
References
External links
Just You Official Website on SETTV
Just You website on ETTV
Just You Chinese Wikipedia
2013 Taiwanese television series debuts
2013 Taiwanese television series endings
Sanlih E-Television original programming
Eastern Television original programming
Taiwanese romantic comedy television series
Stretch is a nickname of:
People
Stretch Johnson (1915–2002), American tap dancer and social activist
Seantavius Jones (born 1992), American football player
Stretch Kontelj (born 1961), Australian politician
Alvin Martin (born 1958), English footballer
Willie McCovey (1938–2018), American baseball player
Stretch Miller (1910–1972), American sports broadcaster
Stretch Murphy (1907–1992), American basketball player
Jake Pelkington (1916–1982), American basketball player
Jack Phillips (first baseman) (1921–2009), American baseball player
Howie Schultz (1922–2009), American baseball and basketball player
Ron Tompkins (born 1944), American baseball pitcher
Augie Vander Meulen (1909–1993), American basketball player
Fictional characters
Stretch Cunningham, a recurring character in the TV series All in the Family
Stretch Snodgrass, in the radio/TV series Our Miss Brooks
See also
Lists of people by nickname
In Brisbane Today was an early Australian television series, which aired in 1990 until 1992, on the Nine Network in Queensland only. It was hosted by Fiona McDonald.
Nine Network original programming
Australian non-fiction television series
1990 Australian television series debuts
1992 Australian television series endings
Polynesian (March 8, 1942 – December 29, 1959) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Background
They were owned by Gertrude T. Widener, of the prominent Widener family of Philadelphia, and bred by their father-in-law Joseph E. Widener at their Elmendorf Farm in Lexington, Kentucky. They were trained by Morris H. Dixon.
Racing career
1944: two-year-old season
At age two, Polynesian lost their first three races, then bucked their shins.
1945: three-year-old season
Back in training at age three, Polynesian won five of their next seven starts, one of which was a division of the Sagamore Stakes. In the Experimental Free Handicap they came in third to Jeep and Greek Warrior, and fourth in a division of the Wood Memorial won by Hoop Jr. They skipped the Kentucky Derby (won by Hoop Jr.), instead competing in one mile Withers Stakes where they defeated Pavot. Polynesian then took the mile and three sixteenths second leg of the U.S. Triple Crown series, the Preakness Stakes, in a front running victory. Because of its demanding one and a half miles, Polynesian was not entered in the third leg of the Triple Crown, the Belmont Stakes. Later that year they won the Saranac Handicap.
Later career
Polynesian developed into a champion sprinter, winning a number of important sprint races in 1946 and in 1947 and was named the U.S. Champion Sprint Horse. In their last year of racing, they went through a streak of five wins, 10 seconds, and 10 thirds.
Stud career
Retired to stud duty, Polynesian sired 37 stakes winners including one of the greatest horses in American racing history, Native Dancer. Some of Polynesian's offspring were:
At age seventeen, Polynesian Died on December 29, 1959 from colic and was buried at Gallaher Farm in Lexington, Kentucky.
Breeding
References
Polynesian's pedigree and partial racing stats
1942 racehorse births
1959 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
American Champion racehorses
Preakness Stakes winners
Widener family
Thoroughbred family 14-a
Chefs-de-Race
Samuel Gueulette (born 19 May 2000) is a Rwandan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Roeselare and the Rwanda national team.
Professional career
Gueulette began their senior career with the Belgian club Tubize, before transferring to Roeselare on 27 July 2020.
International career
Gueulette was born in Rwanda to a Belgian father and Rwandan mother, and moved to Belgium at a young age. They represented the Rwanda U20 for a pair of 2019 Africa U-20 Cup of Nations qualification matches in 2018. They were also called up for the Rwanda U23s for a 2019 Africa U-23 Cup of Nations qualification match in 2018. They debuted for the senior Rwanda national team in a 2–0 friendly win over the Central African Republic on 3 June 2021.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Rwandan footballers
Rwanda international footballers
Belgian footballers
Rwandan people of Belgian descent
Belgian people of Rwandan descent
A.F.C. Tubize players
K.S.V. Roeselare players
Association football midfielders
Choses vues à droite et à gauche (sans lunettes), commonly translated as Things Seen Right-to-Left (Without Glasses), is a suite for violin and piano by Erik Satie. Composed in January 1914 and published in 1916, it is the only work they published for violin-piano duet. A typical performance lasts about 5 minutes.
Description
One of Satie's infrequent excursions into chamber music, the Choses vues is contemporaneous with the bulk of their humoristic piano suites (1913-1914) and was conceived in a similar spirit. It has been interpreted as a spoof of academic musical training, in particular that of the Schola Cantorum in Paris, where the composer had recently ended their studies (at age 46) with Vincent d'Indy.
The suite's three brief pieces are satirical reinventions of Baroque musical forms, enhanced by Satie's characteristic droll titles and performance directions.
1. Choral hypocrite (Hypocritical Chorale) - G Major - Grave
Satie had a singular attitude towards the chorale, that "symbol of Protestant piety and music pedagogy" much employed by Bach. In their own compositions they associated it with boredom and conformity. The 10-bar Choral hypocrite, played on muted strings, is built of stark self-contained phrases and hardly resembles the sort of singable "tune" one would expect from the genre. An almost painful dissonance at the halfway point (bars 5-6) is marked in the score "with the hand on the conscience." As a postscript Satie added a statement designed to annoy their critics: "My chorales equal those of Bach, with this difference: there are not so many of them, and they are less pretentious."
2. Fugue à tâtons (Groping Fugue) - C Major - Pas vite
A repetitive, childlike theme provides the subject for a loosely woven fugue, initiated by the piano "with silly but convenient naïveté." It wanders off on tangents that Satie's annotations suggest should evoke "tenderness and fatality" and "dry and distant bones." The score urges both players to tackle the theme's grandiloquent final restatement "with a big head."
3. Fantaisie musculaire (Muscular Fantasy) - C Major - Un peu vif
This playfully ironic showpiece burlesques violin virtuosity but nevertheless requires considerable skill from the performer. It presents often dissonant send-ups of string techniques (harmonics, pizzicato, trill, glissando), culminating with a cadenza, which the player is advised to launch into "with enthusiasm" and end "very sheepishly and coldly." The suite fades out on an anticlimactic pianissimo.
Humor aside, Satie was painstaking in their efforts to redevelop these old musical forms in modern terms, harmonically and structurally. They rejected the first movement they completed, an untitled 31-bar chorale in G Major, and experimented with several fugue subjects (including a quotation of the folksong Au clair de la lune) for the Fugue à tâtons. In their analysis of Satie's composing methods Robert Orledge remarked on "how ordinary their first thoughts often were", and this certainly applies to the Choses vues. Satie's original order for the pieces - Fantaisie, Choral, Fugue - would have given the suite a conventional fast-slow-fast pattern, with the cadenza appearing in the first movement in the manner of a traditional concerto, and the coda of the Fugue providing a conclusive-sounding finish. In the end Satie chose to scramble this clichéd sequence, and by positioning the Fantaisie as the finale saved most of the suite's musical jokes for last.
Performance of the Choses vues - along with the rest of Satie's 1914 compositions - was delayed by the start of World War I in July. Satie dedicated it to violinist Marcel Chailley (1881-1936), who with pianist Ricardo Viñes gave the premiere at the Ecole Lucien de Flagny in Paris on April 2, 1916. Rouart, Lerolle & Cie published the score later that year.
The unused chorale in G Major was discovered by Robert Orledge and first performed by them with violinist Helen Sanderson at the University of Exeter on May 29, 1987. It was published under the title Autre choral in a new performing version of the Choses vues, edited by Orledge in 1995.
Recordings
Notable recordings include those by violinist Yan Pascal Tortelier with pianist Aldo Ciccolini (Angel, 1971 and several EMI reissues), Millard Taylor with Frank Glazer (Candide, 1972, reissued by Vox 1994 and X5 Music Group 2008), Gidon Kremer with Elena Kremer (Philips, 1980), Keiko Mizuno with Yūji Takahashi (Denon, 1985), Tomaz Lorenz with Bojan Gorisek (Intermusic, 1995), Chantal Juillet with Pascal Rogé (Decca, 2000), and Isabelle Faust with Alexandre Tharaud (Harmonia Mundi, 2009, reissued 2014).
Notes and references
External links
Compositions by Erik Satie
Chamber music compositions
20th-century classical music
1914 compositions
Aaron Leon Panofsky is an American sociologist of science and Professor in Public Policy and the Institute for Society and Genetics at the University of California, Los Angeles. Their research focuses on the social implications and history of genetics.
Work
Panofsky's 2014 book, Misbehaving Science, explores the role of controversy in the development of the scientific field of behavior genetics. The book won the 2015 President's Book Award from the Social Science History Association.
Panofsky also attracted media attention for a study they presented at an American Sociological Association meeting in 2017. The study analyzed 3,070 posts on the white nationalist Internet forum Stormfront in which posters described the results of their genetic ancestry tests. The study identified three distinct ways in which the white supremacists whose tests identified non-European ancestry dismissed and rationalized their results. One of these ways was to accuse the genetic testing companies of being run by Jews, who some white supremacists accused of engaging in a conspiracy to fraudulently manipulate the white supremacists' test results.
References
External links
Faculty page
Living people
Sociologists of science
Medical sociologists
UCLA Luskin School of Public Affairs faculty
Amherst College alumni
New York University alumni
American sociologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American male writers
Acacia orites, also commonly known as mountain wattle, is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Juliflorae that is native to north eastern Australia.
Description
The tree can grow to a maximum height of that has obscure stipules on the branchlets. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The evergreen phyllodes have a linear shape and are straight or slightly sickle shaped with a length of and a width of . The dark green coloured phylloeds are thin and pliable and have an apex that is occasionally uncinate and have six to nine anastomosing veins of which one to three are much more clearly defined than the others. It blooms between August and September producing golden flowers.
Distribution
It is endemic to south eastern parts of Queensland and north eastern parts of New South Wales where it is often found along the margins of rainforest communities.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
orites
Flora of Queensland
Taxa named by Leslie Pedley
Plants described in 1964
Muhammad II ibn Mahmud (1128–1159) was Sultan of Seljuq Empire from 1153 to 1159. They were son of Mahmud II and brother of Malik-Shah III. The Cambridge History of Iran notes that Sultan Muhammad "tried energetically to restore the slipping authority of their dynasty in Iraq."
Biography
They were raised in Fars along with their brother Malik-Shah III. In 1148, their uncle Sultan Ghiyath ad-Din Mas'ud, who had no heirs and was in a weak position, appointed Malik-Shah III as heir, and gave their daughter in marriage to him. On 13 September 1152, Mas'ud died at Hamadan, and Malik-Shah III ascended the throne. In 1153, Muhammad, who was then in Khuzestan, marched towards Iraq and deposed their brother Malik-Shah III from the Seljuq throne, and ascended the throne himself. Meanwhile, the insurgent Abbasids under caliph al-Muqtafi was seizing the Turks of Iraq, and in 1155 supported a rival claimant to the throne, Suleiman-Shah. Furthermore, al-Muqtafi also sent an army to conquer Jibal, but the army was defeated by Muhammad. In 1157, Muhammad marched to the Abbasid capital of Baghdad with an army of 30,000 men, while their ally the Zangid Qutb ad-Din Mawdud marched from Mosul to capture the Caliphate's provinces in Central Iraq. On January 12, Muhammad reached the walls of western Baghdad.
In response the Caliph gathered all their troops from Hillah and Wasit to defend the capital. In February, unable to defend western Baghdad, the caliph abandoned the western side and ordered all the bridges over the Tigris river, which separates the western side of Baghdad from its eastern side, to be destroyed. Muhammad crossed to the western side and easily captured it, and established their camp while at the same time the caliph fortified the walls of eastern Baghdad. Several catapults and ballistas were installed on the city's walls. The caliph also armed the natives of Baghdad by giving them armour and weapons, and incited them to fight the enemy of the caliphate, whom they called infidels since they waged war against the caliph, the successor of the prophet and the leader of the ummah. They also ordered their vizier Awn ad-Din ibn Hubayra to give 5 golden dinars to every wounded soldier.
On March 4, Sultan Muhammad and their ally Zayn ad-Din, Qutb ad-Din's vizier, attacked eastern Baghdad and bombarded the city. The army of Baghdad repulsed the attack thanks to the courage of the natives of Baghdad and the naffatuns.
On March 29, the Seljuks repaired one of the bridges and crossed to the eastern side of the city, where they skirmished with both the Caliph's army and the native militias of Baghdad. The naffatuns destroyed several catapults. The Seljuks tried to breach the gate by a battering ram but it was destroyed by the catapults on the walls. The result of the battle remained indecisive for both sides. On June 29, Sultan Muhammad ordered their men to climb the walls. They had already made 400 ladders to climb the walls of Baghdad, but the assault was repulsed due to the heavy fire and casualties. In the meantime Nur ad-Din Zangi blamed their brother Qutb ad-Din for attacking the caliph's realm, which destroyed the Zengid-Seljuq alliance. Zayn ad-Din lifted the siege and returned to Mosul.
Muhammad also was forced to lift the siege after their men informed them that their brother Malik-Shah III has captured Hamadan. They eventually realized that the siege was useless, so they preferred to fight for their throne. Thus the Siege of Baghdad came to end on the July 13, 1157. Muhammad shortly managed to repel Malik-Shah III, but became sick during this period, and eventually died in 1159 at Hamadan. The powerful amir of Ray, Ïnanch Sonqur, then put Suleiman-Shah on the Seljuq throne.
Family
One of their wives was Gawhar Khatun, the daughter of Sultan Ghiyath ad-Din Mas'ud and Gawhar Khatun, the daughter of Ahmad Sanjar. They had been formerly married to their brother Dawud. However, when they failed to get on together, Mas'ud gave them to Muhammad in 1146. Another of their wives was Mahd Rafi Khatun, also known as Kirmani Khatun. They were the daughter of Kirman Shah, son of Arslan Shah. They married in 1159. The marriage was performed by Imad al-Din Abd al-Samad Shaybani. They were brought to the capital of Hamadan in July–August 1159, and the Sultan went to receive them They are, however, unable to consummate the marriage owing to their illness. They died five months after the marriage. Another wife was Kerman Khatun. They were the daughter of Abbasid Caliph Al-Muqtafi. They married towards the end of 1158 or in early 1159. They are, however, unable to consummate the marriage owing to their illness.
References
Sources
Seljuk rulers
1159 deaths
1128 births
Lü Yi (吕亿) (born 10 April 1974) is a retired female Chinese middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.
Achievements
References
1974 births
Living people
Chinese female middle-distance runners
Hinton is a village and civil parish near Berkeley in Stroud district, Gloucestershire. The parish includes the larger villages of Sharpness and Purton. The ecclesiastical parish is Sharpness with Purton, formerly part of the parish of Berkeley and now united with Slimbridge.
In the 2001 census the civil parish had a population of 1,141, decreasing to 1,083 at the 2011 census.
References
External links
Parish Council website
Villages in Gloucestershire
Stroud District
Civil parishes in Gloucestershire
The following is a list of the 198 communes of the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté d'agglomération Durance-Lubéron-Verdon Agglomération (partly)
Communauté d'agglomération Gap-Tallard-Durance (partly)
Communauté d'agglomération Provence-Alpes
Communauté de communes Alpes Provence Verdon - Sources de Lumière
Communauté de communes Haute-Provence Pays de Banon
Communauté de communes Jabron Lure Vançon Durance (partly)
Communauté de communes Pays d'Apt-Luberon (partly)
Communauté de communes Pays de Forcalquier - Montagne de Lure
Communauté de communes de Serre-Ponçon (partly)
Communauté de communes Serre-Ponçon Val d'Avance (partly)
Communauté de communes du Sisteronais Buëch (partly)
Communauté de communes Vallée de l'Ubaye Serre-Ponçon
References
Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
Terry Schrunk Plaza is a park located in downtown Portland, Oregon, United States.
Description and history
Located across from City Hall, the park is named after former Portland mayor Terry Schrunk and neighbors the Plaza Blocks consisting of Chapman Square and Lownsdale Square. The park is not a city park, but instead owned by the federal government. Schrunk Plaza is across Third Avenue from the Edith Green – Wendell Wyatt Federal Building, and the plaza covers an underground parking structure for that building. That structure was the planned assassination site of Charles H. Turner in the failed plot by members of the Rajneeshees in 1985 to kill Turner, the U.S. Attorney for Oregon who worked in the building. There are several Taihu stones in the plaza which is a gift from Portland's Chinese sister city, Suzhou in 1996.
References
External links
Parks in Portland, Oregon
Southwest Portland, Oregon
Methylenomycin B is a cyclopentanone derived antibiotic produced by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) that is effective against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Methylenomycins are naturally produced in two variants: A and B.
See also
Methylenomycin A
References
Antibiotics
Enones
Cyclopentenes
Vinylidene compounds
The was a structural fire that began at about 01:00 local time on September 1, 2001 in the Myojo 56 building, located in the Kabukichō section of Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan.
The fire, the fifth-deadliest in post-war Japanese history, burned for five hours before being extinguished and resulted in the deaths of 44 people. It is suspected that the fire resulted from arson, but no suspect was ever arrested. In the aftermath of the incident, media coverage focused on the arrest and conviction of the property owners for criminal negligence and on the building's putative ties to organized crime.
Fire
The fire burned on the third floor of the building. When the fire broke out, 19 people were on the third floor and 28 people were on the fourth floor. Three employees jumped out of the building from the third floor and survived, suffering injuries. Witnesses who saw one of the employees called an ambulance.
Emergency responders arriving to treat the jumpers learned of the building fire and evacuation efforts commenced. Firefighters removed the bodies of 44 people (32 men and 12 women) from inside the building, and rescued those who managed to flee to the roof.
Aftermath
Police officials remarked that the lethality of the fire was exacerbated by numerous violations of the fire code, including blocked fire doors and stairwells. The main cause of death among the fire's victims was found to be carbon monoxide poisoning. An investigation conducted by the Metropolitan Police Department concluded that if the building's automated fire doors had not been prevented from closing, deadly gases would not have reached the building's occupied rooms for at least 20 minutes.
One injured man, seen near the burning building, later disappeared. The building was demolished in May 2006, and replaced with a one-story restaurant.
Criminal allegations
Six individuals were arrested in conjunction with the blaze, on charges of professional negligence resulting in death. Those charged included two executives of the Myojo Kosan Group, which owned the building, and the commercial tenants of the structure, which housed a video mahjong parlor and a hostess bar. On July 2, 2008, five of the defendants were convicted of negligence in the Tokyo District Court. The sixth defendant was acquitted.
By July 3, 2008, Tokyo police had concluded that the fire resulted from arson, but had not made any corresponding arrest.
Japan Today, an English-language online news outlet, quoted Tokyo police as stating that the mahjong parlor located in the building was "an illegal gambling den" with daily revenues of about eight million yen. Japan Today report speculates that the Chinese mafia and yakuza could have been linked to the incident, as illegal gambling operations are regularly forced to pay "protection money" to organized crime syndicates. However, there is no material or eyewitness evidence of organized crime involvement in the fire.
See also
Carbon monoxide poisoning
List of major crimes in Japan
List of massacres in Japan
Sennichi Department Store Building fire
2021 Osaka building fire
References
External links
Deadly Explosion, Fire In Tokyo CBS, September 1, 2001
Fire, Explosion Kills 44 in Tokyo Nightclub CNN, September 1, 2001
At least 44 die in Tokyo explosion The Guardian, September 1, 2001
Police arrest six over deadly Kabukicho fire The Japan Times, February 19, 2003
Victims' families sue over Kabukicho fire deaths in 2001 The Japan Times, February 23, 2003
Kabukicho fire deathtrap to be razed The Japan Times Weekly, May 13, 2006
Kabukicho fire Disaster Prevention System Institute
2001 in Tokyo
2001 murders in Japan
2001 fires
2001 disasters in Asia
Arson in Japan
Building and structure fires in Japan
Buildings and structures in Shinjuku
Crime in Tokyo
Deaths from carbon monoxide poisoning
Disasters in Tokyo
Mass murder in 2001
September 2001 crimes
Unsolved crimes in Japan
Unsolved mass murders
Commercial building fires
Shinjuku
Not for Nothin' is English jazz bassist Dave Holland's studio album released on August 21, 2001 via the ECM label. Saxophonist Chris Potter, trombonist Robin Eubanks, vibraphonist Steve Nelson and drummer Billy Kilson return from Holland's previous album.
Background
This is their thirteenth release on the ECM record label, and the third to feature their current working quintet.
As is standard for Holland's releases, the program consists of numerous compositions by the other band members, in this case one each, in addition to the majority written by Holland. The album's longest track "What Goes Around" was re-recorded by Holland in a big-band arrangement on the follow-up album What Goes Around.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4.5 stars, stating, "This is postmodern poetic singing at its finest. Who said jazz is a dead art form? Let me or they who has the ears to hear, hear; the Dave Holland Quintet is carrying the banner of creative music in the jazz tradition in the 21st century.".
Maurice Bottomley of PopMatters wrote "Actually, the ECM connection matters. If, like me, you associate the label with all that is clever but too contemplative by half, Not for Nothin' should be a salutary warning to your (and my) prejudices. Make no mistake, it swings, struts and sways in all the right places. And, at every twist and turn, the formidable Holland is there, relentlessly driving the music forward. There is nothing here that will surprise anyone who has heard Prime Directive -- this set's predecessor -- but it is, if anything, more easily confident. The younger players are all improving and their leader is certainly not in decline. As for the material, there have been more distinctive compositions, but everything is handled so well that it hardly matters. Best Jazz Album 2001? -- no, but pretty close. Best Small Group 2001? I don't see why not."
Track listing
All compositions by Dave Holland, except as noted.
"Global Citizen" (Robin Eubanks) - 11:12
"For All You Are" - 8:19
"Lost and Found" (Chris Potter) - 9:27
"Shifting Sands" - 5:20
"Billows of Rhythm" (Billy Kilson) - 6:45
"What Goes Around" - 13:04
"Go Fly a Kite" (Steve Nelson) - 6:12
"Not for Nothin'" - 5:54
"Cosmosis" - 6:11
Personnel
Dave Holland - bass
Robin Eubanks - trombone and cowbell
Chris Potter - soprano, alto and tenor saxophones
Steve Nelson - vibraphone & marimba
Billy Kilson - drums
Chris "Tek" O'Ryan - sound engineer
References
External links
Dave Holland albums
2001 albums
ECM Records albums
The Iserhoff River is a tributary of Lake Waswanipi, flowing into Regional County Municipality (RCM) of Eeyou Istchee James Bay (municipality) in the area of the Nord-du-Québec, Canadian province of Quebec, Canada.
The course of the Iserhoff river successively crosses the townships of Desjardins, Berthiaume and Bergeres.
The hydrographic slope of the Iserhoff River is accessible from roads R1026 (North-South) and R1018 (North-South). These two roads are connected to the South at road 113 linking Lebel-sur-Quévillon to Chibougamau.
The surface of the Iserhoff River is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-November to mid-April.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the Iserhoff River are:
North side: Isernoff River North, Waswanipi River, Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River), Imbault Brook;
East side: Lake Waswanipi, Bachelor River;
South side: Florence River, Wedding River, Bell River;
West side: Bell River, Indian River (Bell River).
The Iserhoff River originates at the mouth of a little lake in mountains at an elevation of at:
South-west of the mouth of the Iserhoff River (confluence with Lake Waswanipi;
South-west of the mouth of Lake Waswanipi (confluence with the Waswanipi River);
South of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
Southeast of the mouth of Matagami Lake;
Southeast of the mouth of the Nottaway River;
Southeast of downtown Matagami.
From its source, the "Iserhoff River" flows on according to the following segments:
Course of the Upper Iserhoff River (segment of ).
northeasterly in the canton of Desjardins, to the southern limit of the township of Berthiaume;
eastwards in the township of Berthiaume, passing on the south side of Mount Kitci (summit at ), to the western limit of the township of Bergeres;
north-east in the township of Bergères, until the confluence of two streams (coming from the North and the other from the South);
northeasterly, then north, to Imbault Brook;
Course of the Lower Iserhoff River (segment of )
east westerly to the confluence of the Iserhoff North River;
east to the R1018 forest road bridge;
easterly winding into a marsh zone to its mouth.
The Iserhoff River flows into the Southwest Bay of Lake Waswanipi. From this mouth, the current flows East, then North, on the Lake Waswanipi to its mouth. From there, the current flows first north through the Waswanipi River, then west to the east shore of Goéland Lake. The latter is crossed to the northwest by the Waswanipi River which is a tributary of Matagami Lake.
The mouth of the Iserhoff River located at:
south-west of the mouth of Lake Waswanipi;
southeast of a bay south of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
southeast of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
southeast of the mouth of Olga Lake (Waswanipi River);
south-west of the village center of Waswanipi;
North of downtown Matagami
Toponymy
This hydronym appears on an 1896 map of Surveyor Robert Bell, indicating it as a tributary of the Nottaway River. The name of this river evokes a missionary active in the region in the nineteenth century; in 1905, Henry O'Sullivan announced their presence at Fort Eastmain.
A natural extension of [Mistassini Lake], called Baie Iserhoff, also evokes Charles Iserhoff, nephew of this missionary employed by the Hudson's Bay Company, at the former trading post of Baie-du-Poste; this site has become today the Cree village of Mistissini. This hydronym is reported in both editions of the Dictionary of Rivers and Lakes of the Province of Quebec (1914 and 1925). Jacques and Madeleine Rousseau used in 1946 the services of an informant (born Iserhoff), and then bearing the name of Mrs. Wilfrid Jefferys; according to their testimony, the members of this Métis family have always lived at either the Mistassini Lake or the Waswanipi station.
This river is designated in the Cree community "Packîwâgâ Sîbî", meaning "river digs the bank, so that there is an overhang".
The toponym "Iserhoff River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec, i.e. at the creation of this commission
References
See also
Rivers of Nord-du-Québec
Nottaway River drainage basin
Eeyou Istchee James Bay
17th Greater Poland Uhlan Regiment of King Bolesław Chrobry (Polish: 17 Pułk Ułanów Wielkopolskich im. Króla Bolesława Chrobrego, 17 puł) was a cavalry unit of the Polish Army in the Second Polish Republic. Formed in 1919, it was garrisoned in Leszno. The regiment, whose patron was King Bolesław Chrobry (since May 6, 1939), fought in the Polish–Soviet War and the 1939 Invasion of Poland, as part of Wielkopolska Cavalry Brigade.
Beginnings
The 3rd Greater Poland Uhlan Regiment, as it was called at first, was formed in late 1918 in Gniezno (Gnesen), where local Poles, following the example set by Poznań, decided to take control of the town, and push out Prussian authorities. At that time Gniezno was a large garrison of the Imperial German Army, with 49th Infantry Regiment and 12th Dragoon Regiment stationed here. Following a quick action, the Poles captured the barracks, and disarmed the soldiers, who were then loaded on trains and headed back to their homes.
In early January 1919, Colonel Kazimierz Grudzielski, local commandant of Polish forces, ordered Colonel Edward Grabski to form a cavalry unit. On January 6, first volunteers were accepted, and after four days, a cavalry squadron was created. The uhlans took part in the Greater Poland Uprising, fighting near Szubin and Żnin. On February 9 in Gniezno, oath of the new unit took place, with General Jozef Dowbor-Musnicki attending the ceremony. By early March, additional squadrons had been formed, and the regiment was completed by March 20, 1919. Most of the officers had served either in the German Army, or Polish I Corps in Russia, while regular soldiers were local peasants and workers, equipped mostly with captured German weapons.
By August 1919, the regiment had 22 officers and 789 soldiers, with almost 800 horses. In autumn 1919, the unit was sent to the newly created Polish Corridor, to return to Gniezno in early February 1920.
Polish – Soviet War
In mid-February 1920, the regiment was loaded on a train, and was transported to Wilno, where its name was changed into the 17th Greater Poland Uhlan Regiment. On March 12, Colonel Witold Zychlinski was named its commandant, and after a two-week training, the unit was transported to the frontline along the Berezina river. In mid-April 1920, it was transported to Ukraine, to support Polish forces in the Kiev Offensive (1920). It fought with distinction, capturing the town of Malyn. On May 7, 1920, mounted patrols of the regiment entered Kiev. To commemorate this event, May 7 was named as regimental holiday. For the remaining part of May and in early June, the regiment patrolled the Dniepr river line, but after Soviet counteroffensive it was forced to retreat, together with whole VII Cavalry Brigade.
After heavy fighting during the June 1920 retreat, the regiment lost up to 80% of its strength. By early July, it had only 109 soldiers and 2 machine guns. Transported by rail to Kowel (July 19), it was allowed to rest, and reinforced with 500 men. On August 3, after capturing Radziwiłłow, the regiment was attacked by much stronger Soviet forces, who decimated the unit. After losing 40% of soldiers and 50% of horses, the 17th Greater Poland Uhlan Regiment was on September 10 loaded on a train in Chodorow, to be transported back to Gniezno.
Second Polish Republic
After the return to the hometown, the command of the regiment was taken over by Colonel Erazm Stablewski, who reorganized the unit. Older soldiers were released, new uniforms were accepted, and in 1922, the regiment was moved to its new, peacetime garrison, located in Leszno, close to the German border. At Leszno, the regiment was set in former Prussian barracks. The town was at that time a large garrison of the Polish Army, as the 55th Infantry Regiment was also stationed there.
In the 1930s, some 300 conscripts joined the regiment, with half of them coming from Greater Poland, and the remaining part from central Poland and Lesser Poland. During the May Coup in 1926, the regiment was ordered to come to aid the government of President Stanislaw Wojciechowski, and, together with whole VII Cavalry Brigade, was transported by rail to Mszczonow near Warsaw. It did not take part in the street fighting in the Polish capital, and soon returned to Leszno.
In late September 1938, the regiment became part of the so-called Independent Operational Group Silesia, and participated in the capture of the region of Zaolzie.
1939 September Campaign
On August 24, 1939, the regiment was mobilized, as part of Wielkopolska Cavalry Brigade (General Roman Abraham). Its task was to protect southwestern corner of Greater Poland. Following the oath and a parade in a field by Leszno, the regiment with its 1160 soldiers and 40 officers marched off to its positions near the border.
On September 1, 1939, at app. 8 a.m., the Germans attacked Polish uhlans stationed in Rydzyna, capturing the town. When reinforcements arrived later that day, the Poles managed to push out the enemy before nightfall.
On September 2, following the order of General Abraham, the 55th Infantry Regiment carried out the Raid on Fraustadt, while uhlans of the 17th Regiment also entered German territory.
Since general situation of Poland worsened, the retreat of Poznań Army was ordered on September 4. The regiment marched towards Konin, Turek and Kutno, in the general direction of Warsaw. All units of the army were covered in the south by the cavalry regiments, including the 17th Regiment. The Greater Poland uhlans were ordered to cross the Bzura river near the village of Sobota, and then to capture Głowno. First line battalions of the regiment clashed with advancing Germans. The enemy retreated, and the Poles advanced across the Bzura, towards the village of Walewice. Polish attack against German 26th Infantry Regiment (30th Infantry Division) began at 5 a.m., on September 10. After a fierce, hand-to hand battle, the Germans again retreated. Polish losses amounted to 64 KIA, while the enemy lost around 100 KIA.
For the whole day of September 10, 1939, heavy fighting continued around the town of Głowno. On the next day, General Abraham decided to throw all forces available to him, in order to capture Głowno. Their plan failed, as the Germans were the first to attack, surprising the Poles, who retreated behind the Bzura.
On September 15, the so-called Operational Group of Cavalry was formed, out of the elements of Wielkopolska Cavalry Brigade and Podolska Cavalry Brigade. Its task was to open the road towards Warsaw, across the Kampinos Forest. Heavy fighting continued until September 18, when the regiment reached Palmiry. After a short rest, however, the uhlans were attacked again by German tanks. The Battle of Sieraków, as it was unofficially called, was one of the last victories of the Greater Poland Uhlans.
During the September Campaign, the regiment lost 49 officers and 149 soldiers.
Commandants
Colonel Edward Grabski (1919),
Colonel Kazimierz Raszewski (1919),
Colonel Wladyslaw Mosiewicz (March 1919 – March 1920),
Colonel Witold Zychlinski (March – July 1920),
Colonel Wlodzimierz Podhorski (July – October 1920),
Colonel Erazm Stablewski (October 1920 -1921),
Colonel Wlodzimierz Podhorski (July – 1921 March 1929),
Colonel Aleksander Praglowski (March 1929 – January 1936),
Colonel Tadeusz Kurnatowski (January 1936 – March 1938),
Colonel Ignacy Kowalczewski (April 1938 – September 1939).
Sources
Piotr Bauer: Zarys historii wojennej pułków polskich w kampanii wrześniowej. 17 Pułk Ułanów Wielkopolskich. Warszawa: Oficyna Wydawnicza „Ajaks", 1994
Henryk Smaczny: Księga kawalerii polskiej 1914–1947: rodowody, barwa, broń. Warszawa: TESCO, 1989
See also
Polish cavalry
Military units and formations established in 1918
Military units and formations of Poland in World War II
Polish Land Forces
Poznań Voivodeship (1921–1939)
Cavalry regiments of Poland
Youth Show is an Australian television series which aired from 1959 to 1960 on Sydney station ATN-7. Hosted by Keith Walshe, it was a music series, with emphasis on teenage talent, particularly artists who had not yet reached stardom. It was later replaced by The B.M.C. Show. The archival status of the series is unknown, given the highly varied survival rates of 1950s Australian television series (with some series, like Autumn Affair, surviving near-intact, while certain other series are completely lost).
Prior to the series being broadcast, a "pilot film" was made of the program.
References
External links
1959 Australian television series debuts
1960 Australian television series endings
Australian music television series
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Pop music television series
Seven Network original programming
The 2012 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the Canadian women's national curling championship, was held from Saturday, February 18 to Sunday, February 26 at the ENMAX Centrium in Red Deer, Alberta. This Tournament of Hearts marked the second time that Red Deer has hosted the Scotties; the first time that the Scotties was hosted in Red Deer was in 2004.
The winning team, Heather Nedohin of Alberta, went on to represent Canada at the 2012 Ford World Women's Curling Championship in Lethbridge, Alberta. Nedohin won the final after they defeated British Columbia's Kelly Scott with a score of 7–6. Nedohin's championship win was the seventh win by the home team of the host province and the first championship win for Alberta in fourteen years.
Teams
The defending champions, skipped by Amber Holland, returned to their third Scotties in a row, for the first time wearing the red and white for Canada. They were looking to build momentum off of last year's success, when they won their first Canadian Women's Championship. The last time a team from Saskatchewan won back to back championships was in 1994 when Team Canada's Sandra Peterson (Schmirler) defeated Manitoba's Connie Laliberte to win their second National Title.
The road to a second national title was not going to be an easy one for the defending champions, as this year's field proved to be a difficult one. For the seventh time, in eight years Kerry Galusha represented the Northwest Territories/Yukon. Galusha has added Sharon Cormier to their team, and together the team had found early success on the World Curling Tour, defeating several top teams, and qualifying for an event. Making their 10th Scotties appearance, Heather Strong represented Newfoundland and Labrador. Strong's last appearance was in 2009, when their team went 5-6. Strong has never advanced beyond a tiebreaker and was looking for a spot in the playoffs.
Manitoba's spot to the Scotties was hotly contested and had several top teams vying for the provincial title. Jennifer Jones won the provincial final over Chelsea Carey. Jones, who made their 9th appearance at the Scotties, was looking for their 5th national title, but fell short. British Columbia's provincial playoffs saw four past provincial champions looking to win a place at the Scotties. Kelly Scott defeated Marla Mallett in the final to win the provincial championship. Scott missed out on the playoffs last year. Kim Dolan represented Prince Edward Island. This was Dolan's first provincial win in 13 years, and also marked their 12th and final Scotties appearance. Nova Scotia was represented by Heather Smith-Dacey, who finished third at last year's Scotties, but failed to make the playoffs at this event.
Michelle Englot represented Saskatchewan making their 8th appearance. Them last trip to the Scotties was in 2008 and was a difficult one, having lost their father the day before the event began. This time around was a much better time for Englot. Marie-France Larouche represented Quebec for the second year in a row, making their 7th Scotties appearance with a new team. Andrea Kelly of New Brunswick made their 5th appearance at the Scotties with a new lineup. Kelly recently promoted their third, Rebecca Atkinson, to skip, and Kelly continued to throw fourth stones.
Ontario was represented by the team skipped by Tracy Horgan, who made their first Scotties appearance after stealing the win over Rachel Homan in the Ontario provincial final. Heather Nedohin represented Alberta, marking the first time in twelve years that Nedohin has been to a Scottie. Nedohin is a former Scotties champion under skip Cathy King.
Round robin standings
Results
All times listed in Mountain Time Zone (UTC-7).
Draw 1
Saturday, February 18, 1:00 PM
Draw 2
Saturday, February 18, 6:00 PM
Draw 3
Sunday, February 19, 8:30 AM
Draw 4
Sunday, February 19, 1:30 PM
Draw 5
Sunday, February 19, 6:30 PM
Draw 6
Monday, February 20, 8:30 AM
Draw 7
Monday, February 20, 1:30 PM
Draw 8
Monday, February 20, 7:30 PM
Draw 9
Tuesday, February 21, 8:30 AM
Draw 10
Tuesday, February 21, 1:30 PM
Draw 11
Tuesday, February 21, 7:30 PM
Draw 12
Wednesday, February 22, 8:30 AM
Draw 13
Wednesday, February 22, 1:30 PM
Draw 14
Wednesday, February 22, 7:30 PM
Draw 15
Thursday, February 23, 8:30 AM
Draw 16
Thursday, February 23, 1:30 PM
Draw 17
Thursday, February 23, 7:30 PM
Playoffs
1 vs. 2
Friday, February 24, 7:30 PM
3 vs. 4
Saturday, February 25, 11:00 AM
Semifinal
Saturday, February 25, 4:00 PM
Bronze Medal Game
Sunday, February 26, 8:30 AM
Final
Sunday, February 26, 1:30 PM
Top 5 Player percentages
Awards
The awards and all-star teams are as follows:
Sandra Schmirler Most Valuable Player Award
Heather Nedohin, Alberta
Shot of the Week Award
Sasha Carter, British Columbia
Marj Mitchell Sportsmanship Award
Amanda Gates, Ontario
All-Star Teams
First Team
Skip: Jennifer Jones, Manitoba
Third: Kaitlyn Lawes, Manitoba
Second: Jill Officer, Manitoba
Lead: Dawn Askin, Manitoba
Second Team
Skip: Kelly Scott, British Columbia
Third: Beth Iskiw, Alberta
Second: Jessica Mair, Alberta
Lead: Laine Peters, Alberta
Notes
References
External links
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
Sports competitions in Red Deer, Alberta
Curling in Alberta
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
When a descrambler is added to the Cable Converter Box in the same chassis, it is referred to as a Converter/Descrambler or sometimes a Combination Unit, and is a type of Set-top box, it allows : local broadcast channels, basic cable channels, authorized premium channels, "Pay-Per-View" (PPV), and “Video On Demand” (VOD) services to be viewed. A Combination Converter/Descrambler is generally called a Set-top box or STB it is a single (one-piece) system installed in a single cabinet and represents a single component that is capable of descrambling premium services, like HBO or Showtime, pay-per-view cable channels., Video on Demand, Games or other specialty pay services, and transposes the cable signal for RF output on channel 3 or 4. This unit contains a converter and a descrambler, enclosed in a common box and outputs the signal directly to a TV, VCR, DVR, PC, DVD or video projector.
References
United States Patent 6070001 Addressability system Patent
United States Patent 4937865 Cable TV channel security system having remotely addressable traps
Conditional Access System Indigital Corporation
ADDRESSABLE CABLE TV SYSTEMS Scatmag.com
the definition of Addressable Cable Systems, The ITV Dictionary
Plug the Revenue Leaks in Your Cable System!, Scientific Atlanta
Word Descrambler, Tool
Converter Box, RCN
Troubleshooting Converter Box, RCN
New Jersey College Converter Box Setup, TCNJ
Converter Box, Cinemasource
Digital TV Converter Box, DTVFacts
Digital TV Converter Box, NY Times
Basic Cable-Ready TV Hookup with a Cable Converter, Time Warner Cable
Cable Converter Manufacturers, Electronickits.com
Cable Descramblers, Cable Descramblers Plan
Cable TV Converters, O'Reilly
Digital TV Converters, Ecoustics
TV Converters Help, Expedient
See also
Business Support Systems
Operations Support System
Cable television headend
Set-top box
Cable Converter Box
Scrambler
Descrambler
encryption
Provisioning
conditional access system
One-time pad
Voice inversion
Addressable Systems
Addressability
Related Technologies:
ATSC tuner
Audio
Cable modem
Connectivity: RS-232, USB, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi
Digital television adapter (DTA)
DOCSIS
DVB
Free-to-air
Integrated Services Digital Broadcasting
Interactive television
IPTV
QAM tuner
QPSK
Satellite dish
Symbol rate
Consumer electronics
Digital television
Mark Samuel Cooper (born February 14, 1960 in Camden, New Jersey) is a former American football guard in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. They started for the Broncos in Super Bowl XXI. Cooper attended the University of Miami.
External links
NFL.com player page
1960 births
Living people
Players of American football from Camden, New Jersey
American football offensive guards
Miami Hurricanes football players
Denver Broncos players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Batrachedra elucus is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
American Heritage School may refer to:
American Heritage School (Florida)
American Heritage School (Utah)
See also
Heritage (disambiguation)
Heritage School (disambiguation)
Heritage High School (disambiguation)
Christian Heritage School (disambiguation)
Heritage Academy (disambiguation)
Heritage College (disambiguation)
Collacombe is an historic manor in the parish of Lamerton, Devon, England. The manor house survives as a grade I listed building, known as Collacombe Barton or Collacombe Manor (House).
Descent
d'Aumale
The Domesday Book of 1086 lists COLECOME as part of the triple-manor of Ottery-Collacombe-Willestrew, the second listed of the 17 Devonshire holdings of Robert d'Aumale one of the Devon Domesday Book tenants-in-chief of King William the Conqueror. They held it in demesne. The triple group had been held before the Norman Conquest of 1066 by three Saxon thanes, including Oslac and Burgred, as four manors. It was administered within Lifton a hundred after 1066.
Courtenay
The Devonshire lands of Robert d'Aumale later formed part of the very large feudal barony of Plympton, whose later barons were the Courtenay family, Earls of Devon. The Book of Fees (1302) lists Collecumb and Willestre as held from the honour of Plympton, the third part of the triple-manor, Ottery, having dropped out of the grouping since being given to Tavistock Abbey by one of the predecessors of Ralph d'Aumale.
de Esse
In 1242 it was held by Raph de Esse.
Trenchard
In 1295 it was held by Sir Michael Trenchard, and in 1301 by Walter Trenchard. William I Trenchard held it in 1314 and William II Trenchard held it in 1345. The last in the male line of Trenchard left a daughter and heiress, Isabella Trenchard (d.1408), who married Thomas Tremayne of Carwithenack in the parish of Constantine, Cornwall, and the manor of Collacombe passed to their descendants from this marriage. They survived their husband and remarried to Sir John Damerell, who by apparent coincidence was of the same family as the Domesday Book holder Robert d'Aumale (alias d'Amarell, Damarell, etc., Latinised to de Albemarle, de Albamara, etc.). As Sir John Damerell died without progeny they bequeathed to their wife and their progeny by their first husband Thomas Tremayne, the manors of North Huish, Sydenham Dammarel and Whitchurch.
Tremayne
The Tremayne (originally de Tremayne) family originated at the manor of Tremayne in the parish of St Martin in Meneage, Cornwall, about 8 miles south-west of Penryn, from which they took their surname.
Thomas Tremayne
Thomas Tremayne of Carwithenack in the parish of Constantine, Cornwall, who married the heiress of Collacombe, was the second son of Richard de Tremayne (d.1354) by their wife Mary Erney, a daughter of Sir Thomas Erney of Cornwall. Thomas's elder brother, who inherited the paternal estate of Tremayne, was John de Tremayne, a Member of Parliament for Cornwall in 1366 and 1369, who died without male progeny leaving two daughters and co-heiresses. Thomas's younger son was Rev. Thomas Tremayne, Rector of Aveton Giffard and a Canon of Exeter Cathedral in Devon.
Nicholas Tremayne (born 1368)
Nicholas Tremayne (born 1368), the eldest son of Thomas Tremayne and Isabella Trenchard, married as their first wife Joan Dodscombe, daughter and heiress of Sir John Dodscombe.
Thomas Tremayne (d.1482)
Thomas Tremayne (d.1482), the eldest son of Nicholas Tremayne (born 1368), married Elizabeth Carew, a daughter of "Thomas Carew", apparently Thomas Carew (d.1446) of Mohuns Ottery in Devon. In 1448 Edmund Lacey, Bishop of Exeter, granted the couple a licence to celebrate divine service "within their mansion of Collacombe", effectively to maintain a private chapel. The arms of Carew (Or, three lions passant in pale sable) are visible on the 1588 Tremayne monument in Lamerton Church.
John Tremayne (1452-1504)
John Tremayne (1452-1504), the eldest son of Thomas Tremayne (d.1482), was Sheriff of Cornwall in 1486 and 1487. They married Jane Warre, a daughter of Sir Francis Warre. By their deed of 1493 they settled their lands in Devon in tail male on their heirs male forever.
Thomas Tremayne (1496-1562/3)
Thomas Tremayne (1496-1562/3) of Collacombe, one of Prince's Worthies of Devon. They were the eldest son of John Tremayne (1452-1504), married Phillipa Grenville (d.1571), the eldest daughter of Sir Roger Grenville (1477–1523) of Stowe, Kilkhampton in Cornwall and lord of the manor of Bideford in Devon, Sheriff of Cornwall in 1510–11, 1517–18, 1522, ancestor of John Granville, 1st Earl of Bath (1628-1701). Them brothers included Digory Grenville of Penheale, Cornwall and John Grenville (c.1506-c.1562), three times MP for Exeter, in 1545, 1554 and 1558. By Phillipa Grenville they had 16 children, including 8 sons, the eldest surviving three of which succeeded successively to Collacombe. Edmund Tremayne, the second son, was Chief Secretary for Ireland. A large standing monument erected in 1588 by their 3rd surviving son Degory Tremayne (d.1601) of Collacombe, survives in Lamerton Church which includes "lively" statues of five of their brothers, with lengthy biographical inscriptions in verse and a profuse display of the family's heraldry including the arms of Grenville and Trenchard.
Roger Tremayne (d.1571/2)
Roger Tremayne (d.1571/2), the eldest son and heir, who married Anne Coffin, a daughter of Richard Coffin (d.1555) of Portledge in the parish of Alwington in Devon. They were predeceased by their only son John Tremayne (d.1553), and their 4 daughters were unable to inherit due to the tail male settlement.
Edmund Tremayne (d.1582)
Edmund Tremayne (d.1582), next younger brother, of Collaton, a clerk to the Privy Council of Queen Elizabeth I, who rebuilt the manor house at Collacombe, which survives today. Evidence of their work includes the surviving large heraldic plaster overmantel to the fireplace in the great hall, with date "1574". They married Ulalia St Leger, a daughter of Sir John St Leger (d.1596) of Annery, Monkleigh in Devon. They survived them and in 1583 remarried to Tristram Arscott (1544–1621) of Launcells, the son and heir of Richard Arscott (d.1578), the 4th son of John Arscott (d.1541) of Arscott in the parish of Holsworthy, Devon. Them father sold the manor of Annery to Tristram Arscott.
By Ulalia they had one surviving son, Francis Tremayne (April 1582-November 1582), who died an infant, having survived their father only a few weeks.
Francis Tremayne (1582-1582)
Francis Tremayne (April 1582-November 1582), only surviving son, who died an infant, having survived their father only a few weeks. Their heir under to entail was their uncle Degory Tremayne (d.1601).
Degory Tremayne (d.1601)
Degory Tremayne (d.1601) of Collacombe, uncle, 3rd surviving son of Thomas Tremayne (1496-1562/3). They succeeded to Collacombe in November 1582. In 1588, when only one of their other brothers was still living, they erected the large monument in Lamerton Church to their 5 brothers, as the inscription relates "Through duty mov'd they of their care and cost, Caus'd to be fram'd this monument embosses'd". They married Elizabeth Vasey, a daughter of Thomas Vasey of Tamerton and widow of Richard Browning. Secondly they married Katherine Courtenay, a daughter of Sir Peter Courtenay (d.1552) of Ugbrooke, in the parish of Chudleigh, Devon, Sheriff of Devon in 1549, whose monument survives in Chudleigh Church. They were the 2nd son of Sir William Courtenay (1477–1535) "The Great", of Powderham, MP for Devon 1529, Sheriff of Devon 1522, 1525-6, 1533-4 and Esquire of the Body to King Henry VIII. The arms of Tremayne impaling Courtenay appear at the top of the monument in Lamerton Church. The first part of the inscription on the monument erected by Degory is as follows:
This here erected massy type contains,
The history of latter-age Tremains;
Who numb'ring fair descents of ancestry,
Are drawn from lines of long antiquity.
Thomas their sire match'd one of Grenvil's blood,
Philip their name by birth a gentile good;
From out their womb unto the world's full view,
Eight sons and just so many daughters grew.
Roger first born stepp'd into father's stead;
Edmund by course succeeded father dead.
Next Edmund fell the land to Degory,
Who only wrought their wasted name supply.
Through duty mov'd they of their care and cost,
Caus'd to be fram'd this monument emboss'd,
As witness of their love to parents gone,
Not that their praise should be engraved thereon.
Richard and John, the fourth and fifth so hight,
Both safe one timely birth brought forth to light;
The sixth and seventh like after twins in all,
Were Nicholas and Andrew, stout and tall.
Robert the least, and eke by kind the last,
Dy'd e're the term of infancy was past.
Of eight male two near of one age and stature
- Yet live; the rest pay'd tribute unto nature.”
The parents of th' above recited race, -
Devoy'd of sense lie here inclos'd together,
Who Colacombe held their abiding place,
Till death's sad harbinger convey'd them hither.
Long faithful pairs they liv'd in wedlock-state,
And both enjoy'd many a blissful year,
E're marriage knot dissolved was by fate,
Which wife bereaved of their husband dear.
The widow left, made choice to wed no more,
But spent in prayer the remnant of their days;
And shortly went the path they went before,
The path to heav'n whereof Christ keeps the keys.
Their life and death did truly testify,
Both in God's fear did live, and favour die.”
Later Tremaynes
In 1653 Edmund Tremayne (1587-1667) of Collacombe, Digory's grandson, sold the family's ancient seat of Carwythenack to Anthony Chepman of Constantine, for £850. The Tremayne family abandoned Collacombe in about 1700 and moved their seat to Sydenham in the parish of Marystow in Devon, which Edmund Tremayne (1649-1698) (4th in descent from Degory Tremayne) had inherited on their marriage to Arabella Wise, only daughter and heiress of Sir Edward Wise (1632-1675) of Sydenham, thrice MP for Okehampton. Arthur III Tremayne (1735-1800) (son of Arthur II Tremayne (1700/1-1796), Sheriff of Devon in 1739, grandson of Edmund Tremayne (1649-1698)), the last in the senior male line and great-grandson of Arabella Wise, who died unmarried at Sydenham, finally sold Collacombe to Sir William Pratt Call, 2nd Baronet (1781–1851), and bequeathed Sydenham to their very distant cousin Rev. Henry Hawkins Tremayne (1741–1829) of Heligan, Cornwall.
Eales
Richard Eales, of Easton House, Dawlish, lord of the manor of Dawlish (which they purchased), purchased the estate of Collacombe from Arthur Tremayne (1735-1800), the last in the senior male line, and also purchased from them in 1792, in partnership with Charles Luxmoore, the manor of North Huish. They acquired Luxmoore's share and sold the whole to Richard King of Fowelscombe, who built a house on the estate. Eales purchased various other property in Devon, including Huish from the Duke of Roxburgh, which in about 1812 they sold on to Lord Clinton, who renamed it Heanton Satchville and made it their seat. Eales sold Collacombe to Sir William Pratt Call, 2nd Baronet (1781–1851).
Call
Collacombe was purchased from Richard Eales by the banker Sir William Pratt Call, 2nd Baronet (1781–1851), of Whiteford House, Stoke Climsland, Cornwall, Sheriff of Cornwall in 1807-8. It was let as a farmhouse from 1810, during which time parts were demolished. In 1887 it was the property of their grandson, Sir William George Montagu Call, 4th Baronet (1849–1903) of Whitford House, Launceston. In 1887 the Tremayne family still owned the advowson of Lamerton Church.
Jack
In the 1950s to after 1962 Collacombe was the home of Major Archibald Jack, who in the 1950s restored the building.
Goide
In 1993 it was the residence of Peter Goide (born 1937), a director of Provend Operating Ltd and of Collacombe Farm Ltd.
Further reading
Country Life Magazine, June 20, 1914, article on Collacombe Barton
Country Life Magazine, 1962, article on Collacombe, North Devon Record Office, B513/91
Collacombe Manor, Lamerton: An Exceptional Residential and Farming Property, 10 pages, by auctioneers Knight, Frank & Rutley, 1962
Prince, John, (1643–1723) The Worthies of Devon, 1810 edition, London, Biography of Tremain, Thomas, Esquire (1496-1562/3), pp. 739–742
Burke's Genealogical and Heraldic History of the Landed Gentry, 15th Edition, ed. Pirie-Gordon, H., London, 1937, p. 2275, pedigree of Tremayne of Heligan and Sydenham
References
Historic estates in Devon
1934 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 28th water polo championship in Hungary. There were eight teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
Magyar Sport Almanach 1931-1934
1934 in water polo
1934 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Deadly Skies may refer to:
Deadly Skies (series), the European name for the Airforce Delta video game series
Deadly Skies (1999 video game), the first video game in the series
Deadly Skies (2001 video game), the second video game in the series
Deadly Skies (film), a 2006 science-fiction film
Bursadella timetica is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by John Hartley Durrant in 1915. It is found on New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1915
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Olenev (, from олень meaning deer) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Oleneva. Notable people with the surname include:
Konstantin Olenev (born 1961), Russian football coach and former player
Tatiana Mishina (née Oleneva in 1954), Russian figure skating coach and former competitor
Russian-language surnames
The Modular Scalable Vest (MSV) is a bullet-resistant vest that has been introduced by the United States Armed Forces in 2018.
The Modular Scalable Vest is replacing all other body armor systems in use, including the Interceptor Body Armor, IOTV (Improved Outer Tactical Vest and SPCS (Soldier Plate Carrier System). The MSV is 5 pounds lighter when fully loaded with ballistic plates compared with its predecessor, the IOTV. The MSV fully loaded weighs 25 pounds.
The MSV has a four-tier configuration, allowing it to be scaled up or down depending on the threat and mission requirements
Concealable soft body armor
Hard armor plates and soft body armor
Carrier with ballistic plates and soft armor
Carrier with ballistic plates and soft armor as well as a “ballistic combat shirt" with "built in neck, shoulder and pelvic protection and a belt system to move items from the vest to the hips.”
Only a few ballistic material suppliers have been able to comply with the armor panel weight specifications demanded by the US Military: Teijn Aramid, DSM Dyneema and Honeywell Spectra. The U.S. Air Force has begun to issue the MSV to replace the IOTV, with the goal of issuing it exclusively by the end of fiscal year 2022.
References
Plate carriers
Military equipment of the United States
Body armor
Ballistic vests
Military equipment introduced in the 2010s
was a third-person puzzle-action video game that is published and developed by Namco Bandai Games for iOS. With rumors beginning in March 2011, the game was revealed in a pre-release state at E3 2011, and was released to the public on September 29. Katamari Amore is the second game of the Katamari franchise to be released on iOS, and features Game Center integration.
The game's plot revolves around the main character Prince retrieving specific items on the planet Earth for their father the King of All Cosmos.
Katamari Amore was removed from the Apple Store on March 30, 2015.
Story
The primary story deals with the Prince of All Cosmos adventures on Earth while carrying out missions for their father, known as the King of All Cosmos. One day while cleaning their room, the King finds a book known as "Have a Nice Trip!", which they had gotten while visiting the planet Earth. The book details different rare objects that can be seen around the world. Upon discovering the book, and realizing they are smitten with the beauty of the objects, they order Prince to Earth to roll them up and bring them back to him.
Gameplay
Much of the gameplay is the same as other games in the Katamari series, where a player controls the Prince of All Cosmos who rolls up various items across different levels with a "katamari" in order to increase size. As the katamari's size increases, it is able to roll up more items. Along the way, and depending on the game mode selected by the player, Prince's father, the King of All Cosmos dictates specific challenges that must be met.
There are multiple control scheme options available. In the "Acceleration Sensor" scheme, the accelerometer of the gaming device is utilized, and Prince is controlled by physically tilting the device. The "Double Virtual Pad" scheme, where dual virtual sticks are presented on-screen, is the most similar to the traditional style of controls featured in the original Katamari Damacy game. The third control scheme, "Single Virtual Pad", which is chosen by default, is the same as the previous scheme in that it also utilizes multi-touch, but only a single virtual stick is displayed on-screen. Regardless of the controls chosen, the option to quickly turn Prince around is achieved by tapping an on-screen button located at the bottom of the display.
Katamari Amore features several different modes of play. In "Story Mode", the player follows the game's storyline, and must complete the King's challenges. In "Time Attack Mode", the player simply attempts to roll as large a katamari as possible before the time available runs out. In "Exact Size Challenge Mode", the player attempts to roll the katamari to a specified size, while "Eternal Mode" allows the player to freely roam the level with an unlimited amount of time to roll the katamari as large as desired. Katamari Amore is initially installed on the device with a single level known as "John's Room" that is available to play in the "Time Attack Mode", while additional levels along with the unlocking of the rest of the game modes are available through in-game purchase of level "packs". "Eternal Mode" is only available for each level after it has been previously beaten.
The game features specific achievements attainable by players, that integrate with leaderboards on Game Center.
Development
Namco Bandai Games had submitted a trademark application to the European Union's Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market for the name Katamari Amore in 2011. At the time, it was rumored that Namco Bandai would be releasing a new game for the Katamari Damacy series, but any other details were unknown to the general public. In June 9, Namco Bandai officially announced the development of the game at E3 2011. On that day, Namco Bandai showcased a demo of the game on the E3 show floor that featured a playable first level and the Pac-Man-themed level.
Katamari Amore was released on September 29, 2011. The game premiered with seven total levels that were available to purchase in a single set from within the game known as the "Have a Nice Trip!" Pack.
After the game's release, on October 27, 2011, Namco Bandai released seven additional levels for the game purchasable in a set known as the "Time Trip" Pack.
Reception
Katamari Amore was met with mixed reviews. Andrew Hayward of GamesRadar claimed that despite the game's great performance on the iPad, it suffered in its controls. Chris Schilling of Pocket Gamer wrote that "it creates a poor first impression thanks to Namco's apparent misunderstanding of the freemium pricing model. All you get for your initial investment of zero pence is a two-minute time attack of one level".
References
External links
Katamari
2011 video games
IOS games
IOS-only games
Namco games
Puzzle video games
Video games developed in Japan
Kargı is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Manchester is a city in Northwest England. The M1 postcode area of the city includes part of the city centre, in particular the Northern Quarter, the area known as Chinatown, and part of the district of Chorlton-on-Medlock. The postcode area contains 193 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, 14 are listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade.
The area was an important commercial centre, and this is reflected in the listed buildings, as more than half of them originated as warehouses built mainly in the second half of the 19th century and the first quarter of the 20th century. These buildings also reflect the commercial wealth in the city at this time as many are elaborately decorated and designed in a variety of architectural styles, including Classical, Baroque, Romanesque, Gothic, and Edwardian Baroque. Some are in the form of an Italian palazzo, and one is in the form of a Scottish Baronial castle. Most of the warehouses have since been converted for other purposes, including offices, shops, hotels, and apartments. Industry in the city was stimulated by the arrival of canals in the late 18th century and railways in the early 19th century. The Ashton Canal and the Rochdale Canal pass through the area and form a junction within it. Listed structures associated with the canals include a flight of locks, an aqueduct, boundary walls, and bridges. Listed buildings associated with the railways include two stations, a viaduct, a warehouse, and goods offices. The area contained textile mills, some of which have survived and are listed, most of them in Chorlton-on-Medlock. On the edge of the commercial area is Piccadilly Gardens, an open space that contains a number of listed statues. Other listed buildings include houses, hotels and public houses, factories, civic buildings, offices, educational buildings, a former power station, and places of entertainment including former cinemas and a dance hall.
Key
Buildings
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Buildings and structures in Manchester
Dalby is a town in Faxe Municipality, in Region Zealand, Denmark.
Notes
Cities and towns in Region Zealand
Faxe Municipality
Multicaixa (MCX) is currently the only brand name for debit cards issued in Angola, and also the only interbank network of automated teller machines and point of sales terminals for electronic payments. While the ATMs and the POS (point of sale) terminals are owned by the supporting bank, the network is operated by EMIS (Empresa Interbancária de Serviços S.A.), and the Multicaixa cards of any bank are accepted at the same terms at any Multicaixa ATM or POS terminal. This is regulated by the national law on Angolan payment systems, the BNA directive No. 9/2011 of 13 October on the regulation of bank payment cards, and various other laws and directives regulating the Angolan financial system.
The ATMs accept Multicaixa debit cards and Visa credit cards (Visa credit cards are the only ones issued in Angola). EMIS is currently preparing for the acceptance of other international credit card brands like MasterCard. Besides cash advance and withdrawal, the ATMs offer other services like consultation of account balance and movements, transfer of funds to pay utility invoices, and recharging of prepaid mobile phone accounts.
The debit cards are issued by the bank where the customer has a bank account, using services of EMIS. Besides debit cards linked to a bank account, stored-value cards (prepaid debit cards) also exist, with and without the possibility to recharge them.
At the end of 2011, there were 2.377.969 valid Multicaixa cards, out of which 1.559.841 were being used at least once in their time of validity. There were 1.629 ATMs installed in the country, and 18.199 POS terminals. 81.943.904 transactions were performed at the ATMs in 2011, and 9.063.863 transactions on the POS terminals. Only 11% of the Angolan population has a bank account.
See also
Banco Nacional de Angola
References
External links
EMIS on Multicaixa bank cards
Financial services companies of Angola
Interbank networks
ORP Orzeł (291) is a Polish Navy 'Project 877E' () submarine.  They are the third Polish submarine to bear the name Orzeł (Eagle).
The boat was built by the Shipyard Krasnoe Sormovo in Gorky and was commissioned on 29 April 1986 at Riga. On 13 June of the same year Orzeł was transferred to Gdynia where they were named on 21 June. The submarine was assigned to the 3rd Flotilla based in Gdynia. It is currently the oldest Kilo-class submarine in active service.
References
Kilo-class submarines of the Polish Navy
Attack submarines
Ships built in the Soviet Union
1986 ships
Submarines of Poland
Poland–Soviet Union relations
Ships built by Krasnoye Sormovo Factory No. 112
Robert Erlacher (born 16 September 1963) is an Italian former alpine skier.
Career
They won a race in World Cup and competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Germanophone Italian people
People from Corvara, South Tyrol
Sportspeople from Südtirol
Group A of the 2001 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II was one of four pools in the Americas Zone Group II of the 2001 Fed Cup. Three teams competed in a round robin competition, with each team being assigned to its respective play-off region.
Puerto Rico vs. Bolivia
Bolivia vs. Jamaica
Puerto Rico vs. Jamaica
See also
Fed Cup structure
References
External links
Fed Cup website
2001 Fed Cup Americas Zone
Exix is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about seven described species in Exix, found in North, Central, and South America.
Species
These seven species belong to the genus Exix:
Exix bahia Mason, 1981
Exix colorados Mason, 1981
Exix columbica Mason, 1981
Exix itatiaia Souza-Gessner, Bortoni & Penteado-Dias, 2016
Exix mexicana Mason, 1981
Exix schunkei (Nixon, 1965)
Exix tinalandica Mason, 1981
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Sukunka Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
External links
Peace River Regional District
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1981
1981 establishments in British Columbia
Lepidodactylus labialis, also known as the Mindanao false gecko or dark-spotted smooth-scaled gecko, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Philippines. It is sometimes placed in the genus Pseudogekko.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Reptiles described in 1867
Taxa named by Wilhelm Peters
Blue Planet is a 1990 IMAX film directed by Ben Burtt, and produced by the IMAX Space Technology corporation for the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum, as well as Lockheed Corporation. Filmed with the cooperation of the NASA, it was written, edited, and narrated by Toni Myers.
Partially filmed from orbit during Space Shuttle missions, the film is about the planet Earth. The changes and constants are highlighted, and the film attempts to show how fragile and unique Earth is. Origins of the planet, how it has changed, what man's role in change is, and other issues are discussed. The film features footage that was filmed from space, underwater, computer animations based on satellite data, and a variety of views from the surface to illustrate the topics.
Summary
Blue Planet opens showing how the Apollo 11 Moon landing gives humanity a first whole and contemplative view of Earth. It then follows the Mission to Planet Earth (MTPE), a 1989 mission using the Space Shuttle Discovery intended to understand more about climate change.
The film first observes how living things depend on nature to thrive: for example, the unique anatomy of Lake Natron formed the lands of the Serengeti, cradle of a variety of animals. Only humans evolved and produced a global society, but they still need oxygen to thrive. Orbiters and spacesuits use a set of mechanisms to biomimick Earth's life support system. Rain helps plants grow, making rainforests a big source of oxygen. Some places, however, have different climates, and thus different types of nature, some fiercer than others. The film depicts Hurricane Hugo, Hurricane Jerry, the 1989 Sakurajima eruption, and the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake as examples. However despite these onslaughts, humans learn to live in harmony while peace remains.
However as humanity evolves, climate change worsens, making humans themselves a force of nature, one more lethal. Water bodies, oxygen, and rainforests—notably the Amazon rainforest—have been greatly polluted by human activities like pouring harmful materials, mass-producing cars, and burning. Light pollution is also concerned. The output of carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide into the air shrunk the size of the ozone, vital to protecting Earth from the Sun's ultraviolet. Because of these damages, the idea of worldwide restriction or ban the act of pollution have been popular. Astronaut James Buchli highlights the need for this decision through an existential reflection. The film ends by saying that Earth is the only home for humans and their descendants, urging all countries to unite and make their home a better place.
See also
Cosmic Voyage - Documentary film also commissioned by the Smithsonian Institution
References
External links
IMAX: Blue Planet Blu-ray Disc review
1990 films
IMAX short films
American short documentary films
Documentary films about nature
1990s short documentary films
Films directed by Ben Burtt
IMAX documentary films
Films scored by Maribeth Solomon
Films scored by Micky Erbe
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
You Were Mad for Me is the second album by the British group, Freddie and the Dreamers. The album was first released in 1964. This title should not be confused with "You Were Made for Me", a 1963 hit single that does not feature on the album.
Track listing
Side one
"Jailer Bring Me Water" (Bobby Darin) - 2:20
"It Doesn't Matter Anymore" (Paul Anka) - 2:06
"Tell Me When" (Geoff Stephens, Les Reed) - 2:05
"Cut Across Shorty" (Marijohn Wilkin, Wayne Walker) - 2:18
"I'll Never Dance Again" (Barry Mann, Mike Anthony) - 2;20
"What'd I Say" (Ray Charles) - 3:09
"See You Later, Alligator" (Robert Guidry) - 2:22
Side two
"Early in the Morning" (Bobby Darin, Woody Harris) - 1:57
"I Think of You" (Peter Lee Stirling) 2:09
"Only You" (Ande Rand, Buck Ram) - 2:40
"Johnny B. Goode" (Chuck Berry) - 2:55
"I Don't Love You Anymore" (John Carter, Ken Lewis, Geoff Stephens) - 2:30
"Say It Isn't True" (Chad Stuart, Russell Alquist) - 1:53
"Write Me a Letter" (Peter Lee Stirling) - 1:59
Personnel
Freddie Garrity – vocals
Derek Quinn – lead guitar
Roy Crewdson – rhythm guitar and vocals
Pete Birrell – bass guitar and vocals
Bernie Dwyer – drums
References
1964 albums
Freddie and the Dreamers albums
EMI Columbia Records albums
Pickwick Records albums
Joseph Morris (October 16, 1795 – October 23, 1854) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1843 1847.
They were the father of James Remley Morris, who served in the U.S. Congress during the Civil War.
Early life and career
Born in Greene County, Pennsylvania, Morris attended the public schools. They were sheriff of Greene County in 1824.
They moved to Woodsfield, Ohio, in 1829 and engaged in mercantile pursuits.
They served as a member of the State house of representatives in 1833 and 1834.
Congress
Morris was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Congresses (March 4, 1843 – March 3, 1847) from Ohio's 15th Congressional district. They were not a candidate for renomination in 1846.
Retirement and death
After retiring from the United States Congress they resumed business interests and then died in Woodsfield, Ohio on October 23, 1854. Morris was buried in Morris Cemetery, near Woodsfield.
Sources
1795 births
1854 deaths
People from Greene County, Pennsylvania
People from Woodsfield, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Pennsylvania sheriffs
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The American Music Performance Invitational for Mixed Choirs refers to a series of music festivals for top school choirs. The festivals are more commonly referred to as the AMP Invitationals. Produced by Choirs of America (COA), the inaugural AMP Invitational took place in Long Beach and Los Angeles on April 29–30, 2011. COA's stated mission is "to engage, inspire and educate choirs across the country." COA was recently named a "Citizen Musician" as part of the Citizen Musician Initiative fronted by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, music director Riccardo Muti and Yo-Yo Ma. Wenger Corp is COA's title sponsor.
Inaugural AMP Invitational
COA's first AMP Invitational took place on April 29–30, 2011. Clinicians and adjudicators included Jo-Michael Scheibe, Cheryl Frazes-Hill (assistant conductor of the Chicago Symphony Chorus, Jonathan Talberg, William Belan and Bruce Mayhall. Workshop presenters included Broadway producer Ken Davenport, motivational speaker Norm Hull, David Sears (senior director of education at the GRAMMY Foundation) and Terry Knowles (president and CEO of the Los Angeles Master Chorale).
The event culminated in a massed choir benefit concert with master conductor Eric Whitacre leading over 630 high school singers from three different states in a program that raised over $3,600.00 for L.A.'s Harmony Project. Participants included top mixed high school choirs from Branham, Calabasas, Chino Hills, Highland, Monte Vista, Porterville, Sprague, Thomas Downey, Tualatin, Westwood and Valencia. Highland High School from Gilbert, Arizona earned the coveted top rated choir slot (Monte Vista came in second, with Sprague placing third).
Future AMP Invitationals
2013 AMP Nationals for Top Choirs - New York City & Carnegie Hall - April 11, 12 & 13, 2013
Day one is a bonus day for subsidiary ensembles to have adjudicated performances and faculty reviews. Day 2 will feature adjudicated performances for primary ensembles, full one-hour clinics with Master Clinicians and Adjudicators Andre Thomas, Jerry Blackstone, Jeffrey Douma, and Gene Peterson. Vocal master classes with Matthew Oltman (music director emeritus of Chanticleer) and other workshops are also scheduled for all choirs.
Day two will occur at Carnegie Hall and will feature a massed choir rehearsal and prism concert led by Master Conductor, Anton Armstrong.
San Francisco, California - March 23–24, 2012
Featured clinicians and adjudicators include Jo-Michael Scheibe, Sharon Paul, Joshua Habermann (director of the Dallas Symphony Chorus), Timothy Seelig, and Susan McMane. Matthew Oltman will run the vocal master classes and Roger Treece will lead workshops in circle song improvisation. Day two will take place in Louise M. Davies Symphony Hall with master conductor Grant Gershon.
Washington DC area - March 30–31, 2012
Day one will take place at the University of Maryland in College Park, Maryland and will feature Jerry Blackstone, Karen Kennedy and Jameson Marvin as clinicians. Day two will occur at the Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center and will feature a massed choir benefit concert led by master conductor, Simon Carrington.
References
External links
Official Website
2013 AMP Nationals Website
Harmony Project
Citizen Musicians
Classical music festivals in the United States
Music competitions in the United States
Choral festivals
Music education organizations
Ebbe Glacier () is a tributary glacier about long, draining northwest from the Homerun Range and the Robinson Heights, and then west-northwest between the Everett Range and the Anare Mountains into Lillie Glacier, Victoria Land, Antarctica. This feature saddles with Tucker Glacier, the latter draining southeast to the Ross Sea. The glacier lies situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare. Robertson Glacier is a tributary glacier to Ebbe Glacier.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from air photos by US Navy Squadron VX-6, 1960–62, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Commander Gordon K. Ebbe, commanding officer of Squadron VX-6 from June 1955 to June 1956.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Pennell Coast
Peter Frederick Carter-Ruck (26 February 1914 – 19 December 2003) was an English solicitor, specialising in libel cases. The firm they founded, Carter-Ruck, is still practising.
Biography
Personal life
Carter-Ruck was educated at St Edward's School, Oxford. They spent three months in Germany during the 1930s, observing the rising popularity of Hitler and attending a rally in Freiburg. Upon their return, they trained and qualified as a solicitor.
Their daughter Julie Scott-Bayfield is also a libel lawyer.
Career
Carter-Ruck's first major case was defending the Bolton Evening News successfully against a libel action brought by the Labour MP Bessie Braddock, who, the paper had claimed, had danced a jig in Parliament.
In December 1995, Carter-Ruck acted for the royal nanny Tiggy Legge-Bourke in the matter of an allegation against them by Diana, Princess of Wales, that they had aborted Prince Charles's child.
Criticism
In 1980, the Daily Express editor Derek Jameson was advised by Carter-Ruck that if they sued the BBC over their portrayal of them in a Week Ending sketch, they would win at least £25,000 in damages. The barrister in the case, David Eady QC, however advised Carter-Ruck to accept the BBC's offer to settle for £10 plus costs. Carter-Ruck did not disclose this advice to their client. The jury found the broadcast defamatory, but also fair comment and Jameson had to pay costs, receiving a bill for £41,342.50 from Carter-Ruck. Jameson learned by chance of the QC's advice and Carter-Ruck's former partner David Hooper claimed that "Carter-Ruck told them a string of lies". Carter-Ruck later claimed that they did not want to undermine Jameson's morale in court.
References
External links
'The Carter-Ruck chill', The Guardian comment, December 2003
Peter Carter-Ruck obituary, Daily Telegraph, 22 December 2003
1914 births
2003 deaths
People educated at St Edward's School, Oxford
English solicitors
20th-century English lawyers
People from Steyning
Pseudexentera costomaculana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America (including Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, Virginia, Connecticut, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Nova Scotia and Pennsylvania).
The wingspan is about 14 mm.
The larvae feed on Hamamelis virginiana.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Moths described in 1860
Eucosmini
Laura Matilda Towne (May 3, 1825 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania – February 22, 1901, in St. Helena Island, South Carolina) was an American abolitionist and educator.  They are best known for forming the first freedmen's schools (those for newly freed slaves), notably the Penn School.
Early life
Laura Matilda Towne, the daughter of John Towne and Sarah Robinson was born on May 3, 1825, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Education & influences
Laura Towne originally studied medicine when the American Civil War broke out.
They were raised in Philadelphia hearing sermons about the abolition of slavery by their minister, William Henry Furness at the First Unitarian Church of Philadelphia. Influenced by these teachings, Towne answered the call for volunteers when the Union captured Port Royal and other Sea Islands area of South Carolina. With the help of their Quaker friend Ellen Murray (January 31, 1834 – April 7, 1908) they founded the Penn Center on St. Helena Island, the first school for newly freed slaves in the United States.
Laura Towne was buried at the Laurel Hill Cemetery, Section 7, Lot 77 to 80, in Philadelphia.
The Penn Center
The school started with nine students and operated out of the back room of a plantation house. Laura Towne and Murray spent the next forty years of their lives ministering to the freed slaves, developing their trust, providing them with medical care, teaching them to read and write, and fighting for their land rights. Laura Towne and Ellen Murray eventually adopted several African American children and raised them as their own.
They took care of the school for the rest of their life and eventually gave up practicing medicine. After their death, Penn School was transferred to Hampton Institute, at which time it began operating as the Penn Normal, Industrial, and Agricultural School.
Recognized as a National Historic Landmark, the Penn Center trained generations of students, including U.S. Congressman Robert Smalls (1839-1915). During the Civil Rights era the Penn Center served as a training ground for non-violent civil disobedience by welcoming Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Now a National Historic Landmark, the Penn Center celebrated 150 years education, leadership and service.
Sources
Laura Towne:Biography
About
References
1825 births
1901 deaths
People from Pittsburgh
American women educators
American Unitarians
Burials at Laurel Hill Cemetery (Philadelphia)
People from Saint Helena Island, South Carolina
Hershey Cemetery is a cemetery located in Hershey, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in 1918 and is the site of many notable burials.
History
Hershey, Pennsylvania was established in 1884 and Milton S. Hershey established many of the town's amenities. While many of the local churches had cemeteries, the town of Hershey had no community cemetery until Hershey Cemetery was established in 1918.
Given that Hershey, Pennsylvania had a young population at the time of its establishment there was originally no need for a cemetery. However, by 1916, Milton Hershey saw the need for Hershey to establish a cemetery as their wife Catherine Sweeney Hershey died in 1915. Catherine Sweeney's body was held at Laurel Hill Cemetery until Hershey Cemetery was established.
Milton Hershey donated land that was on Laudermilch Road, one mile north of Hershey, Pennsylvania, that overlooked the Swatara Creek basin to be used as the site of the Hershey Cemetery. The cemetery's design and landscaping was based upon the community cemetery's planned design from 1915. Shrubbery and bushes were placed throughout the cemetery. On July 31, 1923, Hershey transferred the land into a cemetery for $1.00.
Milton Hershey built a marble monument reading "Hershey," which marks the spot of the Hershey family's grave plots. In 2007, on the 150th anniversary of Milton Hershey's birthday, flowers were placed at their gravesite in celebration.
Notable burials
Catherine Sweeney Hershey, wife of Milton Hershey
Fanny Snavely Hershey, mother of Milton Hershey
Henry Hershey, father of Milton Hershey
Milton S. Hershey, chocolatier, business person and philanthropist
H. B. Reese, inventor and business person known for creating Reese's Peanut Butter Cups
References
External links
c
Cemeteries in Pennsylvania
Hershey, Pennsylvania
1918 establishments in Pennsylvania
The Juno Award for Rap Album or EP of the Year is an annual Canadian music award, presented by the Juno Awards to honour full-length releases by Canadian hip hop artists. Announced at the Juno Awards of 2021, it will be presented for the first time at the Juno Awards of 2022.
The award will be presented alongside a new category for Rap Single of the Year.
Until 2022, albums and individual songs were considered together under the single Rap Recording of the Year category. The changes were announced to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the creation of the Junos rap category.
Winners and nominees
References
Rap Album
Canadian hip hop
Joachim Gerhard Vobbe (January 5, 1947 – July 26, 2017) was a bishop of the Catholic Diocese of the Old Catholics in Germany.
Church career
Vobbe was ordained a priest on 14 June 1972; they married and has two sons. After serving as a chaplain (Kaplan) for five years in Catholic parishes in Cologne (1972–1974) and Düsseldorf (1974–1977), they joined the Old Catholic Church in 1977, becoming rector in Blumberg until 1982. They then served in Offenbach, latterly as Dean of Hesse.
In 1994, the 52nd Ordinary Diocesan Synod elected them to become their ninth diocesan bishop, succeeding Sigisbert Kraft. They were consecrated a bishop on 24 March 1995, serving as the Bishop of the Old Catholics in Germany (based in Bonn) until 2009. As bishop of a church in full communion with the Church of England, they have been licensed as an honorary assistant bishop in that church's Diocese in Europe since 1999. They died at Königswinter on 26 July 2017.
References
1947 births
2017 deaths
German Old Catholics
German Old Catholic bishops
People from Bad Honnef
The Captaincy General of Cuba () was an administrative district of the Spanish Empire created in 1607 as part of Habsburg Spain's attempt to better defend and administer its Caribbean possessions. It also involved creating captaincies general in Puerto Rico, Guatemala and Yucatán.
The restructuring of the Captaincy General in 1764 was the first example of the Bourbon Reforms in America. The changes included adding the provinces of Florida and Louisiana and granting more autonomy to these provinces. This later change was carried out by the Count of Floridablanca under Charles III to strengthen the Spanish position vis-a-vis the British in the Caribbean. A new governor-captain general based in Havana oversaw the administration of the new district. The local governors of the larger Captaincy General had previously been overseen in political and military matters by the president of the Audiencia of Santo Domingo. This audiencia retained oversight of judicial affairs until the establishment of new audiencias in Puerto Príncipe (1800) and Havana (1838).
In 1825, as a result of the loss of the mainland possessions, the Spanish government granted the governors-captain generals of Cuba extraordinary powers in matters of administration, justice and the treasury and in the second half of the 19th century gave them the title of Governor General.
History
Antecedents
Since the 16th century the island of Cuba had been under the control of the governor-captain general of Santo Domingo, who was at the same time, president of the audiencia there. They oversaw the local governor and the Santo Domingo Audiencia heard appeals from the island.
The conquest of Cuba was organized in 1510 by the recently restored Viceroy of the Indies, Diego Colón, under the command of Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar, who became Cuba's first governor until their death in 1524. The new settlers did not wish to be under the personal authority of Colón, so Velázquez founded the city of Nuestra Señora de la Asunción de Baracoa in 1511 and convoked a general cabildo (a local government council), which was duly authorized to deal directly with Spain. This legal move removed Velázquez and the settlers from under the authority of Colón, their nominal superior. It was a precedent that would come back to haunt Velázquez during Hernán Cortés's conquest of Mexico. Other cities were later founded under Velázquez: Bayamo in 1513; Santísima Trinidad, Sancti Spíritus and San Cristóbal de La Habana in 1514; Puerto Príncipe and Santiago de Cuba in 1515. After the conquest of Mexico, Cuba experienced an exodus of settlers, and its population remained small for the next two centuries.
In 1565 the Adelantado Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, who was also Captain General of the Spanish treasure fleet which rendezvoused in Havana, established the first permanent Spanish settlement in Florida, San Agustín, initially bringing the province under the administrative control of Cuba, although due to distance and sea currents, Florida's government was granted the right to correspond directly with the Council of the Indies.
The Church played an important role in the Spanish settlement of the Americas. Furthermore, since governors, as representatives of the King, oversaw church administration due to the crown's right of patronage, the church and state were tightly intertwined in Spanish America. The first diocese was established in 1518 in Baracoa and was made suffragan to the Diocese of Seville. The seat of the Diocese was transferred to Santiago de Cuba in 1522. In 1520 Pope Leo X established the short-lived Diocese of Santiago de la Florida (or "Santiago de la Tierra Florida"). In 1546 the Diocese of Santo Domingo was elevated to an Archdiocese and the Diocese of Santiago de Cuba was made suffragan to it.
Establishment
In 1607 Philip III created the Captaincy General of Cuba as part of larger plans to defend the Caribbean against foreign threats. The first captain general was Pedro Valdés. Around the same time other captaincies general were established in Puerto Rico (1580) and Central America (1609). Cuba was divided into two governorships with capitals in Havana and Santiago de Cuba. The governor of Havana was Captain General of the island. In 1650 Cuba received a large influx of refugees when the English captured Jamaica and expelled the Spanish settlers in the colony.
In 1756 the construction of ships for the Spanish Navy began with the establishment of an Intendancy of the Navy in Havana, which functioned as a royal shipyard.
The British capture of the island in 1762 during the Seven Years' War proved to be a turning point in the history of Cuba and Spanish America in general. The British captured Havana after a three-month siege and controlled the western part of the island for a year. Britain returned Cuba in exchange for Florida in the Treaty of Paris. The events revealed not only the weaknesses of the region's defenses but also proved just how much the Cuban economy had been neglected by the Spanish. During the year they controlled Cuba, the British and their American colonies conducted an unprecedented amount of trade with the island. A year earlier France had secretly ceded Louisiana to Spain in compensation for its losses as its ally during the war.
As a sign of the seriousness with which the government took the problems, the very year the Spanish retook control of Havana construction began on what would become the largest Spanish fort in the New World, San Carlos de la Cabaña on the eastern side of the entrance to harbor of Havana.
The Bourbon Reforms
Starting in 1764 the government apparatus of Cuba was completely reworked. A report on the island was created by Alejandro O'Reilly, which provided the basis for the changes. A new emphasis was placed on appointing military men to the governorship-captaincy general of Cuba, many of whom were later rewarded with the post of Viceroy of New Spain. To aid the captain general of Cuba, the governor of Santiago was made captain general of the province and given command of the military forces there. At the same time a new institution, which up until now had only been used in Spain, was introduced into Cuba: the intendancy. An intendencia de hacienda y guerra was set up in Havana to oversee government and military expenditures and to promote the local economy. The first Intendant, Miguel de Altarriba arrived on March 8, 1765. Other intendancies soon followed: Louisiana (1766), Puerto Príncipe (1786) and Santiago de Cuba (1786). In 1774 the first census of the island was carried out, revealing 171,670 inhabitants, and other measures were taken to improve the local economy.
These reforms, especially the institution of the intendancy, initiated a dramatic social and economic transformation of the island during the last half of the 18th century and early 19th. Cuba went from being a defensive post in the Caribbean sustained by a subsidy from New Spain, the situado, to becoming a self-sustaining and flourishing, sugar-, coffee- and tobacco-exporting colony, which also meant that large number of slaves were imported into Cuba. The agricultural economy was aided by the gradual opening of Cuban ports to foreign ships, especially after the loss of the mainland due to the independence wars.
Territorial gains and losses
During the American Revolutionary War Spain recaptured colonial Florida (which at that time included Gulf Coast lands extending all the way to the Mississippi River) from Great Britain, which was ratified in the 1783 Treaty of Paris. But, within about 35 years, all of this territory was incrementally obtained by the U.S.; this was due in part to boundary disputes.
The transfer of the Spanish part of Santo Domingo to France in 1795 in the Treaty of Basel, made Cuba the main Spanish possession in the Caribbean. The Audiencia of Santo Domingo was formally moved to Santa María del Puerto Príncipe (today, Camagüey) five years later, after temporarily residing in Santiago de Cuba. (It resided in Havana for a few years starting in 1808 before returning to Camagüey.)
The Church also experienced growth. In 1787 a Diocese of San Cristóbal de La Habana was established, which included Florida and Louisiana in its territory. In 1793 the Diocese of Louisiana and the Two Floridas was established. Both were suffragan to the Archdiocese of Santo Domingo, but after the Treaty of Basel, it disappeared, so Santiago de Cuba was elevated to an Archdiocese with the above-mentioned dioceses suffragan to it, and the Diocese of Puerto Rico.
The 19th century
The Spanish Constitution of 1812, enacted by the Cortes of Cádizwhich served as a parliamentary Regency after Ferdinand VII was deposeddeclared the territory of the Captaincy General an integral part of the Spanish Monarchy and transformed it into a province with its own elected diputación provincial, a governing board with joint administrative and limited legislative powers. Municipalities were also granted locally elected cabildos. The provincial deputation and cabildos functioned while the Constitution was in force from 1812 to 1814 and 1820 to 1823. Ultimately the Constitution was abolished by Ferdinand VII.
The death of Ferdinand VII brought about new changes. Regent María Cristina reconvened the Cortes, in its traditional form with three estates. In 1836, Constitutional government was reestablished in Spain, except this time the government in Spain, despite its liberal tendencies, defined the overseas territories as colonies, which should be governed by special laws. The democratic institutions, such as the Diputación Provincial and the cabildos, established by the 1812 Constitution were removed. The new Constitution of 1837 ratified Cuba's demoted status. However, the "special laws" by which the overseas areas would be governed were not drafted until three decades later, when a special Junta Informativa de Reformas de Ultramar (Overseas Informative Reform Board), with representatives from Cuba and Puerto Rico, was convened in 1865. Even then its proposals were never made into laws.
On 24 August 1821 the new Mexican Empire under Emperor Don Agustin de Iturbide, gave back the Island of Cuba and its Captaincy to the Spanish crown in good faith.
In the 1830s, judicial affairs were restructured. An Audiencia of Havana was created in 1838, with the jurisdiction of the Puerto Príncipe Audiencia limited to the east and center of the island. (The latter was temporarily abolished from 1853 to 1868.)
In 1851 the filibustering Lopez Expedition from the United States led by Narciso López and William Crittenden failed with many of the participants being executed. Three years later the territory was the subject of the Ostend Manifesto by which several American diplomats discussed a scheme to purchase Cuba from Spain, or even take it by force.
By mid-century a definite pro-independence movement had coalesced, and Cuba experienced three civil wars in thirty years that culminated in a US intervention and the island's eventual independence: the Ten Years' War (1868–78), the Little War (1879–80) and the War of Independence, which became the Spanish–American War. During the last war the issue of autonomy came to a head. In 1895 the Overseas Minister, with approval from the Prime Minister, took the extra-constitutional step in 1897 of writing the Constitución Autonómica, which granted the Caribbean islands autonomy, technically bringing the Captaincy General to an end. Given the urgency of the movement, the government approved this unusual measure. The new government of the island was to consist of "an Island Parliament, divided into two chambers and one Governor-General, representative of the Metropolis, who will carry out their duties in its name, the supreme Authority." The new government functioned only for a few months before the United States took control of the island.
Gallery
See also
List of colonial governors of Cuba
Piracy in the Caribbean
British expedition against Cuba
History of Cuba
Notes
References
Bibliography
Captaincy General of Cuba
Cuba
Cuba
Cuba
Former countries in the Caribbean
Captaincy General of Cuba
History of New Spain
Cuba
Cuba
Cuba
Cuba
1898 disestablishments in Cuba
Spanish-speaking countries and territories
Leslie Groves (9 June 1911 – 4 September 1990) was a New Zealand sportsman. They played 16 first-class matches for Otago between 1929 and 1950.
Groves was born at Dunedin in 1911 and educated at Otago Boys' High School in the city. They worked as a manager. As well as cricket, Groves played association football for Otago and represented the New Zealand national football team. Following their death in 1990 obituaries were published in the 1991 New Zealand Cricket Annual and in Wisden.
References
External links
1911 births
1990 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
Frances Bronet is a Canadian architect and academic administrator, currently serving as president of the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York.
Education
Bronet holds three undergraduate degrees from McGill University, including a Bachelor of Science in Architecture (1977) and professional Bachelor of Architecture (1978) from the McGill School of Architecture as well as a degree in civil engineering. They also completed a management diploma program. Bronet later earned an Master of Science in Architectural Design from Columbia University.  They are a member of Ordre des architectes du Québec.
Career
Bronet began their academic career as a faculty member at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1985. Previously, they served as acting provost at the University of Oregon. They also served Dean of the University of Oregon College of Design from 2005 to 2014. Bronet later served as senior vice president and provost at Illinois Institute of Technology. On January 2, 2018, Bronet was named the 12th president of the Pratt Institute.
References
Canadian women architects
Pratt Institute faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
McGill School of Architecture alumni
The T E Ranch Headquarters, near Cody, Wyoming, is a log ranch house that belonged to buffalo hunter and entertainer Buffalo Bill Cody (1846–1917). The house may have originally been built by homesteader Bob Burns prior to 1895, when Cody acquired the ranch. Cody expanded the ranch to about eight thousand acres (32 km2), using the T E brand for their thousand head of cattle.
The house faces the Shoshone River and is a little more than long by about wide. Short extensions exist on the southeast and northwest sides. With its broad, gently sloping roof, it is an archetypal ranch house. Two cupolas have been built on the roof to provide light and ventilation. The house has been renovated within without substantial loss of character. The grounds include indigenous plants that have been transplanted to the house's river-bottom surroundings, a place where they would not normally exist, but which are in keeping with the headquarters of a large ranch. An unusual feature is the collection of antlers and horns placed on the grounds.
Cody's TE Ranch was the center of their efforts to irrigate more than of semi-arid land under the Carey Act of 1894. Cody's manager was George T. Beck, who began what became known as the Shoshone Reclamation Project, which culminated in the construction of Buffalo Bill Dam. However, the project was beyond the scope of Cody's finances, and they signed the water rights to the land back to the State of Wyoming in 1904. The TE's ranch lands bordered on the Yellowstone Timberland Reserve, established in 1891, which offered summer range grazing. Cody acquired neighboring properties, then cut back as financial troubles grew. At the time of Cody's death in 1917 the TE comprised about and 500 head of cattle. By 1916 Cody was considering the use of the TE as a dude ranch, but died before carrying out their plan.
After Cody's death the ranch passed to Philadelphian Stanley Groves. Groves continued the ranching operation but also used the TE as a family retreat, building cabins and a log octagonal library/game house. After Groves' death in 1930 the property was sold to Paul Patton of Kansas City, an associate of Tom Pendergast who was forced to sell when Pendergast's political organization in Kansas City came under investigation. The next buyer was Robert W. Woodruff, then-president and later board chairperson of the Coca-Cola Company. The property passed from Woodruff in 1972 to another Coca-Cola executive, Charles Duncan.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
T E Ranch Headquarters at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Houses in Park County, Wyoming
Ranches in Wyoming
Ranches on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Park County, Wyoming
Virtual Programming is a video game publisher for OS X and Linux.
Virtual Programming has worked with publishers such as Square Enix, 2K Games, Epic, Codemasters, Techland and CD Projekt Red. Virtual Programming sources games from these publishers for porting to and publishing on the Mac and Linux platforms.
The company's macOS titles are available in the Mac App Store and via their own distribution channel, deliver2mac. In May 2014, they released their first Linux port, Witcher 2, using a proprietary technology called eON.
Games
Mac
Airline Tycoon Deluxe
Ankh 2 Heart of Osiris
ATV Quad Kings
Battle vs. Chess
Birdie Shoot 2
Blitzkrieg
Blitzkrieg Anthology
Call of Duty 2
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare
Capitalism 2
Commander: Conquest of the Americas
Crusader Kings Complete
Crusader Kings 2
Cultures Northlands
DiRT Showdown
Earth 2140
Europa Universalis 2
Europa Universalis III Chronicles
Europa Universalis Rome Gold
Falcon 4.0: Allied Force
FlatOut 2
Hearts of Iron 2 Complete
Hearts of Iron 3: For the Motherland
Hearts of Iron 3: Their Finest Hour
Jack Keane
Jade Rousseau: The Secret Revelations
The Journey Down
King Arthur II
King Arthur 2 - Dead Legions
Knights and Merchants
Lemure
March of the Eagles
Marine Park Empire
Patrician IV
Reel Deal Card Games 2011
Reel Deal Casino Gold Rush
Reel Deal Casino High Roller
Reel Deal Casino Imperial Fortune
Reel Deal Casino Millionaire's Club
Reel Deal Slots Blackbeard's Revenge
Reel Deal Slots Ghost Town
Reel Deal Slots Mysteries of Cleopatra
Reel Deal Slots Mystic Forest
Reel Deal Slots Treasures of the Far East
Restaurant Empire 2
Pipemania
Pirates of Black Cove
Restaurant Empire 2
Robin Hood - The Legend of Sherwood
Sengoku
Spec Ops: The Line
Stronghold 3
Summer Games
Supreme Ruler Cold War
Two Worlds Pirates of the Flying Fortress
Two Worlds II
Two Worlds II Castle Defense
Velvet Assassin
Victoria 2
Victoria 2: A House Divided
Victoria 2 Heart of Darkness
Victoria Complete
The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings
World Golf Challenge
Winter Games
Linux
BioShock Infinite
Dirt: Showdown
Spec Ops: The Line
Saints Row 2
Saints Row: The Third
Saints Row IV
Stronghold 3
The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings
References
External links
Video game companies established in 2000
Linux companies
Linux game porters
Macintosh software companies
Video game companies of the United Kingdom
Video game development companies
British companies established in 2000
King's Highway 53, commonly referred to as Highway 53, was a provincially maintained highway in the southern portion of the Canadian province of Ontario that connected Woodstock to Hamilton via Brantford. The route served as a southerly bypass to Highway 2, avoiding Paris, Ancaster and Hamilton. In addition to the previously mentioned cities, Highway53 served the communities of Cathcart and Burford.
First designated in 1935, the route remained in place until it was downloaded to local jurisdiction in 1997. For much of its history, the road was concurrent with Highway2 between Woodstock and Eastwood, as well as between Brantford and Ancaster. Today the route is known by various local names, including Oxford County Road55, Brant County Highway53, Wilson Street, Garner Road and Rymal Road. It serves as a viable alternative to Highway2 or Highway403.
Route description
The route of former Highway53 began in the west at Oxford County Road2, formerly Highway2. From the community of Eastwood, which lies east of Woodstock, the road travelled southeast through farmland as Oxford County Road55 and crosses Highway403, with which there is an interchange.
Soon thereafter, the route entered the community of Muir, at the Oxford County and County of Brant boundary.
East of this point the route is known as Brant County Highway53, where it continued southeast passing through the community of Cathcart. It eventually straightened out and travelled east through Burford. As the road approached Brantford, intersecting Highway 24 (Rest Acres Road), it skirted the southern edge of Brantford Municipal Airport.
Within Brantford, the former highway is now known as Colborne Street, although the section through downtown Brantford is a one-way street; westbound traffic is directed onto Dalhousie Street. The route crossed the Grand River west of downtown, intersecting and becoming concurrent with former Highway2 at Brant Avenue. It intersected the southern terminus pf what is now Wayne Gretzky Parkway, towards the eastern end of town, and eventually crossed a Southern Ontario Railway track into the community of Cainsville. After returning to farmland, the route passed through the community of Langford and soon thereafter entered Hamilton.
History
Highway53 was created in the mid-1930s to bypass the congested section of Highway2 between Woodstock and Brantford. It was later extended into Hamilton to improve the layout of highways around that city, specifically Highway 20A.
On August14, 1935, the Department of Highways (DHO) assumed the Burford Road, between Highway2 in Eastwood and Highway24 (Mount Pleasant Street) in Brantford, as a provincial highway.
The new Highway53 entered Brantford along Burford Street, turning onto Oxford Street at Welsh Street and becoming concurrent with Highway24 to cross the Grand River. On the opposite side, Highway53 ended at Highway2 (Brant Avenue).
Burford and Oxford streets have since been renamed as Colborne Street West. At its western terminus, the route intersected Highway2 in Eastwood, then travelled concurrently with it for west into Woodstock.
In 1937, a series of route renumberings took place in the Hamilton area. Among these was the renumbering of Highway20A, which prior to then followed Upper Gage Avenue to Rymal Road. Rymal Road was also numbered Highway20A from Duff's Corners, south of Ancaster, to Elfrida, at the junction of Rymal Road and Centennial Parkway (Highway20). Following the renumbering, the route north into Hamilton became Highway 55, while Garner Road and Rymal Road became an extension of Highway53. To connect the two sections of the route, a concurrency was established along Highway2 between Brantford and Duff's Corners.
The highway was fully paved by 1939,
though most sections of it were paved when it was commissioned as a provincial highway.
The only unpaved section, between Eastwood and Burford, was paved in 1937 and 1938.
In 1954, the concurrency with Highway2 near Woodstock was discontinued, establishing the western terminus at Eastwood.
The route remained this way until the late-1990s. In 1997, the remainder of Highway 53 was downloaded to Regional Municipality of Oxford County, Brant County, and the City of Hamilton (formerly the Regional Municipality of Hamilton-Wentworth).
The road is now known as Oxford County Road 55, Brant County Highway 53, and Brant County Highway 2/53 (for being co-signed with fellow defunct road Highway 2). In Hamilton, the road is simply known as Rymal Road and Garner Road.
The former is named after William Rymal, (1759–1852), farmer and one of the earliest settlers on the Hamilton mountain.
Major intersections
References
Roads in Hamilton, Ontario
Transport in Brantford
Transport in Woodstock, Ontario
Ontario county roads
053
1935 establishments in Ontario
is a private junior college in Tosu, Saga, Japan, established in 1952. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1878.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1878
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Universities and colleges in Saga Prefecture
1878 establishments in Japan
Jason Garrity (born 9 November 1993) is an English motorcycle speedway rider who won the British Under-19 Championship and the National League Riders Championship in 2011.
Biography
Born in Longsight but now living in Droylsden, Greater Manchester, Garrity was raised by their grandfather, former world kickboxing champion Kenny Longshaw. After taking up speedway in 1999, they progressed to a 500cc bike at the age of ten and won the British Under-15 championship in 2008. They began riding for Buxton Hitmen in 2009, becoming a regular part of the team the following year. In December 2010 they were signed by Belle Vue Aces who made them part of their National League Colts side in 2011. In July 2011 they won the British Under-19 Championship at Rye House, and later that month made their Elite League debut for the Aces in two matches against the Peterborough Panthers. The following month they joined Premier League team the Leicester Lions on loan for the remainder of the season. They added another title in September when they won the National League Riders Championship, also at Rye House. In November 2011 they signed to ride for Rye House Rockets in 2012. They were a Grand Prix reserve in 2014. Garrity signed the Coventry Bees on a full transfer from Rye House Rockets in 2015. In 2017 they signed for Redcar Bears in the British SGB Championship. After a fourth placed finish in the British Riders Championship in June 2018, they signed a temporary 28-day contract with the Belle Vue Aces.
In 2020, Garrity was charged for burglary and robbery. According to news reports, "He appeared before Stockport Magistrates' Court today (Monday 20 April 2020) where they were remanded to appear before Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court on 18 May 2020." They were sentenced to seven years and six months in prison.
References
1993 births
Living people
British speedway riders
English motorcycle racers
Sportspeople from Manchester
Buxton Hitmen riders
Coventry Bees riders
Redcar Bears riders
A low-code development platform (LCDP) provides a development environment used to create application software through a graphical user interface. A low-coded platform may produce entirely operational applications, or require additional coding for specific situations. Low-code development platforms can reduce the amount of traditional time spent, enabling accelerated delivery of business applications. A common benefit is that a wider range of people can contribute to the application's development—not only those with coding skills but require a good governance to be able to adhere to common rules and regulations. LCDPs can also lower the initial cost of setup, training, deployment and maintenance.
Low-code development platforms trace their roots back to fourth-generation programming language and the rapid application development tools of the 1990s and early 2000s. Similar to these predecessor development environments, LCDPs are based on the principles of model-driven design, automatic code generation, and visual programming. The concept of end-user development also existed previously, although LCDPs brought some new ways of approaching this development. The low-code development platform market traces its origins back to 2011. The specific name "low-code" was not put forward until 9 June, 2014, when it was used by the industry analyst Forrester Research. Along with no-code development platforms, low-code was described as "extraordinarily disruptive" in Forbes magazine in 2017.
Use
As a result of the micro computer revolution, businesses have deployed computers widely across their employee bases, enabling widespread automation of business processes using software. The need for software automation and new applications for business processes places demands on software developers to create custom applications in volume, tailoring them to organizations' unique needs. Low-code development platforms have been developed as a means to allow for quick creation and use of working applications that can address the specific process- and data needs of the organization.
Reception
Research firm Forrester estimated in 2016 that the total market for low-code development platforms would grow to $15.5 billion by 2020. Segments in the market include database, request handling, mobile, process and general purpose low-code platforms.
Low-code development's market growth can be attributed to its flexibility and ease. Low-code development platforms are shifting focus towards general purpose of applications, with the ability to add in custom code when needed or desired.
Mobile accessibility is one of the driving factors of using low-code development platforms. Instead of developers having to spend time creating multi-device software, Low-code packages typically come with that feature standard.
Because they require less coding knowledge, nearly anyone in a software development environment can learn to use a low-code development platform. Features like drag and drop interfaces help users visualize and build the application
Security and compliance concerns
Concerns over low-code development platform security and compliance are growing, especially for apps that use consumer data. There can be concerns over the security of apps built so quickly and possible lack of due governance leading to compliance issues. However, low-code apps do also fuel security innovations. With continuous app development in mind, it becomes easier to create secure data workflows. Still the fact remains that low-code development platforms that do not apply and strictly adhere to Normalized Systems Theory do not solve the challenge of increasing complexity due to changes.
Criticisms
Some IT professionals question whether low-code development platforms are suitable for large-scale and mission-critical enterprise applications. Others have questioned whether these platforms actually make development cheaper or easier. Additionally, some CIOs have expressed concern that adopting low-code development platforms internally could lead to an increase in unsupported applications built by shadow IT.
See also
DRAKON
End-user computing
End-user development
Flow-based programming
List of online database creator apps
List of low-code development platforms
Visual programming language
Low Code Application Development
References
Enterprise architecture
Software development
Katharine Briggs may refer to:
Katharine Mary Briggs (1898–1980), British author of various books on fairies and folklore
Katharine Cook Briggs (1875–1968), American writer, co-inventor of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator
Bruce Pettit McCune (born 1952) is an American lichenologist, botanist, plant ecologist, and software developer for analysis of ecological data.
Biography
McCune grew up in Cincinnati. They completed their first-year student year of college at Lawrence University in Appleton, Wisconsin, and then transferred to the University of Montana in the autumn of 1971. There they graduated in 1974 with a bachelor's degree in botany. From 1971 to 1974 McCune and their then girlfriend, Patricia S. Muir, spent considerable time on Mount Sentinel, where they investigated lichens, mosses, and other plants. From 1974 to 1975 they travelled and also worked for two summers in Montana for the Bureau of Land Management. From 1976 to 1979 they were a graduate student at the University of Montana, where they graduated with a master's degree. In August 1979 they married Patricia Muir. They graduated in 1975 with a bachelor's degree in botany from the University of Montana. In 1979 the couple matriculated as graduate students at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. There they received in 1982 their Ph.D. with a dissertation on forest ecology and they received in 1984 their Ph.D. with a dissertation on plant ecology. In 1984 they became a postdoc in Indianapolis. At Oregon State University they were from 1987 to 1993 an assistant professor, from 1993 to 1999 an associate professor, and from 1999 to the present a full professor. Patricia Muir also obtained a professorship at Oregon State University.
The genus Bruceomyces is named in honor of Bruce McCune. Since 2012 they have been a member of the editorial board of The Bryologist.
They and their wife have two daughters.
Selected publications
Articles
Books
with Trevor Goward & Del Meininger:
with Trevor Goward:
with Linda Geiser:
with James Grace:
with Roger Rosentreter:
with several others:
See also
:Category:Taxa named by Bruce McCune
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
American lichenologists
Plant ecologists
University of Montana alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Oregon State University faculty
Acharius Medal recipients
The Chatterton Baronetcy, of Castle Mahon, in the County and City of Cork, was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 3 August 1801 for James Chatterton, member of the Irish House of Commons for Doneraile (1783) and Baltimore (1781), who also held the offices of King's Serjeant, and Keeper of the State Papers. Their family had come to Ireland in the time of Elizabeth I: Thomas Chatterton received a grant of land at Ardee in 1573. The family subsequently moved to County Cork.
The first Baronet had two sons, who each inherited the title in turn. The third Baronet, James Charles, served as MP for Cork from 1849 to 1852 and as High Sheriff of County Cork for 1851; they were also a distinguished soldier who as a young officer had fought in the Peninsular War and at the Battle of Waterloo, later becoming a General in the British Army. Their only son died in infancy, and the baronetcy became extinct on their death in 1874.
Chatterton baronets, of Castle Mahon (1801)
Sir James Chatterton, 1st Baronet (died 9 April 1806)
Sir William Abraham Chatterton, 2nd Baronet (5 August 1794 – 1855)
Sir James Charles Chatterton, 3rd Baronet (1794 – 5 January 1874)
Arms
References
Debrett, John Baronetage of England London 1840
Hart, A.R History of the King's Serjeants at law in Ireland Dublin Four Courts Press 2000
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Truro Boscawen (Cornish: ) was an electoral division of Cornwall in the United Kingdom which returned one member to sit on Cornwall Council between 2009 and 2021. It was abolished at the 2021 local elections, being succeeded by Truro Boscawen and Redannick and Truro Moresk and Trehaverne.
Councillors
Extent
Truro Boscawen represented almost the whole of the centre of Truro, including Truro Cathedral and the Royal Cornwall Museum, as well as the north of the city, including Tregurra, Moresk and most of Daubuz Moors (a small part of which was covered by the Truro Trehaverne division). Despite its name, it did not cover Boscawen Park which was entirely within the neighbouring Truro Tregolls division.
The division was abolished and reformed during boundary changes at the 2013 election. The 2009-2013 division had represented the parts of Truro south of the city centre. At the 2013, it switched to generally covering the area north of the city centre, with Truro Redannick covering most of its former area. Before the boundary changes, the division covered 280 hectares in total; afterwards, it covered 164 hectares.
Election results
2017 election
2013 election
2009 election
References
Electoral divisions of Cornwall Council
Politics of Truro
Roger Alan Dobson (1954–2013) was a British author, journalist, editor and literary researcher.
Dobson wrote the Arthur Machen entry in the Dictionary of National Biography. They also edited John Gawsworth's biography of Machen and co-edited Machen's Selected Letters (with Godfrey Brangham and R. A. Gilbert, 1988). They were a regular contributor to Antiquarian Book Monthly Review, Faunus (the journal of the Friends of Arthur Machen), All Hallows (the journal of the Ghost Story Society), Wormwood and The Doppelganger Broadsheet.
Works
Books written by Dobson
Ann Lee: The Manchester Messiah, St John Press, 1987
Hail, O King! The Last Days of John Gawsworth, Tartarus Press/Friends of Arthur Machen, 2005
The Library of the Lost, Tartarus Press, 2015 (edited and with an Introduction by Mark Valentine, with a Foreword, 'A Remarkable Man' by Javier Marías)
Books edited by Dobson
Arthur Machen: Apostle of Wonder, Caermaen Books, 1985 (edited with Mark Valentine)
Arthur Machen, Artist & Mystic, Caermaen Books, 1986 (edited with Mark Valentine)
Taverns and Temples: A Guide to Some London Haunts of Arthur Machen, Caermaen Books, 1986 (edited with Mark Valentine)
Dreams and Visions by Arthur Machen & Morchard Bishop, Caermaen Books, August 1987 (edited with Mark Valentine, though both uncredited)
Machenstruck: Tributes to the Apostle of Wonder, Caermaen Books, 1988 (edited with Mark Valentine, though both uncredited)
Selected Letters of Arthur Machen: The Private Writings of the Master of the Macabre, The Aquarian Press, 1988 (edited with Godfrey Brangham and R. A. Gilbert)
The Life of Arthur Machen by John Gawsworth, The Friends of Arthur Machen, Reino de Redonda, Tartarus Press, 2005
Journals edited by Dobson
Aklo: A Journal of the Fantastic, various issues 1988–1998 (edited with Mark Valentine)
Redondan Cultural Foundation Newsletter (edited with Mark Valentine)
The Lost Club Journal, various issues 1999–2004
Radio scripts by Dobson
Redonda: The Island With Too Many Kings, BBC Radio 4 programme narrated by Angus Deayton, broadcast 22 May 2007. Interviewees include Javier Marías (King Xavier), Jon Wynne-Tyson (ex-King Juan II) and their wife Jennifer, Fay Weldon, Brian Stableford, Bob Williamson (King Robert the Bald), William L. Gates (King Leo), Oliver Cox, Cedric Boston (King Cedric), A. S. Byatt and Arthur Freeman.
Eagle: The Space Age Weekly, presented by Sir Tim Rice, broadcast 23 December 2010.
Classics Illustrated: The Comic Book Unbound, presented by Bill Paterson, broadcast 25 October 2011.
Scream Queens, presented by Reece Shearsmith, broadcast 15 October 2012.
References
External links
Obituary of Roger Dobson in El Pais
Obituary of Roger Dobson on Wormwoodiana
British writers
1954 births
2013 deaths
British journalists
Nagad Railway Station is the new and only passenger rail station of Djibouti City, the capital of Djibouti.
Overview
Located in the south of the city near Djibouti–Ambouli International Airport, it serves as the terminus for passenger rail services on the new Addis Ababa–Djibouti Railway, which runs southwards from Nagad Railway Station towards the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa.
The new passenger rail station replaces the old and now decommissioned Djibouti City Railway Station, which served as the terminus of the now-abandoned metre-gauge Ethio-Djibouti Railway.
Transport
Nagad Railway Station also handles freight trains. It is the main freight station of Djibouti, with the Port of Doraleh of Djibouti City being the only other. Only freight trains continue northwards from Nagad Railway Station to the Port of Doraleh - on diesel power, the electrified section of the standard-gauge railway terminates at Nagad Railway Station.
The railroad and the railway station is operated by Société Djiboutienne De Chemin De Fer (Djiboutian Railway Company), the national railway operator. On 10. January 2017, both the railway station and the section of the railway on Djibouti territory were inaugurated in a ceremony held in the new station by Djibouti's President Ismail Omar Guelleh and Ethiopia's prime minister Hailemariam Dessalegn.
It was originally expected that passenger services from Nagad Railway Station start three months after the official inauguration in January 2017, but passenger trains running on schedule haven't been observed ever since (as of end of June 2017). The station is in frequent use by freight trains, though.
See also
Railway stations in Djibouti
References
Djibouti (city)
Rail transport in Djibouti
Railway stations in Djibouti
Standard gauge railways in Djibouti
Railway stations opened in 2017
2017 establishments in Djibouti
International railway lines
German submarine U-2323 was a Type XXIII submarine of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. They were constructed at Hamburg during the spring of 1944, completed on the 18 July and given to Leutnant zur See Walter Angermann to command. A fast high-technology coastal boat, U-2323 was expected to be the new war-winning weapon in the Kriegsmarine 's arsenal.
Design
Like all Type XXIII U-boats, U-2323 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. They had a total length of (o/a), a beam width of (o/a), and a draught depth of. The submarine was powered by one MWM six-cylinder RS134S diesel engine providing , one AEG GU4463-8 double-acting electric motor providing , and one BBC silent running CCR188 electric motor providing .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate at for ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-2323 was fitted with two torpedo tubes in the bow. They could carry two preloaded torpedoes. The complement was 14–18 men. This class of U-boat did not carry a deck gun.
Service history
The seas around the German coastline were subject to very heavy allied attack during the final two years of the war, as the Royal Air Force sought to restrict German movement around their coasts by sowing thousands of air-dropped naval mines, thus delaying the production and training of new boats, disrupting coastal shipping and destroying several boats before they could become involved in the Battle of the Atlantic.
The U-2323 was a victim of this campaign, when on the 26 July 1944, just eight days old, they were sunk off Möltenort at the entrance to Kiel harbour on their maiden voyage. Two of their crew were killed in the blast, although the survivors managed to safely reach the shore. They were then transferred to other units. The holed boat was raised in early 1945, but was still undergoing repairs in Kiel at the time of the German surrender. It was broken up in situ post-war.
References
Bibliography
External links
World War II submarines of Germany
Type XXIII submarines
U-boats sunk by mines
World War II shipwrecks in the Baltic Sea
U-boats commissioned in 1944
U-boats sunk in 1944
1944 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
Maritime incidents in July 1944
Hanna Rambe is an Indonesian writer and journalist (born 23 November 1940 in Jakarta).
Biography
They were educated largely in Jakarta. In the mid-1960s, they entered the Literature Department at the University of Indonesia where they enrolled in the English language division, but they did not complete their schooling. They began working as a journalist, beginning as a copy-editor at the Indonesian Observer newspaper, and then worked as a translator and reporter for Indonesia Raya until 1974. They also worked as a contributor to the magazine Intisari (1972–1977), and then as a journalist at Mutiara magazine from (1977–1992).
According to Jane Miller, Rambe's stories are infused with a strong sense of irony—in "The Love of City People," a country girl is confused when they meet their city relatives and finds out that they care more about their pets than each other. An English translation of this story is available at the Indonesian Translation Service.
Rambe's work as a journalist provided them the opportunity to travel and their journeys provided inspiration for their stories.  They are also known as an author who researches their subject in detail prior to writing; when preparing Mirah dari Banda they lived for a month in Banda doing research; while writing Seorang Lelaki dari Waimital, Rambe went back and forth to Seram, to the difficult to reach interior of the island.
According to Korrie Layun Rampan, Hanna Rambe is a mystery novelist who explores history and connects with the issue of fate as exemplified in Mirah dari Banda.
Not all of their works are works of fiction. Them profession as a journalist influenced the form of their writing. Among their other works are biographies: Terhempas Prahara ke Pasifik, Mencari Makna Hidupku (a biography of Ibu Suyatin Kartowijono, a pioneer in the struggle for women's rights from the 1920s), and Pelayaran Cadik Nusantara (a youth who took a fishing boat alone all the way to Brunei). Today, Hanna Rambe has retired from journalism and spends their days writing as well as teaching English.  They are currently working on a three-volume history of Eastern Indonesia in the seventeenth century.
Selected works
References
External links
1940 births
Indonesian women writers
Indonesian journalists
Indonesian women journalists
Indonesian women novelists
Indonesian Observer people
Living people
The 1911 Georgetown Blue and Gray football team represented Georgetown University during the 1911 college football season. Led by Fred K. Nielsen in their second year as head coach, the team went 7–1–1, the champion among the South Atlantic teams. The team was led at quarterback by Harry Costello.
Schedule
References
Georgetown
Georgetown Hoyas football seasons
Georgetown Blue and Gray football
Wake Up is the debut studio album by Swedish singer Jessica Andersson. The album was released in November 2009 and peaked at number 10 on the Swedish Albums Chart.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2009 debut albums
Jessica Andersson albums
Joseph Michael Fletcher (born 25 September 1946) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward for Rochdale, Grimsby Town and Barrow. In the 1967–68 season, they were top goalscorer for Rochdale.
References
1946 births
Living people
Footballers from Manchester
English footballers
Association football forwards
Manchester City F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Barrow A.F.C. players
Chorley F.C. players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Mossley A.F.C. players
Macclesfield Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Matodzi Mirriam Ramadwa is a South African politician. A member of the African National Congress, they were elected to the Limpopo Provincial Legislature in 2009. In 2013, they were appointed as the Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for Sports, Arts and Culture. Ramada was elected as the speaker of the provincial legislature in 2014. In 2015, they resigned as speaker. Ramadwa was elected to the National Assembly of South Africa in 2019.
Background
Ramadwa is a nurse by profession. They earned a certificate in Leadership and Governance and a certificate in Labour Law from the University of the Witwatersrand. From the University of the Western Cape, they earned a diploma in Economic Management Science.
Political career
Ramadwa formerly served on the provincial executive committee (PEC) and the provincial working committee (PWC) of the African National Congress in Limpopo. They were also the acting chairperson of the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COASTU) in the province.
Ramadwa was elected to the Limpopo Provincial Legislature in 2009. In July 2013, they were appointed by premier Stanley Mathabatha as the Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for Sport, Arts and Culture. Following the 2014 general elections, Ramadwa was elected as the speaker of the provincial legislature. In May 2015, the ANC ordered Ramadwa to resign as speaker of the provincial legislature, so that ANC MP Polly Boshielo could replace them They refused to resign as speaker. On 15 August 2015, the ANC suspended their membership pending disciplinary action.
Ramadwa finally resigned as speaker on 29 September 2015, the same day that the ANC's motion for their removal as speaker was set to be debated in the provincial legislature. The suspension of their ANC membership was lifted on 18 November 2015. They continued as an ordinary member of the provincial legislature until the 2019 elections. In the 2019 elections, Ramadwa was elected to the National Assembly of South Africa from the ANC's Limpopo list.
Personal life
In August 2019, it was revealed that Ramadwa had missed the deadline to move out of the provincial Parliamentary Village in Polokwane. They said that they wrote to the legislature and the public works department asking for their stay to be extended as they needed to search for schools in Cape Town for the two orphans they look after.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Limpopo
Women members of provincial legislatures of South Africa
Members of the Limpopo Provincial Legislature
African National Congress politicians
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Women members of the National Assembly of South Africa
John Harris (21 November 1825 – 24 July 1886) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played one first-class match for Otago in 1865/66.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1825 births
1886 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Sportspeople from Oxfordshire
The was a DC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type formerly operated by the private railway operator Keikyu on commuter services in the Tokyo area of Japan from 1959 until June 2010.
Operations
The trains were used on the Keikyu Main Line, Keikyu Airport Line, Keikyu Daishi Line, Keikyu Zushi Line, and Keikyu Kurihama Line. They were also used on Toei Asakusa Line inter-running services until 2008. The last train made its final run in service on the Daishi Line on 28 June 2010.
Formations
The 1000 series fleet consisted of two-, four-, six-, and eight-car sets. By 2010, only four- and six-car sets remained in service, formed as shown below.
6-car sets
The M1 and M1c cars each had one lozenge-type pantograph.
4-car sets
The M1 and M1c cars each had one lozenge-type pantograph.
Interior
History
Four 800 series cars were built in 1958 as prototypes, based on the earlier 700 series design. The type was subsequently reclassified "1000 series", with a further 352 vehicles built from 1959 to 1978. The early batches had non-gangwayed driving cabs with 2 windscreen panes, similar to the 700 series, but later batches included a centre gangway door at the cab ends. Sets built from 1971 onwards had air-conditioning from new, whereas earlier sets were subsequently retrofitted with air-conditioning.
Withdrawals commenced in 1986 with the arrival of 1500 series trains. In 2008, one four-car set and one six-car set were repainted in early liveries to mark the 110th anniversary of Keikyu.
A special farewell train ran on 27 June 2010, and the last 1000 series sets remained in operation until 28 June on the Daishi Line.
Resale
A number of 1000 series cars were resold to the Takamatsu-Kotohira Electric Railroad ("Kotoden") in Shikoku, becoming the 1080 series and 1300 series. Other cars were also resold to the Hokuso Railway, becoming the Hokuso 7150 series.
The identities and histories of the 1000 cars sold to Kotoden are as shown below.
Preservation
Two 1000 series cars, 1351 and 1356, remain stored at Keikyu's Kurihama Works.
References
External links
Electric multiple units of Japan
1000 series
Train-related introductions in 1959
1959 in rail transport
Kawasaki multiple units
1500 V DC multiple units of Japan
Tokyu Car multiple units
Raven's Pass (foaled February 17, 2005 in Kentucky) is an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse most notable for being the first English-trained winner of the Grade I Breeders' Cup Classic at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California.
Background
Raven's Pass was sired by Elusive Quality, who also sired 2004 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Smarty Jones. Their dam, Ascutney, was by Lord At War, making them a half-brother to Miami Mile Handicap winner Gigawatt. They were bred and raced by Stonerside Stable of Paris, Kentucky, until the farm and its bloodstock were sold in September 2008 to Princess Haya Bint Al Hussein, daughter of King Hussein I of Jordan and a wife of Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who owns Darley Racing, owner of the other half-interest in the horse.
Raven's Pass was trained at Newmarket, Suffolk by John Gosden and ridden in all but two of their races by Jimmy Fortune.
Racing career
2007: two-year-old season
Raven's Pass began their career as an unconsidered outsider in a maiden race at Yarmouth in July, which they won at odds of 20–1, ridden by David Kinsella. Later in the same month, they scored a five-length victory over better opposition in the Listed Winkfield Stakes at Ascot. Their progress continued when they stepped up to group race level for the first time and won the Group 3 Solario Stakes at Sandown by seven lengths. In their final start as a two-year-old, they were sent off as second favourite for the Group One Dewhurst Stakes at Newmarket and finished behind juvenile champion New Approach.
2008: three-year-old season
The first half of Raven's Pass's three-year-old career was marked by a run of notable performances, narrow defeats, and the establishment of a long-running series of encounters with the Irish colt Henrythenavigator. In April, they were prepared up for the first Classic by running a short-head second to the top-class Twice Over in the Group III Craven Stakes at Newmarket. Three weeks later, they returned to Newmarket for the Group I 2,000 Guineas. In a strong field, they ran fourth, four and a half lengths behind Henrythenavigator.
The pair met again in the Group One St James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot in June. Henrythenavigator prevailed again, but the margin was reduced to three quarters of a length. After a trip to France, in which Raven's Pass finished runner-up to Tamayuz in the Group One Prix Jean Prat, they lined up against Henrythenavigator for the third time in the Group I Sussex Stakes at Goodwood in July. The result was the same as before, but this time the margin of victory was a head.
In August, Raven's Pass was dropped down a level and gained their first win of the year in the Group II Celebration Mile at Goodwood before a fourth clash with Henrythenavigator in the Group I Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot. Raven's Pass goy the best of their rival for the first time and registered their biggest win in Europe.
The final meeting between Raven's Pass and Henrythenavigator came a month later in the 2008 Breeders' Cup Classic at Santa Anita. In this race, Fortune was replaced as the colt's jockey by Frankie Dettori. American Champion Curlin took the lead early in the straight but was passed by the two European colts, with Raven's Pass claiming the victory to become the first English-trained winner of the Classic.
Assessment
The International Federation of Horseracing Authorities ranked Raven's Pass as the third best Thoroughbred racehorse of 2008, one pound behind joint leaders Curlin and New Approach.
Raven's Pass was a finalist for the Eclipse Award's American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse for 2008.
Stud record
Raven's Pass was retired to stand as a stallion at the Kildangan Stud, as part of the Darley Stud organisation. In April 2010, they underwent surgery for colic, causing them to miss six weeks of the breeding season. Raven's Pass had their first Stakes winner on 29 September 2012 when Steeler won the Royal Lodge Stakes.
Raven's Pass sired their first Group 1 winner in 2018 when Royal Marine won the Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère.
Notable progeny
Raven's Pass has sired four individual Group 1 winners.
c = colt, f = filly, g = gelding''
Pedigree
References
2005 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Breeders' Cup Classic winners
Thoroughbred family 17-b
