The black-throated robin (Plesiodryas albonotata) is a species of passerine bird in the Australisian robin family Petroicidae. It is found on the island of New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests at 1,150–2,750 metres above sea-level.
Taxonomy
The black-throated robin was described by the Italian zoologist, Tommaso Salvadori, in 1875, from a specimen collected in the Arfak Mountains on the island of New Guinea. They coined the binomial name Megalestes albonotatus. It was moved to the genus Poecilodryas by the English zoologist, Richard Bowdler Sharpe, in 1879. A 2011 molecular phylogenetic study found that the black-throated robin was the most divergent member of Poecilodryas. The species is now the only species placed in the resurrected genus Plesiodryas that had been introduced by the Australian ornithologist, Gregory Mathews, in 1820.
Description
Measuring , the black-throated robin has a grey-black face, throat and upper breast with a grey crown and nape, and a white diagonal mark on the neck. The upperparts are blue-grey, and the underparts grey to white over the abdomen and under the tail coverts. The bill and legs are black, and the eyes are dark brown. The plumage is reminiscent of a cuckoo-shrike, but the white neck marking is diagnostic.
The black-throated robin is found predominantly in rainforests along the central highlands of New Guinea, from the Bird's Head Peninsula in the west to the Huon Peninsula in the east, at altitudes from . Within the rainforest, it is found singly in the understory or on the ground. It is insectivorous, and hunts by gleaning.
References
Further reading
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Birds of New Guinea
black-throated robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Zenob Glak () was an Armenian historian who became the first abbot of the Glak monastery (also known as Surb Karapet Monastery, dedicated to St. John the Baptist ) in the Taron region of Greater Armenia. They began the chronology that would become the History of Taron of John Mamikonean (10th century, the 35th abbot after Zenob). (ed. Langlois, Venice 1832).
Zenob's History is a somewhat legendary account of Armenia's foremost Christian enlightener Gregory the Illuminator, and may have been originally written in Syriac (according to some sources Zenob was of Syrian descent ) in the 5th century, though it was Armenized in a later century.
References
5th-century Armenian historians
Christian abbots
The discography of American country and bluegrass singer Alison Krauss consists of thirteen studio albums—five solo, six with their group Union Station, and two collaboration albums (one with The Cox Family, the other with former Led Zeppelin frontman Robert Plant). They have also released four compilation albums, one live album (with Union Station), and over 30 singles. Them most successful album, Live, has been certified 2× Platinum.
In addition, they have appeared on numerous soundtracks, and helped renew interest in bluegrass music in the United States. Them soundtrack performances have led to further popularity, including the O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack, which won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 2002 and is also credited with raising American interest in bluegrass, and the Cold Mountain soundtrack, which led to their performance at the 2004 Academy Awards. During their career they have won 28 Grammy Awards, making them the most awarded female artist (and the second most awarded artist overall) in Grammy history.
Them collaboration album with Plant, Raising Sand, debuted at number 2 on both the Top Country Albums chart and the Billboard 200, giving Krauss their highest entry on both charts. The album has been certified Platinum in the United States. It became a worldwide hit, charting within the Top 10 of several countries, including a number-one peak in Norway. It also won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 2009; in addition, its single "Please Read the Letter" won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year that same year.
Studio albums
As Alison Krauss & Union Station
Compilation albums
Live albums
Singles
As Alison Krauss & Union Station
As a featured artist
Other charted songs
Videography
Music videos
Notes
References
Country music discographies
Discographies of American artists
Folk music discographies
Nazuiyeh (, also Romanized as Nāzū'īyeh; also known as Nārzū'īyeh) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Anton Philipp Reclam (1807–1896) was a German publisher and founder of the Reclam press. Reclam established their company in Leipzig in 1828 as "Philipp Reclam jun." to distinguish it from their father's company. After the 1867 lifting of the German copyright on authors deceased before 1837, Reclam introduced the successful Universal-Bibliothek, which offered affordable editions of classic German and foreign texts.
References
1807 births
1896 deaths
German publishers (people)
Imma phthorosema is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1912. It is found in Colombia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with some brownish-ochreous strigulation towards the costa at one-fourth and two obscure blackish dots transversely placed in the disc on the end of the cell. The posterior two-fifths of the wing is irregularly and suffusedly strigulated with light brownish ochreous and an interrupted blackish terminal line. The hindwings are rather dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1912
Immidae
Moths of South America
Gustave Baumann (June 27, 1881 – October 8, 1971) was an American printmaker and painter, and one of the leading figures of the color woodcut revival in America. Their works have been shown at the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art, The Cleveland Museum of Art, the National Gallery of Art in Washington DC, and the New Mexico Museum of Art.  They are also recognized for their role in the 1930s as area coordinator of the Public Works of Art Project of the Works Progress Administration.
Biography
Gustave Baumann was born in Magdeburg, Germany, and moved to the United States in 1891 with their family. By age 17 they were working for an engraving house while attending night classes at the Art Institute of Chicago. They returned to Germany in 1904 to attend the Kunstgewerbeschule in Munich where they studied wood carving and learned the techniques of wood block prints. After returning to the United States, they began producing color woodcuts as early as 1908, earning their living as a graphic artist.
They spent time in Brown County, Indiana as a member of the Brown County Art Colony, developing their printmaking technique. They followed the traditional European method of color relief printing using oil-based inks and printing their blocks on a small press. This contrasted with the trend at the time of many American artists to employ hand rubbed woodblock prints in the Japanese traditional style. By this time they had developed their personal artist's seal: the opened palm of a hand on a heart. Their Mill Pond is the largest color woodcut produced at the time. These were shown at the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition where Baumann won the gold medal for color woodcut. In 1918, they headed to the Southwest to inquire into the artists' colony of Taos, New Mexico. Thinking it too crowded and too social, they boarded the train which stopped in Santa Fe. Its art museum had opened the previous year and its curator, Paul Water, persuaded Baumann to stay in Santa Fe.
In Santa Fe, Baumann befriended many local artists and took part in various community celebrations. They made the head of the first Zozobra and carved and performed with marionettes. They were a member of the Society of American Graphic Artists and the Taos Society of Artists. Baumann married Jane Devereaux Henderson on June 25, 1925. Their daughter, Ann, was born on July 31, 1927. They remained in Santa Fe for more than fifty years until their death there in 1971.
Artwork
In addition to their popular color woodcuts, Baumann also made oil paintings and furniture. Their work depicted southwestern landscapes, ancient Indian petroglyphs, scenes of pueblo life, and gardens and orchards.
Prints
Refer to Gala Chamberlain's book In A Modern Rendering: The Color Woodcuts of Gustave Baumann: A Catalog Raisonne (2019) to see an array of works completed by Gustave Baumann during their lifetime. This book documents over 429 distinct images. Highlights include:
In the Hills o' Brown (1910)
Twelve prints depicting views of Nashville, Indiana, as well as interior scenes. Includes The Blacksmith Shop, The Print Shop, The Town of Nashville, The Wagon Shop, In the Hills o' Brown, The Rug Weaver, The Courthouse Yard, An Evening Chat, Clinching the Argument, The Suspension Bridge, The dooryards, and Mathis Alley.
New Mexico Portfolio (1924)
Comprises Cliff Dwellings, Sanctuario – Chimayo, My Garden, Talaya Peake, The Bishop's Apricot, Chile con Cabre, Night at the Fiesta – Taos, Talpa Chapel, Corn Dance – Santa Clara, Lost in the Desert, San Geronimo – Taos, Beginning of the Fiesta, and San Domingo Pueblo.
Five views of the Grand Canyon: Bright Angel Trail (1921), Pines, Grand Canyon (1921), Pinon, Grand Canyon (1921), Cedar, Grand Canyon (1921), and Grand Canyon (c. 1927–1930).
Four Southern Arizona views (1924): Palo Verde and Ocotea, Cholla and Sahuaro, Superstition Mountain, and Wild Horse Mesa.
Mid-1920s views of the Pacific coast: Pelican Rookery, Redwood, Sequoia Forest, Coast Range, Singing Woods, Windswept Eucalyptus, Redwood Muir Woods, Point Lobos, Point Lobos Rock Garden, Monterey Cypress, and Song of the Sea.
Illustrated books
All the Year Round (1912, text by James Whitcomb Riley), 12 electroplate illustrations by Gustave Baumann
Pirates! Or, The Cruise of the Black Revenge: A Melodrama in Thirteen Acts (1916), published by Brothers of the Book, text by Kendall Banning and 13 original woodcut illustrations by Gustave Baumann. Printing was limited to 525 copies.
Pirates! Or, The Cruise of the Black Revenge, (1918) Text by Kendall Banning and 13 photoengraved illustrations by Gustave Baumann. This edition was reduced to 2/3 size of the original 1916 printing.
Indian Pottery Old and New (1919). text and woodcut illustrations by Gustave Baumann. Printing was limited to 50 copies of which only a handful were completed.
Chips an' Shavings (1929), woodcut text and 3 photoengraved illustrations by Gustave Baumann. Printing was limited to 100 copies.
Frijoles Canyon Pictographs (1939), text and 25 woodcut illustrations by Gustave Baumann. Printing was limited to 480 copies
Indian Pottery Old and New (2020). text and woodcut illustrations by Gustave Baumann. Printing was limited to 145 copies. Produced by the Press At the Palace of the Governors using Gustave Baumanns original woodblocks.
Galleries and public collections
Aaron Payne Fine Art (New Mexico)
Akron Art Museum
Annex Galleries (California)
Art Institute of Chicago
David Dee Fine Arts
Indianapolis Museum of Art
New Mexico Museum of Art
Saks Galleries (Colorado)
Stark Museum of Art (Texas)
Two Red Roses Foundation
William A. Karges Fine Art
Zaplin Lampert Gallery (New Mexico)
References
Citations
Works cited
Further reading
Includes twelve color woodcuts by Baumann.
External links
Gustave Baumann Biography at the Annex Galleries
1881 births
1971 deaths
20th-century American painters
20th-century American printmakers
American male painters
Artists from Indiana
Artists from Santa Fe, New Mexico
Federal Art Project artists
German emigrants to the United States
Taos Society of Artists
20th-century American male artists
Braidwood is a town in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia, in Queanbeyan–Palerang Regional Council. It is located on the Kings Highway linking Canberra with Batemans Bay. It is approximately 200 kilometres south west of Sydney, 60 kilometres inland from the coast, and 55 kilometres east of Canberra. Braidwood is a service town for the surrounding district which is based on sheep and cattle grazing, and forestry operations.
Indigenous History
Braidwood is located within the Yuin Nation, on Walbanga Country. The Walbanga People speak dialects of the Thurga (Durga/Dhurga) language.
The Walbanga Peoples relied on the plentiful supply of vegetables available in the tablelands, such as the tubers of the yam daisy, wattle-seeds, and orchid tubers. In September to May, fish and crayfish were eaten, while possums and larger grazing animals were hunted year round. The Walbanga People and neighbouring groups made annual trips in December and January from to the Bogong Mountains and Snowy Mountains to roast and eat bogong moths (Agrotis infusa).
The lives of the Walbanga People were forever changed by the arrival and early settlement of Europeans in the 1820s. There were reports of the loss of water, fish and native animals essential to the First Nations's diet after the arrival of the settlers. The settlers also brought exotic diseases, particularly smallpox, the influenza epidemic in 1846-7 and syphilis, which devastated the First Nation's people in the region, likely including the Walbanga People. The Walbanga and surrounding populations culture and traditional life was considered to have been destroyed by 1850. Bogong moth ceremonies, intertribal meetings and corroborees also ceased in the region.
In 1872, First Nation's Peoples from the south coast and the highlands areas met in a large ceremonial gathering on the Braidwood goldfields, where they also held discussions about strategies to gain back access to their land. After the gathering, the local police officer, Martin Brennan, was approached by 62 members of the gathering, led by 'Jack Bawn and Alick' who asked for their assistance, and Brennan recorded the following: "I asked Jack what they wanted. They replied, 'We have come to you to intercede for us in getting the Government to do something for us... I have assisted the police for many years, and we want to get some land which we can call our own in reality, where we can settle down, and which the old people can call their home.'..."
On 29 March 1873, Brennan sent the government a comprehensive report detailing the experiences, circumstances and the aspirations of the group. Shortly afterwards they received instructions to name forty acres of Crown Lands in whatever location Jack Bawn desired as an Aboriginal Reserve. However, Jack Bawn and their people were blocked from occupying the surveyed land due to the hostility from surrounding white farmers, but they continued to urge Brennan to press Authorities for the land. Brennan also recorded the following statement in regards to the First Nation's Peoples of the Braidwood and Coast Districts "...whose aspirations at all times were to be allowed some land which they might call their own...; which they might cultivate unmolested for the use of themselves and their families; and where the aborigines of the surrounding districts might meet periodically for the purpose of holding coroborees and other exhilarating games."
As of the 2016 Census, there were less than 100 First Nations' Australians living in the Braidwood Region.
Settler History
European explorers reached the district in 1822 (Kearns, Marsh and Packer). The area was first settled by Europeans in the 1820s, and the town was surveyed in 1839. The village was located near the headwaters of the Shoalhaven River. The settlement was built with the labour of convicts, and many of the buildings they built around the region are still standing.
Dr Wilson
The town was named after Dr Thomas Braidwood Wilson.
They had been a surgeon-superintendent of ships taking convicts to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land (now known as Tasmania). They were first granted land in Van Diemen's Land in 1824, which they exchanged for land near Lake George in 1825. In addition they were given 2560 acres (10 km2) which they selected in the 'new country' on two tributaries of the Shoalhaven, Monkittee and Flood creeks. In 1833, the western end of Wilson's grant was resumed and reserved for a future village and a similar area added to the eastern end in compensation. They eventually controlled a total of 12,305 acres in the area. They and their wife and children settled in the district in late 1836. They became a community leader and amongst other things contracted to build the first courthouse in 1837–38. In 1840 Wilson petitioned the government to build a road from Braidwood to Jervis Bay to enable faster and cheaper shipping of the wool clip to Sydney and, with Col. John Mackenzie, supplied the materials and labour for the Braidwood to Nerriga section.
In 1841 Braidwood Farm had 141 residents. Wilson was sent bankrupt due to a drought in the late 1830s and the subsequent depression. They died in November 1843. Their land was sold for £2,000 to John Coghill, who now owned all the land on the south, east and north of the town. Coghill built the historic house Bedervale. However, before their death, Wilson had purchased the block immediately to the north of Braidwood. They were buried on this block, high on the hill overlooking the town.
A memorial and large pine tree mark the site of Wilson's grave, from which there are views of the town. The path to the grave is no longer open to the public.
First Royal Commission
Braidwood was the subject of Australia's first Royal Commission in 1867, inquiring into the activities of police officers and managers in the district, concerning the extent to which bushrangers had been shielded and assisted by police connivance and inactivity. The Commission identified several instances of misconduct and found the superintendent of police had failed to exercise 'strict and proper control over their men.'
Gold discovered
Gold was discovered in 1851, and for the next two decades the district's population swelled to about 10,000. Supplies and produce to support the workforce on the gold fields came from as far afield as the Canberra region, (though Canberra itself would not be founded until 1913). This prosperity lasted for several years, during which some substantial commercial buildings including banks and hotels were constructed.
Twentieth century
Braidwood was formerly the seat of the Tallaganda local government area. However, following restructuring of local government areas by the New South Wales Government, it is now part of Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council. The local paper is now called the Braidwood Times.
Through much of the 20th century, Braidwood was essentially in rural recession. Amongst other consequences, very little building work was carried out, and as a result the town entered the 21st century with much of its original streetscape and architecture intact. On 30 March 2006 the town and its setting were listed on the NSW State Heritage Register, following a period of unpleasant dispute between those wishing to preserve the town's charm and those wishing to develop it.
Braidwood is located equidistant from Bungendore and Tarago railway stations, a distance of approximately 40 kilometres. NSW TrainLink operate multiple direct services from both railways stations to Canberra, Sydney, and provides connections across the state. Murray's coach services operate daily between Bateman's Bay and Canberra including picking up and setting down passengers in Braidwood.
Heritage listings
Braidwood has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Braidwood and Its Setting
Monkitee Street: Bedervale
Wallace Street: Braidwood District Historical Society Museum
Wallace Street: Mill Complex
119 Wallace Street: Albion Hotel
Climate
Braidwood has an oceanic climate (Cfb) with mild to warm summers and cold winters with frequent morning frost.
Population
At the , Braidwood had a population of 1,720. 78.0% of people were born in Australia and 85.9% of people only spoke English at home. The most common responses for religion were No Religion 40.5%, Catholic 21.0% and Anglican 16.6%.
Media
Braidwood is served by local newspaper, the Braidwood Times, which is owned by Australian Community Media.
Braidwood is home to community radio station 2BRW. Operating under the name 'Braidwood Community Radio', the station can be heard on 88.9 FM. For commercial radio, Braidwood is in the Goulburn broadcast licence area with 2GN heard on 1368 AM and Eagle FM on 93.5 FM. These stations have studios in Goulburn.
The town falls under the Southern NSW television licence area with stations transmitting from a tower on Mount Gillamatong, adjacent to the township.
In popular culture
Film and television
The town has several times been used for film locations, including Robbery Under Arms (1920), Ned Kelly (1970), The Year My Voice Broke (1987), On our Selection (1995), Finding Joy (2003), The Discontinuity (2009) and Australia's Most Haunted (2013).
Notable residents
Deuchar Gordon, Australian pastoralist and president of the Australian Club
Judith Wright, Australian poet and conservationist and Aboriginal rights campaigner
John Chapman, Army Officer
See also
Ralph Hush
Christopher Eipper
Quong Tart
References
External links
Braidwood Show Society Inc. website
Braidwood businesses, where to eat or stay
Braidwood Central School website
Heritage information about various buildings in Braidwood
NSW Heritage listing for Braidwood
Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council website
The Braidwood Times Newspaper
Towns in New South Wales
Southern Tablelands
Queanbeyan–Palerang Regional Council
New South Wales State Heritage Register
The Australian Eight Ball Federation (or Eight Ball Federation Incorporated), formed in 1983 is the governing body in Australia for the sport of eight-ball pool, a cue sport also standardised under the name blackball, and distinct from the American-style game of eight-ball, itself subject to international competition.
Australia became a founding member in 1992 of the World Eightball Pool Federation.
The federation holds annual championships for team and individual for men's and ladies representation for Australia at the annual world championships.
Member organisations
Founding Members (1983):
Northern Territory – Northern Territory Eightball Association
Queensland – Queensland Eight Ball Federation
South Australia – Eight-Ball Association of SA
Tasmania – Eightball Tasmania
Victoria – Pool Victoria
Western Australia – West Australian Eightball Federation (Inc)
Later members:
New South Wales (1987) – NSW 8 Ball Federation
Australian Capital Territory (1990) – ACT Eight Ball Association (ACTEBA)
References
External links
Pool organizations
Kōmei Abe's Divertimento for Alto Saxophone was originally written in 1951 for alto saxophone and piano and subsequently orchestrated in 1960. It is a result of their interest in woodwind instruments in the postwar years, which led them to learn to play the clarinet in addition to their previous training as a cellist. Their interest can be traced back to their schoolyears when they were moved by its use in Maurice Ravel's orchestration of Pictures at an Exhibition.
The Divertimento is a lyrical and light-hearted work in the vein of French neoclassicism reflecting Abe's adscription to cosmopolitanism rather than to the primitivistic nationalism that was on the rise in Japanese music at the time. It consists of three movements, marked Andante sostenuto, Adagietto and Allegro lasting for about 20 minutes in total, and it was premiered by saxophonist Arata Sakaguchi.
The orchestral version was first recorded by Aleksey Volkov and the Russian Philharmonic conducted by Dmitry Yablonsky in 2005. Following the release the Divertimento was rated as "an enjoyable work, though not overly distinctive" by Jonathan Woolf from Musicweb International, while Steve Hicken from Sequenza21 found that it showed to good effect Abe's "straight-forwardly tonal, melodic, [...] lighter than air" style and Uncle Dave Lewis from AllMusic praised it as "sort of the kind of sax concerto that Richard Strauss might have written", deserving to be added into the instrument's concert repertoire.
Discography
References
Saxophone concertos
1951 compositions
Pseudatteria pseudomaenas is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Costa Rica.
The length of the forewings is about 11 mm for males and 14 mm for females. The forewings are orange, but cream white in the costal and apicoterminal areas. The markings are black. The hindwings are orange with nine black spots on the margins.
References
Moths described in 1966
Pseudatteria
Hesar-e Amir (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Amīr, Ḩeşār Amīr, and Ḩeşārāmīr) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25,281, in 6,072 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
The Chinese in Mexico, 1882–1940 is a 2010 book by Robert Chao Romero, published by the University of Arizona Press, about the history of Chinese immigration to Mexico. This is the first English-language monograph written about Chinese immigration to Mexico. Anju Reejhsinghani of University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point described it as "a social history of the small but influential Chinese merchant and laboring community in northern Mexico in the first half of the twentieth century." Erika Lee of the University of Minnesota stated that because much of the existing literature on Asian immigration to North and South America discusses the United States, this book "fills an enormous historiographical gap."
The topics include anti-Chinese discrimination and Chinese settlement patterns. The book has printed examples of anti-Chinese propaganda, including song lyrics and political cartoons, produced in Mexico. Lee stated that Romero's method of cataloging the relationships in the community, which include economic and social relations, is the "diasporic transnational" method which illustrates the simultaneous Chinese-Mexican ties to other Chinese communities in the Americas and their home villages in southern China. Of three books about the Chinese-Mexican community, with the others being Chinese Mexicans: Transpacific Migration and the Search for a Homeland, 1910–1960 and Making the Chinese Mexican: Global Migration, Localism, and Exclusion in the U.S.-Mexico Borderlands, Reejhsinghani described The Chinese in Mexico as the "most accessible".
Background
Robert Chao Romero is a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles in the César E. Chávez Department of Chicana and Chicano Studies. The book originated as a PhD dissertation.
The author used archival records from Mexico and the United States. These archival records included municipal census manuscripts from Mexico produced in the 1930s, reports from U.S. consulates, and Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) Chinese Exclusion Act case files. The census manuscripts include demographic information about the community. The U.S. files have information about Chinese who entered Southern California and then traveled onwards to Mexico, their final destination.
Contents
The first two chapters, including the first main chapter, discuss Chinese immigration patterns, covering those the world and giving context to the immigration to Mexico. The topics include chain migration of families, international recruitment of contract labor, and smuggling of immigrants. The first main chapter discusses reasons why many Chinese immigrated from Guangdong.
The next two chapters discuss the transnational nature of Chinese-Mexican life. Within Chapter 4, there is content about interracial marriages between Mexicans and Chinese, specifically between Chinese males and Mexican females. This chapter also discusses overall patterns of marriages and families and gender aspects of the Chinese in Mexico. The chapter discusses the Mexican attitudes against these marriages; some Mexican males believed the fact that Chinese men were marrying Mexican women threatened their sense of manhood.
Chapter 5 discusses the types of jobs held by Chinese-Mexicans, Chinese-Mexican community organizations, and disputes about the opium business; the Tong Wars, discussed in the chapter, occurred in the 1920s. Chapter 6 discusses the reception of the Mexican people to Chinese immigration; the information on anti-Chinese sentiment is included in this chapter. In the final chapter the author proposes establishing a dedicated field of study of Chinese-Latin Americans.
Reception
May-Lee Chai of San Francisco State University wrote that the book is "a fascinating study" that "provides a much-needed corrective."
Erika Lee of the University of Minnesota wrote that the book "is a powerful and important example of just how promising the development of [the field of Chinese-Latin American studies] could be."
Reejhsinghani stated that the three books about the Chinese Mexicans, including The Chinese in Mexico, "are well written, amply documented, and groundbreaking in scope" but that "their transnational focus might make challenging reading for those lacking training in Asian, Asian American, Latin American, or world history."
References
Camacho, Julia María Schiavone (The University of Texas at El Paso). "The Chinese in Mexico, 1882-1940" (book review). The Journal of Asian Studies, May, 2011, Vol.70(2), p. 543-545 - DOI 10.1017/S0021911811000350
Chai, May-Lee (San Francisco State University). "The Chinese in Mexico, 1882-1940" (book review). Asian Affairs: An American Review, Jan-March, 2012, Vol.39(1), p. 71-72 [Peer Reviewed Journal]
Lee, Erika (University of Minnesota). "The Chinese in Mexico, 1882-1940" (book review). Pacific Historical Review, Nov, 2011, Vol.80(4), p. 644(3) [Peer Reviewed Journal] - DOI 10.1525/phr.2011.80.4.644 - Available at JSTOR
Lim, Julian. "Chinos and Paisanos: Chinese Mexican Relations in the Borderlands." Pacific Historical Review 79.1 (2010): 50-85. online
López, Kathleen (Rutgers University). "The Chinese in Mexico, 1882-1940" (book review). Hispanic American Historical Review, Feb, 2012, Vol.92(1), p. 193-195 [Peer Reviewed Journal] - 10.1215/00182168-1471112
Reejhsinghani, Anju (University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point). "Emerging transnational scholarship: Chinese Mexicans in China, Mexico, and the United States-Mexico borderlands.(The Chinese in Mexico, 1882-1940; Chinese Mexicans: Transpacific Migration and the Search for a Homeland, 1910-1960; Making the Chinese Mexican: Global Migration, Localism, and Exclusion in the U.S.-Mexico Borderlands)(Book review)" Journal of American Ethnic History, Spring, 2014, Vol.33(3), p. 77(8) [Peer Reviewed Journal] - DOI 10.5406/jamerethnhist.33.3.0077
Notes
Further reading
González, Fredy (Yale University). "Moving across the Transnational Commercial Orbit." H-LatAm, Humanities and Social Sciences Net Online. February 2012.
Marquez, Letisia. "History of Chinese in Mexico documented for first time in English-language book" (Archive). University of California, Los Angeles. December 16, 2010.
Padmanabhan, Swati. "Neglected history of Chinese community in Mexico recognized in Assistant Professor Robert Chao Romero's new book" (Archive). The Daily Bruin. January 28, 2011.
External links
The Chinese in Mexico - University of Arizona
Contents of the book available at Project MUSE
Books about Mexico
2010 non-fiction books
Chinese diaspora in Mexico
University of Arizona Press books
Stockman may refer to:
Stockman (Australia), a person who looks after livestock on a station
Stockman (surname), a surname
Rancher, an owner of a North American livestock ranch operation
Cowman (profession), owner or operator of cattle business
Dairy farmer, owner or manager of a dairy farm
Stock contractor, in the United States, contractor who supplies livestock, especially for rodeo
Shepherd, a person who looks after sheep in the fields
See also
Station (Australian agriculture)#Personnel
Stockgrower (disambiguation)
Stockmann (disambiguation)
Shtokman field, named after Vladimir Shtokman (Stockmann)
Stockman's Lash
Australian Stockman's Hall of Fame
The Phantom Stockman, a 1953 Australian film
Dr. G.C. Stockman House, by Frank Lloyd Wright
Lidia García García, also known as The Queer Cañí Bot, (Montealegre del Castillo, November 26, 1989), is a Spanish lesbian researcher and activist.  They are a popularizer of copla, feminism, and sexual dissidence in social networks and in the podcast ¡Ay, campaneras! that they created during the confinement caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Trajectory
They were born on November 26, 1989 in Montealegre del Castillo, a municipality in the province of Albacete. They listened to, zarzuelas, and cuplés since they were a child because their mother used to sing them. They started writing in their childhood and has won some literary prizes. One of them allowed them to participate as an expeditionary in the education and cultural exchange project La Ruta Quetzal n 2006 and to travel through Mexico, Belize and Guatemala.
They graduated in Hispanic Philology at the University of Valencia and later in Humanities at the University of Alicante, where they obtained the extraordinary end-of-degree prize and a mention for academic excellence from the Generalitat Valenciana. Them final thesis was awarded the first national prize in the category of Social Sciences and Humanities in the XV Certamen Arqumedes de Introducción a la Investigación Cientfica of the Ministry of Education.  They are a predoctoral researcher in the Department of Art History at the University of Murcia with a thesis on kitsch aesthetics, childhood imagination, and gender in digital visual culture.
Through various international mobility programs, they were able to pursue studies outside their country, in places such as Coímbra, Montevideo, and Berlin. They specialized in artistic heritage research. Them doctoral thesis deals with contemporary art and popular culture from a gender perspective, and they have participated in international congresses such as the University of Cambridge and the University of Southern Denmark on this topic. They have also published articles in scientific journals and in media such as El Salto, El País, Vogue and Vanity Fair. On social networking sites, they are known as The Queer Cañí Bot, an alias under which they began to participate so as not to reveal who they are. Finally, several factors led them to make their identity visible.  They are a regular contributor to the program Hoy empieza to-do on Radio 3.
In 2020, during the confinement caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, García decided to create a podcast from the bathroom of their home without a professional microphone, which they called ¡Ay, campaneras! The more than 30 chapters that have been produced, in which they talk about sexuality, humor, or the faranduleo of the world of the copla, as well as the double meanings of the lyrics of the songs, have accumulated thousands of reproductions in 23 countries.
In 2021, they participated in the Movistar Plus+ documentary series Lola, about the life of the artist Lola Flores.
Thanks to the success of the podcast, in January 2022, García published their first book, ¡Ay, campaneras! Canciones para seguir adelante, an essay where they delve into the topics they had been dealing with in the episodes made in sound format, explaining the stories behind the copla songs, where there are female transgressions, social class differences are denounced, and the desire for freedom during the repression of Franco's dictatorship is identified. In addition, the book tells different anecdotes, such as that the German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche said that "the loudest thing" they had ever heard in their life was the zarzuela La Gran Vía (1886) by Federico Chueca and Joaquín Valverde Durán, or that the comedian Charles Chaplin had stolen the music of La violetera for their film Luces de la ciudad (1931).
Garca's research and various popularization works on the world of the copla appear at the same time as other academic research, such as those of professors Alberto Romero and Cristina Cruces; researchers Inmaculada Mata Polo, Enrique Encabo, and Javier Barreiro; and the comic Doña Concha, la rosa y la espina by illustrator Carla Berrocal on the life of singer Concha Piquer, and are considered a reference in this field.
On May 7, 2022, they participated as a speaker with the talk: ¿Qué podemos aprender de las canciones de nuestras abuelas? At the TED event, TEDxVitoriaGasteiz, held in the city of Vitoria, which on this occasion focused on positive things that arose as a result of the confinement due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and therefore, its motto was "Empowered."
Recognitions
García was awarded in November 2021 with the 'Las horas' award of the Fancinegay in Badajoz, for giving visibility to the LGBTI collective through their work as a disseminator and for having managed to bring Spanish popular song to the new generations from a gender and class perspective.
In 2022, Garca was recognized as the Student of the Year Award, presented by the University of Murcia, for giving voice to culture and considering them a national reference in terms of equality and identity of the LGBT+ collective. That same year, it became the winner of the Las Horas Award given by FanCineGay, the International LGBT Film Festival of Extremadura, for its vindicating role, with a feminist, LGBTI and working class approach, of the copla, cuplé, and zarzuela.
Also in 2022, Andalesgai, the Seville LGBTI Film Festival, awarded Garca the Triángulo Andaluca Award for visibility in its 18th edition.
Work
2022 – ¡Ay campaneras! Canciones para seguir adelante. Plan B. ISBN 978-8418051449.
References
LGBT rights activists from Spain
Women activists
Spanish women writers
Lesbian writers
University of Murcia alumni
University of Alicante alumni
Living people
1989 births
LGBT people from Spain
Raveen Sayer (born 25 November 1996) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. They made their first-class debut for Colombo Cricket Club in the 2016–17 Premier League Tournament on 20 January 2017. They made their List A debut for Colombo District in the 2016–17 Districts One Day Tournament on 22 March 2017. They made their Twenty20 debut for Galle Cricket Club in the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 24 February 2018.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Colombo Cricket Club cricketers
Colombo District cricketers
Galle Cricket Club cricketers
Sri Lanka Navy Sports Club cricketers
Sportspeople from Kandy
Nimetli is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Strephonota is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The genus was erected by Kurt Johnson, George T. Austin, Jean Francois Le Crome and Julián A. Salazar E. in 1997.
Species
Strephonota acameda (Hewitson, 1867)
Strephonota adela (Staudinger, 1888)
Strephonota agrippa (Fabricius, 1793)
Strephonota ambrax (Westwood, 1852)
Strephonota azurinus (Butler & H. Druce, 1872)
Strephonota berardi Faynel & A. Moser, 2011
Strephonota bicolorata Faynel, 2003
Strephonota buechei Faynel & A. Moser, 2011
Strephonota caeruleus Faynel & A. Moser, 2011
Strephonota carteia (Hewitson, 1870)
Strephonota cyllarissus (Herbst, 1800)
Strephonota elika (Hewitson, 1867)
Strephonota ericeta (Hewitson, 1867)
Strephonota falsistrephon Faynel & Brévignon, 2003
Strephonota foyi (Schaus, 1902)
Strephonota jactator (H. H. Druce, 1907)
Strephonota malvania (Hewitson, 1867)
Strephonota parvipuncta (Lathy, 1926)
Strephonota perola (Hewitson, 1867)
Strephonota porphyritis (H. H. Druce, 1907)
Strephonota pulchritudo (H. H. Druce, 1907)
Strephonota purpurantes (H. H. Druce, 1907)
Strephonota sphinx (Fabricius, 1775)
Strephonota strephon (Fabricius, 1775)
Strephonota syedra (Hewitson, 1867)
Strephonota tephraeus (Geyer, 1837)
Strephonota trebonia (Hewitson, 1870)
Strephonota tyriam (H. H. Druce, 1907)
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
This is a list of High Sheriffs of Flintshire.
The High Sheriff is the oldest secular office under the Crown. Formerly, the High Sheriff was the principal law enforcement officer in the county, but over the centuries most of the responsibilities associated with the post have been transferred elsewhere or are now defunct, so that its functions are now largely ceremonial. The High Sheriff changes every March. The shrievalty of Flintshire, together with that of Denbighshire, was abolished in 1974 when the county and shrievalty of Clwyd was created.
List of Sheriffs
14th and 15th centuries
1309–11: Pain de Tipetot (Tiptoft)
1331: Robert de Praers(?)
1341?: William de Praers
1349-58: Rhys ap Roppert ap Gruffydd and Ithel ap Cynwrig Sais
<1373: Adam de Kyngeslegh
1373–1378: Ralph de Davenport
1378: Morgan 'Yonge' ab Iorwerth ap Morgan
1390: Hywel ap Tudur ab Ithel Fychan
1396(-1399?): Nicholas Hauberk
1399: Henry Hotspur Percy (killed 1403)
1407–1416: Roger Leche
1417–1458: Thomas Rempston
16th century
17th century
18th century
19th century
20th century
References
Flintshire
Flintshire
The Nevada Joint Union High School District is a high school district in Grass Valley, California, near Sacramento, California.
The superintendent is Brett McFadden. It is located at 11645 Ridge Road. Its schools include Bear River High School, Nevada Union High School, Ghidotti Early College High School, Silver Springs High School, North Point Academy and Nevada Union Adult School. It has an attendance of about 3,950 students.
References
External links
About the Nevada Joint High School District
Grass Valley, California
School districts in Nevada County, California
USA-71, also known as GPS IIA-2, GPS II-11 and GPS SVN-24, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the second of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-71 was launched at 02:32:00 UTC on 4 July 1991, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D206, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The rocket launched from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-71 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 14 August 1991, USA-71 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 704.60 minutes, and 55.30° of inclination to the equator. It had PRN 24, and operated in slot 1 of plane D of the GPS constellation, until it was removed from service on 30 September 2011. It was replaced by USA-232 launched in July 2011. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 7.5 years.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1991
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Woolcott or Woollcott may refer to:
People
Alexander Woollcott (1887–1943), American critic and commentator
Peter Woolcott (born 1953), Australian public servant
Richard Woolcott (born 1927), Australian diplomat, author and commentator
Roy Woolcott (1946–2018), English professional footballer
Sina Woolcott (1907–2003), New Zealand potter, born in Fiji
William W. Woollcott (1876–1949), American business person
Other uses
Woolcott, Bracken County, Kentucky
See also
Walcot (disambiguation)
Walcott (disambiguation)
Wilcot
Wolcott (disambiguation)
Wolgot
Woolscott
Imera is short for I Imera, a Greek newspaper.
Imera may also refer to:
Imera, Kozani
Imera, Xanthi
Imera (company), an Irish company
See also
Imera Meridionale or Salso, a river in Sicily
Lodalskåpa is the highest nunatak on the Norwegian glacier Jostedalsbreen. It is located on the border between the municipalities of Stryn and Luster in Vestland county, Norway, within Jostedalsbreen National Park.
The tall Lodalskåpa is located north of Brenibba and northeast of Høgste Breakulen mountain. The lakes Austdalsvatnet and Styggevatnet lie about to the east.
The first ascent may have happened in 1820 by Gottfried Bohr. The easiest route to climb Lodalskåpa starts in the village of Bødalen in Stryn, then going up Brattebakken mountain to the Bohr glacier (). Around the southern summit to the col, then scrambling to the main summit, approximately one rope length.
Name
The first element is the genitive case of the name of the valley Lodalen, the last element is the finite form of kåpe which means "coat" (here used metaphorically about the glacier surrounding the top–see also Snøhetta). The name of the valley is a compound of lo which means "meadow" and the finite form of dal which means "dale" or "valley".
Media gallery
References
Mountains of Vestland
Luster, Norway
Stryn
Nunataks
Hilton Kuala Lumpur is a luxury hotel, located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It is part of the Hilton Hotels & Resorts hotel chain. Hilton Kuala Lumpur is situated in the heart of the Kuala Lumpur Central area. Standing at 154 meters tall with 35 floors, the hotel is the 43rd tallest building in Malaysia. It is situated next to another hotel of the French chain Le Meridien, whose building's appearance is identical.
Awards
Hilton Kuala Lumpur has received more than 100 awards since it opened in 2004.
The hotel was awarded the Best Business Hotel in Kuala Lumpur at the Business Traveler Asia Pacific Awards 2012.
It was also recognized as the Best City Hotel - Kuala Lumpur October 2012 at the 23rd Annual TTG Travel Awards Ceremony held in Bangkok, Thailand, the fifth time the hotel has won the award since the hotel's inception.
Some other highlights include Best Hotel Malaysia at World Travel Awards 2005 in London, International Five Star Diamond Award by American Association of Hospitality Sciences Awards 2005, Best Business Hotel in Asia by TTG Asia 2005, Best Hotel Development award at the FIABCI Malaysian chapter's Malaysian Property Awards 2006, Best New Business Hotel in the World at the Business Traveler Awards United Kingdom 2006, Best Business Hotel in Kuala Lumpur by Business Traveler Asia Pacific 2006, Luxury Hotel of the Year in Hospitality Asia Platinum Awards 2007, Malaysia's Leading Business Hotel in World Travel Awards 2007, Best City Hotel by TTG Asia 2009, Asia's Leading Design Hotel by World Travel Awards 2009, Best City Hotel by Expatriate Lifestyle 2010.
References
External links
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
Hilton Kuala Lumpur Sweeps Regional Awards
TTG Travel Awards - TTG Asia
2004 establishments in Malaysia
Hotels in Kuala Lumpur
Hotel buildings completed in 2004
The Government College of Engineering & Textile Technology Berhampore (formerly known as the College of Textile Technology Berhampore) is a college of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology in Berhampore, West Bengal, India. It is a residential and co-educational institute. Admission for undergraduate students is through the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination. This college is selected for TEQIP (Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme), Phase II.
History
The college was established in the central jail premises at Berhampore on 19 July 1927 as the Government Silk Weaving and Dyeing Institute to train local artisans engaged in silk production and silk weaving in Murshidabad district under the administrative control of the Directorate of Industries, Government of West Bengal.
The institute was moved to its present location at 4 Barrack Square (East) during 1932–33. The college was upgraded in 1940 and renamed Bengal Technological Institute with the introduction of a 3-year diploma course (licentiate) in Textile Technology and a 2-year artisan course. Given the general nature of the course, the college was renamed the Berhampore Textile Institute in 1950.
In 1958 the college was upgraded to the level of a degree college with the modernisation of the syllabus, workshop and laboratories. A three-year B.Sc. (Tech.) degree course in Textile Technology affiliated to the University of Calcutta was introduced and the name changed again to College of Textile Technology. In 1963, a four-year B.Sc. (Tech.) degree course was started. The college was subsequently brought under the administrative control of the Directorate of Technical Education in 1972.
In 1990, the college was transferred to the University of Kalyani. The B.Sc. (Tech.) the degree was changed to a B.Tech. in 1998 in line with AICTE's wish to bring parity with other engineering degrees in India.
The college was brought under the academic control of the West Bengal University of Technology in 2001. In the same year, a new B. Tech. course in Computer Science and Engineering was introduced. In 2002, the college was once again renamed the Government College of Engineering & Textile Technology, Berhampore.
In 2004, the Textile Technology department of the institute was accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA).
Later in the year 2010, two new departments, Mechanical Engineering and Electrical Engineering were introduced.
Campus
Government College of Engineering & Textile Technology, Berhampore is situated in Berhampore, in Murshidabad district of West Bengal.
Organisation and administration
Governance
Recognised by the Department of Higher Education, it is under the direct administrative control of the Government of West Bengal.
Departments
Computer Science and Engineering
This department was started in 2001 to fill the demand for well-trained human resources for the flourishing computer hardware and software industry. Apart from preparing the students with hard skills special efforts are imparted to develop soft skills like paper presentation, giving technical seminars, mock interviews and other such skills normally considered essential in the industry.
Mechanical Engineering
Since 2010, this department has offered a 4-year course of study leading to a B. Tech. Degree in Mechanical Engineering. Professors from engineering universities such as Jadavpur University and BESU are attached to the college as guest lecturers. Currently there are a CAD lab, a Mechatronics lab, a Measurement lab, a Fluid Mechanics lab, a Heat transfer lab, an IC engine workshop, and an Applied Mechanics lab. The department has a petrol engine from Maruti Turbines, and a mini-power plant and also a 3d printing machine is installed.
Electrical Engineering
Since 2010, this department has offered a 4-year course of study leading to a B. Tech. Degree in Electrical Engineering. There are circuit theory labs, state-of-the-art seminar halls, thermal power engineering labs, electrical machines lab, electronics lab, control system lab, etc.
Textile Technology
This department has been offering an undergraduate course (B.Tech in Textile Technology) since 1958. The department is accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA). In the last eight years the department has received 40.00 lakh rupees for four projects from the India Council or Technical Education under the MODROBS scheme. At present two MODROBS projects are in progress in the department.
The National Conference on Emerging Trends in Textile, Fibre & Apparel Engineering was held at the college on 18–19 March 2006. Around 150 participants attended.
Academics
Affiliation and accreditations
National Board of Accreditation
All India Council for Technical Education [AICTE]
University Grants Commission (India) [UGC], Government of India
Ministry of Human Resource Department, Government of India
Ministry of Higher Education Dept., Govt. of West Bengal
Programs offered
B Tech:
Engineering – Computer Science Engineering – AICTE approved (Intake 47 [1st year including 2 TFW Seats + 1 Defence Quota] + 09 [lateral])
Engineering – Electrical Engineering – AICTE approved (Intake 32 [1st year including 2 TFW seats] + 06 [lateral])
Engineering – Mechanical Engineering – AICTE approved (Intake 32 [1st year including 2 TFW seats] + 06 [lateral])
Engineering – Textile Technology – AICTE approved (Intake 35 [1st year including 2 TFW seats] + 06 [lateral])
M Tech:
Mechanical Processing of Textiles – AICTE approved
Admission
Admission in the 1st semester to all UG courses are done by their ranking in West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination, through e-Counselling conducted by WBJEE, held every year. Twenty per cent of the total intake is filled-in from Lateral Entry candidates in the 3rd semester through JELET.
M.Tech students are selected through the GATE exam.
Training and placement
Students of Textile Technology are trained and placed at several companies lincluding Vardhman Textiles Ltd, Mahabir Fabrics, Welspun Ind. Ltd, Amrit Exports Pvt. Ltd, Raymonds Ltd, Reid and Taylor, Nahar Fabrics, Arvind, Jayashree Textiles, Winsome, Trident (Abhishek group of Industries), Bombay rayon Fashions Ltd, Intertek Technical Services, BVCOS, SGS, TUV, Century, Sarla Fabrics, Alok Industries, Ashima Textiles, Soma Textiles, Mudra, Madura Lifestyle, DC Decore, and BSL Limited.
Students of the CSE department are trained and placed at several companies including Globsyn, Tech Mahindra, CMC Ltd. IBM helpdesk, Oracle, Accenture, Infosys, and Capgemini.
Students of the ME department are trained at several companies including Durgapur Projects Limited, Durgapur Steel Plant, Indian Railways, Bokaro Steel Plant
Students of the EE department are trained at several companies including Indian Railways, Durgapur Projects Limited, Durgapur Steel Plant, NTPC units, WBSEDCL plants, CESC, and WBSETCL.
Library
The college library offers science and technological books and journals. The total number of books is 12,600 (Textile Technology books: 3,711; Computer Science and Engineering books: 1,800; Other books: 7,079).
A large number of books for Mechanical and Electrical Engineering students were introduced recently.
Student life
Hostel
The college offers a four-storied hostel facility with an intake of 100 students with food and lodging for the boys only. The hostel is having a playground, gymnasium, library and indoor games facilities. The hostel common room is provided with a TV and current newspapers and magazines. Facilities for indoor and outdoor games are also provided in the hostel. The administration of the hostel is supervised by the hostel superintendent and one hostel monitor from the hostel boarders. The hostel and the mess are run by a hostel committee consisting of hostel superintendent, staff member & students. Due to limitation of seats, hostel accommodation is provided to students from their 2nd year of degree, strictly by the first-cum-first-serve basis as well as considering the distance between the home and the institute. However, this is subject to change from time to time.
Students' Association
The Students' Association, which is apolitical in nature, provides an opportunity to the students for training in organising the various extra-curricular activities, such as sports, Fest, and the teacher-student match. All students of the college, irrespective of the department, are members. It has its own constitution and functions through an executive council and sub-committees. Members are elected by indirect election. Students are united by the GCETTB STUDENTS'ASSOCIATION. Cultural activities include ALFRESCO (Annual Cultural Cum Techo-Management Fiesta), INIZIO (Freshers' Welcome), Farewell of final year students, REMINISCENCE (Alumni Meet/Reunion), Blood Donation Camp, Cloth Distribution and so on.
The Students' Union published their first annual Magazine, 'Konika' in 2003. There is a library operated by the Students' Union. The Students' Union conducts the annual Inter-Department Tournament, which includes the annual cricket tournament, football tournament, badminton tournament.
There are 11 portfolios in the Union - President, Vice President, General Secretary, Assistant General Secretary, Finance General Secretary, Cultural Secretary, Games & Common Room Secretary, Education Secretary, Orientation Secretary, Career Secretary, Alumni Liaison.<
Achievements
Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme (TEQIP) was envisaged as a long-term programme of about 10–12 years duration to be implemented in 2-3 phases for transformation of the Technical Education System with the World Bank assistance. The broad objectives of the Programme are to create an environment in which engineering institutions selected under the Programme can achieve their own targets for excellence and sustain the same with autonomy and accountability, support development. The TEQIP Phase - II is aimed to upscale and support ongoing efforts of Government of India (GOI) in improving quality of technical education and enhance existing capabilities of the Institutions to become dynamic, demand-driven, quality conscious, efficient, forward-looking and responsive.
Festivals
Saraswati Puja has been a keen event to be organised by GCETTB every year and its significance has been well acknowledged by the people of Berhampore. The event would mainly focus on two days of Saraswati Puja celebration and concluding it with idol immersion on the third day. The two days celebration will include, puja celebration, cultural programs by various institutions, college performance, college band with a lot of enthusiasm and fun.
Freshers
Alfresco (Techno-Cultural Fest)
Reunion
References
External links
Media gallery
Textile schools in India
Universities and colleges in Murshidabad district
Colleges affiliated to West Bengal University of Technology
Educational institutions established in 1927
1927 establishments in India
Berhampore
The United States national professional ballroom dance champions are crowned at the United States Dance Championships (formerly USDSC, and USBC), as recognized by the National Dance Council of America (NDCA) and the World Dance & DanceSport Council (WD&DSC).
The American Rhythm division consists of American-style cha cha, rumba, East Coast swing, bolero, and mambo.
U.S. National Champions
See also
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Standard)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Latin)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Smooth)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 10-Dance)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 9-Dance)
Dancesport World Champions (rhythm)
References
External links
United States Dance Sport Championships (USDSC)
National Dance Council of America (NDCA)
Dancesport Competitions
Dancesport Info
Dancesport in the United States
The list of current and past Rajya Sabha members from the Tripura State. State elect 1 member for the term of 6 years and indirectly elected by the state legislators, since year 1964.
List of all Rajya Sabha members from Tripura state
Source:
References
External links
Rajya Sabha homepage hosted by the Indian government
List of Sitting Members of Rajya Sabha (Term Wise)
MEMBERS OF RAJYA SABHA (STATE WISE RETIREMENT LIST)
Tripura
Rajya Sabha
"O That Will Be Glory", also known as "The Glory Song", with words and music by Charles H. Gabriel (1856-1932), was first published in 1900. In 1914, J. H. Hall claimed that the song had been translated into at least 17 languages and that at least 17 million copies of the song were then in print. From 1930 to 1965, "O That Will Be Glory" was the theme song of evangelist G. E. Lowman's international radio broadcast. The musical score of the song can be found online in Excell's Praises (song number 4).
Words
1. When all my labors and trials are o'er,
And I am safe on that beautiful shore,
Just to be near the dear Lord I adore
Will thro' the ages be glory for me.
Chorus:
O that will be glory for me
Glory for me,
Glory for me;
When by Their grace I shall look on Their face,
That will be glory,
Be glory for me.
2. When by the gift of Their infinite grace,
I am accorded in heaven a place,
Just to be there and to look on Their face,
Will thro' the ages be glory for me.
3. Friends will be there I have loved long ago;
Joy like a river around me will flow;
Yet, just a smile from my Savior, I know,
Will thro' the ages be glory for me.
Background
During the early summer of 1900, while bicycle riding with a Chicago publisher [probably E. O. Excell], for whom they were at the time preparing manuscript, they said to their friend: “I've got a song that is going to live!” They then gave the title of, and made brief quotations from, “O that will be glory.” They were paid $10. for the song.
The inspiration for the song is said to have been a man named Ed Card, superintendent of the Sunshine Rescue Mission in St. Louis, MO. During worship services at the mission, Card would frequently exclaim, “Glory!” and they became known as “Old Glory Face.”
Charles M. Alexander had a great deal to do with popularizing the song, even though their first impression of the song was negative. They wrote that when they first saw it in publication, they said to himself, “That man has wasted a page, for I do not believe that song will be sung much,” but several months later they heard it being sung at a Sunday school convention, and was impressed by the enthusiasm with which the crowd sang it. Alexander wrote, “It took such a hold of me that I could think of nothing else for days thereafter. I got my friends to sing it. I dreamed about it, and woke to the rhythm of it. Then I began to teach it to large audiences, and soon whole towns were ringing with the melody.”
Alexander also saw college students in Kansas singing the song as they paraded in the streets, and about 800 people coming to a revival on a chartered train singing the song at the station.
Shortly after that, Alexander led a revival in Melbourne, Australia, and printed several thousand copies of the song for use there. “The next day, all over the city inquiries were made for the ‘Glory Song.'” They went from Melbourne to Sydney, where the song was equally popular. Alexander later took the song to Great Britain.
It has been translated into many languages.
Controversy
Theological critics have complained that this song focuses too much on the heavenly reward the singer expects to receive, rather than on gratitude toward God or on a Christian's duty in response to God.
Patrick and Sydnor, who do not like “gospel” music and attribute its “low quality” to the pressures of commercial success, comment: “It is difficult to say just where the lowest depth [of gospel song quality] was touched, but probably the so-called ‘Glory Song,' with its recurring refrain of ‘That will be glory, be glory for me!' [italics provided by Patrick and Sydnor] reached the ultimate nadir of unevangelical egotism.”
The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association has recognized the validity of this criticism, and Graham's song leader, Cliff Barrows has responded, saying that the song must be properly understood within the wider context of Christian theology:
No doubt many Christians have a false view of what heaven will be. Our critics often say that we yearn for “pie in the sky by and by,” while failing to really confront the issues that face us here and now. It is true that heaven will be free of sorrow and death, the pressures and conflicts which beset us on earth. But it is not a truly Christian motive to look for heaven simply because we will have no problems there. . . .
What this “Glory Song” really says is that the central attraction in heaven will be Jesus Christ. We will see Him then “in Their completeness, face to face,” not “as if we were peering at Their reflection in a poor mirror” (I Cor 13:12, LL). And all the changes that will take place in us will happen because “when They come we will be like Him, as a result of seeing Him as They really are” (I John 3:2, LL).
References
External links
texts and MIDI sequences of 44 songs by Charles H. Gabriel (including Glory Song)
Gospel songs
1900 songs
Cheshmeh Pahn () is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 767, in 209 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Pakistan competed at several editions of the World Games.
In 2001, Shokat Ali won the bronze medal in the in snooker at the 2001 World Games in Akita, Japan.
Medal count
References
Nations at the World Games
Bugoye Power Station is a mini hydroelectric power station in Uganda. In the literature, Bugoye Power Station is sometimes referred to as Mubuku II Power Station.
Location
The power station is located across the Mubuku River, in Bugoye, Kasese District, in Western Uganda. This location lies in the foothills of the Rwenzori Mountains, close to the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Bugoye lies approximately , by road, north of Kasese, the location of the district headquarters, and the nearest large city.
Overview
The Bugoye Hydropower Project, is a run of the river mini-hydropower installation, with installed capacity of 13 MW. The energy generated is fed into the national electric grid at Nkenda Substation, located from Bugoye, via a 33kV transmission line.
The power station is owned and operated by TronderEnergi, a Norwegian power company. Construction began in March 2008 and the plant was commissioned 19 months later in October 2009. Bugoye Power Station is the third mini-hydropower station on River Mubuku. The other two are Mubuku I Power Station, owned by Kilembe Mines Limited (KML), with installed capacity of 5 MW and Mubuku III Power Station, owned by Kasese Cobalt Company Limited (KCCL), with installed capacity of 10 MW.
Construction costs
The estimated costs for the dam and power plant is approximately US$35 million. The funding was facilitated by a loan from the Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund, (EAIF). This does not include the construction of a 33kV transmission power line linking the power station to the substation where the power is integrated into the national grid. The power line was funded by a grant from the Government of Norway to the Government of Uganda. By mutual consent between the two governments, Tronder Power Limited, assumed the responsibility of developing, constructing, maintaining and servicing the power line. Tronder Power Limited is a Ugandan company co-owned by TronderEnergi and Norfund.
See also
Uganda power stations
Africa hydropower stations
Hima
Hydroelectric stations
Western Uganda
References
External links
Location of Bugoye Power Station At Google Maps
Energy infrastructure completed in 2009
Hydroelectric power stations in Uganda
Kasese District
Western Region, Uganda
Worldly Goods is a 1930 melodrama film directed by Phil Rosen based on a story by Andrew Soutar, starring James Kirkwood Sr. and Merna Kennedy. Distributed by Continental Talking Pictures, the film was released on August 1, 1930.
Premise
Blinded by an airplane crash in France, Jeff swears vengeance on John C. Tullock, a profiteering manufacturer, who produces faulty planes for government contracts.
Cast
James Kirkwood Sr. as John C. Tullock
Merna Kennedy as Mary Thurston
Shannon Day as Cassie
Ferdinand Schumann-Heink as Jeff
Eddie Fetherston as Jimmy (credited as "Eddie Featherstone")
Thomas A. Curran as the secretary
References
External links
Melodrama films
Films directed by Phil Rosen
American drama films
1930 drama films
1930 films
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Barco is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Álvaro Barco (born 1967), Peruvian international footballer
Carolina Barco (born 1951), Colombian-American diplomat
Ezequiel Barco (born 1999), Argentine professional footballer
George Barco (1907–1989), American lawyer and cable television executive
Hernán Barcos (born 1984), Argentine professional footballer
Mandalit del Barco, Peruvian reporter for National Public Radio
Mario Barco (born 1992), Spanish footballer
Martín del Barco Centenera (1535 – c. 1602), Spanish cleric, explorer and author
Miguel del Barco (1706–1790), Jesuit missionary in Baja California, Mexico
Silvano Barco (born 1963), Italian cross country skier
Virgilio Barco Isakson (born 1965), Colombian economist
Virgilio Barco Vargas (1921–1997), 27th President of Colombia
Yolanda Barco (1926–2000), American lawyer and cable TV executive
Cyprinus quidatensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinus from freshwater habitats in Vietnam.
References
Cyprinus
Fish described in 1999
Cyrus is the self-titled debut studio album by Cyrus, the winner of the seventh season of The X Factor Australia, released through Sony Music Australia on 9 December 2015. The album peaked at number nine on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments of 35,000 copies. It was preceded by the lead single "Stone", which debuted at number four on the ARIA Singles Chart.
The album features re-recorded studio tracks of some of the songs they performed on the show including their winning single, "Stone".
Review
Jessica Thomas of Renowned for Sound said, "Cyrus sees Cyrus take their brand of smooth pop covering a plethora of popular tracks and breathing a fresh life into them. There are 11 songs on their debut and while the 10 cover performances boast a very similar aesthetic to the original tune they're all infused with that Cyrus twist which makes them stand well on their own."
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2015 albums
Sony Music Australia albums
Aristide and the Endless Revolution is a 2005 feature documentary directed and produced by Nicolas Rossier about former Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide and the coup d'etat that ousted them from the country in 2004. Rossier was the first media professional to get exclusive access to Aristide while in exile and the resultant interview is featured in the film, as well as interviews with many experts on Haiti, including U.S. Representative Maxine Waters, noted economist Jeffrey Sachs and Aristide's lawyer Ira J. Kurzban.
Background
Jean-Bertrand Aristide won Haiti's first democratic presidential election in 1990 but was overthrown and exiled the following year. They were restored to their presidency in 1994 and won the next election in 2000 but 2004 brought another coup which removed Aristide from power once again. Although they were and remains extremely popular with Haitian citizens, many critics and opponents of the man contend that their government was rife with corruption and ineffective at addressing the country's severe economic woes.
The role of the U.S. government in the 2004 ouster remains highly contentious. The film delves into the build-up of that event, as well as the history of Haitian independence and the rise of Aristide from poverty to presidency. Rossier speaks with many prominent figures in and outside of Haiti, including American author and academic Noam Chomsky, actor and activist Danny Glover and the Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs under President George W. Bush, Roger Noriega.
Reception
The film was released in 2005 and screened at many festivals worldwide, including Vancouver, São Paulo, BAFICI, Cuba, IDFA in Amsterdam and RIDM in Montreal. It won "Best Feature Documentary" and the audience award for best documentary at the Los Angeles Pan-African Film Festival. It opened on televisions in Canada CBC Radio Canada, France Public Senat and on selective PBS stations and Link TV in the USA and received critical praise throughout its theatrical and broadcast runs. The film was widely reviewed and garnered positive write-ups in many publications including The New York Times and Variety. Haitian activist Nadine Dominique - daughter of slain journalist Jean Dominique - declared that "the film deserves to be seen by Haitians ... [it] seems to be exactly what we need today". Paul Farmer, founder of Partners in Health and featured in the documentary, wrote that, "I saw it twice and showed it to friends in Haiti... [it is] a great tool." The film was nominated at IDFA in Amsterdam for the Amnesty International Doen Award.
References
External links
"Aristide and the Endless Revolution", KQED World, August 8, 2012
Official website
Baraka Productions website
Aristide and the Endless Revolution at the Internet Movie Database
Partners in Health website
Link TV page
2005 films
Haitian documentary films
Documentary films about politicians
English-language Haitian films
English-language Swiss films
In molecular biology, the calcipressin family of proteins negatively regulate calcineurin by direct binding. They are essential for the survival of T helper type 1 cells. Calcipressin 1 is a phosphoprotein that increases its capacity to inhibit calcineurin when phosphorylated at the conserved FLISPP motif; this phosphorylation also controls the half-life of calcipressin 1 by accelerating its degradation.
In humans, the Calcipressins family of proteins is derived from three genes. Calcipressin 1 is also known as modulatory calcineurin-interacting protein 1 (MCIP1), Adapt78 and Down syndrome critical region 1 (DSCR1). Calcipressin 2 is variously known as MCIP2, ZAKI-4 and DSCR1-like 1. Calcipressin 3 is also called MCIP3 and DSCR1-like 2.
References
Protein families
Pomasia psylaria is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Sri Lanka.
Description
Its wingspan is about 28 mm in the male and 32 mm in the female. Body bright rufous. Head, thorax and abdomen banded with greyish white. Forewings with orange costa, with black patches and strigae. A grey fascia found below the costa. A basal grey spot can be seen. There are six irregularly waved grey lines outlined in black. The veins streaked with grey and black. Outer margin orange, with black patches at veins 2 and 4. Hindwings with a basal grey spot. Five waved greyish lines found with black outlines. The outer margin orange, with a black patch at vein 4. Ventral side is suffused with pale fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1857
Eupitheciini
Västerbottens museum in the Gammlia area of Umeå, Sweden is a county museum with responsibility for the cultural history of Västerbotten County. The museum consists of the Gammlia open-air museum, a ski exhibition (previously the Swedish Ski Museum), an exhibition of Fishing and Maritime (previously the Fishing and Maritime Museum), the popular movement archive of Västerbotten County and a number of Sami camps. The museum is working all over Västerbotten County with, amongst other things, numerous contract activities, mainly in the archaeological field. The museum produces the quarterly journal Västerbotten for the Västerbotten County district association.
The open-air museum with Sami camps
Gammlia is an open-air museum that is an integrated part of the Västerbottens museum. The open-air museum has a collection of historical buildings and organizes activities to showcase what Västerbotten looked like in historical times. The buildings that can be viewed at Gammlia have been brought together from different parts of the county; including Helena Elisabeth Church, a manor house, a windmill, an 18th-century farmhouse, a school, a blacksmith shop and a number of Sami camps. During summertime Swedish native breeds of horses, cows, sheep, pigs and chickens are on display in the open-air museum. Among the daily activities are butter churning, baking bread tunnbröd, crafts and handicrafts. The farms are open for viewing from mid-June to late August, and during the annual Christmas market. The outdoor area is always open to visitors.
The name Gammlia is based on Gamli, which was the winning entry in a naming contest that the historical society organized in conjunction with Gammlia's completion. Gamli is a paraphrase of the words "den gamla liden" ("the old hillside").
History
The Västerbotten County Antiquarian Society reached a decision at a meeting in January 1886 that "as a storage room for antiquities a museum shall be established in Umeå." It was initially located in the Ullbergska property in what nowadays is the block Thor on Storgatan. The Southern department's collection of objects were completely destroyed by the great city fire in Umeå on 25 June 1888, when most of the city was destroyed.
In 1901, the establishment relocated to the newly built grammar school. Due to the increasing size of the collection, the museum moved to the large warehouse by the city port in 1911. From the very start the local historical society, which was formed in 1919, was working for the establishment of a museum building in the Gammlia area. The building was completed in 1939.
Between 1921 and 1990, various older buildings from Västerbotten County were moved to the area. The original plan was to have a farm from the northern part of the county and one from the south, but because of high costs it was instead decided to compile some buildings from the north and some from the south of Västerbotten into a single farm.
In 1928, a ski museum was inaugurated in a ski jump tower in the recreational area Fiskartorpet at Norra Djurgården in Stockholm. In 1963, the collections were moved to the Swedish Ski Museum in Umeå. One of the museum's artefacts is the world's oldest ski.
The main building of Västerbottens museum was designed by the architect Bengt Romare and was constructed in 1943.
The museum has since expanded several times and one of the largest expansions in 1981 made it possible for Bildmuseet – a contemporary art museum of Umeå University – to move in. In 2012, Bildmuseet relocated to a new building on the Umeå Arts Campus and Västerbottens museum was thus able to expand in its previous premises.
The museum's logo consists of a reproduction of a bronze link from a thousand year old Sami burial in Vargviken, next to the Vindel River.
Notes
External links
Västerbottens museum website
Open-air museums in Sweden
Museums in Västerbotten County
Dimboola is a 1973 film. It is a filmed recording of a performance of Jack Hibberd's play of the same name by the Australian Performing Group at The Pram Factory.
Cast
Bruce Spence
Fay Mokotow
Wilfred Last
Rosslyn de Winter
Tim Robertson
Jan Friedl
Charles Kemp
Robert Meldrum
Evelyn Krape
Peter Cummins
Jude Kuring
Eileen Chapman
Bill Garner
Kerry Dwyer
Jack Charles
Max Gillies
Production
The film was shot during an actual performance at the Pram Factory, Carlton, Melbourne on the evening of 22 May 1973.
External links
Dimboola at Oz Movies
1973 films
Australian comedy-drama films
Australian films based on plays
1970s English-language films
1970s Australian films
Zhang Qibin (; born 23 June 1994 in Zibo, Shandong) is a Chinese male swimmer. In the 2016 Olympics, Zhang swam the 100 m butterfly, placing 27th in the final with a time of 52.84 seconds.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Male butterfly swimmers
Olympic swimmers of China
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Asian Games competitors for China
Swimmers at the 2014 Asian Games
Sportspeople from Zibo
Swimmers from Shandong
Dianthus borbasii is a species of Dianthus in the carnation family native to the steppes and light pine woodlands of Eastern Europe and western Asia as far as Kazakhstan. They prefer to grow in sandier soils, or places with light disturbance, so that there is less competition from grasses.
References
borbasii
Plants described in 1886
Marcus A. Cromartie (born December 3, 1990) is an American football cornerback who most recently played as a member of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League. They played college football at Wisconsin, and signed with the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2013.
Early years
Ranked as the 43rd best defensive back prospect in the nation by Rivals.com along with 57th best prospect by Scout.com. They were among the Top 100 players in the state of Texas. They were selected to the PrepTicket all-state team and also was a Texashsfootball.com honorable mention all-state team. They were named to second-team all-district in their junior season. They were selected to the first-team all-district and all-area team in their senior season in high school. Cromartie attended Mansfield Timberview High School in Arlington, Texas.
Professional career
San Diego Chargers
On April 27, 2013, Cromartie signed with the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent. On December 16, 2013, they were promoted to the active roster.
Cleveland Browns
On October 29, 2014, Cromartie was signed to the Cleveland Browns' practice squad but was released the next day.
San Francisco 49ers
On November 18, 2014, Cromartie was signed to the San Francisco 49ers' practice squad. On September 5, 2015, they were released by the 49ers during final roster cuts and was signed to the practice squad the next day. After cornerbacks Tramaine Brock and Kenneth Acker sustained injuries, Cromartie was promoted to the active roster and made their first start of 2015 on November 8, 2015 against the Falcons, recording seven tackles. They appeared in eight games in 2015, recording 12 tackles and two pass deflections.
Buffalo Bills
On April 7, 2017, Cromartie signed with the Buffalo Bills. On May 11, 2017, they were waived by the Bills.
Seattle Seahawks
On May 31, 2017, Cromartie was signed by the Seattle Seahawks. They were placed on injured reserve on September 2, 2017. They were released on September 11, 2017.
Houston Texans
On October 4, 2017 Cromartie was signed by the Houston Texans. They were released on October 14, 2017.
Detroit Lions
On August 19, 2018, Cromartie signed with the Detroit Lions. They were placed on injured reserve on August 31, 2018. They were released on September 18, 2018.
Montreal Alouettes
In April 2019, Cromartie signed with the Montreal Alouettes of the CFL. In the first game of the season, Cromartie recorded seven tackles, and recovered a fumble that was forced by teammate Tommie Campbell. However this was their only game; Cromartie suffered an injury and was placed on the 6 game injured list. After recovering and coming off the list, they were released on August 7th.
Personal life
 They are a cousin of Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, who was an All-American cornerback at Tennessee State University, and was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals with the 16th overall pick in the 2008 NFL Draft as well as the cousin of former NFL cornerback Antonio Cromartie.
References
External links
San Diego Chargers bio
Wisconsin Badgers bio
1990 births
Living people
People from Mansfield, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football cornerbacks
Wisconsin Badgers football players
San Diego Chargers players
Cleveland Browns players
San Francisco 49ers players
Buffalo Bills players
Seattle Seahawks players
Houston Texans players
Detroit Lions players
Montreal Alouettes players
Canadian football defensive backs
American players of Canadian football
Bruce Dobler (1939–2010) was an American writer.
Life
Born June 30, 1939 in Chicago, Illinois, Bruce Dobler earned their BA at the University of Illinois and MFA at the Iowa Writers' Workshop. In 1969–1970, Dobler was the first "writer-in-residence" at Phillips Exeter Academy. Later they taught English Literature and Writing at Windham College, the University of Arizona, and the University of Texas, El Paso. They taught writing at the University of Pittsburgh from 1979 until their retirement in 2008. Dobler was married to the poet Patricia Dobler (1939–2004). They divorced them in 1992. On July 4, 2008, they married Julieta (Julie) Barrera.
Death
Dobler was found dead in their home in El Paso, Texas on August 15, 2010. They were 71 years old at the time of their death, and was survived by their two daughters and second wife.
Works
The Last Rush North, novel (Little,Brown, 1976)
Ice Pick: A Novel about Life and Death in a Maximum Security Prison, novel (Little,Brown, 1974)
I Made It Myself, (Grosset, 1973)
References
1939 births
2010 deaths
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
University of Arizona faculty
University of Texas at El Paso faculty
University of Pittsburgh faculty
20th-century American novelists
Writers from Pittsburgh
Writers from Chicago
American male novelists
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from Pennsylvania
Novelists from Texas
Novelists from Illinois
Novelists from Arizona
KSLL (1080 AM,) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Price, Utah, United States, the station serves the Central Utah area. The station is currently owned by Ajb Holdings, LLC.
KSLL's skywave signal has been reported in Salt Lake City, Utah and Green River, Wyoming
1080 AM is a United States clear-channel frequency, on which KOAN in Anchorage, Alaska, KRLD in Dallas, Texas, and WTIC in Hartford, Connecticut share Class A status. KSLL must leave the air between sunset and sunrise to protect the nighttime skywave signals of the Class A stations.
FM translator
The KSLL (1080 kHz) True Country signal is relayed to an FM translator; this translator provides the listener with the choice of FM 24 hours per day with stereophonic high fidelity sound.
References
External links
FCC History Cards for KSLL
Country radio stations in the United States
SLL
Radio stations established in 1980
1980 establishments in Utah
SLL
Henry Manning Sage (May 18, 1868 in Albany, New York – September 25, 1933 in Menands, Albany County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Early life
Henry Manning Sage was born in Albany, New York on May 18, 1868. They were the son of Dean Sage (1841–1902) and Sarah Augusta (née Manning) Sage and the grandson of Henry W. Sage (1814–1897).
They attended The Albany Academy, and graduated from Yale College in 1890. Their sister, Susan Linn Sage (1866–1933) married James Fenimore Cooper (1858–1938), grandson of prolific author James Fenimore Cooper (1789–1851). Susan and James were the parents of Paul Fenimore Cooper (1899–1970), an author and Henry's nephew.
Career
After graduation from Yale, they began working in the lumber business, like their father and grandfather, eventually becoming president of Sage Land and Development Company, as well as a director of several banks and insurance companies in Albany. The family later donated the funds to build Sage Hall at Yale, at the time, the largest forestry school on the continent.
Sage was a Republican member of the New York State Assembly (Albany Co., 4th D.) in 122nd New York State Legislature, serving from January 1 until December 31, 1899.
Later from January 1, 1911 until December 31, 1920, Sage was a member of the New York State Senate, sitting in the 134th, 135th, 136th, 137th, 138th, 139th, 140th, 141st (all eight 28th D.), 142nd and 143rd New York State Legislatures (both 30th D.). While in the State Senate, they served as Chairman of the Finance Committee from 1914 to 1920.
Afterwards they were Chairman of the State Hospital Development Commission. They were a delegate to the 1916, 1920 and 1924 Republican National Conventions.
In 1932, they wrote to The New York Times about New York's finances and warning against increasing taxes.
Personal life
On October 29, 1895, they married Anna Wheeler Ward (b. 1875). Anna was the daughter of Dr. Samuel Baldwin Ward, an Albany surgeon. Together, they were the parents of two daughters:
Anne Erskine Sage (1897–1934), who married a Swiss Army Officer.
Katherine Linn Sage (1898–1963), an artist who married Prince Ranieri di San Faustino in 1925.
Henry and Anna Sage were divorced in 1908. On May 11, 1911, they married Cornelia McClure Cogswell (1880–1972). They were the daughter of Ledyard and Cornelia (née McClure) Cogswell. Together, they were the parents of two more children:
Cornelia Sage, who became engaged, and wed, to John Cotton Walcott in 1935.
Henry M. Sage Jr.
They died on September 25, 1933, at their home "Fernbrook" in Menands, New York, of a heart attack after having been ill for several years. They were buried at the Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands.
Board of Trustees
In March 1900, they were elected a trustee of Cornell University, to fill the seat which had been vacant since the death of their grandfather Henry W. Sage (1814–1897) who had been Chairman of the Board of Trustees for more than 20 years. Henry M. Sage and their uncle William H. Sage (1844–1924) resigned from the Board of Trustees in protest against the burial of Willard Fiske (1831–1904) in the Sage Chapel.
Sources
Notes
Sources
Suther, Judith D. A House of Them Own: Kay Sage, Solitary Surrealist. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1997.
Official New York from Cleveland to Hughes by Charles Elliott Fitch (Hurd Publishing Co., New York and Buffalo, 1911, Vol. IV; pg. 340 and 367)
Sage genealogy at Gen Forum
Albany Rural Cemetery, notable burials
1868 births
1933 deaths
New York (state) state senators
New York (state) Republicans
Politicians from Albany, New York
Yale College alumni
Burials at Albany Rural Cemetery
People from Menands, New York
The Albany Academy alumni
The MIT Press is a university press affiliated with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts (United States). It was established in 1962.
History
The MIT Press traces its origins back to 1926 when MIT published under its own name a lecture series entitled Problems of Atomic Dynamics given by the visiting German physicist and later Nobel Prize winner, Max Born. Six years later, MIT's publishing operations were first formally instituted by the creation of an imprint called Technology Press in 1932. This imprint was founded by James R. Killian, Jr., at the time editor of MIT's alumni magazine and later to become MIT president. Technology Press published eight titles independently, then in 1937 entered into an arrangement with John Wiley & Sons in which Wiley took over marketing and editorial responsibilities. In 1962 the association with Wiley came to an end after a further 125 titles had been published. The press acquired its modern name after this separation, and has since functioned as an independent publishing house.
A European marketing office was opened in 1969, and a Journals division was added in 1972. In the late 1970s, responding to changing economic conditions, the publisher narrowed the focus of their catalog to a few key areas, initially architecture, computer science and artificial intelligence, economics, and cognitive science.
In January 2010 the MIT Press published its 9000th title, and in 2012 the Press celebrated its 50th anniversary, including publishing a commemorative booklet on paper and online.
The press co-founded the distributor TriLiteral LLC with Yale University Press and Harvard University Press. TriLiteral was acquired by LSC Communications in 2018.
In July 2020, the MIT Press transitioned its worldwide sales and distribution to Penguin Random House Publisher Services.
Business
The MIT Press primarily publishes academic and general interest titles in the fields of Art and Architecture; Visual and Cultural Studies; Cognitive Science; Philosophy; Linguistics; Computer Science; Economics; Finance and Business; Environmental Science; Political Science; Life Sciences; Neuroscience; New Media; and Science, Technology, and Society.
The MIT Press is a distributor for Semiotext(e), Goldsmiths Press, Strange Attractor Press, Sternberg Press, Terra Nova Press, Urbanomic, and Sequence Press. In 2000, the MIT Press created CogNet, an online resource for the study of the brain and the cognitive sciences.
In 1981, the MIT Press published its first book under the Bradford Books imprint, Brainstorms: Philosophical Essays on Mind and Psychology by Daniel C. Dennett.
In 2018, the Press and the MIT Media Lab launched the Knowledge Futures Group to develop and deploy open access publishing technology and platforms.
In 2019, the Press launched the MIT Press Reader, a digital magazine that draws on the Press's archive and family of authors to produce adapted excerpts, interviews, and other original works. The publication describes itself as one which "aims to illuminate the bold ideas and voices that make up the Press's expansive catalog, to revisit overlooked passages, and to dive into the stories that inspired the books".
Retail outlet
The MIT Press Bookstore, founded in 1980, is one of the only retail bookstores owned and operated by a university press. The MIT Press Bookstore moved to 314 Main Street in Kendall Square in 2021. The store showcases MIT Press's front and backlist titles, alongside a large selection of complementary works from other academic and trade publishers. The new bookstore space features a dedicated area for children's space, featuring STEAM books.
The Bookstore regularly collaborates with various organizations and the MIT Press on author events and exhibits.
Colophon
The MIT Press uses a colophon or logo designed by its longtime design director, Muriel Cooper, in 1962. The design is based on a highly abstracted version of the lower-case letters "mitp", with the ascender of the "t" at the fifth stripe and the descender of the "p" at the sixth stripe the only differentiation. It later served as an important reference point for the 2015 redesign of the MIT Media Lab logo by Pentagram.
Open Access
The MIT Press is a leader in open access book publishing. They published their first open access book in 1995 with the publication of William Mitchell's City of Bits, which appeared simultaneously in print and in a dynamic, open web edition. They now publish open access books, textbooks, and journals. Open access journals include American Journal of Law and Equality, Computational Linguistics, Data Intelligence, Harvard Data Science Review, Network Neuroscience, Neurobiology of Language, Open Mind, Projections, Quantitative Science Studies, Rapid Reviews: COVID-19, Transactions of the Association of Computational Linguistics, and Thresholds.
In 2021, the Press launched Direct to Open, a framework for open access monographs. MIT Press Open Architecture and Urban Studies is a robust digital collection of classic and previously out-of-print architecture and urban studies books hosted on our digital book platform, MIT Press Direct.
The Fund for Diverse Voices
The MIT Press's Fund for Diverse Voices supports new work by authors who bring excluded and chronically underrepresented perspectives to the fields in which the Press publishes across the sciences, arts, and humanities. The Fund also provides financial support for the MIT Press Grant Program for Diverse Voices the provides financial support for authors that are underrepresented in scholarly publishing. Books supported by the Fund include Power On! by Jean J. Ryoo and Jane Margolis, Carbon Queen by Maia Weinstock, Bright Galaxies, Dark Matter, and Beyond by Ashley Jean Yeager, and The Curie Society by Heather Einhorn, Adam Staffaroni, Janet Harvey, and Joan Hilty.
MIT Kids Press and MITeen Press
In 2019, the MIT Press partnered with Candlewick Press to launch two new imprints for young readers, MIT Kids Press and MITeen Press to publish books for children and young adults on STEAM topics.
List of journals published by the MIT Press
Arts and humanities
African Arts
ARTMargins
Computer Music Journal
Daedalus
Design Issues
Grey Room
JoDS: Journal of Design and Science
Leonardo
Leonardo Music Journal
The New England Quarterly
October
PAJ: A Journal of Performance and Art
Projections
Thresholds
Economics
Asian Economic Papers
Cryptoeconomic Systems
Education Finance and Policy
The Review of Economics and Statistics
International affairs, history, and political science
American Journal of Law and Equality
Global Environmental Politics
Innovations
International Security
Journal of Cold War Studies
Journal of Interdisciplinary History
Perspectives on Science
Science and technology
Artificial Life
Computational Linguistics
Data Intelligence
Evolutionary Computation
Harvard Data Science Review
Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience
Linguistic Inquiry
Network Neuroscience
Neural Computation
Neurobiology of Language
Open Mind: Discoveries in Cognitive Science
Presence: Teleoperators & Virtual Environments
Quantitative Science Studies
Rapid Reviews: COVID-19
Transactions of the Association for Computational Linguistics
References
External links
Official website
MIT Press Journals homepage
The MIT PressLog (no longer in use, news blog for the MIT Press)
The MIT Press Reader
The MIT Press Blog
The MIT Press Podcast
University presses of the United States
The Malone Road () is a radial road in Belfast, Northern Ireland, leading from the university quarter southwards to the affluent suburbs of Malone and Upper Malone, each a separate electoral ward. The road runs parallel to the Lisburn Road and is linked by over a dozen side streets, while at its northern end, the Stranmillis Road rejoins the Malone Road to form University Road, which in turn joins with the Lisburn Road to become Bradbury Place. Most of the road is in the BT9 postcode district.
At the southern end of the Malone Road lies Malone House, a mansion in the late Georgian style. The house is now maintained by Belfast City Council.
The residential streets leading off the Malone Road and Upper Malone Road are known for their high property prices, and the area is therefore a byword in Northern Ireland for affluence.
History
The Troubles
On 25 August 1971 during the Troubles Henry Beggs, a 23-year-old Protestant civilian, was killed by an Irish Republican Army (IRA) bomb placed at the Northern Ireland Electricity Service office on Malone Road. In June 1979 Private Alexander Gore of the Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR), also 23, was killed in an IRA gun attack at the Malone Road army barracks.
The Malone Road army base was closed and sold to private developers in 2003.
Education
The district contains two of Belfast's best known grammar schools. At the northern end of the road, number 1 Malone Road is Methodist College Belfast, while further south lies Victoria College, Belfast. The district also hosts Queen's Elms Village, the main halls of residence for students from Queen's University Belfast, housing over 1,000 students.
Inchmarlo, the preparatory department of the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, is also located in the area.
Sports
Off the Malone Road are many private sports clubs, the YMCA grounds at Bladon, Belfast Harlequins and Methody sports ground at Deramore Park, the Royal Belfast Academical Institution playing fields at Osborne Park and Bladon, the Queen's University Belfast playing fields at Upper Malone, the Police Service of Northern Ireland country club at Newforge Lane and Instonians and Cooke rugby clubs playing fields at Shaw's Bridge. Malone rugby club began life in Malone before moving to the Cregagh area of Belfast. The Malone Road is also home to St Brigid's Gaelic Athletic Club and Aquinas Football Club
Churches
There are four churches in Malone, including St Brigid's Roman Catholic Church, Fisherwick Presbyterian Church, St John's Church Malone Anglican Church and McCracken Memorial Presbyterian Church.
Flora and fauna
The wild plants, "weeds", are listed and discussed in the "Urban Flora" by Beesley and Wilde. They noted that the residents keep their gardens relatively weed-free. In the area (Common Figwort), (Foxglove) and (Red Campion) were noted in an old lane off the Malone Park. (Broad-leaved Hellborine), an orchid, was spreading up New Forge Lane and (Three-cornered Garlic) was recorded from Cranmore.
Notable residents
The Malone Road area of Belfast has been home to many notable and historical people. From Moyses Hill, who received a 61-year lease in 1606 John Eccles was the first known resident of Cranmore House., later John Templeton lived on the road. Malone Road is also the home of restaurateur and chef Paul Rankin and television presenters Rose Neill, Donna Traynor, Jim Fitzpatrick and Paul Clarke.
It was satirised in two novels by Gareth Russell, later adapted into a trilogy of plays, and by comedian Paddy Rafferty in their television show and successful stand-up act.
References
External links
Malone House
Roads in Northern Ireland
Streets in Belfast
Food libel laws, also known as food disparagement laws and informally as veggie libel laws, are laws passed in thirteen U.S. states that make it easier for food producers to sue their critics for libel. These thirteen states are Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Dakota and Texas. Many of the food-disparagement laws establish a lower standard for civil liability and allow for punitive damages and attorney's fees for plaintiffs alone, regardless of the case's outcome.
These laws vary significantly from state to state, but food libel laws typically allow a food manufacturer or processor to sue a person or group who makes disparaging comments about their food products. In some states these laws also establish different standards of proof than are used in traditional American libel lawsuits, including the practice of placing the burden of proof on the party being sued.
An example of the situation is the New York Times reporting about "facts from a study showing the amounts of lead found in over-the-counter calcium supplements" being censored.
Origins
On February 26, 1989, CBS News' 60 Minutes aired a segment entitled "'A' is for Apple," in which 60 Minutes anchors investigated a report published by the Natural Resources Defense Council on the safety of daminozide, a growth regulator used on apples to preserve their freshness. The NRDC, and 60 Minutes along with them, claimed that daminozide, sold under the brand name Alar, was carcinogenic, especially when consumed by children. According to the report, Alar remained in apple skin even after processing, meaning that not only raw apples, but also apple products, like apple juice and apple sauce, could pose health risks.
Immediately after the segment aired, consumers panicked and apple sales declined by nearly 60% nationwide. Growers reported revenue losses of $100M as a result. Seeking recompense, eleven Washington State apple growers banded together to sue CBS for trade libel: the intentional publication of false information about a product. Trade libel laws stipulate that the burden of proof falls on the plaintiff, meaning that the growers needed to prove in court by "the preponderance of the evidence" that 60 Minutes' claims about daminozide's carcinogenicity were dubious in order for the jury to decide in their favor. The growers failed to do so, and their case was dismissed as a result. In response, lobbyists affiliated with the agricultural industry began to campaign for stricter trade libel laws specific to agricultural products. They argued that agricultural products deserved special protections because of their perishability: they might spoil before the truth of claims regarding their safety had been verified. As a result, thirteen states adopted food libel laws, which offer larger settlement sums than regular trade libel laws and, unlike trade libel laws, often place the burden of proof on a case's defendant, rather than its plaintiff.
The Economist reported that "The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) eventually decided that Alar was indeed a carcinogen."
Notable cases
Texas Beef Group v. Winfrey
In 1998, television talk-show host Oprah Winfrey and one of their guests, Howard Lyman, were involved in a lawsuit, commonly referred to as the Amarillo, Texas, beef trial, surrounding the Texas version of a food libel law known as the False Disparagement of Perishable Food Products Act of 1995. The words "Cows are herbivores. They shouldn't be eating other cows ... It has just stopped me cold from eating another burger." were attributed to Winfrey as part of a 1996 episode of their show. It was accused that the two made disparaging comments about beef in relation to mad cow disease. Although they were not the first people to be sued using this type of legal action, this case created a media sensation.
In a normal U.S. libel suit, the plaintiff must prove that the defendant is deliberately and knowingly spreading false information. Under the Texas food disparagement law under which Winfrey and Lyman were sued, the plaintiffs—in this case, beef feedlot operator Paul Engler and the company Cactus Feeders—had to convince the jury that Lyman's statements on Winfrey's show were not "based on reasonable and reliable scientific inquiry, facts, or data." As a basis for the damages sought in the lawsuit, the plaintiffs noted that cattle futures dropped 10 percent the day after the episode, and that beef prices fell from 62 cents to 55 cents per pound. Engler's attorneys argued that the rancher lost $6.7 million, and the plaintiffs sought to recoup total losses of more than $12 million.
The jury in the case found that the statements by Winfrey and Lyman did not constitute libel against the cattlemen. However, Winfrey no longer speaks publicly on the issue, and declines to make videotapes of the original interview available to enquiring journalists.
Beef Products, Inc. v. ABC News (Pink Slime case)
On March 7, 2012, ABC News aired a segment dedicated to investigating a beef product called lean finely textured beef (LFTB) sold by the South Dakota beef company Beef Products, Inc (BPI). ABC News correspondents, including Diane Sawyer, reported on a whistleblower's claim that BPI's LFTB was used as a filler in the ground beef sold by many American beef companies, as a way of cutting costs. According to the unknown whistleblower and ABC News, BPI's LFTB was derived from beef trimmings sprayed with ammonia, and resembled "pink slime". Throughout March and April, ABC News continued to run segments and publish articles about BPI's LFTB, including publishing updates on the company's financial losses after the original segment's airing.
On September 12, 2012, BPI sued ABC News for food disparagement under South Dakota's food libel legislation. They claimed that ABC News falsely portrayed their product, lean finely textured beef, as unfit for human consumption. BPI also claimed that ABC News' disparaging content led to serious financial damages for BPI. By their report, sales of BPI's LFTB dropped from five million to two million pounds per week, prompting the closure of three out of four production facilities and the lay-off of 700 employees. ABC News responded by calling for the case to be dismissed, arguing that it was within ABC News' First Amendment rights to investigate matters of possible concern to their viewers.
The case went to trial in June, 2017. Under South Dakota's Agricultural Food Products Disparagement Act, BPI could have received as much as $5.7 billion in statutory trebled damages were ABC News found liable. After the case had been tried for only three out of the expected eight weeks, ABC News and BPI reached a settlement of $177 million, the largest settlement recorded for a media defamation case. The terms of the settlement were not released.
Criticism
Food libel laws have faced opposition from free speech defenders, who argue that they restrict speech about agricultural products to a degree which is unconstitutional. Of particular concern is that some states' food libel laws seem to violate the "of or concerning" precedent which was established in the Supreme Court's 1964 decision on New York Times Co. v. Sullivan. Sullivan, the commissioner of the Montgomery, Alabama, police department, filed suit against the New York Times after the paper ran an advertisement paid for by a civil rights group which criticized the Montgomery police department's treatment of civil rights protestors. The Supreme Court's ruling in favor of the New York Times was supported in part by their argument that the advertisement was not explicitly "of or concerning" Sullivan, and so did not constitute libelous speech. Food libel legislation which defines disparagement of perishable agricultural products as any false statement that implies a product is unsafe, like the legislation present in Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas, and South Dakota, has been thought by some commentators to contradict this "of or concerning" element. Such legislation might allow speech involved in marketing campaigns, like those that tout organic products as superior to their non-organic competitors, to be construed as implying the impurity or poor quality of certain products, and thereby potentially illegal. States which broadly define the parties who are eligible to sue under food libel laws have also come under criticism for disregarding the "of or concerning" element. Critics' argument is that defaming speech about an agricultural product is not explicitly "of or concerning" parties only tangentially related to that product, like its transporters or marketers, meaning that those parties should not be able to file suit if the product is disparaged.
Food libel laws have also been criticized for their non-traditional placement of the burden of proof on the defendant rather than the plaintiff. In both defamation and trade disparagement legislation, plaintiffs are tasked with proving to the court that the speech in question is false. In food libel legislation present in all but two of the states which have food libel laws on their books, defendants are tasked with proving to the courts that their statements about the agricultural product in question are true. This is done by presenting scientific evidence to support the claims made about product safety and enlisting expert witnesses to substantiate those claims. Because these steps are so costly, there is concern that only very wealthy defendants would be able to muster a defense against a food disparagement claim.
For reasons such as those described above, food libel laws and cases filed under them have been accused by online commentators and civil liberties activism groups, such as the Civil Liberties Defense Center, for propagating a chilling effect. In a legal context, the "chilling effect" describes the phenomenon by which speech on a certain subject is indirectly curtailed by the passage of laws. Journalists have reported that simply the risk of legal retaliation for writing about food safety issues has stopped them from doing so. Smaller publishers, without the financial means to mount a defense should the producer of a food product oppose an author's commentary on it, have significantly revised or even canceled potentially liable books. Robert Hatherill's Eat to Beat Cancer and Britt Bailey's Against the Grain: Biotechnology and the Corporate Takeover of Your Food are notable examples of this practice. The former was subject to extensive editing by its publisher—whole sections related to links between meat and cancer were deleted—and the latter was canceled entirely after its publisher received a letter from Monsanto warning of a possible suit. Ozzie Zehner self-censored their Green Illusions, an analysis of the detrimental effects of certain environmental protection initiatives, because it included criticism of agribusiness. In the introduction to the book's chapter on consumption, Zehner wrote, "So-called food disparagement laws (also known as "veggie libel laws") enable the food industry to sue journalists, writers, and other people who criticize their products, often placing the burden of proof on the defendant...Unlike Winfrey, I do not have the financial resources to defend myself in such a suit, and as a result you and other readers will be cheated out of the whole story," referencing the Texas Beef Group v. Oprah Winfrey case.
Correspondingly, food libel cases have been alleged to be strategic lawsuits against public participation (SLAPP). In general, a SLAPP is a defamation or libel suit whose primary purpose is to silence the speaker and intimidate others from engaging in similar speech. In the specific context of food libel, the implication of the term is that agricultural companies sue under food libel laws in hopes of disincentivizing other potential critics lest they too be subjugated to a costly and inconvenient legal battle, rather than to necessarily win the case and recoup the costs of a damaged reputation. Complicating matters, twenty-nine states currently have statutes intended to prevent against the filing of SLAPP suits, including nine of the thirteen states with food libel laws.
In media
Public awareness of food libel laws and their impacts rose after the airing of Robert Kenner's 2008 documentary Food Inc., which attempted to investigate the commercial production of food. The documentary featured a scene in which Robert Kenner interviewed Barbara Kowalcyk, a scientist and food-safety activist whose son had died after eating a hamburger contaminated with E. coli. When Kenner asks Kowalcyk how their eating habits have changed after their son's death, they reply that they are unable to discuss the subject because doing so might open them up to a lawsuit under food libel legislation.
See also
Personal Responsibility in Food Consumption Act
Chilling effect (law)
Ag-gag
McLibel case
References
External links
"Signal Interference Group Project: Talking About Food". August 2010.
"Serving You Tonight Will Be Our Lawyer". New York Times. March 7, 2007
"Farmers' Right to Sue Grows, Raising Debate on Food Safety". New York Times. June 1. 1999.
"Apple growers bruised and bitter after alar scare". New York Times. July 9, 1991.
Chilling effect of laws from the Center for Science in the Public Interest
Existing laws by state Center for Science in the Public Interest.
Defamation
Food law
Law of the United States
Censorship in the United States
United Kingdom defamation law
Blacks Fork, also known as Blacks Fork Commissary, is a ghost town in Summit County, Utah, United States. Named for the Blacks Fork River, it was a logging town that operated from 1870 to 1930.
History
Blacks Fork was established in 1870 as a logging camp that supplied lumber to the railroad and mining industries. A large barn was erected near the center of the town, and several businesses and homes were built around the barn. Tradition says that the town also served as a military commissary during the early part of its history, but Utah ghost towns researcher Stephen Carr concluded that "...this suggestion is very unlikely," citing the camp's remote location and harsh climate, as well as the fact that an army post called "Blacks Fork" already existed near Bryan, Wyoming. The population peaked at about 100, but the town was soon abandoned. Remaining are the barn, a post office, and a few homes.
See also
List of ghost towns in Utah
References
External links
Ghost towns in Utah
Populated places established in 1870
1870 establishments in Utah Territory
Logging communities in the United States
Ghost towns in Summit County, Utah
Arthur Beauchamp (1827 – 28 April 1910) was a Member of Parliament from New Zealand.  They are remembered as the father of Harold Beauchamp, who rose to fame as chairperson of the Bank of New Zealand and was the father of writer Katherine Mansfield.
Biography
Beauchamp came to Nelson from Australia on the Lalla Rookh, arriving on 23 February 1861.
They lived much of their life in a number of locations around the top of the South Island, also Whanganui when Harold was 11 for seven years and then to the capital (Wellington). Then south to Christchurch and finally Picton and the Sounds. They had business failures and was bankrupted twice, in 1879 and 1884. They married Mary Stanley on the Victorian goldfields in 1854; Arthur and Mary lived in 18 locations over half a century, and are buried in Picton. Six of their ten children born between 1855 and 1893 died, including the first two sons born before Harold.
Beauchamp represented the Picton electorate from 1866 to 1867, when they resigned. They had the energy and sociability required for politics, but not the private income then required to be a parliamentarian. They supported the working man and the subdivision of big estates, opposed the confiscation of Māori land and was later recognised as a founding Liberal, the party that Harold supported and was a "fixer" for. Yska calls their life an extended chronicle of rootlessness, business failure and almost ceaseless family tragedy and Harold called their father a rolling stone by instinct.
Arthur also served on the council of Marlborough Province and is best-remembered for a 10-hour speech to that body when an attempt was made to relocate the capital from Picton to Blenheim.
In 1866 they attempted to sue the Speaker of the House, David Monro. At the time the extent of privilege held by Members of Parliament was unclear; a select committee ruled that the case could proceed, but with a stay until after the parliamentary session.
See also
References
1827 births
1910 deaths
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
People from the Marlborough Region
Local politicians in New Zealand
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Australian emigrants to New Zealand
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Vincent D. Fort (born April 28, 1956) is an American politician who served as a member of the Georgia State Senate for the 39th district from 1996 to 2017. They represented part of Fulton County for the 39th district. Their district includes part of Atlanta and East Point. Fort was an unsuccessful candidate in the 2017 Atlanta mayoral election.
Early life and education
Fort was born on April 28, 1956 in New Britain, Connecticut. They received their Bachelor of Arts degree in American history from Central Connecticut State College and a Master of Arts in African-American history from Atlanta University, where they wrote their thesis on an oral history of the sit-in movement during the civil rights era at the Atlanta University Center. They also completed doctorate coursework at Emory University.
Career
Fort has been described as a career educator and was previously a professor at Morris Brown College and Morehouse College, two historically black colleges in Atlanta.
Georgia State Senate
Fort was the first author of Georgia's predatory lending law, which, until replaced by a measure written by Congressman Tom Price, was the strongest law in the country. Senator Fort's legislation to fight predatory lending has been recognized by the national media as a model that could have helped reduce the severity of the 2008 financial crisis, had Georgia Republicans not repealed it and if it had been adopted by more states. They have appeared on or been quoted in numerous local, national and international media outlets about the topic, including CNN, Fox News, the New York Times, MSNBC, the Washington Post, Newsweek, The Nation Magazine, the Wall Street Journal, the Los Angeles Times, HDNet with Dan Rather and Financial Times.
They have also sponsored and co-sponsored bills against prostitution, hate crimes, drug-related nuisances, discrimination against citizens with disabilities, racial profiling, disabled access to housing, and collective bargaining for law enforcement officers. Their hate crimes legislation made them the first Georgia legislator to sponsor a bill to create a state hate crimes law. Fort has been described as a supporter of Grady Memorial Hospital.
Fort ran against Balch in the Democratic primary for the state senate in 2010. Fort won the primary with 67% of the vote.
During their tenure in the State Senate, Fort served on committees dealing with the judiciary, education, State institutions and properties, MARTA, appropriations, redistricting and reapportionment.
In February 2010, Fort opposed a bill that would prevent Georgians from being forced to receive a microchip implant against their will, calling it "a solution in search of a problem." On October 26, 2011, Senator Fort was arrested along with 52 other members of Occupy Atlanta, in support of the protesters. Senator Fort was also arrested in a protest for Medicaid expansion in Georgia at the office of Governor Nathan Deal. In the aftermath of the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, Fort criticized police militarization in Georgia.
In February 2016, Fort announced they would relinquish their support for Hillary Clinton, instead supporting Bernie Sanders in the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries. They issued a statement saying, "After months of looking at Bernie's record and studying their positions on healthcare, Wall Street, predatory lending and the minimum wage, I came to the conclusion that Bernie's position on the issues that affect my constituents in Georgia the most conform most closely to my positions." Senator Fort also cited the ejection of Black Lives Matter protestors from a Hillary Clinton speech at Clark Atlanta University in 2015 as motivation to shy away from the Clinton campaign during the primary. Their endorsement of Bernie Sanders for President made Fort the highest-ranking African-American legislator in the South to endorse Sanders.
2017 Atlanta mayoral election
As a candidate for mayor of Atlanta, Vincent Fort was endorsed by U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, former Democratic Governor of Georgia Roy Barnes, Atlanta Hip-Hop artist and business owner Michael Render, also known as Killer Mike, as well as 28 local labor unions. Their key campaign issues include affordable housing and stopping gentrification in Atlanta, as well as providing two free years of community and technical college to graduates of Atlanta public schools. Fort's platform had been described as democratic socialist. On September 30, 2017, Bernie Sanders held a rally for Vincent Fort in Saint Philip AME Church in Atlanta's East Lake neighborhood. Fort finished fifth in the November election, receiving only 9,310 (10%) of the votes which were cast.
2022 congressional election
In January 2022, Fort declared their candidacy for Georgia's 13th congressional district in the 2022 election. Fort came in 4th place out of 4 in the race.
References
External links
Senator Fort's Biography at the Official Website of the General Assembly of Georgia
Official campaign website
1956 births
21st-century American politicians
Central Connecticut State University alumni
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Living people
American democratic socialists
Politicians from New Britain, Connecticut
CAEX (Computer Aided Engineering Exchange) is a neutral data format that allows storage of hierarchical object information, e.g. the hierarchical architecture of a plant. On a certain abstraction level, a plant consists of modules or components that are interconnected. CAEX allows storage of those modules or components by means of objects. Object oriented concepts such as encapsulation, classes, class libraries, instances, instance hierarchies, inheritance, relations, attributes and interfaces are explicitly supported. CAEX bases on XML and is defined as an XML schema (xsd file). The original intention of developing CAEX was to remedy industry's lack of a common and established data exchange between process engineering tools and process control engineering tools. However, CAEX can be applied to all types of static object information, e.g. plant topologies, document topologies, product topologies, petri nets. It can also be used for non-technical applications like phylogenetic trees.
Technical features
CAEX combines model-techniques with meta-model-techniques. The model-techniques allow storage of object information that is common across different vendors, e.g. objects, attributes, interfaces, hierarchies, references, libraries and classes. The meta-model-techniques allow a flexible definition of object information that is usually individual and application dependent, e.g. certain attribute names, specific classes or object catalogues. CAEX is mainly a static data format and not designed for storage of dynamic information. However, it is possible to define special classes for the description of dynamic behaviour.
History
CAEX development started in 2002 as a university project at RWTH Aachen at the chair of process control engineering (Prof. U. Epple) with the industrial support of ABB corporate research Ladenburg. In 2003, the first CAEX proposal was submitted to the German standardization committee DKE K941 (TC65, WG12). In 2004, CAEX was published as part of the DIN V 44366. After a positive international vote, CAEX was published as part of the IEC PAS 62424 in May 2005. In 2007, the next IEC standardization step was passed, and it was published as IEC 62424 CDV (Committee Draft for Voting). On 12 August 2008, the final version of IEC 62424 (Ed. 1.0) was published.
Status
CAEX is currently available as CAEX Version 3 (Version 3).
Partners
- CAEX was developed within the DKE K 941 together with major industrial partners of the process industry; Bayer, BASF, Linde, Uhde, Wacker, Intergraph, Innotec, ABB and the RWTH Aachen.
- In the manufacturing automation area, CAEX serves as top level data format for the new neutral data exchange format AutomationML driven by Daimler, Siemens, KUKA, Rockwell and ABB .
Applications
CAEX is currently applied in the areas of process engineering, process control engineering, the oil & gas industry, and manufacturing automation engineering.
The following research institutes are especially involved in the investigation of CAEX (Status 2007).
RWTH Aachen
HSU Hamburg
TU Dresden
Fraunhofer Institute for Information and Data Processing (IITB)
Imperial College London
Johannes Kepler University Linz
AutomationML consortium
See also
AutomationML
References
External links
CAEX web site of the Chair of Process Control Engineering, RWTH Aachen, Germany
Computer file formats
Industry-specific XML-based standards
The Starkey International Institute for Household Management, commonly known as Starkey and nicknamed Butler Boot Camp, is a vocational school for Household Manager butlers founded in 1990 by Mary Louise Starkey and based in a Georgian-style mansion in Denver, Colorado, United States.
Training costs upwards of $13,000,and involves three main programs related to the Private Service position a Household Management program (eight weeks long), an Estate Management program (four weeks long), and a Service Management System program (one week long and also offered via correspondence) The school graduates over 60 trainees a year. As of 1999, the school had planned a satellite school in the Washington, D.C. area.
Members of the US military report most of the enlisted aides serving US Generals and Admirals have been trained by Starkey. It trains them to understand international protocol for entertaining visiting dignitaries, cooking skills, and understanding overall household service management. Among the school's regulations are a ban on the use of given names and the wearing of a uniform. Starkey emphasizes personal boundaries and professionalism. The school prefers the term "household manager" as a gender-neutral equivalent of "butler". Most students come from a background in a related field such as catering or property management, Higher Education and are generally older and starting second careers. The school initially used The Remains of the Day author Kazuo Ishiguro as a "model for butlering".
Today's Estate and Household Managers are authorities on service and well educated, demand is particularly strong. According to one expert, the U.S. was experiencing an unprecedented increase in the number of households that could afford a Household Manager . At this time demand far exceeded supply, and the school itself has a long waiting list.
This school and its owner was the subject of an investigative journalism article by John P. Davidson in Harper's Magazine in January 2014.
Controversies
In 2001, the school organized a "butler's convention" in Denver, with Paul Burrell as a keynote speaker. After the former butler to Princess Diana began speaking openly in their dispute with the royal family, Starkey was said to have criticized them for "betraying their ethics". They say the lessons from Mr. Burrell was an important one. They said if a client makes your situation intolerable, the only ethical choice was to quit.
In June 2008 Mary Starkey pleaded guilty to assaulting one of their students at the institute, Lisa Kirkpatrick, in Denver District Court. Starkey was later cleared of any wrongdoing.
The original incident occurred in January 2007 when Starkey was observed by several students to yell at Kirkpatrick as well as physically assault them The reason given was that Starkey did not like Kirkpatrick's appearance, although according to several eyewitnesses in addition to a number of prior students, this type of behavior was common for Starkey during 'high stress' days at the school, such as graduation or formal dinner exercises.
Sometime after the assault, students at the Institute confronted Starkey. They expressed their displeasure and concerns, including: Starkey's inappropriate behavior toward students and employees; They were anxious because they discovered the pin each successful graduate would receive — a pin symbolizing that they were all official, Starkey Certified Household Managers and ready to supervise the upkeep and administration of some of the most glamorous estates in the world — had little real-world value, in addition to Starkey's misrepresentation of percentage of graduates placed, which also took into consideration military students who were already employed.
Mary Starkey's legal saga was first reported in Denver's local tabloid Westword.
Sources
References
External links
Starkey website
Mary Starkey
Educational institutions established in 1990
Education in Denver
1990 establishments in Colorado
Hisasue Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 21.8 km2. The dam impounds about 15 ha of land when full and can store 699 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1977 and completed in 1980.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1980 establishments in Japan
The 4th White Cloth Hall was a market for the sale of undyed cloth on King Street in Leeds city centre in England. A blue plaque for the building can be found on the nearby Quebec Street.
The 4th White Cloth hall was built in 1868 by the North Eastern Railway company to replace the 3rd White Cloth Hall that they had had to partly demolish in 1865 to build the impressive North Eastern Viaduct to access the New Station.
The building did not last long, due to the decline in cloth manufacturing in Yorkshire. It was never fully used, and was demolished in 1895. Today the site is occupied by the Hotel Metropole. Like the 2nd White Cloth Hall only the cupola survives, incorporated onto the hotel roof.
See also
1st White Cloth Hall
2nd White Cloth Hall
3rd White Cloth Hall
References
Buildings and structures in Leeds
Demolished buildings and structures in England
Buildings and structures demolished in 1895
The Portrait of Cardinal Bibbiena is a portrait of Cardinal Bernardo Dovizi da Bibbiena (pope Leo X's private secretary) by Raphael, painted around 1516 and now in the Palazzo Pitti in Florence. Its rendering appears more rigid than is usual for Raphael, leading some critics to attribute it to one of their pupils or to feel it is possibly a copy from a lost autograph original.
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
Notes
References
External links
http://www.wga.hu/frames-e.html?/html/r/raphael/5roma/3/04bibbie.html
Bibbiena
1516 paintings
The 1970 Asbury Park race riots were a major civil disturbance that occurred in Asbury Park, New Jersey between July 4 and July 10, 1970. The seven days of rioting, looting, and destruction left more than 180 people injured, including 15 New Jersey state troopers, and resulted in an estimated $5,600,000 in damages.
Background
According to Katrina Martin in an article for the David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library at Duke University, "At the time of the riots, Asbury Park was a town of 17,000, 30% of which were African-American. The town's population increased to 80,000 with summer vacationers. The Great Depression, followed by World War II, caused the resort industry in Asbury Park to change dramatically to keep up with the times. The fancy resort stays gave way to weekend vacationers. The community maintained a steady resort community, but jobs at the resorts were frequently outsourced to white youth in the surrounding areas instead of local African American youth, which caused frustration in the community."A number of demands for youth programming by local African-American leaders had gone unmet by town leaders in the years leading up to the riots. As one blogger put it, "With the temperature in the high 90's, no jobs, no hope for jobs, no recreation programs, and no real indication that city fathers were listening to their concerns – the west side youth were frustrated, angry and most likely feeling a sense of hopelessness."
Events
The riots began on July 4, when African-American youth began breaking shop windows after a late dance at the West Side Community Center. By July 7, a list of twenty demands—including employment for black youth and appointment of black people on the Board of Education—was sent to the city by members of the black community.
Impacts
The riots caused an estimated $4,000,000 in damage, plus an additional $1,600,000 of cleanup costs. In the aftermath of the riots, the governor of New Jersey asked President Nixon to declare the city a disaster area. Many West side residents were displaced from their homes, and the neighborhood continued to be impacted for a number of years after the riots ended.
The riots brought national attention to Asbury Park, New Jersey. The events received extensive coverage, not only in the local papers, but also in the New York Times and on the major television networks. However, they have received relatively little scholarly notice in the years following; in the words of historian Daniel Weeks, "Some of the reasons for this neglect are obvious. Next to Los Angeles, Detroit, or Newark, where major “race riots” took place in the 1960s, Asbury Park is a small town. Then, too, in Asbury no one died, and historians, who are never immune to the culture in which they live, tend to measure the importance of civil unrest in terms of the death toll. But that is not to say what happened in Asbury is unimportant, particularly to the history of the city itself and to the history of New Jersey. Beyond these considerations, the events in Asbury Park should be remembered as part of what has been called the “Black Revolt” of the 1960s."
See also
Civil rights movement
Mass racial violence in the United States
List of incidents of civil unrest in the United States
References
1970 in New Jersey
African-American riots in the United States
Asbury Park, New Jersey
Urban decay in the United States
Riots and civil disorder in New Jersey
The South Carolina Open is the South Carolina state open golf tournament, open to both amateurs and PGA professionals. It is organized by the Carolinas section of the PGA of America, and both state opens run by the Carolinas section, the North Carolina Open and the South Carolina Open, are the only ones in the United States that prohibit non-PGA professionals from competing. It has been played annually since 1952 at a variety of courses around the state.
Winners
2021 Derek Watson
2020 No tournament
2019 Derek Watson
2018 Jack Faraci (amateur)
2017 Tate Hoisington (amateur)
2016 Matt Bova
2015 Cory Schneider
2014 Rohan Allwood
2013 John Patterson (amateur)
2012 Jerry Haas
2011 Jordan Pomeranz
2010 Charles Frost
2009 Billy Anderson
2008 Len Calvert
2007 Kelly Mitchum
2006 Jordan Pomeranz (amateur)
2005 Kelly Mitchum
2004 Stephen Isley
2003 Kelly Mitchum
2002 Jeff Lankford
2001 Gregg Jones (amateur)
2000 Tim Dunlavey
1999 Mike Bright (amateur)
1998 Randy Few
1997 Bill Lewis
1996 Jason Smoak
1995 Tim Dunlavey
1994 Bob Boyd
1993 Bob Boyd
1992 Bob Boyd
1991 Barry Black (amateur)
1990 Barry Black (amateur)
1989 Bob Boyd
1988 Mike Lawrence
1987 Mike Lawrence
1986 Vic Lipscomb
1985 Bob Boyd
1984 Mike Lawrence
1983 Mike Bright
1982 Vic Lipscomb
1981 Randy Glover
1980 Randy Glover
1979 Vic Lipscomb
1978 Terry Florence
1977 Randy Glover
1976 Terry Florence
1975 Dick Horne (amateur)
1974 Russell Glover
1973 Randy Glover
1972 Randy Glover
1971 Randy Glover
1970 Randy Glover
1969 Randy Glover
1968 Jack Lewis Jr. (amateur)
1967 Norman Flynn
1966 Tommy Cuthbert (amateur)
1965 Harold Kneece
1964 Dillard Traynham (amateur)
1963 Tony Evans
1962 Bert Yancey
1961 Harold Kneece
1960 Harold Kneece
1959 Joe Zarhardt
1958 Melvin Hemphill
1957 Mack Briggs
1956 Harley Long (amateur)
1955 Orville White
1954 Orville White
1953 Orville White
1952 Steve Duda
External links
PGA of America – Carolinas section
List of winners
Golf in South Carolina
PGA of America sectional tournaments
State Open golf tournaments
Recurring sporting events established in 1952
1952 establishments in South Carolina
Baeonoma mastodes is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 15–19 mm. The forewings are white with a rather thick suffused dark fuscous streak along the costa from the base to beyond the middle and a rounded-triangular dark fuscous blotch on the middle of the dorsum, reaching half across the wing. There is a slight spot of fuscous irroration on the end of the cell. There is a variable rounded blotch of dark fuscous irroration or suffusion extending over the termen. The hindwings are grey.
References
Moths described in 1916
Baeonoma
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
The black-throated wattle-eye (Platysteira peltata) is a species of bird in the family Platysteiridae.
It is found in Angola, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eswatini, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Somalia, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
References
External links
Black-throated wattle-eye - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
black-throated wattle-eye
Birds of Southern Africa
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
black-throated wattle-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Live After Death is a live album by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, originally released in October 1985 on EMI in Europe and its sister label Capitol Records in the US (it was re-released by Sanctuary/Columbia Records in the US in 2002 on CD and by Universal Music Group/Sony BMG Music Entertainment on DVD). It was recorded at Long Beach Arena, California and Hammersmith Odeon, London during the band's World Slavery Tour.
The video version of the concert only contains footage from the Long Beach shows. It was initially released though Sony as a "Video LP" on VHS hi-fi stereo and Beta hi-fi stereo with 14 songs and no special features and was reissued on DVD on 4 February 2008, which coincided with the start of the band's Somewhere Back in Time World Tour. In addition to the complete concert, the DVD features Part 2 of The History of Iron Maiden documentary series, which began with 2004's The Early Days and continued with 2013's Maiden England '88, documenting the recording of the Powerslave album and the following World Slavery Tour.
Background
Iron Maiden's World Slavery Tour began in Warsaw, Poland on 9 August 1984 and lasted 331 days, during which 187 concerts were performed To tie in with their 1984 album, Powerslave, the tour's stage show adhered to an ancient Egyptian theme, which was decorated with sarcophagi and Egyptian hieroglyphs, and mummified representations of the band's mascot, Eddie, in addition to numerous pyrotechnic effects. The theatricality of the stage show meant that it would become one of the band's most acclaimed tours, making it the perfect backdrop to their first live double album and concert video.
For the Live After Death video, the band hired director Jim Yukich to film two shows of their four-night run at Long Beach Arena, California from 14 to 17 March 1985.
The double LP was also recorded at Long Beach, although side four contains tracks recorded at Hammersmith Odeon, London on 8, 9, 10 and 12 October 1984. Bassist Steve Harris has stated that, even if they had had the time, they would not have added any studio overdubbing to the soundtrack: "We were really anti all that, anyway. We were very much, like, 'This has got to be totally live,' you know?"
The album has received consistent critical praise, with reviewers hailing it one of the genre's best live albums. For the band, the release was advantageous as it meant they could delay the recording of their next studio album, 1986's Somewhere in Time. Time off was beneficial for the band, who desperately needed to recuperate following the World Slavery Tour's heavy schedule.
Recorded dates
According to Harris, while the video used footage from two nights at Long Beach, the audio version is only made up of one performance, although no exact dates are specified. However, during "Running Free" on the audio version, vocalist Bruce Dickinson refers to it being the fourth concert at the venue, which should mean that the audio version was recorded on Sunday, 17 March. On the video version, after "2 Minutes to Midnight", Dickinson refers to it being "night number two" (Friday, 15 March), while on the documentary 12 Wasted Years, "The Trooper" and "The Number of the Beast" are said to have been recorded on Saturday, 16 March.
Cover art
The cover art, by Derek Riggs, pictures the band's mascot, Eddie, rising from a grave. Engraved on their tombstone is a misquote from fantasy and horror fiction author H. P. Lovecraft's The Nameless City:
The original Lovecraft text has an "and" instead of a "yet".
Also engraved on the headstone is what appears to be Eddie's full name, "Edward T H--", the remainder of which (his supposed surname, "Head") is obscured by a clump of sod.
The depiction of Eddie follows continuity from previous artworks. Their long hair is restored and they sport the metal screw cartouche from their Piece of Mind lobotomy, which is being struck by lightning.  They are also bound by metal cuffs connected by an electrical surge, as seen in Powerslave tour promotional artwork.
The back cover depicts the rest of the graveyard and a city being destroyed by lightning, which Riggs states was inspired by John Martin's painting, The Destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. Death appears in the clouds above the destroyed city; the character is a regular feature of Riggs' covers (such as "Twilight Zone", "The Trooper", Powerslave and Somewhere in Time).
Near Eddie's grave is a black cat with a halo, which also features in the Somewhere in Time and "Twilight Zone" artworks. This, said Riggs, was "not about anything really" and was added "to get people's attention". To the cat's left is a tombstone engraved with "Here lies Derek Riggs". Riggs also included gravestones that state "Live With Pride", added at the band's request to show opposition to lip-synched performances, "Here Lies Faust In Body Only", the German legend who sold their soul to the Devil (hence "in body only"), and a stone that simply reads "Thank You", representing the Grateful Dead.
The sleeve was hung in the studio where Florence and the Machine recorded their debut album Lungs. "Some of the songs on my album are like gothic horror shows," said singer Florence Welch. "So, yeah, Iron Maiden massively influenced the album, quote-unquote!"
The poster is shown on the episode of The Walking Dead, season 10 episode 22 "Here's Negan". It can be seen above Lucille and Negan's bed.
Intro
The intro before "Aces High" is a part of the shall fight on the beaches speech made by Winston Churchill in the House of Commons on 4 June 1940. (Churchill re-recorded the speech – the original speech in the House of Commons was not recorded.):
It was later used for their Ed Hunter Tour, Somewhere Back in Time World Tour, Maiden England World Tour, and the Legacy of the Beast World Tour.
Critical reception
Live After Death has been highly rated by critics since its release; Kerrang! and Sputnikmusic both agree that it is "possibly the greatest live album of all time", while AllMusic describes it as "easily one of heavy metal's best live albums".
Sputnikmusic argues that it is the band's best live album, concluding that "Iron Maiden's 1985 release has everything you could ask for. With, exciting renditions of classic songs, and brilliant performances, Live After Death is quite a fun listen." PopMatters describes it as "a searing, 102-minute collection of Maiden at [their] peak ... an absolute treasure for fans [which] went on to be universally regarded as an instant classic in the genre".
The album's video counterpart received similar critical acclaim, with AllMusic stating that "Live After Death is a visual pleasure as much as a sonic one. The elaborate staging and lighting effects are excellent. The editing is superb as well [with] very few rapid-fire, seizure-inducing camera cuts". The bonus features included in the 2008 DVD reissue were also praised by PopMatters, Kerrang! and About.com.
The album has also been described by Classic Rock as "the last great live album of the vinyl era."
Track listing
Notes
The first 13 tracks were recorded at Long Beach Arena in Long Beach, California, from 14 to 17 March 1985. The last five songs were recorded earlier on the same tour, at the Hammersmith Odeon in London on 8, 9, 10 and 12 October 1984. The Live After Death video was also recorded at Long Beach Arena, but on different nights than the audio.
The 1985 CD edition includes only the first 13 tracks due to CD length restrictions, and merges the intro track into the second, for a total of 12 tracks. A few tracks are also shortened, most notably "Running Free", which is missing the entire audience participation middle section, thus reducing its length to only 3:24 from its full 8-minute runtime. A 1995 re-release features this same truncated version of the concert, but comes with an additional CD containing the B-sides from the Live After Death single releases.
The 1998 and 2020 remastered CD reissues include the full concert in its original length, plus the additional tracks from side four on a second CD.
The video releases contain the 13 tracks included with the audio releases and closes with "Sanctuary". The DVD version features a bonus disc that includes The History of Iron Maiden – Part 2: Live After Death, the second part of an ongoing documentary series about the history of the band, Behind the Iron Curtain feature, promo videos and additional footage from various concerts, as well as a gallery of artwork and photos.
Personnel
Production and performance credits are adapted from the album, VHS and DVD liner notes.
Iron Maiden
Bruce Dickinson – vocals, guitar on "Revelations"
Dave Murray – guitar
Adrian Smith – guitar, backing vocals
Steve Harris – bass guitar, backing vocals
Nicko McBrain – drums
Production
Martin "Live Animal" Birch – producer, engineer, mixing
Mick McKenna – assistant engineer (Hammersmith)
Charlie McPherson – assistant engineer (Hammersmith)
Ricky Delena – engineer (Long Beach)
Nick Basich – second engineer (Long Beach), second mixing engineer
Wally Traugott – mastering
Derek Riggs – sleeve illustration, sleeve concept
Ross Halfin – photography
Steve Joule – sleeve design
Rod Smallwood – management, sleeve concept
Andy Taylor – management
Simon Heyworth – remastering (1998 edition)
Jim Yukich – director (video)
Matthew Amos – director ("The History of Iron Maiden" documentary)
Joe Abercrombie – editor ("The History of Iron Maiden" documentary)
Dave Pattenden – producer (DVD)
Chart performance
Album
1985 VHS
2008 DVD
Singles
Notes
Certifications
Audio
1985 VHS
2008 DVD
References
Iron Maiden live albums
1985 live albums
EMI Records live albums
Live heavy metal albums
Iron Maiden video albums
1985 video albums
EMI Records video albums
2008 video albums
Live video albums
Albums produced by Martin Birch
Albums recorded at the Hammersmith Apollo
pl:Live After Death#Film
Imma nephelastra is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are blackish fuscous, with pale ochreous markings, cloudy and ill defined. There is a short longitudinal streak from the base in the middle and a small spot beneath the costa at one-sixth, and one on the dorsum at one-fourth, as well as an incurved transverse spot in the disc at one-third, nearly reaching the costa but not nearly the dorsum. A moderate roundish spot is found on the costa beyond the middle, another towards the dorsum at two-thirds, and a third in the disc at three-fourths. A narrower transverse spot is found on the costa at four-fifths, and there are very indistinct marks above the tornus and towards the middle of the termen. The hindwings are dark fuscous, more thinly scaled towards the base, with two or three undefined semitransparent streaks towards the dorsum.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Nenu.. Sailaja... () is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language romantic comedy film directed by Kishore Tirumala and produced by Sravanthi Ravi Kishore, starring Ram Pothineni and Keerthy Suresh. The film was produced by Sri Sravanthi Movies, which also produced Ram's previous film Shivam. It was also released on 1 January 2016.
Plot
Hari is a happy go-lucky DJ. From their childhood, Hari used to propose to every girl that they came across but was turned down every time. They live with their parents and twin sister Swecha. They still try to woo every girl they encounter but fails. To overcome this depression, they sit with their best friend by the lighthouse in Vizag beach. They then starts drinking with their friend and shares memories of their 1st love in the village with a girl where Hari was staying before their father was transferred to Vizag. Hari, in an inebriated condition, is about to fall into the sea. But they are saved by Shailu. Hari asks them to drop them home as they have no money or vehicle to get home. Shailu offers lift, but drops them in the middle as they think they are trying to woo them and even doesn't tell them their name when asked by Hari. They then tells their friend that if God exists, they will never meet them again.
Next day in the hospital Hari encounters a young mute girl Pooja and politely asks about their name and school to which they respond by expressions. Shailu, also present in the hospital, gets impressed by Hari's behaviour and notes down their phone number when Hari gives Pooja their number. In another incident, when the roads are blocked by goons in order to inaugurate a statue by the minister, Hari beats them up and gives way to a passing ambulance which again impresses Shailu who was also present there. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Shailu was the girl with whom Hari first fell in love.
Meanwhile, a local goon Maharishi goes to Shailu's office and threatens Keerti, who is Shailu's friend and tells them to forget their boyfriend as they are marrying someone else. Shailu then calls Hari and asks for their help. They meet and there Hari reveals their name to Shailu and Keerti. Hari devises a plan and fools Maharishi by making a woman who claims that they are their childhood lover Suchitra and Keerti is their daughter talk to him. This results in Keerti's marriage with their lover.
Hari, now falls in love with Shailu. They spend time with each other. One day, they drop them from office to home when they reveal that they have to go to Goa the very next day for an ad shoot. Hari drops them at the airport by car where Shailu asks them to come to Goa along with them to which they agree. During the ad shoot, Hari recognizes that Shailu is the girl that they had fallen in love in their childhood. They spend a good time together in Goa where Shailu tells them that the boy who lived near their house used to make their smile and today Hari is making their smile without knowing that it was Hari himself.
After they come back to Hyderabad, Hari takes Shailu to their houde and introduces them to their family members during which they learn that Hari was the boy who made them happy during their childhood by seeing the childhood photos of Hari in their home. They then gets a call from their mother to return to the village. Hari fails to contact Shailu for a few days. After few weeks Shailu arrives and Hari tells them about their feelings to which they reply that "Hari, I love you but I am not in love with you" which has totally confused Hari. Meanwhile, goons come to kidnap Shailu as their father refused to sell a part of their land. Hari thrashes them and asks Shailu about their problem. They leaf.
After a few days Hari joins a meditation centre to relieve the thoughts of Shailu. They then sees their sister Swecha with their boyfriend at a bar one night. At home when Hari complains about the relationship, it is revealed that their boyfriend is Ashok who is Shailu's brother. It is also revealed that Shailu's aunt had asked their hand for their son Amar's marriage from their father Srinivas Rao. Hari, now understood the situation meets Ashok and tells them that they have to know their family first in order to get them married. To Shailu's surprise, they meet their family as Ashok's friend. Ashok learns from a phone call from Maharishi that Hari has actually come for Shailu. They get well with the family members and then uses this opportunity to get the family members close to each other as they had no proper bonding in between due to some misunderstanding when Shailu was born. They make Shailu's grandfather reunited with their son Srinivas and realises Shailu of their mistake, which was that their father is not a good father. Things go as per plan until Maharishi arrives to attend the wedding thinking that Shailu and Hari are getting married. They were about to spoil everything when Hari saves everything in time. Shailu then asks Hari to leave the place as soon as possible as it would cause no benefit to him. Two days prior to the marriage, Shailu hugs Hari as they think they would lose them forever which is seen by the housemaid. They then tells Shailu's mother that they think Shailu is not happy with the marriage, upon asking Shailu to which they agree. The next day while their mother shares this experience to the family, Srinivas Rao gets a call that Shailu has been kidnapped. They order Hari to get them back to which they succeed. Now Maharshi tells everything to the family members about their love story upon which Hari and Maharishi are thrown out of the house by Amar.
Shailu then tells their father that they loved Hari and no one can understand them better than him. On the marriage day, Srinivas takes Shailu to the railway station where they meet Hari and tells them that they love him. Hari reveals that they would not let the marriage happen at any cost, so they had waited. Meanwhile, Srinivas Rao gets a call from their sister that Amar is missing, who is actually kidnapped by Maharishi as retribution for humiliating them in Srinivas Rao's house. Thus Hari and Shailu are reunited.
Shailu eventually marries Hari and they have a baby daughter. The film ends with Sailu visiting their father at their hometown.
Cast
Ram Pothineni as Hari
Keerthy Suresh as Sailaja a.k.a. Sailu
Sathyaraj as Srinivasa Rao, Sailaja's father
Prince Cecil as Ashok, Sailaja's brother
Sreemukhi as Swecha, Hari's twin sister
Pradeep Rawat as Maharshi
Rohini as Sailaja's mother
Dhanya Balakrishna as Keerthi
Himaja as Suchithra, maid
Vijayakumar as Sailaja's grandfather
Naresh as Hari's father
Sudigali Sudheer as Hari's friend
Vamsi Krishna as Babji, the villain
Chaitanya Krishna as Vijaya Krishna, Rajasree's son
Rajasree Nair as Sailaja's aunt
Krishna Bhagavaan as Srinivasa's friend
Pragathi as Hari's mother
Baby Yodha as Puja
Tanya Hope special appearance in the song "Night is Still Young"
Chitra Shukla as guest appearance in the song "Crazy Feeling"
Music
Music was composed by Devi Sri Prasad and released by Aditya Music.
Reception
Critical reception
Pranita Jonnakagedda of The Times of India rated the film 3 stars out of five and wrote "Nenu.. Sailaja… doesn't really offer anything new. But it comes across as a culmination of some very well shot sequences, commendable performances and real world simplicity." While praising Ram for their performance, they added that "the credit would majorly go to director Kishore Tirumala who not only visualized them in this character but also managed to draw the best from him."
The Hindu's Sangeetha Devi wrote that "though the film isn't telling us a radically new story, we give in and soak in the milieu created by Kishore." Devi also stated that "the plot focuses so much on the complex father-daughter bond that one never gets an idea of how the son responded to the father." Madhavi Tata writing for the Outlook stated that the film is a "combo of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge and Dil Chahta Hai."
Box office
The film collected ₹40.1 crore worldwide. This film was a commercial success.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2016 films
2016 romantic comedy-drama films
Indian romantic comedy-drama films
2010s Telugu-language films
2016 directorial debut films
Films directed by Kishore Tirumala
Films scored by Devi Sri Prasad
Films set in Visakhapatnam
Films shot in Visakhapatnam
Films set in Andhra Pradesh
Films shot in Andhra Pradesh
Apeltes quadracus, the fourspine stickleback or bloody stickleback is a species of stickleback belonging to the order Gasterosteiformes which lives in freshwater, brackish and benthopelagic environments of the northwestern Atlantic Ocean between Newfoundland and South Carolina.
Appearance
The fourspine stickleback is the smallest member of the family Gasterosteidae. It generally has either four or five dorsal spines but may have as many as seven. It has an elongated fusiform body that is spotted brown to olive green except for the underside. Its belly is silvery white. Males tend to be darker than females and develop red pelvic spines. The first three dorsal spines are close together and stick out at acute angles, each with their own triangular membrane. The fourth spine is straight and associated with the dorsal fin. Its lateral line ends blow the origin of the second dorsal fin. Its pelvic fins sit almost right below the pectoral fins in the thoracic region. The species does not have scales. They can grow 5 to 6 centimeters in length, but they usually grow to be about 4 centimeters.
Occurrence
The species is found from Newfoundland and Quebec southward to North Carolina, living close to the freshwater shores in well-vegetated areas. It has been introduced to a few freshwater bodies in Pennsylvania, Alabama, New Jersey, and in Lake Superior.
Ecology
Fourspine sticklebacks are largely solitary, spending most of their time near the bottom of lakes. Their diet consists of microscopic invertebrates and plankton. Fourspine stickleback generally breed at one year of age, though some individuals may survive to breed at age two. Their breeding season lasts from April until late July, often breeding at the same time and location as three other stickleback species (threespine, ninespine, and blackspotted stickleback). Males establish territories and construct nests out of vegetation either on the bottom or on underwater structures, and may construct as many as five nests stacked in a tiered effect. Once they have attracted a female and fertilized their eggs, the male will watch over the nest until the eggs hatch. Females may produce several clutches of eggs per year.
References
External links
GMA - Apeltes quadracus
NAS - Apeltes quadracus
Fishbase.org - Apeltes quadracus
Gasterosteidae
Monotypic fish genera
Fish of North America
Fish of the Great Lakes
Tatchun was an electoral district which returned an MLA to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada. It was created in 1978 out of the ridings of Klondike and Pelly River. It was abolished in 1992 when it was amalgamated with the riding of Mayo to form the riding of Mayo-Tatchun.
The district included the communities of Carmacks, Pelly Crossing, and Little Salmon. It was situated on the historical territory of the Selkirk First Nation, the First Nation of Na-Cho Nyäk Dun, the Little Salmon/Carmacks First Nation, and the Ross River Dena Council of the Kaska Dena. At creation, the population of the electorate was 325 voters and by abolition it was 418 voters.
When partisan politics was introduced to the Yukon in the 1978 election, Tatchun was one of the initial electoral districts established. At the time, it was one of the Yukon's nine rural ridings. It was bordered by the ridings of Mayo, Klondike, Faro, Kluane, Hootalinqua, and Campbell.
Tatchun is also the former seat of Roger Coles, leader of the Yukon Liberal Party from 1984 to 1986. They later resigned both their seat and their position as leader after being sentenced to prison time for cocaine trafficking.
MLAs
Electoral results
1989 general election
|-
| NDP
| Danny Joe
| align="right"| 165
| align="right"| 47.8%
| align="right"| +6.6%
|-
|-
| Liberal
| Luke Lacasse
| align="right"| 71
| align="right"| 20.6%
| align="right"| -10.3%
|-
! align left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 345
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
|}
By-Election: 1987
|-
| NDP
| Danny Joe
| align="right"| 149
| align="right"| 41.2%
| align="right"| +7.1%
|-
| Liberal
| Elijah Smith
| align="right"| 112
| align="right"| 30.9%
| align="right"| -10.5%
|-
|-
| Independent
| Ray A. Jackson
| align="right"| 8
| align="right"| 2.2%
| align="right"| +2.2%
|-
! align left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 362
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
|}
On the resignation of Roger Coles.
1985 general election
|-
| Liberal
| Roger Coles
| align="right"| 159
| align="right"| 41.4%
| align="right"| +8.6%
|-
| NDP
| Victor Mitander
| align="right"| 131
| align="right"| 34.1%
| align="right"| +1.9%
|-
|-
! align left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 384
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
|}
1982 general election
|-
|-
| Liberal
| Roger Coles
| align="right"| 103
| align="right"| 32.8%
| align="right"| -5.9%
|-
| NDP
| Bill Larson
| align="right"| 101
| align="right"| 32.2%
| align="right"| +0.8%
|-
! align left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 314
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
|}
1978 general election
|-
|-
| NDP
| Jerry Roberts
| align="right"| 83
| align="right"| 31.4%
| align="right"| –
|-
| Liberal
| Hugh Netzel
| align="right"| 71
| align="right"| 26.9%
| align="right"| –
|-
! align left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 264
! align=right| 100.0%
! align=right| –
|}
References
Former Yukon territorial electoral districts
General elections were held in November and December 1908 for all 288 seats of the Chamber of Deputies of the Ottoman Empire, following the Young Turk Revolution which established the Second Constitutional Era. They were the first elections contested by organised political parties.
Background
The Young Turk Revolution in July resulted in the restoration of the 1876 constitution, ushering in the Second Constitutional Era, and the reconvening of the 1878 parliament, bringing back many of the surviving members of that parliament; the restored parliament's single legislation was a decree to formally dissolve itself and call for new elections.
The Committee of Union and Progress (CUP), the driving force behind the revolution, was in an advantageous position for the election. Because it was still a secret organization, the CUP did not organize itself into a party until well after the elections in its 1909 Congress at Selanik (Thessaloniki).
In the lead up to the election, Prince Sabahattin's established itself as the Liberty (Ahrar) Party. The Liberty Party was liberal in outlook, bearing a strong British imprint and was closer to the Palace. It hardly had time to organize itself for the election.
Electoral system
The elections were held in two stages. In the first stage, voters elected secondary electors (one for the first 750 voters in a constituency, then one for every additional 500 voters). In the second stage the secondary electors elected the members of the Chamber of Deputies. The CUP was successful in abolishing quotas for non-Muslim populations, by amending the electoral to instead stipulate one deputy to every 50,000 males.
Results
The Committee of Union and Progress, the main driving force behind the revolution, could count on the support of about 60 deputies, gaining the upper hand against the Liberty Party. Many independents were elected to the parliament, mostly from the Arab provinces. The new parliament consisted of 147 Turks, 60 Arabs, 27 Albanians, 26 Greeks, 14 Armenians, 10 Slavs, and four Jews.
Aftermath
Following the electoral victory, the CUP transformed itself from a clandestine organization to a political party. Before that would happen though, Abdulhamid II would attempt to regain their autocracy in what would be known as the 31 March Incident.
See also
3rd Chamber of Deputies of the Ottoman Empire
References
Ottoman
Ottoman
Elections in the Ottoman Empire
Legislative election
Parmelia is a genus of medium to large foliose lichens. It has a global distribution, extending from the Arctic to the Antarctic continent but concentrated in temperate regions. There are about 40 species in Parmelia. In recent decades, the once large genus Parmelia has been divided into a number of smaller genera according to thallus morphology and phylogenetic relatedness.
It is a foliaceous lichen, resembling a leaf in shape. The ends of the leaf-like lobes are often squarish-tipped. The upper surface is pale bluish-gray to light brown in direct sunlight, with a network web-like ridges and depressions. The lower surface is black and has rhizines anchoring it to the substrate. In general, Parmelia has a dark lower side with rhizines ('rootlets') that attach the lichen to its substrate. The upper side may be several colours - grey, yellow, brown - and may have reproductive organs on it. These may be apothecia (ascospore-producing bodies), isidia or soralia (both vegetative structures). In between these two layers is the medulla, which contains the algal component of the lichen.
Taxonomy
Parmelia was circumscribed by Swedish lichenologist Erik Acharius in 1803. Their idea of the genus, which included foliose species with lecanorine apothecia, was quite broad and included species that are now dispersed in many different genera and families, such as the Peltigeraceae (Lobaria), the Pannariaceae (Pannaria, Parmeliella), the Physciaceae (Physcia, Heterodermia, Physconia), the Teloschistaceae (Xanthoria), as well as the Parmeliaceae (Cetraria, Hypogymnia, and Parmeliopsis). Its broad circumscription meant that almost every lichen with a thalline apothecial rim was included by 19th-century authors.
In an attempt to create more homogeneous groups of taxa, lichenologists created new segregate genera for species once in Parmelia. These included Menegazzia (1854), Parmotrema (1860), Anzia (1861), Parmeliopsis (1869), Hypogymnia (1896), Pseudevernia (1903), Pannoparmelia (1912), and Pseudoparmelia (1914). In the 1970s and 1980s, electron microscopy was used to help divide several Parmelia species groups into different genera based on the structure of their cortex. These include Arctoparmelia, Bulbothrix, Canoparmelia, Cetrariastrum, Concamerella, Everniastrum, Flavoparmelia, Hypotrachyna, Neofuscelia, Paraparmelia, Parmelina, Parmotrema, Pseudoparmelia, Relicina, Relicinopsis, Xanthomaculina, and Xanthoparmelia. Another group of species was segregated on the basis of the presence of pseudocyphellae: Punctelia, Flavopunctelia, and Melanelia. In Mason Hale's 1987 monograph on Parmelia, they commented: "The group has been further subdivided ... now leaving in Parmelia a small, apparently irreducible assemblage of species typified by P. saxatilis". In 2016, however, sixteen mostly Australasian species were moved to the new genus Notoparmelia; these species had been shown by molecular phylogenetic analysis to form a monophyletic lineage in Parmelia.
Fossil record
There are two foliose fossil taxa, Parmelia ambra and P. isidiiveteris, that have been placed provisionally in genus Parmelia due to their overall resemblance to members of this genus. Later authors have suggested, however, that this generic placement is not appropriate for the current concept of Parmelia, and that because of the dearth of specimens available for analysis, it is impossible to know for certain which of the many foliose genera in the family Parmeliaceae is best suited for these fossils.
Description
Parmelia species have a foliose (leafy) thallus with a substrate attachment ranging from loose to tight. The lobes comprising the thallus are rounded, more or less straight, and may be contiguous or overlapping (imbricate). The texture of the upper thallus ranges from smooth to foveolate (covered with puts and depressions). The colour is typically green to whitish grey to greyish brown, and some species have a coating of pruina on the surface. Most species have pseudocyphellae (tiny pores that allow for gas exchange), and vegetative propagules such as isidia or soredia, or both. The lower surface of the thallus is black (or close to it), and has rhizines (either simple or branched) that function as holdfasts to attach it to its substrate. The cortex (botany) is paraplectenchymatous – a cell arrangement where the hyphae are oriented in all directions.
The ascomata of Parmelia species are in the form of apothecia, which have a zeorine structure (an apothecium in which a proper exciple is enclosed in the thalline exciple) and are laminal (superficial on the surface) to somewhat stipitate. The exposed upper surface of the hymenium, the disc, is brown, rarely blackish. The asci are eight-spored, while the spores are colorless, ellipsoid, and measure 10–18 by 5–13 μm. The conidiomata are in the form of pycnidia; these black spots are laminal and immersed in the thallus surface. They produce dumbbell-shaped conidia with dimensions of 5.5–8 μm. The photobiont partners of Parmelia are green algae from the genera Asterochloris or Trebouxia.
Ecology
Parmelia lichens are food for the caterpillars of certain Lepidoptera, such as the bagworm moth Taleporia tubulosa.
Conservation
Two species of Parmelia have been assessed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature for the global IUCN Red List. Both Parmelia saxatilis and P. sulcata are considered species of the least concern due to their widespread distribution, abundance, and stable populations.
Distribution
Eleven Parmelia species were recorded for Europe in 2008. Nine occur in the Nordic lichen flora, of which P. saxatilis and P. sulcata are most common and widespread.
Species
Parmelia adaugescens
† Parmelia ambra – extinct; fossilized in Dominican amber
Parmelia asiatica – China
Parmelia barrenoae – Europe
Parmelia cochleata
Parmelia discordans – Europe
Parmelia encryptata
Parmelia ernstiae – Europe
Parmelia fertilis
Parmelia fraudans
Parmelia hygrophila – North America
Parmelia hygrophiloides – India
Parmelia imbricaria
† Parmelia isidiiveteris – extinct; fossilized in Dominican amber
Parmelia lambii – Antarctica
Parmelia marmariza
Parmelia mayi – northeastern North America
Parmelia meiophora
Parmelia neocaledonica
Parmelia neodiscordans
Parmelia niitakana
Parmelia omphalodes – Europe
Parmelia pinnatifida – Europe
Parmelia protosignifera – Australia
Parmelia pseudoshinanoana
Parmelia rojoi – Europe
Parmelia saxatilis – Europe
Parmelia sectilis
Parmelia serrana – Europe
Parmelia shinanoana
Parmelia skultii – Europe
Parmelia squarrosa – Europe
Parmelia submontana – Europe
Parmelia submutata
Parmelia sulcata – Europe
Parmelia sulymae
References
Cited literature
Lichen genera
Taxa named by Erik Acharius
Lecanorales genera
Taxa described in 1803
A transnational corporation is an enterprise that is involved with the international production of goods or services, foreign investments, or income and asset management in more than one country. It sets up factories in developing countries as land and labor are cheaper there.
Characteristics
Transnational corporations share many qualities with multinational corporations, with the subtle difference being that multinational corporations consist of a centralized management structure, whereas transnational corporations generally are decentralized, with many bases in various countries where the corporation operates. While traditional multinational corporations are national companies with foreign subsidiaries, transnational corporations spread out their operations in many countries to sustain high levels of local responsiveness.
A transnational corporation operates substantial facilities, does business in more than one country, and does not consider any particular country its corporate home. One of the significant advantages of a transnational company is that they are able to maintain a greater degree of responsiveness to the local markets where they maintain facilities.
Transnationality also refers to the extent to which a firm engages in value-creating activities across national borders. Faced with accelerated globalization, managers often make decisions to expand a firm's transnationality in order to enable the firm to effectively compete with rivals on a global scale (e.g. Nestlé, Deutsche Post, Toyota, etc.), who employ senior executives from many countries and tries to make decisions from a global perspective rather than from one centralized headquarters. Actions taken with transnational cooperation can help create better relationships between nations. Resources that are found in nations often need to be spread out throughout the world and thus transnationality helps this process.
The history of transnational corporations dates back to Western Europe in the 16th century. During this time firms like the British East India Company were founded.
See also
Randolph Bourne
References
Political terminology
Transnationalism
The 1966 Mongolian National Championship was the third recorded edition of the Mongolian National Championship for football, with the first tournament taking place in 1955 and no tournament held the previous year. It would appear however that championships were contested between 1956 and 1963, as sources note that a team called Aldar won the title on numerous occasions during that time. Nonetheless, the 1966 national championship was won by Khudulmur (literally: Labour or Workers and also romanised as Hödölmör), their second title following victory in the 1964 championship.
References
Mongolia Premier League seasons
Mongolia
Mongolia
football
Alcidodes richteri is a species of the true weevil family.
References
Zipcodezoo Species Identifier
Catalogue of life
Encyclopedia of Life
Alcidinae
Beetles described in 1892
The Austrian Landesliga is the fourth tier of professional football in Austria. It is divided into nine conferences — one for each Austrian state:
Burgenland: Landesliga Burgenland
Lower Austria: 1. Niederösterreichische Landesliga
Vienna: Wiener Stadtliga
The champions of each conference are promoted to the Regional League East.
Carinthia and East Tyrol: Kärntner Liga
Upper Austria: OÖ Liga
Styria: Landesliga Steiermark
The champions of each conference are promoted to the Regional League Central.
Salzburg: Salzburger Liga
Tyrol (without East Tyrol): Tiroler Liga
Vorarlberg: Vorarlbergliga
The champions of each conference are promoted to the Regional League West.
External links
Landesliga Lower Austria
Landesliga Vienna
The Austrian Landesliga on soccerway.com
The Austrian Landesligas on Weltfussball.de
4
Fourth level football leagues in Europe
Miguel Ángel Carbonell (born in Resistencia (Chaco), Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs of Argentina and Chile.
Teams
San Telmo 1993-1994
Arturo Fernández Vial 1994
Ñublense 1995
San Telmo 1995-1997
Cobreloa 1997
San Telmo 1998-2005
References
Profile at BDFA
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
San Telmo footballers
C.D. Arturo Fernández Vial footballers
Ñublense footballers
Cobreloa footballers
Primera B de Chile players
Chilean Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Association footballers not categorized by position
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sportspeople from Chaco Province
People from Resistencia, Chaco
Herrings Green is a hamlet located at the south of the Eastcotts parish on the outskirts of Bedford.
The settlement is close to Cotton End and Wilstead. It is a tiny group of just 3 cottages and some farms on the Wilstead Road. Herrings Green forms part of the Eastcotts civil parish.
Hamlets in Bedfordshire
Borough of Bedford
The Purdue Spatial Visualization Test-Visualization of Rotations (PSVT:R) is a test of spatial visualization ability published by Roland B. Guay in 1977. Many modifications of the test exist.
The test consists of thirty questions of increasing difficulty, the standard time limit is 20 minutes.
Like most measures of spatial ability, the PSVT:R shows sex differences. A meta-analysis of 40 studies found a Hedges's g of 0.57 in favor of males.
References
Intelligence tests
Pandaung Township () is a township in Pyay District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Pandaung.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Pyay District
Sciennes (pronounced , ) is a district of Edinburgh, Scotland, situated approximately south of the city centre. It is a mainly residential district, although it is also well-known as the site of the former Royal Hospital for Sick Children. Most of its housing stock consists of terraces of four-storey Victorian tenements. The district is popular with students, thanks to its proximity to the University of Edinburgh. Its early history is linked to the presence in the area of the 16th-century Convent of St Catherine of Scienna, from which the district derives its name.
Location
Sciennes is located approximately south of Princes Street in Edinburgh's city centre, and immediately south of The Meadows. The district is not an administrative unit or electoral ward and therefore has no formal boundaries, but it is generally considered to be the area that lies between Melville Drive to the north, Argyle Place to the west, Sciennes Road to the south, and Causewayside to the east, with an extension to the south east which takes in Sciennes Hill Place and Sciennes Gardens.
Sciennes shares a community council with Marchmont and lies partly within the Marchmont, Meadows and Bruntsfield Conservation Area.
Sciennes is also the name of a road which runs north to south in the eastern part of the district.
History
The recorded history of Sciennes starts in the early 16th century, with the establishment of two religious houses. In 1512, Sir John Crawfurd, canon of St Giles, erected a chapel dedicated to St John the Baptist and St John the Evangelist on land that had been part of the ancient Burgh Muir, this being common ground that was given to Edinburgh by David I in the first half of the 12th century.
The name is a corruption of Sienna in Italy, and comes from the Dominican Convent of St Catherine of Scienna. This was founded by a group of women, led by Lady Janet Seton, whose husbands and other relatives had been killed at the Battle of Flodden in 1513. The convent, which was completed in 1518, was built on land acquired from Sir John Crawfurd, and incorporated their chapel. It stood on the south side of the present Sciennes Road, roughly where St Catherine's Place now stands. It was the only Dominican Nunnery in Scotland. In 1567, the convent was destroyed and the community dispersed as a result of the Reformation.
A plaque on the wall of No 16 St Catherine's Place marks the site of the convent.
Up until the early 19th century, much of the area of present-day Sciennes was occupied by just a few mansions and large villas, each set in its own grounds. By the end of the century, these had largely been replaced by terraces of Victorian tenements. In contrast to neighbouring Marchmont, where the tenements had been developed according to an overall design, those in Sciennes grew up in a more piecemeal fashion.
The area also included some industrial development, notably the extensive engineering works and foundry of Bertrams Ltd, an international manufacturer of paper-making machinery. The works stood on the corner of Sciennes Road and (the street named) Sciennes. They were demolished in 1985, the site now being occupied by residential flats.
Origins of street names
The Convent of St Catherine of Scienna gives its name to Sciennes itself and to several of its streets (such as Sciennes Road and Sciennes Gardens) as well as to St Catherine's Place. Other streets in the district, especially those that were developed in the 19th century, are named after notable figures of the day. These include Livingstone Place, for the explorer, David Livingstone; Gladstone Terrace, for William Ewart Gladstone, the Liberal Prime Minister; and Lord Russell Place, for Lord John Russell, a Whig and Liberal Prime Minister.
Notable buildings
Built around 1741, Sciennes Hill House was originally a substantial three-story town house set in a large garden. It was partly demolished in 1868, the remaining parts of the structure being incorporated into a terrace of Victorian tenements which now make up the north side of Sciennes House Place. The north elevation was the original front of the house. This still contains some of the original architectural features but these are not visible from the street. The street frontage was originally the back of the house. The interior of the building was sympathetically restored in 1988. In the winter of 1786–87, the house was the location of the only recorded meeting of Robert Burns and Walter Scott, at a literary dinner hosted by the philosopher Professor Adam Ferguson. A bronze plaque on the outside of the building commemorates the event.
Sciennes House Place is also the location of the Old Jewish Burial Ground, the first Jewish cemetery in Scotland. It was opened in 1816 by the Edinburgh Hebrew Congregation and closed to burials in 1870. Some of the memorials, inscribed in Hebrew, show up to four generations of some families buried here.
Also in Sciennes House Place is the Old Braid Fire Station, a Category C listed building which was designed in 1885 by Robert Morham, the City Architect. This was one of four fire stations established in the 1820s by Edinburgh's first firemaster James Braidwood. It is now an architect's office.
Robert Morham also designed, in 1884, the former 'A' Division Police Station on the corner of Causewayside. This is a four-storey building in the Scottish Baronial style. It closed in the early 1980s and has since been converted to flats. The building stands opposite the shop of the antique dealer and police historian T W Archibald who wrote a history of the Lothians and Borders Police.
The former Royal Hospital for Sick Children (commonly referred to as the Sick Kids) is an imposing neo-Jacobean building, designed by George Washington Browne. It operated at its site in Sciennes Road from 1895 to 2021. It is a listed building with murals by Phoebe Anna Traquair in its mortuary chapel. In 2017, the hospital was due to move to Petty France, but this was delayed because of technical and financial problems. In February 2019, planning permission was given to the Downing Group to convert the main hospital building to 126 residential units and to replace other buildings on the site with student flats. The hospital finally closed on 23 March 2021 when its facilities moved to the new Royal Hospital for Children and Young People at Little France. The Downing Group started work on the redevelopment of the site in June 2021.
Sciennes Primary School stands next to the former hospital. It was designed in 1889 by Robert Wilson, the architect for the Edinburgh Board of Education, and opened in 1892.
Notable residents
Duncan Napier (1831–1921), botanist and herbalist, lived at 8 Gladstone Terrace and later at 5 Sciennes Gardens (at the time, the house was known as Ruby Villa).
Arthur Conan Doyle (1859–1930), novelist and short-story writer, noted for their Sherlock Holmes stories, lived briefly with their family in an overcrowded tenement at 3 Sciennes Place when they were eight years old.
David Daiches (1912–2005), literary historian and critic, and their brother Lionel Daiches (1911 – 1999), Scottish QC and Liberal Party politician, grew up in Millerfield Place.
Charles J. Smith (1920–2000), author of several books on the history of Edinburgh, lived briefly in Livingstone Place as a child.
Sheila Gilmour (1949-) Scottish Labour MP for Edinburgh East
References
External links
Bartholomew's Chronological map of Edinburgh (1919)
Areas of Edinburgh
Takumi Arena is an arena in Odate, Japan, neighboring Odate Jukai Dome. It opened in 2005 and holds 2,100 people. Takumi Electric Industry acquired its naming rights in 2017.
Facilities
Main arena - 2,394m2 (38m×63m)
Sub arena - 660m2 (33m×20m)
Training room
Running course
Attendance records
The record for a basketball game is 3,006, set on May 17, 2019, when the Alvark Tokyo defeated the Happinets 97–77.
Access
From Odate Station : Shishigamori Kanjosen of Shuhoku Bus . Get off at Jukai Dome-mae. Shuhoku Bus for Kosaka. Get off at Jukai Dome Iriguchi.
External links
References
Akita Northern Happinets
Sports venues in Akita Prefecture
Indoor arenas in Japan
Basketball venues in Japan
Buildings and structures completed in 2005
Sports venues completed in 2005
Volleyball venues in Japan
Félix del Blanco Prieto (15 June 1937 – 10 April 2021) was a Spanish prelate of the Catholic Church who spent their career in the diplomatic service of the Holy See, including stints heading the missions in countries such as Angola and Malta among other countries. They were then appointed Almoner of the office of Papal Charities in 2007 and retired from the same position in 2012.
Biography
Félix del Blanco Prieto was born in Mogrovejo, Castilla y León, Spain, on 15 June 1937. They were ordained a priest on 27 May 1961.
They served as secretary to Secretary of State Cardinal Agostino Casaroli.
On 31 May 1991, Pope John Paul II named them a titular archbishop, Apostolic Pro-Nuncio to São Tomé and Príncipe, and Apostolic Delegate to Angola. They received their episcopal consecration from Cardinal Agostino Casaroli on 6 July 1991.
On 5 May 1996, Pope John Paul appointed them Apostolic Nuncio to Cameroon, adding the title Apostolic Nuncio to Equatorial Guinea on 28 June.
On 5 June 2003, Pope John Paul named them Apostolic Nuncio to Malta and added the title Apostolic Nuncio to Libya on 24 June.
On 28 July 2007, Pope Benedict XVI named them Papal Almoner.
Pope Benedict accepted their resignation on 3 November 2012.
They died on 10 April 2021 at the age of 83.
See also
Apostolic Nunciature
Apostolic Nuncio
List of diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Félix del Blanco Prieto
1937 births
2021 deaths
Diplomats of the Holy See
Apostolic Nuncios to São Tomé and Príncipe
Apostolic Nuncios to Angola
Apostolic Nuncios to Cameroon
Apostolic Nuncios to Equatorial Guinea
Apostolic Nuncios to Malta
Apostolic Nuncios to Libya
People from Cantabria
Alexander Bachmann (born 17 July 1994) is a German taekwondo athlete. They won the gold medal at the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships on the Men's middleweight category.
References
External links
German male taekwondo practitioners
Living people
1994 births
European Taekwondo Championships medalists
World Taekwondo Championships medalists
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic taekwondo practitioners of Germany
Plutonium occurs in a variety of allotropes, even at ambient pressure. These allotropes differ widely in crystal structure and density; the α and δ allotropes differ in density by more than 25% at constant pressure.
Overview
Plutonium normally has six allotropes and forms a seventh (zeta, ζ) under high temperature and a limited pressure range. These allotropes have very similar energy levels but significantly varying densities and crystal structures. This makes plutonium very sensitive to changes in temperature, pressure, or chemistry, and allows for dramatic volume changes following phase transitions. Unlike most materials, plutonium increases in density when it melts, by 2.5%, but the liquid metal exhibits a linear decrease in density with temperature. Densities of the different allotropes vary from 16.00 g/cm3 to 19.86 g/cm3.
Machining plutonium
The presence of these many allotropes makes machining plutonium very difficult, as it changes state very readily. For example, the α phase exists at room temperature in unalloyed plutonium. It has machining characteristics similar to cast iron but changes to the β phase (beta phase) at slightly higher temperatures. The reasons for the complicated phase diagram are not entirely understood; recent research has focused on constructing accurate computer models of the phase transitions. The α phase has a low-symmetry monoclinic structure, hence its poor conductivity, brittleness, strength and compressibility.
Stabilization
Plutonium in the δ phase (delta phase) normally exists in the 310 °C to 452 °C range but is stable at room temperature when alloyed with a small percentage of gallium, aluminium, or cerium, enhancing workability and allowing it to be welded in weapons applications. The delta phase has more typical metallic character, and is roughly as strong and malleable as aluminium. In fission weapons, the explosive shock waves used to compress a plutonium core will also cause a transition from the usual delta phase plutonium to the denser alpha phase, significantly helping to achieve supercriticality. The plutonium-gallium alloy is the most common δ-stabilized alloy.
Gallium, aluminium, americium, scandium and cerium can stabilize the δ phase of plutonium for room temperature. Silicon, indium, zinc and zirconium allow formation of metastable δ state when rapidly cooled. High amount of hafnium, holmium and thallium also allows retaining some of the δ phase at room temperature. Neptunium is the only element that can stabilize the α phase at higher temperatures. Titanium, hafnium and zirconium stabilize the β phase at room temperature when rapidly cooled.
References
Plutonium
Plutonium
In mathematics, Esenin-Volpin's theorem states that weight of an infinite compact dyadic space is the supremum of the weights of its points.
It was introduced by . It was generalized by and .
References
General topology
Theorems in topology
Koops is a Dutch patronymic surname derived from the given name Koop, a short form of Jacob. People with the surname Koops include:
Evert Koops (1885–1938), Dutch track and field athlete
Matthias Koops (fl. 1789–1805), Pomeranian-born British paper-maker
Roelof Koops (1909–2008), Dutch speed skater
Steven Koops (born 1978), Australian rules footballer
Koops is also a shy Koopa Troopa character in the video game Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door.
See also
Koop (disambiguation)
Dutch-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Nestor Kombot-Naguemon (November 14, 1934 – October 26, 2004) was a politician and diplomat of the Central African Republic. They served as minister of foreign affairs in 1969–70. In 1991, they founded the Liberal Democratic Party (PLD).
1934 births
2004 deaths
People from Yaoundé
Foreign ministers of the Central African Republic
Government ministers of the Central African Republic
Ambassadors of the Central African Republic to West Germany
Politicians who committed suicide
Ambassadors of the Central African Republic to France
Magia may be an insect genus or the name of the Roman gens Magia.
Magia may also refer to:
Music
Magia (Álvaro Soler album), 2021
"Magia" (Álvaro Soler song), a song from the album
Magia (Jerry Rivera album), 1995
"Magia", a song from the album
Magia (Shakira album)
"Magia", a song from the album
Magia (Maluma album)
"Magia", a song from the album
Magia (Toque Profundo album), 2002
"Magia" (Kalafina song)
"Magia", a song from Grachi
"Magia", a song by OV7, cover of the Starship song "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now"
"Magia", a song by Rosana
Other
Magia, wife of the notorious Roman poisoner Oppianicus, who married them in order to gain their family's fortune
Mágia, a 1917 Hungarian drama film
See also
Magic (disambiguation)
The 1967 Vermont Catamounts football team was an American football team that represented the University of Vermont in the Yankee Conference during the 1967 NCAA College Division football season. In their sixth year under head coach Bob Clifford, the team compiled a 3–5–1 record.
Schedule
References
Vermont
Vermont Catamounts football seasons
Vermont Catamounts football
Epidendrum flexuosum, a reed-stemmed Epidendrum common at mid-altitudes in Central America, is a species of orchid commonly called Epidendrum imatophyllum. It grows exposed to intense sunlight in the forest canopy, particularly on Guava species. E. flexuosum bears non-resupinate lavender flowers on a congested raceme at the end of a long peduncle.
In the wild, Epidendrum flexuosum grows naturally together with a nest of ants, and sometimes bees, wasps, or hornets, which protect it from predators. This species is very difficult to grow without the ants, a phenomenon found in other genera such as Caularthron, Coryanthes, and Sievekingia.
Description
Epidendrum flexuosum has been placed in the subgenus E. subg. Amphiglottium and shares the characteristics of that subgenus: it exhibits a sympodial growth habit with slender, unswollen stems covered by close distichous sheathes which are foliaceous on the upper sections of the stem; the inflorescence is terminal and covered from its base by distichous sheathes; and the lip is adnate to the column to its apex. The ligulate leaves have a small notch in the obtuse end. The stem, including the peduncle, is flattened. As is typical of the section E. sect. Schistochila, the inflorescence is a raceme, and the lip is lacerated. The lilac flowers are non-resupinate. The dorsal sepal is lanceolate and recurved, the lateral sepals are falcate, and the petals are rhombic with lightly fringed to irregular margins. As is typical of the subsection E. subsect. Carinata, the lip is trilobate and has a keel, or carina, running down the center. In the case of E. flexuosum the lip is almost oval-shaped: Dodson & Bennett 1989 use the phrase "lip obscurely 3-lobed." The column is slightly s-shaped.
The chromosome number of an individual collected in Mamirauá, Brazil has been determined as 2n = 28
Synonymy
List of synonyms:
E. buenavistae Kraenzl. (1908)
E. imantophyllum Lindl. (1831)
E. imatophyllum Hooker ex. Lindl (1831)
E. imetrophyllum Paxton (1837)
E. lorifolium Schltr. (1922)
E. palpigerum Rchb.f. (1879)
References
External links
Images in the wild (as E. imatophyllum): https://web.archive.org/web/20080308035848/http://www.abundaflora.com/epi_imat.htm
flexuosum
Plants described in 1818
Orchids of Central America
Orchids of Belize
The Sarsılmaz Kılınç 2000 is a semi-automatic pistol chambered for the 9×19mm Parabellum round. It is manufactured at the Sarsılmaz Silah Sanayi factory in Turkey. It was previously sold in the U.S. by the ArmaLite corporation under the ArmaLite name as the AR-24.
It is now self-imported by SAR USA as the SAR2000 with an updated thick rubber tactical grip and black phosphate finish.
Design
The weapon is similar to the Tanfoglio variant of the Czech CZ-75, with design elements borrowed from the SIG P210, though few of its parts are interchangeable with the Tanfoglio weapon from whose machining dies and blueprints it was derived. It has a hot forged steel frame mated to a heavy milled slide treated with manganese phosphate, and coated in heat-cured epoxy.
Variants
The AR-24/15 Standard model has a parkerized finish and fixed dovetailed rear sights and a proprietary front sight with three white paint dots.
The AR-24/15C Tactical Custom Model has checkering machined on the front and back grip straps and its rear notch sight is adjustable for windage.
The AR-24K/13 Compact and AR-24K/13C Compact Tactical Custom are like the full-sized variants, differing only in their shorter barrels, grips, and amount of ammunition carried.
References
External links
Official page from Sarsilmaz
9mm Parabellum semi-automatic pistols
Semi-automatic pistols of Turkey
The York Conservation Trust is a trust that buys and restores significant historical buildings in York, England, and then makes them available to rent.
It was originally an initiative of former Lord Mayor John Bowes Morrell, who started acquiring old buildings when they bought Sir Thomas Herbert's House on Pavement in 1943. Together with their brother, Cuthbert, Morrell set up the Ings Property Company, a not-for-profit exercise in practical conservation. In 1976 this company was given charitable status and evolved into York Conservation Trust.
The Trust owns properties throughout York in streets such as Walmgate, Micklegate, Low Ousegate, Goodramgate, Gillygate and Stonegate. Among its portfolio are The Red House in Duncombe Place, the York Assembly Rooms in Blake Street and the De Grey Rooms next to York Theatre Royal and leased to them. The Trust also bought Fairfax House from York Civic Trust and rents it back to them. Recent acquisitions include Bowes Morrell House, Walmgate, and 56 Bootham, better known as York Register Office. The Trust was unable to acquire Morrell's Victorian mansion, Burton Croft, before its demolition by developers.
York Conservation Trust has published for sale a book York Conservation Trust - Historical Properties Walking Guide. This lists the properties it owns, gives historical and descriptive information and encourages walking around York to view them.
All of the trustees are related to John Bowes Morrell; three of them are their grandsons, and six their great grandchildren.
References
External links
York Conservation Trust website
Organisations based in York
The El Ayyat train disaster happened at 02:00 on the morning of 20 February 2002 in an eleven-carriage passenger train travelling from Cairo to Luxor. A cooking gas cylinder exploded in the fifth carriage, creating a fire which destroyed seven third-class carriages. The initial number of dead given by officials at the time was 383, all Egyptians. However, considering that seven carriages were burnt to the ground, and each carriage was packed with at least double the maximum carrying capacity of 150, this number may be greatly underestimated. The dubious nature of the given death toll lies with the absence of a full passenger list; accounting for those missing was almost impossible at the time. In addition, the fire was so intense and the carriages so badly burned that many corpses had been reduced to ash. As there was no means of communication between the driver and the rear carriages, the driver did not immediately know of the fire, resulting in many people attempting to flee from the overcrowded carriages, jumping to their death. Some important Egyptians have commented that the official number of 383 dead is grossly inaccurate and was an attempt to lessen the damage done to the reputation of the government.
See also
List of rail accidents in Egypt
Egyptian National Railways
External links
Horror on Egypt fire train (CNN.com)
2002 disasters in Africa
Railway accidents in 2002
Fires in Egypt
Train and subway fires
Railway accidents and incidents in Egypt
2002 in Egypt
2002 fires
February 2002 events in Africa
Giza Governorate
Dream.8: Welter Weight Grand Prix 2009 First Round was a mixed martial arts event promoted by Fighting and Entertainment Group's mixed martial arts promotion Dream on April 5, 2009. Unlike Dream's past tournaments, the Welter Weight Grand Prix is only scheduled to have eight participants. DREAM's welterweight division has a weight limit.
Results
See also
Dream (mixed martial arts)
List of Dream champions
2009 in DREAM
Notes
Nick Diaz was among the early rumored participants in Dream's Welterweight Grand Prix. However, their participation in April's Strikeforce event seems to have excluded them from Dream.8.
Seichi Ikemoto defeated Hidetaka Monma at Deep 40 to qualify for the Welterweight Grand Prix.
Yuya Shirai defeated Yoon Young Kim at clubDEEP Tokyo: Protect Cup Final to qualify for the Welterweight Grand Prix.
One of the first announced bouts was a Middleweight fight between Andrews Nakahara and Zelg Galešić. However, after being admitted to a hospital in Croatia two weeks before DREAM.8, Zelg Galesic was not cleared to fight, and was replaced with Shungo Oyama.
Another scrapped match was a Middleweight bout between debuting Murilo Rua and Dong Sik Yoon. Two days before DREAM.8 Dong Sik Yoon was pulled from the card due to an unknown injury. They were replaced a day before the event by Riki Fukuda. Fukuda couldn't make the Middleweight limit on such a short notice so the match was held at catchweight of 89kg.
References
Dream (mixed martial arts) events
2009 in mixed martial arts
Sport in Nagoya
Mixed martial arts in Japan
2009 in Japan
Richard Fried (born 8 March 1899, date of death unknown) was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1924.
References
External links
1899 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Clan Charteris is a Scottish clan of the Scottish Lowlands.
History
Origins of the Name
The claimed origin of the name Charteris is that it is from the city of Chartres in France.
Origins of the Clan
William, a son of the Lord Chartres, is said to have come over with the Norman conquest of England. William's son or grandson came to Scotland with the retinue of David I of Scotland. An early reference to the name is found in a charter of around 1174 to Kelso Abbey. In this charter the name appears written in Latin as de Carnoto.
A charter dated 1266 gives evidence of four generations of Charterises: Robert de Carnoto, a knight who is said to be the son of Thomas, who was the son of another Thomas, who was the son of Walther. In 1280 Sir Thomas de Charteris was appointed Lord Chancellor of Scotland by Alexander III of Scotland.
Wars of Scottish Independence
In 1296 Andrew de Charteris rendered homage to Edward I of England and appears on the Ragman Rolls. However, they soon took up the fight for Scottish independence. As a result, their estates were forfeited to John Balliol, who was the English-sponsored King of Scotland. Andrew's son, William Charteris, was a supporter of Robert the Bruce and was with Bruce when Comyn was killed at Dumfries in 1306. Sir Thomas Charteris was a faithful supporter of the Scottish Crown and was appointed ambassador to England. They were appointed as Lord High Chancellor of Scotland in 1342 by David II of Scotland and was killed at the Battle of Durham in 1346.
16th century and clan conflicts
In 1526 a feud arose with the Clan Kirkpatrick (Kilpatrick). It is recorded in Pitcairn's Criminal Trials of Scotland that John Charteris of Amisfield, along with their brother and two sons, were charged with the murder of Roger Kilpatrick, son of Alexander Kilpatrick in March 1526.
In 1530 a more notable dispute took place, when Sir Robert Charteris, the eight Laird, fought a duel with Sir James Douglas of Drumlanrig, which has been described as one of the last great chivalric contests. The king themselves watched the duel which was fought with such fury that Charteris's sword was broken and the king had to send their men to part the combatants.
Another branch of the clan were the Charterises of Kinfauns, who disputed the chiefship with their cousins of Dumfriesshire. The Charterises of Kinfauns are said to have received their lands as a reward for supporting Robert the Bruce against the English. However, they came into a feud with the Clan Ruthven who often disputed the authority of the Charterises. The Ruthvens held considerable sway over Perth from their Huntingtower Castle. In 1544 Patrick, Lord Ruthven was elected as Provost of Perth but at the intervention of Cardinal Beaton, Ruthven was deprived of the office and Charteris of Kinfauns was appointed instead. The city refused to acknowledge Charteris and barred the gates against him. Charteris along with Lord Gray and the Clan Leslie then attacked the town. However, they were repulsed by the Ruthvens, who were assisted by the Moncreiffs. As a result, Ruthven remained Provost of Perth until 1584, when William Ruthven, Earl of Gowrie was executed. John Charteris had been killed by the earl's heir on Edinburgh High Street in 1552.
17th century and civil war
Sir John Charteris of Amsfield was appointed one of the Commissioners of Parliament to confirm the Treaty of Ripon in 1641. John supported the National Covenant but did not rise against the king. As a result, they were imprisoned in Edinburgh in 1643 but was released in March 1645. They afterwards joined the forces of James Graham, 1st Marquis of Montrose and was with the royal forces when they were surprised at the Battle of Philiphaugh in September 1645. John's brother, Captain Alexander Charteris was one of Montrose's staff and was with them on their ill-fated campaign in Caithness in 1650. Alexander Charteris was captured with Montrose and was executed by the Maiden in Edinburgh on 21 June 1650. The family estates then passed through an heiress to Thomas Hogg, who later assumed the name of Charteris.
18th and 19th centuries
Colonel Francis Charteris who was the male representative of the family, bought lands near Haddington, which they renamed Amsfield to recall their ancestor's family seat in Nithsdale. They left an only daughter, Janet, who married the Earl of Wemyss. Their second son was Francis Wemyss who later assumed the name Charteris. The Charteris estates near Haddington have since been sold, although Gosford House is still the seat of the Earl of Wemyss and March, chief of the name and arms of Charteris.
Chief
Since 2008, the family's chief has been The Right Honourable James Donald Charteris, Earl of Wemyss and March, Viscount of Peebles, Lord Wemyss of Elcho, Lord Elcho and Methil, Lord Douglas of Neidpath, Lyne and Munard.
See also
Scottish clan
Earl of Wemyss
References
External links
http://www.electricscotland.com/webclans/atoc/charteris2.html
Charteris
Scottish Lowlands
Nanomonadea is a class of biciliate phagotrophic, non-photosynthetic free-living opalozoans, coontaining the sole order Uniciliatida. This monophyletic group previously known as clade MAST-3 is characterized by a single hairless posterior cilium and absence of an anterior cilium.
Phylogeny
The cladogram below shows the relationships between Nanomonadea and the rest of Opalozoans.
Taxonomy
The taxonomy of Nanomonadea is as follows:
Subphylum Opalozoa
Infraphylum Placidozoa
Superclass Wobblata (paraphyletic)
Class Nanomonadea
Order Uniciliatida
Family Solenicolidae – Solenicola
Family Incisomonadidae – Incisomonas
References
Placidozoa
The northern giant mouse lemur (Mirza zaza), or northern dwarf lemur, is a species of lemur discovered in 2005. They are part of the primate order, and classified in the family Cheirogaleidae. Previously, both populations of giant mouse lemurs were believed to belong to one species. The northern giant mouse lemurs are small nocturnal lemurs endemic to Madagascar. They weigh about , and have long, bushy tails and relatively small ears. Their large testicles are an indication of their promiscuous copulation system. These lemurs have been found to use communal sleeping nests including multiple males, which is an uncommon behaviour in lemurs.
Etymology
The word zaza means child in Malagasy. The name was chosen because the northern giant mouse lemur is the smaller of the two giant mouse lemur species, and because of a wish to emphasize the responsibility of the current generation of Malagasy children for the conservation of Malagasy animals for future generations.
Description
The northern giant mouse lemur is relatively small, with juveniles weighing 150 - 199 g, subadults 200 - 249 g, and fully grown adults 250 - 300 g. This species has large testes, among the largest relative testes to body size in the Primate order.
Distribution
The M. zaza are found in a strictly limited region in the north-western part of Madagascar, the Ampasindava peninsula. The habitat is split by two rivers, the Mahavavy River to the north and the Maevarano River to the south. In some areas it is further separated by the Sambirano River. This area in Madagascar has a dry and cool season from May to October, and a wet and hot season from November to April. The species can be found in a transition zone which goes to the Sambirano evergreen rainforest that extends to the north. Home ranges cover 0.52 - 2.34 ha. There is no substantial overlap in home ranges among individuals. An estimated 385 - 1,086 individuals per km2 are present throughout the region.
Behavior
The species has a polygynandrous mating system, likely based on the large size of the testes, which engenders strong sperm competition. Breeding is aseasonal.
The northern mouse lemur is nocturnal, feeding predominantly during the second half of the night. On average, individuals stay approximately 7 meters up in the canopy. During the day they sleep in group-exclusive tree holes. Nesting groups are 2 - 8 individuals in size, made up of both sexes and any age class, and include unrelated males.
Conservation
The species is classified as vulnerable by the IUCN primarily due to loss of habitat. The deciduous forests that they live in are being logged, fragmented, and degraded. The species is listed in CITES Appendix I.
References
Mammals described in 2005
Lemurs
Brimscombe and Thrupp () is a civil parish made up of the villages of Thrupp and Brimscombe, in the narrow Frome Valley slightly south-east of Stroud, Gloucestershire, England. The parish also includes the hamlets of Quarhouse and The Heavens. The population taken at the 2011 census was 1,830.
History
The mills
Although small-scale textile weaving and cloth manufacturing had been taking place for centuries it was with the construction of the Thames and Severn Canal and Brimscombe Port in 1789 that the two villages expanded rapidly, and many cloth and woollen mills were constructed. Many of these were later adapted for other purposes.
Bourne Mills at one time housed a company that produced walking sticks. Griffin Mill was founded in 1600 by the Griffin family for the making of cloth and was subsequently used for furniture making. Ham Mill produced textiles from 1601 to 2000, when the carpet manufacturer occupying the premises ceased trading. Phoenix Mill was the site of the old iron works (see Phoenix Iron Works below). Port Mills was at one time a grist mill before later becoming a textile mill (until the 1930s); then, in the late 1930s and 1940s, it housed a garden tractor company and an engineering works (see under Brimscombe Port below).
Phoenix Iron Works
Early records indicate that there was a cloth mill at Thrupp dating back as far as 1381. By 1770 the premises had expanded to include a house, four fulling mills and a gig mill.
The gig mill, which eventually became known as Thrupp Mill, was leased to Edward Ferrabee in 1793. By 1828 the entire premises were leased to the Ferrabees, and an iron works, the Phoenix Iron Works, had been established. The Ferrabees became well known for their production of cloth-making machines, steam engines, agricultural machinery and water wheels. It was here that John Lewis had invented a machine in 1815 to shear the surplus fibres or nap from the surface of cloth, using a horizontal blade.
In the 1820s Edwin Beard Budding, a machinist or "mechanician", was employed by Edward's son, John, at Thrupp. It was while Budding was working at Thrupp that Lewis' machine was developed to use rotary cutters, and Budding realised that this machine could be adapted for other purposes. Using gears, a revolving horizontal shaft and three blades they developed a machine to cut grass, which until then had been cut manually, using a scythe. This resulted in the world's first lawn mower being invented at Thrupp. It received its patent in 1830. Budding is also credited with the invention of the screw adjustable spanner.
Brimscombe Port
Brimscombe was an important local centre during the Industrial Revolution with its canal and rail links, with Brimscombe Port serving as the hub of the Thames and Severn Canal.
Brimscombe Port was originally built to transfer cargo from Severn trows, which travelled from the River Severn down the Stroudwater Navigation, to Thames barges which carried the goods eastwards towards London. This was necessary because the locks to the east of the port were too narrow to accommodate the larger sea-going trows. There were also several boat-building yards at the port, including Abdela & Mitchell, who exported boats, notably paddle steamers, all over the world.
Until the construction of what is now the A419 road along the bottom of the valley in 1815, Thrupp Lane was the main thoroughfare between Stroud and Chalford. The condition of this road was such that it required a whole day for a team of horses to draw a loaded waggon and return, a distance of only four miles each way. Later, the coming of the railway transformed the valley into a major route eastwards from Stroud (see Brimscombe railway station).
According to one source, the legendary riverboat Queen Of Africa, which gave a star performance in the John Huston movie The African Queen, was built at the Abdela & Mitchell Brimscombe works between 1908 and 1911. However, other sources state that the boat, which still exists in the USA, can be identified from the plate on their boiler as being built by Lytham Shipbuilding and Engineering Co. as Livingstone. Naturally many vessels built for export by various companies resembled each other. The distinguishing feature which differentiates African Queen from the Brimscombe boats is the use of a vertical boiler on a vessel larger than vessels built by Abdelas with such boilers. Abdela preferred to use horizontal boilers for vessels of this size.
Many of the Abdela & Mitchell river-boats went to the Nile, the Niger and other African rivers, and especially to the Peruvian Amazon and other Amazonian tributaries. The Abdela river-boats were highly regarded for their elegance, shallow draft (often less than 40 cm), and flexibility, viz the Adis Ababa for Lt-Col John Harrington's White Nile/Ethiopia expedition of 1903 – "boiler arranged to burn oil, coal or wood". The Shipyards announced themselves as "Contractors To The Admiralty, War Office, India Office And Allied Governments".
Port Mills was in use in the mid 1930s by a family called Reed who sold Kincade garden tractors, but the enterprise was loss making and during 1937-8 the business was taken over by Bullock, Parsons & Co, who also worked as engineering contractors. Another business person, Mr C T R Shepheard, who had been running a nearby sign manufacturing business, joined forces with the company and became a director. However the declaration of war in September 1939 meant the garden tractor business continued to be a struggle, especially because of difficulties obtaining import licences. From 1939 the need was for engineering that supported the war effort, and thus Bullock, Parsons & Co redeployed their plant and staff to do contract work for the Bristol Aeroplane Company, Rolls-Royce (for Spitfire engines) and Humber. Towards the end of the war the premises were commandeered for storage by the Admiralty and were only finally restored to Mr Bullock's company after they had written 364 letters to the government and published their story in the Daily Express (26 October 1945). In the 21st century, Port Mill houses the History Press, which, by happy coincidence, published the memoir cited above with reference to Bullock, Parsons & Co.
Present day
The former port is to be regenerated as part of the canal restoration project by the Cotswold Canals Partnership. This will require considerable engineering expertise as much of the basin has been infilled and in places factories have been built over the canal. Initially the canal is planned to become navigable from Brimscombe Port to the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal. Plans are in place, and much activity being undertaken to restore the whole length of what is now known as The Cotswold Canals, eastwards from Brimscombe to Inglesham on the Thames.
Business
Although there are still a handful of shops in Brimscombe including the newsagent, post office, fish & chip shop, hairdresser and antique furniture store, the number of retail outlets has been in steady decline. The last shop and post office in Thrupp, the Happy Shopper, closed in 1998.
However, most of the former mill buildings have been restored and converted for modern business use. Bourne Mills now houses a cycle shop, auto repair services, and a metal polishing company. Griffin Mill is occupied by a variety of small businesses including a paint factory, a painting and decorating retail business, a fitness centre, an antiques emporium, a computer supplier, a printmaking co-operative and an art shop. Hope Mills business centre contains a tree maintenance company, a car body repair centre, a banner maker and an electrical, plumbing and building maintenance contractor. Phoenix Mill is a trading estate containing, among others, a swimming pool installer, a hot sauce manufacturer, an electronic component manufacturer, a brewery, a printer, Noni's Coffee Roasters and Hammett Guitar Co.- an independent guitar manufacturer. Port Mills is occupied by a publishing company, The History Press.
Education
Thrupp primary school is a mixed school of non-denominational religion with a thriving arts community, while Brimscombe C of E Primary is a mixed school of Church of England religion.
Both schools act as feeder schools for Thomas Keble School, Stroud High School, Marling School, Archway School, Cirencester Deer Park School, Sir William Romney, Maidenhill School and St Peter's School in Gloucester.
Governance
Both villages fall in the 'Thrupp' electoral ward. This ward stretches from Rodborough in the north to Brimscombe in the south. The total ward population at the 2011 census was 2,327.
Leisure
There is a public house, the name of which reflects the local history, the Ship Inn at Brimscombe, which takes its name from the Severn trows which are mentioned earlier.
Until recently there was another pub called the King and Castle. This acquired its name from its proximity to the railway line (it was located opposite the site of Brimscombe station); 'king' and 'castle' being the names of two classes of locomotive used by the Great Western Railway. It is now an Indian restaurant.
Burleigh Court Hotel occupies a Grade II listed early 19th century manor house, built for George Harmar (d.1827) and rebuilt in the 1920s by Clough Williams-Ellis.
Religion
The parish church is dedicated to the Holy Trinity, and there is a Methodist church on Brimscombe Hill, as well as a non-denominational Christian Fellowship that meets in the Brimscombe and Thrupp Social Centre.
Sport
Brimscombe & Thrupp F.C. (known as the Lilywhites) have a first team who play in the Hellenic League Premier Division and a Development team who play in the Hellenic League Division 2 West. Their home ground is The Meadow, where they have been playing their games for over a hundred years.
Politics
There are two Councillors who represent Brimscombe and Thrupp Parish: Stroud District Councillors Rachel Smith (Green Party) and Martin Whiteside (Green Party).
References
External links
Brimscombe and Thrupp Parish Council
Stroud Voices (Thrupp filter) - oral history site
Stroud Voices (Brimcombe filter) - oral history site
Stroud District
Civil parishes in Gloucestershire
Gerenözü is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Lak Lak Ashian (, also Romanized as Lak Lak Āshīān) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 29 families.
Castle of Lak Lak Ashian
The Castle of Lak Lak Ashian is a castle in ruins situated in this village. This castle was built during the reign of Qajar dynasty in Iran. This castle has been registered as part of the national heritage of Iran with the registration number of 12062.
Gallery
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
From becoming Queen on 6 February 1952, Queen Elizabeth II was head of state of 32 independent states; at the time of their death, there were 15 states, called Commonwealth realms. Within the Westminster system in each realm, the Queen's government was headed by a prime minister. Appointment and dismissal of prime ministers were common reserve powers that could be exercised by the Queen or their governors-general.
This list does not cover Commonwealth nations that are not, or have not been, Commonwealth realms, nor holders of offices of prime minister in colonies or sub-national entities such as states or provinces.
The Queen had 179 individuals serve as their realms' prime ministers throughout their reign, the first new appointment being Dudley Senanayake as Prime Minister of Ceylon and the final being Liz Truss as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom; some of these individuals served multiple non-consecutive terms in office (within the same state) as prime minister. Several of the Queen's prime ministers from various realms were appointed for life to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom.
List of prime ministers
Antigua and Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda became independent on 1 November 1981 with Vere Bird as the first prime minister. Bird had previously been Premier of Antigua.
Reference
Australia
Robert Menzies was the incumbent prime minister when Elizabeth became Queen.
Reference
The Bahamas
The Bahamas became independent on 10 July 1973 with Lynden Pindling as the first prime minister. Pindling had previously been the prime minister of the self-governing Commonwealth of the Bahama Islands.
Reference
Barbados
Barbados became independent on 30 November 1966 with Errol Barrow as the first prime minister. Barrow had previously been Premier of Barbados.
Reference
Barbados abolished the monarchy on 30 November 2021. Mottley remained in office as the republic's first prime minister.
Belize
Belize became independent on 21 September 1981 with George Cadle Price as the first prime minister. Price had previously been Premier of Belize.
Reference
Canada
Louis St. Laurent was the incumbent prime minister when Elizabeth became queen.
Reference
Ceylon
D. S. Senanayake was the incumbent prime minister of Ceylon when Elizabeth became queen.
Reference
Ceylon abolished the monarchy on 22 May 1972 and became the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka. Bandaranaike remained in office as the republic's first prime minister until 23 July 1977.
Fiji
Fiji became independent on 10 October 1970 with Kamisese Mara as the first prime minister. Mara had previously been Chief Minister of Fiji.
Reference
Following the 1987 Fijian coups d'état (which resulted in a vacancy in the premiership until December 1987), on 7 October 1987, the new ruling regime declared the nation to have become the Republic of Fiji. Fiji's relationship with the monarchy after this transition is complex (see Monarchy of Fiji).
Gambia
The Gambia became independent on 18 February 1965 with Dawda Jawara as the first prime minister. Jawara had previously been prime minister of the self-governing Gambia.
Reference
The Gambia abolished the monarchy on 24 April 1970, via referendum. Jawara became President of the Gambia on the same day as the post of prime minister was abolished.
Ghana
Ghana became independent on 15 August 1957, with Kwame Nkrumah as its first prime minister. Nkrumah had previously been prime minister of the self-governing Gold Coast.
Reference
Ghana abolished the monarchy on 1 July 1960, via referendum. Nkrumah became President of Ghana on the same day as the post of prime minister was abolished.
Grenada
Grenada became independent on 7 February 1974 with Eric Gairy as the first prime minister. Gairy had previously been Premier of Grenada.
Reference
Guyana
Guyana became independent on 26 May 1966, with Forbes Burnham as its first prime minister. Burnham had previously been Premier of British Guiana.
Reference
Guyana abolished the monarchy on 23 February 1970. Burnham remained in office as the republic's first prime minister until 6 October 1980.
Jamaica
Jamaica became independent on 6 August 1962 with Alexander Bustamante as the first prime minister. Bustamante had previously been Premier of Jamaica.
Reference
Kenya
Kenya became independent on 12 December 1963, with Jomo Kenyatta becoming the first prime minister. Kenyatta had previously been prime minister of self-governing Kenya.
Reference
Kenya abolished the monarchy on 12 December 1964. Kenyatta became President of Kenya as the post of prime minister was abolished.
Malawi
Malawi became independent on 6 July 1964, with Hastings Banda as prime minister. Banda had previously been prime minister of self-governing Nyasaland.
Reference
Malawi abolished the monarchy on 6 July 1966. Banda became President of Malawi as the post of prime minister was abolished.
Malta
The Crown Colony of Malta became independent as the State of Malta on 21 September 1964 with George Borg Olivier as prime minister. Olivier had previously been the colony's prime minister.
Reference
Malta abolished the monarchy on 13 December 1974 and became the current Republic of Malta, a republic within the Commonwealth. Mintoff remained in office as the republic's first prime minister until 22 December 1984.
Mauritius
Mauritius became independent on 12 March 1968, with Seewoosagur Ramgoolam becoming the first prime minister. Ramgoolam had previously been Chief Minister of Mauritius.
Reference
Mauritius abolished the monarchy on 12 March 1992. Jugnauth remained in office as the republic's prime minister until 15 December 1995.
New Zealand
Sidney Holland was the incumbent prime minister when Elizabeth became queen.
Nigeria
The Federation of Nigeria became independent on 1 October 1960, with Abubakar Tafawa Balewa becoming the first prime minister. Balewa had previously been Chief Minister of the Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria.
Reference
Nigeria became the Federal Republic of Nigeria on 1 October 1963. Balewa remained in office as the republic's prime minister until their overthrow and assassination in the 1966 Nigerian coup d'état on 15 January 1966.
Pakistan
Khawaja Nazimuddin was the incumbent prime minister when Elizabeth became queen.
Reference
Pakistan abolished the monarchy on 23 March 1956. Ali remained in office as the republic's first prime minister until 12 September 1956.
Papua New Guinea
Papua New Guinea became independent on 16 September 1975 with Michael Somare as the first prime minister. Somare had previously been Chief Minister of Papua New Guinea.
Reference
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Kitts and Nevis became independent on 19 September 1983 with Kennedy Simmonds as the first prime minister. Simmonds had previously been Premier of Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Reference
Saint Lucia
Saint Lucia became independent on 22 February 1979 with John Compton as the first prime minister. Compton had previously been Premier of Saint Lucia.
Reference
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines became independent on 27 October 1979 with Milton Cato as the first prime minister. Cato had previously been Premier of Saint Vincent.
Reference
Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone became independent on 27 April 1961, with Milton Margai as the first prime minister. Margai had previously been Prime Minister of the Protectorate of Sierra Leone.
Reference
Siaka Stevens assumed the role of prime minister following their party's narrow victory in the 1967 general election. However, immediately after taking office, Stevens was deposed by the National Reformation Council in a coup d'état and placed under house arrest. Military rule persisted until an April 1968 counter-coup restored Stevens' premiership.
Sierra Leone became the Republic of Sierra Leone on 19 April 1971. Stevens left the office of prime minister two days later and became President of Sierra Leone.
Solomon Islands
The Solomon Islands became independent on 7 July 1978 with Peter Kenilorea as the first prime minister.
Reference
South Africa
Daniel François Malan was the incumbent prime minister of the Union of South Africa when Elizabeth became queen.
Reference
Following a referendum, South Africa abolished the monarchy on 31 May 1961, becoming the Republic of South Africa. Verwoerd remained in office as the republic's first prime minister until 6 September 1966.
Tanganyika
Tanganyika became independent on 9 December 1961, with Julius Nyerere as its first prime minister. Nyerere had previously been the prime minister of self-governing Tanganyika.
Reference
Tanganyika abolished the monarchy on 9 December 1962. The post of prime minister was abolished.
Trinidad and Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago became independent on 31 August 1962, with Eric Williams as its first prime minister. Williams had previously been Chief Minister and Premier of Trinidad and Tobago.
Reference
Trinidad and Tobago abolished the monarchy on 1 August 1976. Williams remained in office as the republic's first prime minister until 29 March 1981.
Tuvalu
Tuvalu became independent on 1 October 1978 with Toaripi Lauti as the first prime minister. Lauti had previously been Chief Minister of Tuvalu.
Reference
Uganda
Uganda became independent on 9 October 1962 with Milton Obote as the first prime minister. Obote had previously been the prime minister of self-governing Uganda.
Reference
Uganda abolished the monarchy on 9 October 1963. Obote remained in office as the republic's first prime minister until 15 April 1966.
United Kingdom
Winston Churchill was the incumbent prime minister when Elizabeth became queen.
Reference
Anomalous cases
Grenada (1979–1984)
Maurice Bishop held de facto government control for most of the People's Revolutionary Government period (from 13 March 1979 until 14 October 1983). On 14 October 1983 Bishop was deposed by Bernard Coard and Bishop was killed on 19 October. Coard held power only briefly before military government was declared. After the invasion Grenada's pre-revolutionary system of government, and the office of Prime Minister, was restored on 4 December 1984. The website of the Grenadian government lists Bishop as a former prime minister, but not Coard nor any other individual who held de facto or de jure power in this period.
Rhodesia (1965–1970)
Ian Smith was Prime Minister of Rhodesia following a unilateral declaration of independence on 11 November 1965. Though Rhodesia considered Elizabeth II as Queen of Rhodesia, this title was not accepted by them Acting in their vice-regal capacity under direction from the UK government, Governor of Southern Rhodesia Humphrey Gibbs dismissed the prime minister and their government but this action was ignored by Smith. The state remained unrecognised by Britain and the international community. Following a referendum, Rhodesia declared itself a republic on 2 March 1970. Smith remained in office throughout this period.
See also
Constitutional monarchy
List of Commonwealth heads of government
References
Sources
CIA list of world leaders (current and monthly historical archive: 2001–present) World Statesmen.org (directory of leaders) Rulers.org (directory of leaders)''
Notes
The occurance of some anomalous cases means there is a small degree of ambiguity to this figure.
After Christie suffered a stroke Cynthia A. Pratt served as acting Prime Minister from 4 May to 22 June 2005.
Due to the Sandline affair, Chan resigned as Prime Minister on 27 March 1997 and Giheno took over as acting Prime Minister. They regained the position on 2 June 1997, shortly before being ousted in a general election.
For two periods in this term of Somare's premiership Sam Abal was acting Prime Minister.
See 2011–12 Papua New Guinean constitutional crisis for details on the dispute between Somare and O'Neill as to legitimately held the position of Prime Minister in this time. This period of ambiguity spans the time between the later-disputed dismissal of Somare from office and the implementation of the results of the 2012 general election.
Tuilimu served as acting prime minister following the death of Ionatana.
Telavi was removed from office on 1 August 2013. Sopoaga briefly served as Acting Prime Minister before being sworn in as Prime Minister on 5 August 2013
A constitutional change ended Elizabeth II's reign in Uganda on 9 October 1963 though Uganda did not formally use the term "Republic" until 1966.
British Empire-related lists
Commonwealth of Nations
Commonwealth realms
Elizabeth II-related lists
Elizabeth II
Quintana Roo is a state of Mexico.
Quintana Roo may also refer to:
Places
Quintana Roo Municipality, Yucatán, or the head of the municipality
People
Andrés Quintana Roo (1787–1851), Mexican politician
Quintana Roo Dunne, late daughter of the writers John Gregory Dunne and Joan Didion
Other
Quintana Roo (company), a manufacturer of triathlon-specific bicycles and wetsuits
Quintana Roo (novel), a 1984 horror novel by Gary Brandner
Operation Quintana Roo
Tales of the Quintana Roo, a collection of fantasy stories by American author Alice Sheldon (as James Tiptree Jr.)
Castor & Pollux was launched at Teignmouth in 1790. Initially they traded with the Mediterranean, and on one voyage suffered a fire at sea. They then became a West Indiaman. In 1799 they commenced a voyage as a whaler. A Spanish privateer captured them in the Pacific circa 1801.
Career
Castor & Pollux first appeared in the Lloyd's Register (LR) volume for 1791.
Lloyd's List reported in September 1792 that Castor & Polleux, Codner, master, had been returning from Manfredonia when they caught fire at sea. Them captain and crew ran them onshore at Alicant to extinguish the fire.
War with France broke out early in 1793. Captain William Codner acquired a letter of marque on 30 April 1794.
Captain John Godwin acquired a letter of marque on 3 April 1795.
On 21 March 1799 Castor & Pollux, Anderson, master, was at Deal, waiting to sail for the South Seas. In February 1800 Castor & Pollux called in at Rio de Janeiro in want of refreshments and repairs.
Fate
In May 1801 Lloyd's List reported that a Spanish ship of 24 guns had captured ", late Mortlock, of London", and Castor & Pollux, Anderson, master, in the Galapagos Islands. The Spaniards then took their prizes into Lima. Their captor was the privateer Atlante, under the command of Dominque de Orué.
Citations
References
1790 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in 1792
Whaling ships
Captured ships
Claydon railway station is a former railway station on the 'Varsity Line' (former Oxford Cambridge line), that served the village of Steeple Claydon in Buckinghamshire.
History
Claydon was opened by the Buckinghamshire Railway on 1 May 1850 as part of its line from Banbury to . The line was worked from the outset by the London and North Western Railway (LNWR) which absorbed the Buckinghamshire Railway in 1879. The line was subsequently extended westwards to , to a temporary station at Banbury Road and then to Oxford, opening throughout on 20 May 1851. Claydon station was situated at the 11 milepost on the eastern side of a level crossing where the road from Steeple Claydon to Middle Claydon crosses the line. The station's name came from the fact that the location is surrounded by places with "Claydon" in their name, such as Botolph Claydon and East Claydon, as well as Claydon House which was the residence of Sir Harry Verney, one of the founders of the Buckinghamshire Railway. The nearest village was Steeple Claydon whose inhabitants also had the choice of Padbury railway station on the Banbury to Verney Junction Branch Line which was about away.
The cost of the station was £1,000 in respect of building work plus £200 for machinery. Two platforms were provided with the station buildings on the "Up" side and a timber platform and waiting shelter on the "Down" side. The stone "Up" platform was very low and also very narrow. The architecture was a rural combination of brick and timber with some restrained ornamentation. The station house which adjoined the platform buildings was in a similar style to structures on the Bletchley to Bedford section of the line, being built of brick and half timber rendered with cement and decorative barge boarding around the gables. A small goods yard was served by two sidings and comprised a loading dock, weighbridge, brick hut, ground frame and loading gauge. The level crossing gate and sidings were controlled by Annett's key; when the siding was in use it could only be released by a key which was kept in a gable wing of the station building. During London, Midland and Scottish Railway days, the station, which was in a relatively rural location, was served by six services in either direction on weekdays, plus an extra service on Saturdays and three services on Sundays. When the stationmaster at Claydon was abolished, two porter signalmen ran the station on alternate shifts.
In the wake of the abandonment of a plan to develop the Varsity Line as a freight link from the East Coast ports to South Wales, including a marshalling yard near , Claydon station was listed for closure in the Beeching report which called for the closure of all minor stations on the line. It closed to goods traffic on 6 January 1964 and to passengers on 1 January 1968.
Claydon LNE Junction
An east-to-south chord between the Great Central Main Line and the Oxford to Bletchley line and was opened on 7 July 1940. Situated about west of Claydon station and north of Calvert railway station at grid reference , it was initially double-track but later singled in 1985. The chord was intended to give added flexibility if bombing disrupted services elsewhere and allowed through working between Bletchley and Aylesbury without the need to reverse at . In the event, the spur never supported a regular passenger service but became a useful route for freight and parcels workings, especially services to Calvert brickworks and trains on diversion such as nighttime sleepers which were sent to during the electrification of the West Coast Main Line, as well as shoppers' specials from Aylesbury to Milton Keynes and movements of empty DMU stock between the Chiltern Main Line and Bletchley maintenance depot. On 2 May 1964, the Midland Pullman worked a 1964 FA Cup Final special via the spur and, for a time, fish trains were reversed down the Great Central here and routed via Bicester London Road and Oxford.
The chord was controlled by an LNWR signal box named "Claydon LNE Junction" on the Oxford to Bletchley line and there was an 18-lever Great Central box named "Calvert North Junction" on the Great Central Main Line. The Great Central box closed on 9 September 1956 and the LNWR box followed on 10 December 1967. The spur was mothballed in May 1993 but was brought back into use not long afterwards to allow Bristol "Binliner" trains accessing the clay pits at the former brickworks which are now used as landfill sites. When the track was singled in 1985, a loop was provided at Claydon to allow trains to work between Aylesbury and Oxford without having to run round at Bletchley. The track here is the furthest point north from Marylebone at which Great Central tracks remain in place, services to the north of Calvert having been withdrawn on 5 September 1966 and the track lifted soon afterwards.
Present and future
Present day
The remains of Claydon's station buildings were demolished in the mid-1980s at about the same time as the buildings at . The "Up" platform has nevertheless survived in an overgrown state and railway cottages built for employees also remain. The level crossing gates were replaced by an automatic open crossing in 1976.
Claydon LNE junction is still used for binliner (containerised domestic waste) and spoil trains for the landfill site at Calvert and empty coaching stock movements. In 2007, four loaded domestic waste services ran daily to Calvert from Cricklewood, Dagenham, Bristol and Northolt. Claydon LNE signal box is now preserved on the Swindon and Cricklade Railway.
Future & Possible Reopening
The approval in Autumn 2012 of the western section of the East West Rail project was to see the line through Claydon reopened by 2017, but the project is substantially delayed. there are no proposals that include the reopening of Claydon station.
The preferred route for High Speed 2 would see the high-speed line running parallel to the East West Rail between and Claydon. It is proposed to construct an infrastructure maintenance depot between Calvert and Steeple Claydon within the chord linking the former Great Central Main Line and the reinstated Oxford to Bletchley line. The depot would provide the facilities for railborne maintenance equipment needed to service the line. The preferred site, called 'Thame Road', and a fall-back site, 'Great Pond' were announced in December 2010. The nearby Calvert Waste Plant has also been identified for heat and power generation.
In October 2014, it was reported that Network Rail were considering making passive provision for a station in Queen Catherine Road to serve Steeple Claydon as well as the HS2 infrastructure depot. In July 2015, it was reported that the station's reopening looked more possible according to a County Council report which suggested a stop back in 2012. 60,000 journeys could be made from the station and reduce impact on the roads while HS2 was under construction. The passive provision was secured at this site, meaning that a station can be built at a later date.
In February 2017, the local MP called for the station to be built at the junction between East West Rail and the HS2 line, serving both lines.
References
Notes
Sources
Disused railway stations in Buckinghamshire
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1850
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1968
Beeching closures in England
Ángeles is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,056.
Geography
Ángeles is situated at an elevation of west of Caguana in Utuado, Puerto Rico. It has an area of of which is water.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Ángeles barrio was 2,456.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
In ABO hemolytic disease of the newborn (also known as ABO HDN) maternal IgG antibodies with specificity for the ABO blood group system pass through the placenta to the fetal circulation where they can cause hemolysis of fetal red blood cells which can lead to fetal anemia and HDN. In contrast to Rh disease, about half of the cases of ABO HDN occur in a firstborn baby and ABO HDN does not become more severe after further pregnancies.
The ABO blood group system is the best known surface antigen system, expressed on a wide variety of human cells. For Caucasian populations about one fifth of all pregnancies have ABO incompatibility between the fetus and the mother, but only a very small minority develop symptomatic ABO HDN. The latter typically only occurs in mothers of blood group O, because they can produce enough IgG antibodies to cause hemolysis.
Although very uncommon, cases of ABO HDN have been reported in infants born to mothers with blood groups A and B.
Presentation
Complications
High at birth or rapidly rising bilirubin
Prolonged hyperbilirubinemia
Bilirubin Induced Neurological Dysfunction
Cerebral Palsy
Kernicterus
Neutropenia
Thrombocytopenia
Hemolytic Anemia - MUST NOT be treated with iron
Late onset anemia - Must NOT be treated with iron. Can persist up to 12 weeks after birth.
Causes
Environmental exposure Anti-A and anti-B antibodies are usually IgM and do not pass through the placenta, but some mothers "naturally" have IgG anti-A or IgG anti-B antibodies, which can pass through the placenta. Exposure to A-antigens and B-antigens, which are both widespread in nature, usually leads to the production of IgM anti-A and IgM anti-B antibodies but occasionally IgG antibodies are produced.
Fetal-maternal transfusion Some mothers may be sensitized by fetal-maternal transfusion of ABO incompatible red blood and produce immune IgG antibodies against the antigen they do not have and their baby does. For example, when a mother of genotype OO (blood group O) carries a fetus of genotype AO (blood group A) they may produce IgG anti-A antibodies. The father will either have blood group A, with genotype AA or AO or, more rarely, have blood group AB, with genotype AB.
Blood transfusion It would be very rare for ABO sensitization to be due to therapeutic blood transfusion as a great deal of effort and checking is done to ensure that blood is ABO compatible between the recipient and the donor.
Risk factors
In about a third of all ABO incompatible pregnancies maternal IgG anti-A or IgG anti-B antibodies pass through the placenta to the fetal circulation leading to a weakly positive direct Coombs test for the neonate's blood. However, ABO HDN is generally mild and short-lived and only occasionally severe because:
IgG anti-A (or IgG anti-B) antibodies that enter the fetal circulation from the mother find A (or B) antigens on many different fetal cell types, leaving fewer antibodies available for binding onto fetal red blood cells.
Fetal RBC surface A and B antigens are not fully developed during gestation and so there are a smaller number of antigenic sites on fetal RBCs.
Diagnosis
Routine antenatal antibody screening blood tests (indirect Coombs test) do not screen for ABO HDN. If IgG anti-A or IgG anti-B antibodies are found in the pregnant woman's blood, they are not reported with the test results, because they do not correlate well with ABO HDN. Diagnosis is usually made by investigation of a newborn baby who has developed jaundice during the first week of life.
Testing
Coombs - after birth baby will have a direct coombs test run to confirm antibodies attached to the infant's red blood cells. This test is run from cord blood. In some cases, the direct coombs will be negative but severe, even fatal HDN can occur. An indirect coomb need to be run in cases of anti-C, anti-c, and anti-M. Anti-M also recommends antigen testing to rule out the presence of HDN.
Hgb - the infant's hemoglobin should be tested from cord blood.
Reticulocyte count - Reticulocytes are elevated when the infant is producing more blood to combat anemia. A rise in the retic count can mean that an infant may not need additional transfusions. Low retic is observed in infants treated with IUT and in those with HDN from anti-Kell
Neutrophils - as Neutropenia is one of the complications of HDN, the neutrophil count should be checked.
Thrombocytes - as thrombocytopenia is one of the complications of HDN, the thrombocyte count should be checked.
Bilirubin should be tested from cord blood.
Ferritin - because most infants affected by HDN have iron overload, a ferritin must be run before giving the infant any additional iron.
Newborn Screening Tests - Transfusion with donor blood during pregnancy or shortly after birth can affect the results of the Newborn Screening Tests. It is recommended to wait and retest 10–12 months after last transfusion. In some cases, DNA testing from saliva can be used to rule out certain conditions.
Treatment
The antibodies in ABO HDN cause anemia due to destruction of fetal red blood cells and jaundice due to the rise in blood levels of bilirubin a by-product of hemoglobin break down. If the anemia is severe, it can be treated with a blood transfusion, however this is rarely needed. On the other hand, neonates have underdeveloped livers that are unable to process large amounts of bilirubin and a poorly developed blood-brain barrier that is unable to block bilirubin from entering the brain. This can result in kernicterus if left unchecked. If the bilirubin level is sufficiently high as to cause worry, it can be lowered via phototherapy in the first instance or an exchange transfusion if severely elevated.
Phototherapy - Phototherapy is used for cord bilirubin of 3 or higher. Some doctors use it at lower levels while awaiting lab results.
IVIG - Intravenous Immunoglobulin therapy (IVIG) has been used to successfully treat many cases of HDN. It has been used not only on anti-D, but on anti-E as well. IVIG can be used to reduce the need for exchange transfusion and to shorten the length of phototherapy. The AAP recommends "In isoimmune hemolytic disease, administration of intravenous γ-globulin (0.5-1 g/kg over 2 hours) is recommended if the TSB is rising despite intensive phototherapy or the TSB level is within 2 to 3 mg/dL (34-51 μmol/L) of the exchange level . If necessary, this dose can be repeated in 12 hours (evidence quality B: benefits exceed harms). Intravenous γ-globulin has been shown to reduce the need for exchange transfusions in Rh and ABO hemolytic disease."
Exchange transfusion - Exchange transfusion is used when bilirubin reaches either the high or medium risk lines on the normogram provided by the American Academy of Pediatrics (Figure 4). Cord bilirubin >4 is also indicative of the need for exchange transfusion.
See also
Coombs test
Hemolytic anemia
Hematology
References
External links
Haemorrhagic and haematological disorders of fetus and newborn
Disorders originating in the perinatal period
Transfusion medicine
Neonatology
Acquired hemolytic anemia
Pressath is a municipality in the district of Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in Bavaria, Germany. Pressath was founded in 1657. It is situated 20 km northwest of Weiden in der Oberpfalz and ca. 7 km north of Grafenwöhr.
References
Neustadt an der Waldnaab (district)
Boroumand, Boromand, Burumand or Borumand (Persian: برومند) is an Iranian or Persian surname that may refer to
Adib Boroumand (1924–2017), Iranian poet, politician and lawyer
Habib Boromand Dashghapu (born 1961), Iranian shiite cleric and politician
Manouchehr Boroumand (1934–2017), Iranian weightlifter
Marzieh Boroumand, Iranian actor, puppeteer, screenwriter and TV film director
Masoud Boroumand (1928–2011), Iranian football forward
Parviz Boroumand (born 1972), Iranian football goalkeeper
Taraneh Boroumand, Iranian playwright, writer, poet and translator
See also
Mahmudabad-e Borumand, a village in Iran
Persian-language surnames
The Guild Chapel of the Holy Cross, Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire is a chapel of 13th century origins. Founded by the Guild of the Holy Cross before 1269, it passed into the control of the town corporation in 1553, when the Guild was suppressed by Edward VI. The chapel stands on Church Street, opposite the site of William Shakespeare's home, New Place, and has historic connections to Shakespeare's family. The chapel was gifted an extensive series of wall-paintings by Hugh Clopton, an earlier owner of New Place, and John Shakespeare, Shakespeare's father, undertook their defacement in the later 1500s. The paintings have recently been conserved.
Clopton undertook a major expansion of the chapel before their death in 1496, constructing a new nave which was incomplete when they died. The chapel was restored in a thirty-year programme undertaken by Stephen Dykes Bower from 1954-1983 and is a Grade I listed building. Owned and maintained by the Stratford-upon-Avon Town Trust, the chapel is used for services by King Edward VI School.
History
The Guild of the Holy Cross was a medieval religious membership foundation and the guild in Stratford-upon-Avon became a powerful societal force. Members paid fees to join and a range of services were provided, including a hospital and a school, the provision of a priest to pray for the dead, as well as support for the poor. Within the town, the guild constructed its guildhall on Church Street and the adjacent chapel was built circa 1260.
Clopton's wall-paintings depicted a cycle of images showing, among others, the Doom, the Allegory of Death, the Life of Adam and St George Slaying the Dragon. They were covered over by John Shakespeare some time in the 1560s-1570s, acting as town chamberlain and in accordance with Elizabeth I's injunction of 1559 to remove "all signs of superstition and idolatry from places of worship". John Shakespeare's contemporary record details theirs paying two shillings for "defasyng ymages in ye chapel". The wall-paintings were rediscovered under limewash in 1804 and were recorded by the antiquarian and draughtsman Thomas Fisher. A restoration project undertaken in 2016 won the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings John Betjeman award in 2017.
A major programme of archaeological investigation, carried out by the Department of Archaeology at the University of York in the early 21st century and making innovative use of digital modelling, described the chapel as "one of Europe's most important surviving late-medieval Guild Chapels".
The 'Great Bell', a curfew bell cast in 1633, was renovated in 2018.
Architecture and description
The chancel is 13th century, with the nave and tower dating from Hugh Clopton's rebuilding on c.1490.
Notes
Sources
External links
Grade I listed buildings in Warwickshire
Buildings and structures in Stratford-upon-Avon
Enneapterygius bahasa, blacktail triplefin, also known as the blacktail threefin in Australia, is a species of threefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by German ichthyologist Ronald Fricke in 1997, and earns its common name from its black caudal fins. It is known from reefs in the western Pacific Ocean.
Etymology
The blacktail triplefin was described by Ronald Fricke in 1997, from a male holotype (USNM 259168) collected from Queensland, Australia, and 77 paratype specimens from its other known locale. They gave it the species name bahasa, referring to the official Indonesian language, often called "Bahasa Indonesia".
Description
Male blacktail triplefins can reach a maximum length of . Fricke described the blacktail triplefin as being a medium-sized member of the "Enneapterygius hemimelas" species group, being most closely related to the Australian Clea's triplefin (E. clea) and the Redtail triplefin (E. rubicauda) from the western Pacific. The bodies of the blennies are predominantly reddish in colour, with white spots on the bodies and white streaks around the eyes; the males have blackish faces and tails (from which the common name is derived), a trait which is not shared with the females. On average, the females have stouter bodies, shorter snouts and higher vertical fins than the males.
Distribution
It is a tropical blenny found mainly in the flats and crests of reefs in the western Pacific Ocean, and swims at depths ranging from . It has been recorded from Japan, Taiwan, Indonesia, the Philippines, Papua New Guinea, Guam, Palau, and Australia.
References
External links
Enneapterygius bahasa at www.biologie.uni-ulm.de
Enneapterygius bahasa at www.fishwise.co.za
Enneapterygius bahasa at World Register of Marine Species
Enneapterygius bahasa at ITIS
bahasa
Fauna of Queensland
blacktail triplefin
Mass migrations take place, or used to take place, by the following mammals:
Africa:
Hartebeest
Springbok
Black wildebeest
Blue wildebeest
Blesbok
Tiang
Burchell's zebra
Quagga (extinct)
Thompson's gazelle
Mongalla gazelle
White-eared kob
Grant's gazelle
Scimitar-horned oryx
Giant eland
North America:
Pronghorn
Mule deer
Bison
Wapiti
Mexican free-tailed bat
North America and Eurasia:
Reindeer/caribou
Eurasia:
Siberian roe deer
Chiru
Kulan
Mongolian gazelle
Saiga
Of these migrations, those of the springbok, black wildebeest, blesbok, scimitar-horned oryx, and kulan have ceased.
References
Lists of mammals
Ethology
Ecology
The ISG business school or Institut Superieur de Gestion, is a major business school, based in Paris, France.
It was founded in 1967 by a group of French CEOs led by Pierre-Alexandre Dumas.
In 1983, ISG opened its own campuses in New York and Tokyo. Nowadays ISG is associated with more than 160 universities on the 5 continents.
ISG delivers BBAs and MBAs. Majors of the Grande Ecole master are Marketing, Finance, Technology and Luxury management.
ISG is fully accredited by the french ministry of education to award degrees on behalf of the state.
ISG has 10 campuses across France and Europe and is a member of the IONIS Education Group, the largest private group in France in terms of student population and endowment.
ISG is member of AACSB, EFMD, CLADEA, AMCHAM, UGEI, CGE.
History
ISG Paris was founded in 1967. In 1982 and 1984, the campuses of Tokyo and New York City were inaugurated. The university concluded its first partnership with China in 1985. In 1997, the university joined the IONIS Education Group. In 2004, the diploma was recognized by French Ministry of National Education and the university was accredited by IACBE before becoming a member of UNIDO in 2006. In 2007, the university was accredited by ACBSP before being recognized by French State to deliver a Master's degree in 2009. The same year, the school became a member of AACSB. On 10 April 2012, the ISG became a member of the Conférence des grandes écoles.
Since 2013, IONIS Education Group wants to develop day-time or night school education for employees provided by companies by developing programs based on the 11 Master of Business Administration degrees of the university. It has a double degree agreement with the EAN University of Bogotá, Colombia.
In 2014, ISG Business School launched a subsidiary specialized in luxury, fashion and design called Moda Domani Institute. Now ISG Luxury Management.
In 2021, ISG launched a new program in sport management accredited by the NBA: ISG Sport Management.
Notable alumni
References
External links
Official website
Alumni website
Educational institutions established in 1967
Business schools in France
Education in Paris
Grandes écoles
16th arrondissement of Paris
East Bloomfield Historic District is a national historic district located at East Bloomfield in Ontario County, New York. The district encompasses 49 properties with 90 contributing resources including residential, commercial, religious, and civic properties in the historic core of East Bloomfield. The structures are centered on the village green.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
References
External links
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Georgian architecture in New York (state)
Federal architecture in New York (state)
Historic districts in Ontario County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Ontario County, New York
The surname MacTavish or McTavish is a Scottish surname, it is one Anglicised form of the Gaelic "MacThamis","Mac Tamhais", or "Mac Thamhais" (in different eras) which is derived from the Pictish word for twin, TUUS.
. Tavis or Tavish is synonymous with the Lowland Scots name "Tammas". "Tavis" and "Tammas" are derived from the Aramaic for twin, being te'oma תאומא Anglicised as Thomas.
People
Alastair MacTavish Dunnett (1908–1998), Scottish journalist
Anne Mactavish, Canadian Federal Court trial judge
Charles MacTavish (1818–1868), American landowner
Craig MacTavish (born 1958), Canadian professional ice hockey coach
Don MacTavish (1940–1969), American race driver
John MacTavish (British Consul), Scots-Canadian fur trade entrepreneur and British Consul to Baltimore, Maryland
Letitia MacTavish Hargrave (1813–1854), Scottish author of letters published as memoirs of 19th-century pioneer women in Canada
Scott Mactavish (contemporary), American filmmaker, author, and journalist
Shona Dunlop MacTavish (1920–2019), New Zealand dancer and dance teacher
William Mactavish (1815–1870), Scottish-born representative of the Hudson's Bay Company; governor of Rupert's Land and Assiniboia in Canada
Fictional people
Captain John "Soap" MacTavish, one of the main protagonists in Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3.
Other
Clan MacTavish, Scottish clan
SS Ina Mactavish
MacTavish Cup, shinty
See also
Tavish, a related given name
References
Mactavish
Mactavish
Mactavish
The maîtresse-en-titre () was the chief royal mistress of the King of France. The title came into use during the reign of Henry IV and continued through the reign of Louis XV. It was a semi-official position which came with its own apartments. The position could come with significant power, as some mistresses were known to advise the king, broker favors for clients, forge alliances, and negotiate with foreign diplomats. In contrast, the title petite maîtresse was the title of a mistress who was not officially acknowledged.
From the reign of Louis XIV, the term has often been applied, both in translation ("official mistress") and in the original French, to refer to the main mistress of any monarch or prominent man when their relationship with them is not clandestine, e.g. Vibeke Kruse, Nell Gwynn, Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes, Lola Montez, Magda Lupescu.
French royal mistresses with the position of Maîtresse-en-titre
While the King may have many mistresses, there were normally only one official Maîtresse-en-titre. Below are examples of those with this position. For a full list of all the mistresses of a French King, regardless of their position as official or not, please see List of French royal mistresses.
Charles V of France
Biette de Cassinel (c. 1340 – c. 1380)
Charles VI of France
Odette de Champdivers (c. 1384–1424)
Charles VII of France
Agnès Sorel (c. 1422–1450)
Antoinette de Maignelais (c. 1430 – c. 1461)
Louis XI of France
Phélise Regnard (1424-1474)
Marguerite de Sassenage (c. 1449–1471)
Francis I of France
Françoise de Foix (1495–1537), countess of Châteaubriant
Anne de Pisseleu d'Heilly (1508–1580), duchess of Étampes
Henry II of France
Diane de Poitiers (1499–1566)
Henry III of France
Louise de La Béraudière du Rouhet
Renée de Rieux de Châteauneuf
Marie of Cleves, Princess of Condé
Henry IV of France
Diane d'Andoins "La Belle Corisandre" (1554–1621)
Françoise de Montmorency (1562–?)
Esther Imbert (1570 – c. 1593)
Antoinette de Pons (1570–1632)
Gabrielle d'Estrées (c. 1571–1599)
Catherine Henriette de Balzac d'Entragues (1579–1633), marquise de Verneuil
Jacqueline de Bueil (c. 1580–1651)
Charlotte des Essarts (c. 1580–1651)
Louis XIV of France
Louise Françoise de la Baume le Blanc de la Vallière (1644–1710), duchesse de la Vallière and duchesse de Vaujours
Françoise-Athénaïs de Rochechouart de Mortemart, marquise de Montespan (1640–1707)
Françoise d'Aubigné, marquise de Maintenon (1635–1719), married the King in 1683
Isabelle de Ludres (1687–1722)
Marie Angélique de Scoraille de Roussille (1661–1681), duchess of Fontanges
Louis XV of France
Louise Julie de Mailly (1710–1751), comtesse de Mailly
Pauline-Félicité de Mailly (1712–1741), marquise de Vintimille
Diane-Adélaïde de Mailly (1713–1760), duchess de Lauraguais
Marie-Anne de Mailly (1717–1744), duchess de Châteauroux
Jeanne-Antoinette Poisson (better known as Madame de Pompadour) (1721–1764), marquise de Pompadour
Marie-Jeanne Bécu (better known as Madame du Barry) (1743–1793), comtesse de Barry
Louis XVIII of France
Zoé Talon, comtesse du Cayla (1785–1852)
See also
Henry IV of France's wives and mistresses
Favourite
References
External links
List of maîtresses du Roi-Soleil (French)
Maitresse
1340s establishments in France
1852 disestablishments in France
Lists of royal mistresses
Lists of French women
Nour TV () is the first Persian language Sunni Islamic television channel. The channel is operated from Dubai Media City in the United Arab Emirates. It offers mainly Sunni religious programs and documentaries in the Persian language, but also telecasts Persian dubbed Sunni religious dramas such as Omar and Salah Al-Din.
External links
Official website
Official website
Islamic television networks
Persian-language television stations
Television stations in the United Arab Emirates
Walt Sales is an American politician who served as a member of Montana House of Representatives for District 69 from 2017 to 2021.
Personal life
Sales' wife is LaRae Sales. They have three children.
References
External links
Walt Sales at ballotpedia.org
Walt Sales at ourcampaigns.com
Living people
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Montana Republicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American politicians
Opisthotropis cheni is a species of natricine snake found in China.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1999
Reptiles of China
Alonso Muñoz de Gadea (1630s-1708) was a Spanish politician, accountant and military officer who served in Buenos Aires during the Viceroyalty of Peru as Alcalde, Procurador and Mayordomo of the Cathedral Mayor of the city.
Biography
They were born in Lima (Viceroyalty of Peru), the son of Juan de Gadea and Josefa Muñoz, belonging to a family of Spanish Creole origin. They studied in Lima, and settled in Buenos Aires around 1650, where they married to Francisca Cabral de Ayala, daughter of Juan Cabral de Melo y Alpoin and Inés Leal de Ayala, belonging to a noble family of Buenos Aires.
They were elected alcalde of 2nd vote of Buenos Aires in 1671, and served procurator of the city in 1673, and appointed to the post of Mayordomo of the Church of Buenos Aires in 1690. They also had an active participation in the Provincial Militias of Buenos Aires and Santiago, where they served as commander of the military detachments of those cities.
Family
Alonso Muñoz de Gadea and their wife had two adoptive daughters, Inés Muñoz de Gadea Ayala, who was married to Capt. Tomás de Quiñones, and Agueda de Gadea, wife of Bernardino Ramírez de Céspedes, an alférez, born in the city, son of Juan Ramírez, born in Málaga and Josefa de Rivera, daughter of Andrés Jorge de Bohórquez and Francisca de Rivera.
Their wife was a maternal granddaughter of Mateo Leal de Ayala, a distinguished Spanish politician who served as Governor and Mayor of Buenos Aires.
References
External links
Documentos y planos relativos al periodo edilicio colonial de la ciudad de Buenos-Aires - archive.org
Matrimonios 1656-1762
1630s births
1708 deaths
Spanish colonial governors and administrators
People from Buenos Aires
People from Lima
Mayors of Buenos Aires
Nazlu (, also Romanized as Nāzlū) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,311, in 328 families.
Urmia University
The main campus of Urmia University is located in South of Nazlu.
References
Populated places in Urmia County
The Am Wall Windmill (Herdentorswallmühle or Mühle am Wall) is an important and iconic building in Bremen, Germany. This 1898 building is open to visitors and it is home to a restaurant.
History
The first windmill on this site was constructed in 1699. The building has been destroyed by fire and rebuilt a number of times, but the current construction was completed in 1898. This design rests on an eight sided base and the upper part is steered by a wind vane. The four sails of the windmill are shuttered. This type of design is known as a smock mill or Galerieholländer.
The windmill is in the middle of a city park that was constructed on the ground where the fortifications of the city once stood. Today the building is heritage listed and inside is a restaurant. Tourists may enter the building after a nominal charge every day, although in the winter it is only open in the afternoon.
In Popular Culture
The mill was featured in the music video for "Take Me Home", by Phil Collins.
References
Windmills in Germany
1698 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Kushk-e Nar (, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Nār and Kūshk Nār; also known as Koosh Kenar, Koshkonār, Kūshkonār, Kūshk Sār, and Kush Kunār) is a city in Kushk-e Nar Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,601, in 539 families.
References
Populated places in Parsian County
Cities in Hormozgan Province
Superprofit, surplus profit or extra surplus-value () is a concept in Karl Marx's critique of political economy subsequently elaborated by Vladimir Lenin and other Marxist thinkers.
Origin of the concept in Karl Marx's Capital
The term superprofit (extra surplus-value) was first used by Marx in Das Kapital. It refers to above-average enterprise profits, arising in three main situations:
Technologically advanced firms operating at above average productivity in a competitive growing market.
Under conditions of declining demand, only firms with above-average productivity would obtain the previous socially average profit rate as the rest would book lower profits.
Monopolies of resources or technologies, yielding what are effectively land rents, mining rents, or technological rents.
Although Marx does not discuss this in detail (beyond referring to international productivity differentials in the world economy), there could be included a fourth case, namely superprofits arising from structural unequal exchange in the world economy. In this case, superprofit arises simply through buying products cheaply in one place and selling them at a much higher price elsewhere, yielding an above-average profit margin. This type of superprofit may not be attributable to extra productivity or monopoly conditions and represent only a transfer of value from one place to another.
Lenin's interpretation
According to Leninism, superprofits are extracted from the workers in colonial (or Third World) countries by the imperialist powers (in the First World). Part of these superprofits are then distributed (in the form of increased living standards) to the workers in the imperialists' home countries in order to buy their loyalty, achieve political stability and avoid a workers' revolution, usually by means of reformist labor parties. The workers who receive a large enough share of the superprofits have an interest to defend the capitalist system, so they become a labor aristocracy.
Superprofit in Marxist–Leninist theory is the result of unusually severe exploitation or superexploitation. All capitalist profit in Marxist–Leninist theory is based on exploitation (the business owners extract surplus value from the workers), but superprofit is achieved by taking exploitation above and beyond its normal level. In Marxism–Leninism, there are no profits that could result from an activity or transaction that did not involve exploitation, except socialist profits in a Soviet-type economy.
Ernest Mandel's theory
Ernest Mandel argues in their book Late Capitalism that the front line of capitalist development is always ruled by the search for surplus-profits (above-average returns).
Mandel argues that the growth pattern of modern capitalism is shaped by the quest for surplus-profits in monopolistic and oligopolistic markets in which a few large corporations dominate supply. Thus, the extra or above-average profits do not arise so much from real productivity gains, but from corporations monopolising access to resources, technologies and markets. It is not so much that enterprises with superior productivity outsell competitors, but that competitors are blocked in various ways from competing, for example through cartelisation, mergers, fusions, take-overs, government-sanctioned licensing, exclusive production and selling rights. In that case, the extra profits have less to do with reward for entrepreneurship than with market position and market power, i.e. the ability to offload business costs onto someone else (the state, consumers and other businesses) and force consumers to pay extra for access to the goods and services they buy, based on supply monopolies.
Tibor Palánkai instead argues that while superprofit can be monopolistic profit, abusing monopoly position is regulated by rigorous competition policies in developed democratic countries. Superprofit coming from other sources like comparative advantages or technical innovation contribute to public welfare.
Criticism
Critics of superprofit hold a different view. Their argument can be summarised in the following points:
The average rate of surplus value is typically higher in rich countries because of higher labor-productivity.
High-paid skilled workers can be very militant and display class consciousness.
The existence of reformist labor parties in the Third World.
The differences in wages between rich and poor countries are far greater than the differences in wages within rich countries—so if anything, the whole working class in rich countries is a labor aristocracy from a global point of view.
It is not clear that workers in the imperialist country directly share in repatriated profits from overseas dominions.
The actual amount of repatriated profit from overseas investments that could trickle down to the working class as salary income is not large enough to sustain a labor aristocracy, if there is one.
Probably the main economic benefit that workers in rich countries obtain directly from poor countries is cheap consumer goods, but in fact the monetary value of these goods is statistically only a small part of their total budget. The big ticket foreign-made items in working class budgets are foreign computer hardware, foreign-made appliances and foreign cars (i.e. durable consumer goods), but out of that total expenditure only a small fraction represents goods from poor countries.
See also
New Imperialism
Neo-colonialism
Profit (economics)
Overexploitation
Surplus value
Unequal exchange
References
External links
Karl Marx. Das Kapital. Volume 3, Chapter XIV, Section V.
Vladimir Lenin. [http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1916/oct/x01.htm Lenin, Imperialism and the Split in Socialism].
Ernest Mandel. Late Capitalism.
Makoto Itoh. Value and Crisis.
Victor Perlo. The Empire of High Finance.
Victor Perlo. Militarism and Industry.
Michael Barratt-Brown. After Imperialism.
Michael Barrat-Brown. The Economics of Imperialism.
Robert Biel. The New Imperialism: Crisis and Contradictions in North/South Relations.
Marxian economics
Imperialism studies
The 1986 Wightman Cup was the 58th edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London in England in the United Kingdom.
References
1986
1986 in tennis
1986 in women's tennis
1986 in American tennis
1986 in English women's sport
1986 sports events in London
1986 in English tennis
The 2013 Dubai World Cup was a horse race held at Meydan Racecourse on Saturday 30 March 2013. It was the 18th running of the Dubai World Cup.
The winner was Team Valor, Arrowfield Stud & Darley Stud's Animal Kingdom, a five-year-old chestnut entire horse trained in the United States by Graham Motion and ridden by Joel Rosario. Animal Kingdom's victory was the first in the race for their jockey, trainer and owners.
Animal Kingdom had been the American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse in 2011 when their wins included the Kentucky Derby but injury problems restricted them to only five races in almost twenty-three months before they competed in Dubai. In the World Cup they started the 11/2 third favourite and won by two lengths and four and three quarter lengths from the British-trained challengers Red Cadeaux and Planteur. The 5/2 favourite Hunter's Light finished seventh of the twelve runners.
Race details
Sponsor: Emirates Airline
Purse: £6,134,969; First prize: £3,680,981
Surface: Tapeta
Going: Standard
Distance: 10 furlongs
Number of runners: 12
Winner's time: 2:03.21
Full result
Abbreviations: nse = nose; nk = neck; shd = short head; hd = head
Winner's details
Further details of the winner, Animal Kingdom
Sex: Stallion
Foaled: 20 March 2008
Country: United States
Sire: Leroidesanimaux; Dam: Dalicia (Acatenango)
Owner: Arrowfield Stud & Team Valor
Breeder: Team Valor
References
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Olivier Busquet (born August 22, 1981) is an American professional poker player.
Early life
Busquet was born on August 22, 1981, in New York City. They attended The Allen-Stevenson School, and Trinity High School, where they competed in chess and played violin in the orchestra. Busquet then attended Cornell University and graduated with a degree in philosophy. Afterwards, they worked on Wall Street for some time.
Poker career
Busquet, who competes in both online and live tournaments, is known as an aggressive player. At the beginning of their career, they lost their bankroll a few times. They found success in heads up sit and go games and earned $2 million in sit and go games before any other player had even earned $1 million. In the 2008 and 2009 World Series of Poker main events, they finished in 244th place and 311th place, respectively. In the fall of 2009, Busquet won the Borgata WPT Poker Open, defeating the largest field in WPT history.
Busquet appeared on the last season of Poker After Dark in 2011.
As of 2021, Busquet has earned over $9,000,000 in 126 live tournaments in their career of which $765,879 have come from cashes at the WSOP.
Online Poker
Busquet started off as an online player, originally playing low stakes NLHE cash.
Their breakthrough came in 2006, when they found the format best suited for them – heads-up Sit&Go's. They made an estimated $2.75 million profit over the course of tens of thousands of S&G's
They play under the screen name “livb112” on Full Tilt and “adonis112” on PokerStars. Across those two accounts, they have also amassed $840,000 in MTT winnings, in addition to their S&G winnings.
MMA
At the end of 2015, Busquet challenged the poker community to have an MMA (mixed martial arts) match as a prop bet with $150,000 on the line.
JC Alvarado took on the challenge, fighting at 165 pounds, while Busquets fought at 187.5 pounds. The match took place on April 21, 2016 at the Syndicate MMA facility in Las Vegas. Bousquet ended up winning with a technical knock-out in the 3rd round.
References
External links
Official website
1981 births
Living people
American poker players
World Poker Tour winners
Cornell University alumni
Sportspeople from New York City
Kittlitz's plover (Charadrius pecuarius) is a small shorebird (35-40 g) in the family Charadriidae that breeds near coastal and inland saltmarshes, sandy or muddy riverbanks or alkaline grasslands with short vegetation. It is native to much of Sub-Saharan Africa, the Nile Delta and Madagascar. It is thought to be mainly monogamous and has monomorphic plumage.
Description
Kittlitz's plover is a small shorebird weighing between 35-40 grams. Both male and female have a black bill, dark brown eyes with black eyelids and black legs, although sometimes the legs can appear greenish or grey. During the breeding season, the male has a white forehead, a blackish bar followed by a narrow white bar on the forecrown, whereas the rest of the crown is brown with sandy tips to the feathers. A black stripe - separated from the crown by a white superciliary stripe - runs from the bill through the eye and extends to the side of the neck forming a collar across the upper mantle. The mantle is dark grey-brown, the other upperparts are sooty brown with feathers having sandy rufous margins. The face, the chin and the upper throat are white and the rest of the underparts are yellowish, the belly is pale. Kittlitz's Plover has blackish central tail feathers that get continuously lighter towards the side of the tail; the outer one or two pairs are completely white.
The female plumage is similar to the male's, only the black band across the forecrown is narrower.
The non-breeding plumage does not differ much from the breeding one, the eye stripe is browner, the frontal bar is missing and the underparts are a lot paler. In general, adult wing length lies between 100–110 mm, adult bill length between 15–23 mm and adult tarsus length between 26–33 mm.
Juvenile Kittlitz's plovers appear similar to adults, however the black face marks are lacking, the upperparts are brown, the hindneck collar is buff and the underparts are white.
Distribution, movement and habitat
Distribution
Kittlitz's plover is distributed throughout most of sub-Saharan Africa, but is also native to Madagascar and the Nile River Delta. A genetic study reported genetic differentiation between Madagascar and the mainland population. It is common in South Africa, however rarer in arid regions of Botswana and Namibia. In Namibia, it mostly inhabits coastal regions, highlands and Ovamboland. It is more scarce in the southern lowveld of South Africa and patchy in the interior of KwaZulu-Natal and the eastern Cape. Usually it avoids mountains or densely wooded areas. The Malagasy population might result from a relatively recent immigration from mainland Africa, whereas the Madagascar plover (Charadrius thoracius) might have evolved from an earlier Kittlitz's plover population. The two species are clearly distinct and can not interbreed.
Birds from Madagascar are in general smaller than birds from continental Africa. Kittlitz's plovers are heavier and have longer wings in South Africa compared to Madagascar, whereas Egyptian specimens have longer wings and shorter tarsi than in Madagascar. However, they are still regarded as the same species in the absence of apparent plumage difference.
In Madagascar, Kittlitz's plover is both a breeding resident and intra-island migrant and has been recorded mostly below 950 m, although it has been recorded at up to 1,400 m too.
Movements
The African populations are partially sedentary in coastal areas, but mostly nomadic or migratory with their movements varying between years in response to rainfall. There is limited evidence for comparable variation in Madagascar. In the lower Mangoky basin for instance, they are thought to be resident, whereas at the Lake Tsimanampetsotsa, ringed adults have been recorded to have moved 113 km to Ifaty.
Habitat
Kittlitz's plover can be both found in inland and coastal regions. It favours open habitats at low elevation, often dry ground (open dry mud) with very short grass, mostly in close proximity to water. It breeds at lakes, alkaline grasslands, lagoons, rivers, tidal mudflats or inland saltmarshes and artificial water bodies including commercial salt pans, but generally avoids sandy or rocky beaches. In the eastern and western Cape, some populations move to estuarine mudflats during the winter, probably because of reduced competition from Palearctic migrants but also to avoid food shortage due to harsh interior winters.
They are strictly terrestrial, feeding, nesting, preening and roosting solely on the ground.
Voice
The Kittlitz's Plover's calls include . They give alarm calls when in danger or when flushed, which include , hard or plaintive .
During fights, the males give a buzzy call in aggressive or courtship chases,
When male or female are feigning injury, they give a ‘cheep-cheep' and when a parent is inviting the young to brood, it gives a ‘chip-chip' and the young are being warned with a ‘trr-trr'. The call of a young is a thin ‘peep'.
Feeding
Kittlitz's plover forages in a typical run-stop-search fashion, meaning it runs around, stops suddenly to peck at an item and then continues running. Sometimes, an individual stands erect with one foot vibrating on the surface (foot-trembling), then lunges forward to catch any prey that has been attracted to the surface. This behaviour has not been reported in Madagascar.
They feed day and night (on moonlit nights until 11PM) often in groups of 2-5 individuals or in small mixed flocks together with other small waders like the Calidris species. When foraging, they can show an aggressive behaviour, especially towards conspecifics and species with similar diets, e.g. curlew sandpiper (Calidris ferruginea) or common ringed plover (Charadrius hiaticula). The aggression increases with density and is particularly high in the winter months before breeding.
They mainly feed on insects, especially beetles, insect larvae, spiders, small crustaceans and molluscs. Most of their food is small, but they were recorded to have taken a cricket that was about 40 mm long.
Behaviour
The species is social in the non-breeding season and stays in small flocks of about 20 individuals, however it has also been reported in larger flocks of 100-300 individuals during migratory movements.
Breeding and territories
Kittlitz's Plover has a flexible breeding system and shorter duration of pair bond than other plover species (ZS and TS, unpublished data). It is thought to be mainly monogamous and the pairing usually occurs around 2–4 weeks before the couple occupies their territory. Copulation and feeding both take place in the territories, which can occupy 3600-4200m². The parents are highly defensive of their territories until the chicks hatch. When intruders invade their territory representing a threat, the parents run after them, stopping shortly in front of them, taking on an upright posture with their legs almost straight and their head up.
Courtship
The initial courtship takes place on ‘neutral' ground. and consists of a scrape-ceremony, where one bird is placing its breast on the sand, then rotating around on the breast, whilst having its tail raised and kicking out sand with back- and forward movements of its legs.
Usually, the male takes the initiative of making several scrapes (although sometimes both parents take turns in making them) and then the female probably chooses the final nest site. Both parents pick up pebbles or break off bits of dead vegetation as nest material to line the nest with.
Nesting and incubation
The Kittlitz's Plover is a ground-nesting shorebird, that breeds throughout the whole year, although there are varying peak seasons in different geographic locations. Copulation usually occurs 6–11 days before egg-laying on or near the nest scrape. The simple nest scrape is usually made 50–100 m away from water on open, dry ground at low elevation, from where it is easy to spot intruders. It is about 10–15 cm in diameter and is lined with shells, pebbles, animal dung and fragments of vegetation. The Kittlitz's Plovers usually nest solitary or in loose flocks with their nests being mostly more than 40 m apart, however they can be sometimes as close as 8 m. Sometimes the old scrape may be reused, probably by the same pair.
Kittlitz's Plovers lays 1-3 eggs (usually 2) at 1-2 day intervals. They eggs are oval, dark grey-maroon with black speckles giving and overall sand-coloured or light brown background.
Incubation starts once the clutch is completed and is carried out by both parents - usually by the male at night and by the female during the day - for a period of 21–27 days. When a parent leaves the nest during the day or when the nest is approached by a predator, the parent usually covers the eggs up to two thirds or completely with sand within 3-90 s by moving several times around the nest kicking its feet alternately. Newly or partly hatched chicks also get covered. Sometimes the eggs might be left unattended up to 5–7 hours. When the parent returns to the nest, it uncovers the nest before pursuing incubation.
Parental care
Once the young have hatched, both parents remove eggshells from nest site. Newly hatched young are downy, their upper parts are grey to white, their back is mottled with a dark median stripe and their underparts are white. The chicks leave the nest within a few hours of hatching or may be brooded on the nest for up to 24 hours. The chicks are precocial and can feed for themselves from 24 hours after hatching; one parent usually leads them to foraging areas up to 1 km away from the nest. Kittlitz's plovers exhibit uniparental care, where only one parent (either male or female) stays with the young and broods them in frequent intervals until they can fly at 26–32 days. The parent calls the chicks when inviting them to brood or when danger is present. The parents actively defend their young against conspecifics or intruders by a) feigning injury to attract more attention on themselves by lying flat on the ground, flapping their wings in a helpless manner, fanning their tail or running away or towards intruder, b) false brooding or c) running with head held low, tail drooped and spread wings.
Chicks and juveniles obtain adult plumage after one year, and some may start breeding at that age.
Conservation
Status and trends
The IUCN classifies Kittlitz's plover as Least Concern. The species is abundant in Africa and locally common in Madagascar, and it has a very wide range. Although not much is known about population trends due to difficulties in assessing the impact of habitat modifications, any declines appear to be below the threshold that would be identified as threatening.
Kittlitz's Plover is locally very abundant in East, South and Central Africa, with a population size estimated at 100,000-400,000 individuals. West Africa is estimated to sustain 20,000-50,000 individuals. In Madagascar, the population is estimated at 10,000-20,000 individuals, making the species locally common.
Threats
Kittlitz's plover is mainly threatened by habitat loss due to wetland degradation. For example, one of the key wetland sites in southern Africa, Walvis Bay in Namibia, has been subject to degradation and destruction due to the building of roads, disturbance from tourists and wetland reclamation for the development of suburbs and ports. In Ghana, wetlands are threatened by coastal erosion and developments that include drainage and wetland reclamation
The fraction of the population migrating via the east Atlantic is vulnerable to avian malaria and would be greatly threatened in case of an outbreak of this disease. The same applies to avian botulism, which the Kittlitz's plover is susceptible to.
References
External links
Kittlitz plover - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Kittlitz's plover
Birds of North Africa
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of Madagascar
Kittlitz's plover
Taxa named by Coenraad Jacob Temminck
The 2002–03 Women's National Cricket League season was the seventh season of the Women's National Cricket League, the women's domestic limited overs cricket competition in Australia. The tournament started on 9 November 2002 and finished on 18 January 2003. Victorian Spirit won the tournament for the first time after topping the ladder at the conclusion of the group stage and beating New South Wales Breakers by two games to zero in the finals series, ending the Breakers' six-tournament winning streak.
Ladder
Fixtures
1st final
2nd final
References
Women's National Cricket League seasons
Women's National Cricket League
William Lewis Carpenter (January 13, 1844 at Dunkirk, Chautauqua County, New York – July 10, 1898 at Madison Barracks, Jefferson County, New York) was a U.S. Army Officer, naturalist and a geologist who helped document the minerals and resources of the Black Hills of South Dakota which inadvertently led to the Great Sioux War of 1876.
Early career
During the American Civil War they served as a Midshipman in the U.S. Navy from 1861–1864. Wanting to see more action, they resigned from the Navy and joined the Army. They became a private in Battery "D" 2nd Artillery on July 29, 1864. They transferred to Battery "L" September 25, 1865. They served at the Siege of Petersburg, Virginia and with the Army of the Potomac. They made Corporal on September 28, 1866 and Sergeant on January 29, 1867.
After publication of several scientific articles, ranging in topic from naturalist to geological surveys, they were appointed a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army on April 5, 1867. They were assigned to the 9th Infantry Regiment and encouraged to continue their scientific research on the frontier.
Black Hills duty
In 1872–1874 as part of the 9th Infantry Regiment, Second Lieutenant Carpenter documented in a series of reports information of minerals, including gold, being seized from illegal miners and trespassers who were being ejected (See: Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868) from the Black Hills of South Dakota.
Carpenter was promoted to First Lieutenant for "exceptional duties" on December 31, 1873. Their and other reports lead to Custer's 1874 Black Hills Expedition that set out on July 2, 1874 and returned on August, 30, 1874. Listed as "Bill Louis (sic) carpenter" they briefed naturalist George Bird Grinnell and others for that expedition.
In 1875, Lt. Carpenter, under Colonel Richard Irving Dodge became part of the 1875 Newton-Jenney Party which was a scientific expedition sponsored by the United States Geological Survey to map the Black Hills of South Dakota. Lt. W. Carpenter was commended for their "exceptional diligence and scientific assistance" and that they "contributed greatly" to the 1880 Black Hills Geological report.
In 1876, Carpenter was recorded as a participant in the Battle of the Rosebud in Montana Territory on June 17, 1876 as First Lieutenant of Company G, 9th Infantry, in which 1,200 cavalrymen under General George Crook supported by 300 Crow (Absaroke) and Shoshone warriors were attacked by about 1,500 Sioux and Cheyenne warriors under Chief Crazy Horse.
Carpenter was second in command of Company G, 9th Infantry Regiment who was documented as "awaiting reinforcements after the Battle of the Rosebud" on June 20, 1876.
In 1877, under orders from General Philip Sheridan (later in 1883, Commanding General of the United States Army), Lt. William Lewis Carpenter made their final report on the "Geology and Natural History of the Big Horn Mountains." This report provided the economic reasons of the land and gold rush into the Black Hills of South Dakota 1873–1877, and was well received by the scientific community. Nominated by geologist W. P. Jenney, who encouraged them to go into academics, William L. Carpenter was elected a "Fellow" of the American Association for the Advancement of Science on September 4, 1877.
In 1880 they were enumerated in the U.S. federal census as a soldier in the unorganized territory of Nebraska. In 1882 they were listed as an officer of the Department of the Platte: "First Lieut. W. L. Carpenter, Ninth Infantry, Company B, Fort Niobrara."
Their later duties included scientific collections and observations.
Later career
Carpenter was promoted to Captain in 1887.
In 1892, after 37 years of service in the Civil War and Indian Wars, the 9th Infantry Regiment was transferred to routine garrison duty in Madison Barracks, New York.
In Feb 1894, Captain Carpenter was at Madison Barracks where they were appointed to serve on an Army court-martial: "A general court-martial is appointed to meet at Madison Barracks, New York, on Feb. 21, 1894. Detail...William L. Carpenter, Ninth Infantry..." The 9th Infantry's official 1909 history includes several mentions of their service.
Personal
Carpenter was the son of William Lewis Carpenter (Senior) (born July 17, 1813 in Batavia, New York, died in 1867) and Mamie Frances Bristol (born about 1813). They were the only son of three children. Their immigrant ancestry is from the Rehoboth Carpenter family through William Carpenter (born 1605 in England).
On March 12, 1878 Carpenter married Ann Curtis Steever, who was born ca. 1844 in New York. They had one child, a son, Marsh Steever Carpenter, born in 1883. In 1897 Carpenter joined the District of Columbia chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution. After their death from Bright's Disease on July 10, 1898 at Madison Barracks, their widow was appointed postmistress of Fort Myer, Arlington County, Virginia in 1899 as cited in The Washington Post, May 24, 1899: "Mrs. W. L. Carpenter, widow of the late Capt. Carpenter, Ninth United States Infantry, has been appointed postmistress at Fort Myer, Va. The office was sought for by numerous candidates, but Fourth Assistant Postmaster General Bristow decided to give the plum to Mrs. Carpenter. Them late husband died at Madison Barracks, N.Y., on July 10, 1898, after an illness of several months. They had a long record of honorable service, extending over more than thirty years." A detailed obituary issued as a military order is reproduced on pp. 848–849 in "The Carpenter Memorial". They and their wife are interred in Arlington National Cemetery.
See also
References
1844 births
1898 deaths
American geologists
Black Hills
Deaths from nephritis
American naturalists
People from Dunkirk, New York
Sons of the American Revolution
Union Army officers
United States Army officers
United States Navy midshipmen
Scientists from New York (state)
Union Navy officers
SYX may refer to:
IATA airport code for Sanya Phoenix International Airport
Skyway Airlines, airline code
Smalltalk YX, an open source implementation of the Smalltalk-80 programming language
Charles-André Doudin (born 12 September 1986) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.
Career
Born in Payerne, Doudin has played for Neuchâtel Xamax, Meyrin, Delémont, La Chaux-de-Fonds, Lugano and Biel-Bienne.
In December 2016 they signed a new contract with Neuchâtel Xamax, until 2019.
References
1986 births
Living people
Swiss footballers
Neuchâtel Xamax FCS players
SR Delémont players
FC La Chaux-de-Fonds players
FC Meyrin players
FC Lugano players
FC Biel-Bienne players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Association football midfielders
People from Payerne
Sportspeople from the canton of Vaud
Mathoor is a small village located near Omallur in the Pathanamthitta district of Kerala, India.
Religious Centres
Mathoorkavu Bhagavathi Kshethram
St. George Orthodox Church
St. George Malankara Catholic Church
Thumpinpadu Nagaraja Temple
Mahadeva Temple Puliparamala
References
Villages in Pathanamthitta district
Leonid Milov (Russian: Леонид Васильевич Милов; 28 July 1929, Moscow - 17 November 2007, Moscow) was a prominent Soviet and Russian historian. They worked at the Faculty of History in Lomonosov Moscow State University.
Life and works
Their primary scientific interests were history of serfdom and genesis of capitalism in the Russian Empire, but they also specialized in Russian medieval law and Byzantine law. Milov was a pioneer of cliometrics in Russia along with professor Ivan Kovalchenko and others. Author of more than 150 works, in 1998 they published their opus magnum - Russian Plowman and Special Aspects of Russian Historical Process. Having conducted a thorough research of Russian agriculture and peasant life in the 16th and 17th centuries they argued that Russian serfdom as economical institute was a "compensational mechanism for survival". Their works on Russian economic history are considered very important today.
In last years of their life, Milov was in charge of creating a completely new textbook on Russian history based on post-Soviet science. The result was a book in three volumes written by a collective of historians. It was published in 2006.
External links
Anton Gorsky in the Memory of Leonid Milov
A detailed biography on site of Faculty of History in Lomonosov Moscow State University
Full bibliography from 1957 to 2009
1929 births
2007 deaths
Königsfeld is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Khamagib (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 72 as of 2010.
Geography
Khamagib is located 45 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kudiyabor River. Enseruda and Amuarib are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Veshgan () may refer to:
Veshgan, Markazi
Henrik August Angell (22 August 1861 – 26 January 1922) was a Norwegian military officer, sportsman, and writer. They were a ski pioneer and the first Norwegian delegate to the International Olympic Committee.
Early life
Henrik Angell was born at Luster in Sogn og Fjordane and grew up in Bergen, Norway. They were the son of Johan Mølmann Anderson Lysholm Angell (1820–88) and their wife Marie With Bonnevie (1830–1904). They received an education at the Norwegian Military Academy and entered the Norwegian Army.
Military career
They were a colonel and regiment chief from 1911. They were commander leader of the Søndermør Infantry Regiment until 1914 and of the Smaalenene Infantry Regiment until 1918. They joined the French Foreign Legion in 1918, and participated on the Western Front for France in World War I. It was whilst they were deployed in Northern Russia that they had a severe case of frostbite, resulting in both of their feet and several fingers being amputated. They were appointed as an officer of the Legion of Honour for their service during the North Russia intervention.
Skiing and literary work
Angell was admitted to the skiing club SK Ull in 1898 and was a sports advocate.
They wrote several books promoting skiing and Norwegian nationalism. They also wrote a series of military history books.
Death and legacy
They died during 1922 in Kristiania (now Oslo), Norway. Their statue by Gustav Lærum is located at Holmenkollen in Oslo.
Selected works
Naar et lidet Folk kjæmper for Livet : serbiske Soldaterfortællinger (1914)
Gjennem Montenegro paa ski (1895)
De sorte fjeldes sønner (1896)
Kaptein Jürgensen og Leirdølerne hans (1901)
Et sterkt folk (1902)
Norges krigshistorie (1906)
Norsk Skilauparsoge (1908)
Syv-aars-krigen for 17. mai 1807–1814 (1914)
For Frankrigs ret og ære: fra den franske front (1918)
References
External links
1861 births
1922 deaths
People from Luster, Norway
Norwegian Army personnel
Norwegian sports executives and administrators
Norwegian explorers
Norwegian male skiers
Norwegian non-fiction writers
SK Ull members
Officers of the French Foreign Legion
Norwegian people of World War I
Recipients of the Norwegian Medal for Heroic Deeds in Gold
International Olympic Committee members
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1993:
1993
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1993 at HKcinemamagic.com
1993
Hong Kong
1993 in Hong Kong
Rudolf Komorous (born 8 December 1931, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-born Canadian composer. Their works include Twenty-Three Poems about Horses (1978), based on the poetry of Li Ho, the opera No no miya (1988) which uses elements of Noh theatre and the Li Ch'ing Chao Madrigals (1985).
References
1931 births
Canadian classical composers
Czech classical composers
Czech male classical composers
Living people
Czech opera composers
Male opera composers
Prague Conservatory alumni
Simon Fraser University faculty
University of Victoria faculty
A piazza is a city square in Italy, Malta, along the Dalmatian coast and in surrounding regions.
Piazza may also refer to:
People with the surname
Adeodato Giovanni Piazza (1884-1957), Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church
Callisto Piazza (1500–1561), Italian painter
Honey Piazza, American piano player
Ignatius Piazza (born 1960), founder and director of the Front Sight Firearms Training Institute
Luigi Piazza (1884–1967), Italian operatic baritone
Marguerite Piazza (1926-2012), American soprano and entertainer
Marzia Piazza (born 1951), Venezuelan beauty pageant titleholder
Michael S. Piazza, author and social justice advocate
Mike Piazza (born 1968), American former Major League Baseball catcher
Osvaldo Piazza (born 1947), Argentine football defender and manager
Roberto Dipiazza (born 1953), Italian mayor of Trieste
Rod Piazza (born 1947), American blues harmonica player and singer
Tim Piazza (19972017), American student killed in college fraternity hazing incident
Valeria Piazza (born 1989), Peruvian social communicator, model, and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Peru 2016 and Miss Universe 2016 semifinalist.
Vincent Piazza (born 1976), American actor
Wilson da Silva Piazza (born 1943), Brazilian football player
Places
Piazza al Serchio, Italian comune in Lucca, Tuscany
Piazza Armerina, Italian comune in Enna, Sicily
Piazza Brembana, Italian comune Bergamo, Lombardy
Suncorp Piazza, Australian multi-purpose venue in Brisbane
John Mackintosh Square, central town square in Gibraltar, colloquially known as The Piazza
Other uses
Isuzu Piazza, small sporty 3-door liftback coupé 1981–92
Piazza (web service), a social Q&A web service for classrooms
La Piazza, Italian folk music group
See also
The Piazza (disambiguation)
:Category:Piazzas in Italy
ArtePiazza, a video game company of Japan
Mike Piazza's Strike Zone, 1998 video game licensed by Major League Baseball
Musica in piazza, 1936 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli
The Light in the Piazza (novel), 1960, written by Elizabeth Spencer
The Light in the Piazza (musical)
The Light in the Piazza (film)
The Piazza Tales (1856), a collection of short stories by Herman Melville
L'Orchestra di Piazza Vittorio, Italian orchestra
Italian-language surnames
My Japanese Niece (, ) is a 2015 Japanese-Meitei bilingual film, directed by Mohen Naorem. It stars Junichi Kajioka and Yu Asada in lead roles.
The film has three major roles; the Japanese soldier (played by Junichi Kajioka), the Japanese niece named Asada (played by actor Yu Asada) and the adopted daughter.
The film featured 100 soldiers from the Royal Thai Army, who took the roles of the Japanese soldiers of the WWII.
Plot
Asada, a young Japanese lady, comes to Manipur to pay homage to their dead uncle, who died in the Battle of Imphal in 1944. In Manipur, they had a dream. In their dream, their uncle asked them to go to a village. But Asada discovered that a man who looked like their uncle had died a few months back. Asada decided to find out the truth. They discovered about the trials and problems faced by the Japanese soldiers in India. They also discovered many unpublished letters and diaries. Them findings helped them a lot to search for the truth.
Cast
Junichi Kajioka
Yu Asada
Shunsaku Kudo
Tomoko Hayakawa
Bala Hijam
Gokul Athokpam
Abenao Elangbam
Kaiku Rajkumar
Bijou Thaangjam
Randy Brown
Wungthingchon Raihing Shimray
Production
"My Japanese Niece" looked into a Japanese army's life after the battle.
Director Mohen Naorem was inspired by an earthquake that hit Japan in the year 2011. During the earthquake, the Japanese army played an important role in helping the victims. They believed that the film will expose the humanitarianism of the soldiers in the Battle of Imphal of 1944.
The shooting of the film was done in Bangkok (Thailand), Tokyo (Japan), Manipur (India) and some places of the Indo-Myanmar border.
See also
Imphal 1944
Japan Landa Imphal
References
External links
Battle of Imphal films
Japanese-Meitei culture
2010s Japanese-language films
Meitei-language films
Japanese war drama films
Indian World War II films
2010s Japanese films
Domenic Amodeo (born March 6, 1968 in Toronto, Canada) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. They played in the minor leagues and throughout Europe.
Career
Amodeo began their collegiate career in 1988 with the New Hampshire Wildcats. During their time in the Hockey East they were a prolific scorer, registering 167 points in 142 games over the four years they were with the program. In their senior year, Amodeo was named as both a Second Team All-American and a member of the Hockey East All-Tournament Team.
Upon graduating, Amodeo signed a professional contract with the Canadian National Team, who, at the time, played exhibition games across North America. The following season, Amodeo signed with the NHL's Boston Bruins, who assigned them to their AHL affiliate team, the Providence Bruins. They were only in Providence for 3 games however, before being reassigned to the Charlotte Checkers. Amodeo subsequently moved to Europe in order to play for Italian Serie A outfit HC Asiago. They remained in Italy the following season, playing for Como in Serie B where they had a career year. The following season, Amodeo moved to German 1st Liga 1. EV Weiden. Amodeo moved to Switzerland for the 1997–98 season, playing for Grasshopper Club Zurich of the NLB. They remained with the team the following season, before moving to HC Thurgau, also of the NLB for the 1999–00 season. They returned to Serie A the following season, with HC Merano.
The 2001-02 saw Amodeo begin with EHC Basel Dragons as injury cover for Steve Potvin who was out with a broken foot. Upon Potvin's return to the line up, Amodeo moved to the United Kingdom in order to play for the London Knights of the BISL, joining the team of transfer deadline day. Following the culmination of the British season, Amodeo retired from professional hockey.
Awards and achievements
NCAA (East) Second All-American Team (1992)
NCAA (Hockey East) All-Tournament Team (1992)
Career statistics
Regular season and play-offs
International
Post-playing career
Amodeo now runs the Olympic Hockey Academy, and has worked with several NHL players, including Robby Fabbri, and Ryan Strome.
References
Notes
External links
1968 births
Living people
Asiago Hockey 1935 players
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Canadian people of Italian descent
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Austria
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in England
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Italy
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Switzerland
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Charlotte Checkers (1993–2010) players
EHC Basel players
GCK Lions players
HC Merano players
HC Thurgau players
Ice Hockey Superleague players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
London Knights (UK) players
New Hampshire Wildcats men's ice hockey players
Providence Bruins players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
One human poll made up the 2010 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) football rankings, sometimes called the NAIA Coaches' Poll or the football ratings. Once the regular season was complete, the NAIA sponsored a 16-team playoff to determine the year's national champion. A final poll was then taken after completion of the 2010 NAIA Football National Championship.
Poll release dates
The poll release dates were:
April 19, 2010 (Spring)
August 9, 2010 (Preseason)
September 13, 2010
September 20, 2010
September 27, 2010
October 4, 2010
October 11, 2010
October 18, 2010
October 25, 2010
November 1, 2010
November 8, 2010
November 14, 2010 (Final)
January 10, 2011 (Postseason)
Week by week poll
Leading vote-getters
Since the inception of the Coaches' Poll in 1999, the #1 ranking in the various weekly polls has been held by only a select group of teams. Through the postseason poll of the 2010 season, the teams and the number of times they have held the #1 weekly ranking are shown below. The number of times a team has been ranked #1 in the postseason poll (the national champion) is shown in parentheses.
In 1999, the results of a postseason poll, if one was conducted, are not known. Therefore, an additional poll has been presumed, and the #1 postseason ranking has been credited to the postseason tournament champion, the Northwestern Oklahoma State Rangers.
References
Rankings
NAIA football rankings
Dominic Rau (born 29 November 1990) is a German footballer who most recently played for SC Hessen Dreieich.
Career
Bavaria Alzenau
On 27 September 2019 it was confirmed, that Rau had signed with FC Bayern Alzenau. In January 2020 29-year old Rau confirmed, that they would retire to complete their education as a police officer.
References
External links
Dominic Rau at Kicker
1990 births
Living people
German footballers
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
Hallescher FC players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
SC Hessen Dreieich players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Association football central defenders
Kanhchriech (, ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province in southeastern Cambodia.
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Evacuation immediate (SAME code: EVI) is a warning issued through the Emergency Alert System (EAS) in the United States to notify the public of a mandatory evacuation due to a wildfire, approaching hurricane, or an imminent explosion due to a gas leak. It is typically issued by a local or state authority and is relayed by the National Weather Service. The warning can replace a Civil Emergency Message, Fire Warning, or other warnings when required.
Weather radio receivers, EAS Equipment boxes, and TV scrolls will display EVI alerts as immediate evacuation, and any text-to-speech voices from the EAS boxes will read the alert as "immediate evacuation" rather than "evacuation immediate"..
Example of a NWS issued evacuation immediate
MIC133-211815-
BULLETIN - EAS ACTIVATION REQUESTED
EVACUATION IMMEDIATE
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT
RELAYED BY NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE GRAND RAPIDS MI
1001 AM EST WED NOV 21 2012
THE FOLLOWING MESSAGE IS TRANSMITTED AT THE REQUEST OF OSCEOLA
COUNTY EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT.
EVART FIRE DEPARTMENT IS DIRECTING CITIZENS AND RESIDENTS IN THE
AREA OF U.S. 10 AND 60TH AVENUE TO AVOID TRAVEL ALONG U.S. 10 NEAR
THE AREA...AND FOR RESIDENTS WITHIN 1/2 MILE OF 60TH AVENUE AND
U.S. 10 TO LEAVE THEIR HOMES AS A RESULT OF A FUEL TRUCK ACCIDENT.
A TEMPORARY RECEPTION CENTER HAS BEEN ESTABLISHED AT THE EVART
HOUSING COMMISSION LOCATED AT 601 WEST 1ST STREET IN THE CITY OF
EVART. STAY TUNED TO MEDIA SOURCES SUCH AS LOCAL
TELEVISION...RADIO...AND NOAA WEATHER RADIO FOR FURTHER
INSTRUCTIONS AND ISSUANCE OF AN CLEAR MESSAGE. FURTHER
INFORMATION CAN BE OBTAINED BY DIALING 2 1 1.
$$
References
https://www.weather.gov/help-map
https://www.weather.gov/lub/nonweathercemdescriptions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBN4nAyGk5A
National Weather Service
Warning systems
Thailand Practical Shooting Association (THPSA) (สมาคมกีฬายิงปืนรณยุทธแห่งประเทศไทย) is the Thai association for practical shooting under the International Practical Shooting Confederation.
External links
Official homepage of Thailand Practical Shooting Association
References
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Sports governing bodies in Thailand
Sports organizations established in 1986
1986 establishments in Thailand
Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya () also known as KLTA, is an Indian 2013 Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by KS Manikandan. It stars Santhanam, Srinivasan, newcomer Sethu and Vishakha Singh. The film marked Santhanam's venture into film production with their Handmade Films. The film was co-produced by Rama Narayanan while S. Thaman scored the film soundtrack. The plot revolves around three friends who fall for the same girl, who has just moved into their neighbourhood. The movie released on 13 January 2013 to positive reviews and became a blockbuster and pongal winner of 2013 at the box office. The movie is based on Indru Poi Naalai Vaa by K. Bhagyaraj.
Plot
Shiva, Kaalkattu Kaliyaperumal (KK), and Power Kumar (Power) are three friends with no occupation other than getting drunk and chasing girls. A girl named Sowmiya moves in with their family to the house opposite Shiva. The three friends fall for the girl's beauty and make a gentlemen's agreement to let the girl choose their boyfriend. The three attempt different methods to woo them Shiva helps Sowmiya's aunt in household work; KK joins Sowmiya's uncle to learn singing; Power joins Sowmiya's father to learn Bharatanatyam.
One day, when none of Sowmiya's family members are home, the three eventually profess their love, leaving Sowmiya confused. Following the advice of their neighbour, Sowmiya reveals to all three that they love actor Simbu. The neighborhood boys then decide to bring Simbu as a gift for Sowmiya's birthday, but Simbu says they do not know anyone named Sowmiya. They then hire a thug named "Kolaveri" David to kidnap Simbu, but they kidnap Sowmiya instead when they learn they are supposed to kidnap Simbu. As Simbu refuses to help them, Shiva, KK and Power go and save Sowmiya from David, and they fall in love with Shiva, because Power and KK had earlier beaten Sowmiya's uncle and father severely; they later marry.
Cast
Santhanam as Kaalkattu Kaliyaperumal (KK)
Srinivasan as Power Kumar (Power)
Sethu as Shiva
Vishakha as Soumya
VTV Ganesh as Krishnamoorthi
Kovai Sarala as Sowmiya's aunt
K. Sivasankar as Sowmiya's father
Pattimandram Raja as Shiva's father
Vanitha Krishnachandran as Shiva's mother
Devadarshini as Shiva and Sowmiya's neighbour
Ganeshkar as Auto Driver
Swaminathan as Shiva and Sowmiya's neighbour
Lollu Sabha Manohar as Ad Film Actor
K. Bujji Babu as Power Kumar's Father
Stunt Silva as Kolaveri David
Master Ananthu as Soumya's brother
Kanakarajsamy as Double-decker Narayanan
Cameo Appearances
Ashwanth Thilak (in the song "Hey Unnathan")
Balasubramaniem (in the song "Hey Unnathan")
Gautham Vasudev Menon as a fictional version of themselves
Robert (in the song "Aasaiye Alai Poley")
Simbu as a fictional version of themselves
Soundtrack
The music was composed by S. Thaman. The audio was released on 10 December 2012. The notable guests of the audio function were director Shankar, Simbu, actor-producer Udhayanidhi Stalin and director Rajesh to name a few.
The soundtrack features a remixed version of the song Aasaiyae Alaipolae from the 1958 movie Thai Pirandhal Vazhi Pirakkum, composed by K. V. Mahadevan and sang by Thiruchi Loganathan.
Musicperk.com rated the album 7/10 stating, "The composer Thaman has done a credible job to make sure the album's genre is met with properly".
Release
Prior to its 13 January 2013 release, filmmaker K. Bhagyaraj filed a suit against the film stating that it used the same storyline as their 1981 film Indru Poi Naalai Vaa. They also accused the makers of falsely claiming to have acquired the rights from their film. It was later announced that the film, upon orders of a high court, would acknowledge both Bhagyaraj and their Indru Poi Naalai Vaa story in the credits.
Critical reception
Vivek Ramz from in.com rated it 3.5 out of 5 and stated that KLTA is a perfect Pongal treat for the family thanks to its clean humour. "Go watch it and have a blast!" N. Venkateswaran from The Times of India also gave it 3.5 out of 5 saying "Manikandan has now carved out a name for themselves in the Tamil film industry" Sify also gave it three stars writing, "Gags galore, Laughs. This one's strictly for Kollywood junkies whose funny bones are easy to tickle", and called the film a "Jolly fun ride". Oneindia.in said "Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya is a fun ride." In contrast, Behindwoods rated the film 2.5 out of 5, but said, "Replete with humor, KLTA offers what it is set out for-gives an unabashed hilarious 140 minutes" and gave the verdict that it was "an enjoyable fun ride for the festive season". Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu said that the film was "a light-hearted fun film for the festive season, if you don't mind the crassness, that is!" and found many similarities to older films with the idea of several men trying to woo a girl already present in Uththaravindri Ullae Vaa.
References
External links
2013 romantic comedy films
2013 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Films scored by Thaman S
Indian romantic comedy films
Films involved in plagiarism controversies
Tanjong (Malaysian for "cape" or "headland"), alternatively spelled Tanjung, may refer to:
Tanjong, investment company of Malaysia
George Town, Penang (old name: Tanjong Penaga)
Tanjong Pagar, a district in Singapore
Constituencies in Malaysia:
Tanjong (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Tanjong Barat (state constituency), formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly (1959–74)
Tanjong Selatan (state constituency), formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly (1959–74)
Tanjong Tengah (state constituency), formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly (1959–74)
Tanjong Utara (state constituency), formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly (1959–74)
Tanjong East (settlement constituency), formerly represented in the Penang Settlement Council (1955–59)
Tanjong West (settlement constituency), formerly represented in the Penang Settlement Council (1955–59)
Tanjong, another name for the Austronesian tilted square sail
See also
Tanjung (disambiguation)
The chestnut weaver (Ploceus rubiginosus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in eastern and south-western Africa.
References
External links
Chestnut weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Chestnut weaver - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
chestnut weaver
Birds of East Africa
Birds of Southern Africa
chestnut weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1952 Washington Senators won 78 games, lost 76, and finished in fifth place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Charlotte
External links
1952 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1952 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
Benedetto Bonazzi (Marigliano, 12 October 1840 – Benevento, 23 April 1915) was a Catholic archbishop and Italian Hellenist
Biography
Bonazzi was the second of six children of Count Nicola, lord of San Nicandro and Adelaide Sorrentino of the lords of Pomigliano. At the age of seven they were admitted to the Benedictine abbey of La Trinità della Cava in Cava de' Tirreni and on 6 November 1849 they became part of the cloistered community there. They studied at the school of the Santissima Trinità of Cava de' Tirreni and was named as a novice of Montacassino on 15 August 1859.
Bonazzi specialised in the study of Ancient Greek and Latin. On 19 December 1863 they were ordained at Naples by Bishop Tommaso Michele Salzano. They graduated from their studies on 12 December 1865 at the University of Naples. As a philosopher, orator and writer they were member of several academies and cultural associations.
On 27 November 1872 Bonazzi was named professor of the University of Naples, but they refused the position, preferring the school of Badia cavense, which they put in charge of in 1878, as its prefect. Bonazzi's principle interest was pedagogy. They sought to reform the system of Greek teaching in schools. They were the author of numerous scholarly texts, which inspired new methods of teaching. One of their works was commended by the 7th Italian Pedagogical congress. Their most important work, which received acclaim across Europe, remains the Dizionario greco-italiano, which was in print from 1880 to 1927 with twenty-five editions, by the publishers, Morano di Napoli.
Simultaneously, Bonazzi's ecclesiastical career continued. In 1892 they became Vicar general of the diocese of Badia Cavense. At the death of the abbot Michele Morcaldi, on 7 March 1894, Pope Leo XIII appointed them abbot of the Cavense monastery. Subsequently, at the death of cardinal Donato Maria Dell'Olio, archbishop of Benevento, Leo XIII consecrated them as the replacement, on 9 June 1902. On 11 June they were ordained at the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls and they took possession of the archdiocese of Benevento on 24 August.
After around thirteen years of episcopal government and a final Lenten sermon, Bonazzi fell ill and died during the vigil for their elevation to the rank of cardinal, which Pope Benedict XV had ordained for him. They were buried in the church of St Clementina at Benevento.
Sources
Simeone Leone, "Dalla fondazione del cenobio al secolo XVI," in La badia di Cava, edizioni Di Mauro – Cava de' Tirreni, 1985
Gerardo Bianco, , Dizionario Biografico degli Italiani – Volume XI (1969), Istituto dell'Enciclopedia italiana Treccani
Ferdinando Grassi – I pastori della cattedra beneventana, tip. Auxiliatrix, Benevento, 1969
Bonazzi ‹-zzi›, Benedetto, Enciclopedia Biografica Universale, Istituto dell'Enciclopedia italiana Treccani
1840 births
1915 deaths
Archbishops of Benevento
Scholars of Ancient Greek
Italian lexicographers
Italian Benedictines
People from Marigliano
The Sieberstollen is an adit (German: Wasserlösungsstollen) for water drainage in Sankt Andreasberg, in the Harz mountains. It was created during mining in the Upper Harz and named after the river Sieber into which it discharges its water. The opening position is in the Sieber Valley.
The first 11.7 km of the 13.1 km adit forms part of the Upper Harz Water Regale and has been declared UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2010.
History
In the beginning of the 18th century the 25 mines in Sankt Andreasberg had their highest output and the deepest drainage adit Grünhirscher Stollen had reached its limit.
Construction and Operation
In 1716 the construction of the Sieberstollen had begun at the base of the Sieberberg mountain. The adit was driven through from two ends with hammer and pick only supported by four lightholes. When the first phase of construction had finished the adit had an overall length of 3530 m.
Expansion
In the following years the adit was expanded and connected to other mines. In 1804 it was connected to the Wennsglückt pit.
To raise the water from adits beneath the level of the Sieberstollen flatrot systems driven by water wheels up to 12 m were used. Two of them were in the Samson Pit beneath the Sieberstollen.
Current use
In 1910 mining activities in Sankt Andreasberg were stopped. All constructions beneath the Sieberstollen were flooded.
Two years later a hydroelectric power station was installed 190 m beneath ground in the Samson Pit. It is one of two underground power stations in that pit which generate electricity from the waters of the Oderteich. The Sieberstollen is discharging its water into the Sieber.
Until now the Sieberstollen is the deepest draining adit in Sankt Andreasberg.
The water here is said to have Hallucinogenic effects.
References
Mining in the Harz
Sankt Andreasberg
Upper Harz Water Regale
Energy Probe is a non-governmental social, economic, and environmental policy organization based in Toronto, Canada known for denying human-made climate change.
It was founded in 1970 as a sister project of Pollution Probe. In 1980, the two organizations formally separated and the Energy Probe Research Foundation (EPRF) was created, describing itself as "one of Canada's largest independent think tanks, with 17 public policy researchers", focusing "on the economic, environmental, and social impacts of the use and production of energy." After its separation and incorporation, and led from then on by Lawrence Solomon, EPRF began to accept funding from the oil and gas industry, and, in 1983, began a campaign "to educate Canadians to the social, environmental and economic benefits of less regulation in the petroleum field." In the 1980s, the organization was also responsible for a proposal to dismantle the province of Ontario's publicly owned electricity utility, Ontario Hydro, in favour of privatization.
The organization is also well known for its anti-nuclear energy stance, opposing nuclear energy production in Canada, especially in the case of nuclear plants in Ontario, on the grounds that nuclear power production is uneconomic.
Additional divisions within Energy Probe are the Urban Renaissance Institute, Probe International, Environment Probe, the Environmental Bureau of Investigation, and the Consumer Policy Institute.
Views on global warming and climate change
EPRF argues that "the science behind competing theories of global warming is not yet settled", stating that "global cooling" is on the rise, that climate change is surrounded by "clouds of conspiracy", and that climate science is "corrupt" and the "greatest scientific fraud of the century". EPRF also argues that fossil fuels, especially gasoline, shale oil, natural gas, and coal, are clean and environmentally beneficial choices, putting it at odds with expected notions of environmental organizations.
Founder (and National Post columnist) Lawrence Solomon published a series of columns and a book in 2008 titled "The Deniers: The World Renowned Scientists Who Stood Up Against Global Warming Hysteria, Political Persecution, and Fraud" naming 37 climate scientists and authors as "climate change skeptics" or "climate deniers". Several of these scientists and authors published their rejection of this characterization of their views, among them Sami Solanki of the Max Planck Institute, Nigel Weiss of the University of Cambridge, and Carl Wunsch of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The National Post, on the urging of Professor Nigel Weiss, later issued a retraction and apology for the allegations made in the column.
Founder Lawrence Solomon was a speaker at the conservative and libertarian public policy think tank The Heartland Institute's 2009 International Conference on Climate Change. The Heartland Institute holds similarly skeptical views about human-made climate change and related global warming, stating that the claims that global warming is a crisis are unscientific and delusional. Solomon remains on the rolls of the Heartland Institute as a policy expert.
EPRF has also been critical of the Kyoto Protocol as well as of the Paris Accords.
Funding
The EPRF is a registered Canadian charity. Apart from donated income, it receives all of the profits of its "non-profit" organic coffee company and cafe in Toronto, Green Beanery. The cafe opened in 2008 and closed in March 2020; the online business is to continue. In 2012, the EPRF brought in $1.3 million in non-donation revenue.
See also
Anti-nuclear movement in Canada
Free-market environmentalism
Pollution Probe
References
External links
Official website
Energy Probe Blog
Environmental organizations based in Ontario
Climate change denial
Organizations based in Toronto
This is a list of Psittaciformes species by global population. While numbers are estimates, they have been made by the experts in their fields. For more information on how these estimates were ascertained, see Wikipedia's articles on population biology and population ecology.
This list is not comprehensive, as not all Psittaciformes have had their numbers quantified. All numbers, unless explicitly stated otherwise in the notes, regard individuals in the wild only.
Species by global population
See also
Lists of birds by population
Lists of organisms by population
References
Birds
Psittaciformes
Brady Allen Toops (born July 31, 1981) is an American musician, songwriter and a former baseball player. Their debut album, Brady Toops, was released in 2013. Their second album, Tried & True, was released in 2017. They appeared on the eleventh season of ABC's The Bachelorette.
Early life
Toops was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on 31 July 1981, to educators George Toops Jr. and Kim Toops. They grew up in New London. They attended the New London-Spicer High School, and graduated in 2000. In 2000, Toops was among the twenty-five senior High School students who were awarded the Scholar Athlete Milk Mustache of the Year (SAMMY) award. They received a $7,500 college scholarship and was featured in USA Today.
They studied Marketing at the University of Arkansas and graduated in 2004.
Career
Baseball
Toops was recruited by Harvard, Minnesota, and Arkansas. They chose to play for the University of Arkansas. They played four years as a catcher with the Razorbacks, and had been named a captain of the team in 2003, until they were selected in the Major League Baseball draft of 2004 in the 10th round by the St. Louis Cardinals. Their stint in the minor leagues would only last three years, when they stopped playing after the 2006 season.
Music
Toops' music career began in 2007. Their first release was with the single, Can't Stop Lovin''', which was released independently, in 2010. Their next single, "A Little Love", came out in 2011, while the single, "Lord Have Mercy", was released the following year. The first extended play, A Little Love, was released by Underspoken Records, in 2012. Their first studio album, Brady Toops, was released by Underspoken Records, on August 27, 2013.
Podcast
They host To Unravel with Brady Toops podcast. They also curate Soul Games a 12-week personal development program.
Personal life
In 2015, they competed in Season 11 of The Bachelorette, with Britt Nilsson and Kaitlyn Bristowe
Toops lives in Nashville, Tennessee.
Discography
Studio albums
Tried & True (2017) Brady Toops (August 27, 2013, Underspoken)
EPs
A Little Love (2012, Underspoken)
SinglesCan't Stop Lovin' (2010, Independent)''
References
External links
Official website
1981 births
Living people
American performers of Christian music
Musicians from Minneapolis
Musicians from Arkansas
Musicians from Nashville, Tennessee
Songwriters from Minnesota
Songwriters from Arkansas
Songwriters from Tennessee
KVOV (90.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Carbondale, Colorado. The station is owned by Colorado Public Radio (CPR), and airs CPR's "Classical Music" network, originating from KVOD in Denver, Colorado.
Translators
The station's signal is relayed by the following translator stations.
External links
cpr.org
VOV
VOV
Classical music radio stations in the United States
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 1964
Paweł Dadlez (1 February 1904 – 18 May 1940) was a Polish painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were killed during World War II.
References
External links
1904 births
1940 deaths
20th-century Polish painters
20th-century Polish male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Place of birth missing
Polish male painters
Polish people who died in the Holocaust
Polish civilians killed in World War II
Dirk Poot (born 1968) is a Dutch programmer and politician who is a former lijsttrekker and spokesperson for the board of the Pirate Party of the Netherlands. Poot was the lijsttrekker of the Dutch Pirate Party for the Dutch parliamentary elections in 2012 and fourth on the list for the Pirate Party in the 2010 Dutch parliamentary elections.
Personal life
Poot studied business administration in Breukelen and medicine in Sint Eustatius.
They currently reside close to Breda in the Netherlands.
Professional work
Poot is a self-employed computer programmer, focusing on medical and education software. They have previously worked as a physician.
Political activities
When they were younger, Poot was a member of the Jongerenorganisatie Vrijheid en Democratie (JOVD), the youth organization of the main Dutch conservative party, the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).
They have been blogging about democracy, privacy, and medical issues since 2005. They have written about collection and storage of sensitive information in government databases, in particular the Electronic Patient Record (EPR).
Dutch Pirate Party
Poot has been active with the Pirate Party since late 2009. They joined the party after discovering it through IRC while blogging about Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement.
They were fourth on the list for the Pirate Party in the 2010 Dutch parliamentary elections. Since 2011, they have been a member of the board of the Dutch Pirate Party, and the board's spokesperson since December 2011. In the 2012 parliamentary elections in the Netherlands, they were the first candidate of the Dutch Pirate Party.
References
External links
Dirk Poot's bio on Dutch Pirate Party website
1968 births
Living people
Pirate Party (Netherlands) politicians
Dutch computer programmers
Politicians from Utrecht (city)
Giuseppe Messina (born 12 February 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Enna Calcio.
Biography
Messina was a youth product of Calcio Catania. Messina was a player of their under-15 team in 2007–08 season. After a loan to Milazzo, Messina returned to Catania. They served as the backup keeper of the first team, as well as the first choice of the reserve team, as one of the four overage player.
On 28 July 2013 Messina was signed by Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Pro Patria, in a co-ownership deal. At the same time the club sold keeper Andrea Sala to Ternana in a temporary deal. Messina played 11 games in 2013–14 Lega Pro Prima Divisione season, while Ivano Feola played 19 times. In June 2014 the co-ownership was renewed.
However, on 22 July 2014 Messina was signed by Reggiana in a three-year contract, one day after the signing of Feola. The club also sold Sala to Ternana on 25 July, which Reggiana signed Sala on 1 July. Once again, Messina was an understudy of Feola.
In 2015–16 season Messina was released.
On 1 August 2018, they joined Serie C club Siracusa. In October 2019, Messina joined Enna Calcio.
References
External links
AIC profile (data by football.it)
1993 births
Sportspeople from the Province of Enna
Footballers from Sicily
Living people
Italian footballers
Catania S.S.D. players
S.S. Milazzo players
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Association football goalkeepers
Siracusa Calcio players
People from Enna
Edmund Concanon was Irish solicitor and town commissioner from 1816–1902.
Concanon was reputedly descended from the kings of Uí Díarmata. By the 18th century their property was much reduced, and they converted from Catholicism to the established Protestant church. In this was they held onto to remain of the property in the parish of Killascobe; Concanon's father named the family home "Waterloo" in commemoration of Wellington's victory.
Because they were a younger son, Concanon did not inherit the family property. They gained employment at the ecclesiastical court of Archbishop Trench in Tuam. In time they acquired properties themselves around the town. They set up business as a land agent at The Mall in the early 1850s and within ten years began practising in the local courts. In this capacity, they defended the Fenian, Michael Fahy (Fenian), in 1865. They were also a defence solicitor in the Maamtrasna murders case in 1882.
They married a Roman Catholic, Catherine Parsons of Dublin. The first child was baptised as a Catholic, but the following nine were raised Protestant.
Concanon was a member of the town's cricket club (the town ran two teams), spoke Irish and was a noted step-dancer. On their death they were interred in the family vault at Killascobe.
References
People from County Galway
Child Evangelism Fellowship (CEF) is an international interdenominational Christian nonprofit organization founded by Jesse Irvin Overholtzer (1877-1955) in 1937, headquartered in Warrenton, Missouri, United States. The organization lists its purpose as teaching the Christian Gospel to children and encouraging children's involvement in local Christian churches. It has programs established in all US states and 192 countries, with 733 full-time workers in the US, an estimated 40,000 volunteers in the US and Canada, and over 1,200 missionaries overseas, approximately 1,000 of them national workers, individuals trained with CEF but are local to the country of their service. During the reporting year ending December 2014, they reported teaching more than 19.9 million children, mostly through face-to-face ministry. CEF is a charter member of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability (ECFA).
CEF branched to Europe in 1947 when Bernard and Harriet Swanson (from the USA) began work in Gothenburg, Sweden. CEF soon spread across Europe, most notably in (Northern) Ireland from 1950. The Headquarters of CEF Europe are in Germany, with its missionaries trained at different centres across Europe.
Elk River case
In 2007-2008, Elk River, Minnesota's board of education prohibited Child Evangelism Fellowship from distributing materials during open houses in that district's schools. CEF took the matter to the U.S. District Court, where in February, 2009, Judge Ann Montgomery ruled that the school district's order deprived CEF of its freedom of speech rights. They went on to say that the school district could still prevent the group from distributing materials if it adopted a policy of closing the schools to all such groups, which the school district did in March, 2009.
Criticism
In their 2012 book The Good News Club: The Christian Right's Stealth Assault on America's Children, journalist Katherine Stewart criticizes various practices of the Good News Club after-school Bible study program, including young participants being rewarded for recruiting friends of other faiths and denominations whose parents have not enrolled them in the program. They also claimed in an article in The Guardian that the lesson plan for the Old Testament narrative in 1 Samuel 15, describing the divinely-ordered slaughter of the Amalekites, is used to justify genocide. However, CEF President Reese Kaufmann responded to their accusations in a letter, stating:
Kaufman's response elicited the following rebuttal:
See also
References
External links
CEF official website
Christian organizations based in the United States
Youth organizations based in Missouri
Christian organizations established in 1937
1937 establishments in Missouri
Evangelism
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Florennes. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Florennes
Florennes
Poldine is an antimuscarinic that is used to treat peptic ulcers.
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Pyrrolidines
Tertiary alcohols
Carboxylate esters
Myripristis murdjan is a species of soldierfish found in the Indo-Pacific.
References
External links
murdjan
Fish described in 1775
Taxa named by Peter Forsskål
The community of Sheffield is located in western Davie County, North Carolina, United States. It is in Clarksville Township on the edge of Calahaln Township. Sheffield is located at .
History
Thomas Madison Smith was the only postmaster for the Sheffield Post Office starting from February 1, 1893 until January 2, 1907 when the
post office was discontinued. The post office was also a store supposedly built before 1894. Where the name came from has apparently been lost to history. A mercantile was opened in 1948 by Wade and JT Smith, along with a furniture and upholstery business. *** To be verified- Sheffield was named after the original family to settle in the area. The family was originally from Sheffield England and settled in North Carolina. From there, due to the Civil War, the founding family dispersed to Alabama, Texas and Florida. It is believed that General Sherman's southern march and swath of destruction was the catalyst for the family moving.
Sheffield today
Sheffield-Calahaln Volunteer Fire Department is the center of the community as in many rural parts of North Carolina. The Community Center is available for public use. Sheffield Pallet Company is the only active business today, but the Sheffield music hall opened by John Henry and Ethel Reeves opens sporadically and attracts fans of bluegrass and square dance music. The local weekly newspaper, The Davie County Enterprise-Record, features a Sheffield-Calahaln news column each week that highlights current events and other community information.
Unincorporated communities in Davie County, North Carolina
Populated places established in 1893
Unincorporated communities in North Carolina
I'm Your Girl is the debut studio album by South Korean girl group S.E.S., released by S.M. Entertainment on November 1, 1997. It sold approximately 650,000 copies. It spawned two singles: "I'm Your Girl" and "Oh, My Love".
Release and promotion
S.E.S. is one of South Korea's first generation K-pop idol groups. Under S.M. Entertainment's management, it was produced wholly by Lee Soo-man. Its original release was on King Records with subsequent releases by Synnara Records.
The lead single, title track "I'm Your Girl" features rapping by Eric Mun and Andy Lee prior to their debut with Shinhwa. The music video remained one of the most requested ones on popular music shows for 13 to 14 weeks. It collected four music show wins on the programs Live Young Times and Inkigayo. In 2001, the song was included on S.M. Entertainment's compilation album, SM Best Album 2. It was also included on their 2003 Japanese release of Korean songs, Beautiful Songs. A remixed version, featuring Japanese rapper Kreva, then a member of Kick the Can Crew, was included on the group's second single in Japan.
A second single, "Oh, My Love", was released in March 1998. It achieved the top spot on Inkigayo on April 12, 1998.
Critical reception
The album sold steadily over time. In total, it sold approximately 650,000 physical copies.
According to MTV Korea, "I'm Your Girl" "quickly became the Korean schoolgirl anthem, and remains a staple song for young girls in love." It has been performed on television by modern idol groups such as Girls' Generation, and a parody version of its music video was created by boy group EXO.
Track listing
Notes
"('Cause) I'm Your Girl" features uncredited rap vocals from Andy Lee and Eric Mun.
"Thy Fragrance" features Eric Mun despite no credit given, and is a remake of the 1995 song with the same title by Yoo Young-jin.
References
External links
S.E.S.' official site
1997 debut albums
S.E.S. (group) albums
SM Entertainment albums
The following is a list of Teen Choice Award winners and nominees for Choice Summer Music Star: Male. It was first introduced in 2010.
Winners and nominees
References
Summer Music Star Male
Music Star Male
Ballard County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,728. Its county seat is Wickliffe. The county was created by the Kentucky State Legislature in 1842 and is named for Captain Bland Ballard, a soldier, statesman, and member of the Kentucky General Assembly. Ballard County is part of the Paducah, KY-IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Ballard County was formed from portions of Hickman County and McCracken County. It was named for Bland Ballard (1761–1853), a Kentucky pioneer and soldier who served as a scout for General George Rogers Clark during the American Revolutionary War, and later commanded a company during the War of 1812. On February 17, 1880, the courthouse was destroyed by a fire, which also destroyed most of the county's early records. The county seat was transferred from Blandville to Wickliffe in 1882.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (9.9%) is water.
State protected area
Axe Lake Swamp State Nature Preserve is a nature preserve located in Ballard County, in the Barlow Bottoms. The preserve is part of the Axe Lake Swamp wetlands complex which supports at least eight rare plant and animal species. The site has been recognized as a priority wetland in the North American Waterfowl Management Plan.
Adjacent counties
Pulaski County, Illinois (north) – across the Ohio River
McCracken County (east)
Carlisle County (south)
Mississippi County, Missouri (southwest) – across the Mississippi River
Alexander County, Illinois (west) – across the Ohio River
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,286 people, 3,395 households, and 2,413 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,837 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.32% White, 2.87% Black or African American, 0.08% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.08% from other races, and 1.44% from two or more races. 0.63% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 3,395 households, out of which 30.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.60% were married couples living together, 8.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.90% were non-families. 25.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.85.
The age distribution was 23.10% under the age of 18, 7.60% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 25.40% from 45 to 64, and 16.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,130, and the median income for a family was $41,386. Males had a median income of $32,345 versus $20,902 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,035. About 10.70% of families and 13.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.30% of those under age 18 and 15.40% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Voter registration
Statewide elections
Communities
Cities
Barlow
Blandville
Kevil
LaCenter
Wickliffe
Census-designated places
Bandana
Lovelaceville
Other unincorporated communities
Monkey's Eyebrow
New York
Ingleside, Kentucky
Notable people
Morris E. Crain, Medal of Honor recipient for their bravery during World War II
Kenny Rollins, an American basketball player who was a member of the University of Kentucky's "Fab Five" who won the 1948 NCAA Championship, the 1948 gold medal-winning U.S. Olympic Team, and the NBA's Chicago Stags and Boston Celtics
Oscar Turner (1825–1896), state senator, U. S. representative and namesake of Oscar, Kentucky
Earl Grace, Major League Baseball catcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Phillies, and Chicago Cubs
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ballard County, Kentucky
References
1842 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1842
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Paducah micropolitan area
Kentucky counties on the Mississippi River
This article is about the demographic features of the population of Vietnam, including population density, ethnicity, education level, health of the populace, economic status, religious affiliations and other aspects of the population.
Originating in northern Vietnam, the Vietnamese people pushed southward over two millennia to occupy the entire eastern seacoast of the Indochinese Peninsula. Ethnic Vietnamese, or Viet (known officially as Kinh), live in the lowlands and speak the Vietnamese language, as opposed to the many ethnic groups of Vietnam who are known to occupy the mountainous regions. The Kinh group does represent much of the cultural and political landscape of Vietnam.
Population
Historic estimates
UN estimates
Population pyramids
Source:
Vital statistics
UN estimates of births and deaths
Birth, death and fertility rates
The total fertility rate of Vietnam has been influenced by the government's family planning policy, the two-child policy.
Source: General Statistics Office of Vietnam.
Fertility rate by region and province
Source: General Statistics Office of Vietnam.
Ethnic groups
The Vietnamese government recognizes 54 ethnic groups, of which the Viet (Kinh) is the largest; according to official Vietnamese figures (2019 census), ethnic Vietnamese account for 85.32% of the nation's population and the non-Vietnamese ethnic groups account for the remaining percent. The ethnic Vietnamese inhabit a little less than half of Vietnam, while the ethnic minorities inhabit the majority of Vietnam's land (albeit the least fertile parts of the country).
The relation between China and Vietnam also declined following reunification in 1975, with Vietnam siding with the Soviet Union against China in the Chinese-Soviet split. Tensions peaked when Vietnam and Cambodia started a war, Cambodia lead by Pol Pot being a Chinese ally, resulting in a Chinese invasion of Vietnam in 1979. In 1978-79, some 450,000 ethnic Chinese left Vietnam by boat as refugees (many officially encouraged and assisted) or were expelled across the land border with China. In recent years the government has performed an about turn and is encouraging overseas Hoa to return and invest, but the ethnic Chinese population has been in continuous decline since the 1970s due to assimilation and low birth rates.
The central highland peoples commonly termed Degar or Montagnards (mountain people) comprise two main ethnolinguistic groups--Malayo-Polynesian and Mon–Khmer. About 30 groups of various cultures and dialects are spread over the highland territory.
Other minority groups include the Cham—remnants of the once-mighty Champa Kingdom, conquered by the Vietnamese in the 15th century, Hmong, and Thái.
Language
Vietnamese is the official language of the country. It belongs to the Austroasiatic language family, which also includes languages such as Khmer and Mon. Vietnamese was spoken by 85-90 million people in Vietnam at the 1999 census. In the early 21st century, around another four million Vietnamese speakers are found outside of Vietnam, mostly refugees from the Vietnam-American War. Thus Vietnamese is the most spoken language of the Austroasiatic family, being spoken by three times more people than the second most spoken language of the family, Khmer. Both languages, however, are extremely different: Vietnamese is a tonal, monosyllabic language while Khmer has remained non-tonal. Vietnamese was heavily influenced by Chinese, with up to around 50-70% words having Chinese origins, whilst Khmer was heavily influenced by Sanskrit and Pali, uses a abugida writing system, and has a great part of its vocabulary originating from Indian languages. Since the early 20th century, the Vietnamese have used a Romanized script introduced by the French, developed by Jesuit missionaries led by Alexandre de Rhodes and later on, refined by Vietnamese scholars to produce what is now known as the Vietnamese alphabet.
Religions
According to the 2019 Census, the religious demographics of Vietnam are as follows:
86.32% Vietnamese folk religion or non religious
6.1% Catholicism
4.79% Buddhism (mainly Mahayana)
1.02% Hoahaoism
1% Protestantism
<1% Caodaism
0.77 Others
It is worth noting here that the data is highly skewered, as a large majority of Vietnamese may declare themselves atheist yet practice forms of traditional folk religion or Mahayana Buddhism.
Estimates for the year 2010 published by the Pew Research Center:
Vietnamese folk religion, 45.3%
Unaffiliated, 29.6%
Buddhism, 16.4%
Christianity, 8.2%
Other, 0.5%
CIA World Factbook demographic statistics
The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook, unless otherwise indicated.
Sex ratio
at birth: 1.07 male(s)/female
under 15 years: 1.08 male(s)/female
15–64 years: 0.98 male(s)/female
65 years and over: 0.63 male(s)/female
total population: 0.98 male(s)/female
(2008 est.)
Source: Statista etc.
Life expectancy
Source: UN World Population Prospects
Literacy
definition: age 15 and over can read and write
total population: 95.6% (2014 census); 95.8% (2019 census)
male: 96.9% (no records); 97% (2019 census)
female: 91.9% (2012); 94.6% (2019 census)
Source: The Worldbank Database etc.
See also
Racism in Vietnam
List of ethnic groups in Vietnam
Overseas Vietnamese
Sources
2006 Vietnam's population estimates
1999 Census results
Socioeconomic Atlas of Vietnam
References
The 53rd National Conference of the African National Congress (ANC) was held in Mangaung, Free State from 16 to 20 December 2012, during the centenary of the ANC's establishment, also in Mangaung. It re-elected incumbent President Jacob Zuma and their supporters to the party's top leadership and National Executive Committee (NEC), solidly defeating an opposing group that had coalesced around presidential challenger Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe.
The conference was a precursor to the general election of 2014, in which, due to the ANC's internal norms and substantial electoral majority, the ANC President was extremely likely to become President of South Africa. Zuma was indeed re-elected to the presidency in 2014 when the ANC won 62.15% of the national vote. The conference also represented only the second electoral contest for the ANC presidency since 1952 – at the 52nd National Conference of the African National Congress in 2007, Zuma had themselves broken from the ANC's tradition of appointing presidents unanimously when they deposed incumbent Thabo Mbeki.
The conference is also notable for inaugurating the political renaissance of Cyril Ramaphosa, a former ANC Secretary General and longstanding NEC member who had resigned from politics in 1997 to pursue a career in business. They were elected ANC Deputy President at Mangaung and eventually became Zuma's successor.
Background
"Anyone but Zuma"
The 53rd National Conference ultimately became a contest between a faction aligned to Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe and another faction aligned to President Jacob Zuma, whose presidency had recently been mired in controversy, especially due to the developing Nkandla scandal and recent Marikana massacre. However, it was not clear until 13 December – days before the conference – that Motlanthe intended to stand for the presidency, and they appeared a reluctant candidate. Indeed, the coalition backing them was often referred to as the "Anyone But Zuma" (ABZ) camp. Minister of Human Settlements Tokyo Sexwale had previously indicated their intention to run for the presidency, but instead was nominated for the deputy presidency on the Motlanthe-aligned slate. In October 2012, the ANC's Tripartite Alliance partner, the Congress of South African Trade Unions, endorsed Zuma's presidency, but also endorsed Motlanthe for the deputy presidency. Blade Nzimande, the General Secretary of the South African Communist Party (SACP), expressed the SACP's satisfaction with Zuma's leadership at the SACP's national congress in July 2012. The ANC Youth League, however, enthusiastically welcomed Motlanthe's candidacy.
Branch nominations
The ANC conference was preceded by substantial disarray at the level of the provincial party branches, which, according to the ANC constitution, are responsible for nominating candidates for the leadership elections. The provincial conferences in the Western Cape and the Limpopo had to be run twice, after they collapsed on the first attempt, and the North West conference was also tumultuous. The resolutions of the Free State provincial conference, under provincial ANC Chairperson and Premier Ace Magashule, were successfully challenged in the Constitutional Court. Ultimately, voting at the conference preceded with different-coloured ballot papers for the North West and Free State delegates, for convenience in the case of the anticipated legal challenges.
Leadership election
On 17 December, working from the nominations proposed by the provincial branches, the conference finalised the list of nominees for the "Top Six" positions (President, Deputy President, Secretary General, Deputy Secretary General, National Chairperson and Treasurer General). Motlanthe declined a nomination to stand for re-election as Deputy President, whereas Cyril Ramaphosa did not confirm that they intended to accept their nomination for the deputy presidency until 16 December, the day before the conference. Fikile Mbalula and incumbent Thandi Modise withdrew their candidacy in the Deputy Secretary General election, to pursue the Secretary General and Chairperson posts respectively; and Magashule withdrew from contention for the chairpersonship. Even with this substantial number of nominations declined, every position remained contested except for the Deputy Secretary General position, which Jessie Duarte secured unopposed.
The conference was attended by 4,500 voting delegates, primarily allocated from the provincial branches, but not all of them cast ballots. Voting for the Top Six began after the second day of the conference, around 2 a.m. on 18 December. All of the incumbents of the Top Six were running for re-election or election to new positions, but half of them – Motlanthe, Modise, and Mathews Phosa – were ultimately defeated and removed from the Top Six. The consistently large margin of support for Zuma's slate of candidates was taken to indicate that the party's factions had voted in blocs on the top positions. Zuma was presumably bolstered by the high number of delegates from KwaZulu-Natal, their home province and central support base. The results of the leadership elections, announced on the afternoon of 18 December, were as follows (victorious candidates in bold):
There are some minor discrepancies in reports of the election counts – for example, City Press reported that Zuma had won 2,982 votes, that Sexwale had won 463, and that Modise had won 393. Likewise, IOL reported that Zuma had won 2,983 votes, Sexwale 463, and Mbalula 901. The confusion is presumably because the counts were read aloud at the conference amid noisy celebration from delegates.
Election of the National Executive Committee
The other 80 members of the NEC were elected from 230 nominees, following delays due to errors on the ballot paper, and the results were announced at the end of the conference. The following ten candidates received the most votes:
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma (2,921 votes)
Malusi Gigaba (2,669 votes)
Lindiwe Sisulu (2,658 votes)
Collins Chabane (2,585 votes)
Jeff Radebe (2,570 votes)
Naledi Pandor (2,517 votes)
Derek Hanekom (2,497 votes)
Pravin Gordhan (2,465 votes)
Tito Mboweni (2,463 votes)
Nathi Mthethwa (2,450 votes)
All of the candidates who stood against Zuma's nominees for the Top Six positions were dropped from the NEC (except Mashatile, who had not been a member). Motlanthe and Modise withdrew their names from the ballots, and Sexwale, Phosa, Mbalula, and Mashatile failed to secure enough votes. Mbalula, however, was later co-opted onto the NEC to fill a vacancy.
At the conference, a motion to reduce the size of the NEC to 66 elected members (its size prior to the last conference) was defeated, though the conference did resolve that candidates for election onto the NEC should have been members of the ANC for at least ten years, should be proven leaders, and should have undergone training at the party's political school.
Assassination plot
On the first day of the conference, it was reported that four white extremists had been arrested in connection with a plot to bomb the conference venue. Though police initially denied that the arrests were related to the conference, they admitted otherwise the next day. By the end of the conference, the National Prosecuting Authority had publicly alleged that the four men had been planning to attack the venue with mortar bombs and then to conduct a ground assault, with the intention of executing Zuma and other senior leaders. All four men were charged with high treason, but only one went to trial – Mark Trollip pleaded guilty to conspiracy in 2013 and was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment; the charges against Hein Boonzaaier were dropped; and Martin Keevy was declared unfit to stand trial. In November 2014, Johan Prinsloo was found guilty of high treason and possession of illegal arms, though they were cleared on charges of conspiracy to commit terrorism. They were sentenced to thirteen years' imprisonment.
References
Further reading
Booysen, Susan (2011). The African National Congress and the Regeneration of Political Power. NYU Press. ISBN 978-1-86814-781-6.
Cooper, Ian (2015). "Zuma, Malema and the provinces: factional conflict within the African National Congress". Transformation: Critical Perspectives on Southern Africa. 87 (1): 151–174. DOI:10.1353/trn.2015.0009. ISSN 1726-1368.
External links
NEC nominations process
National Conference of the African National Congress
National Conference of the African National Congress
National Conferences of the African National Congress
National Conference of the African National Congress
National Conference of the African National Congress
Scroll Publishing Company is an academic publisher focusing on early Christianity. It was founded in 1988 as a non-profit publishing house and is located in Amberson, Pennsylvania. It serves, in particular, the Anabaptist community.
The focus of their books is on early Christianity and church history, including the distribution of the Ante-Nicene Fathers in its ten-volume set. Additionally, they sell Christian music cassettes and CDs, postcards and head coverings for women. Notable authors whose works are printed by the Scroll Publishing Company include David Bercot and Peter Hoover.
See also
Pathway Publishers
References
Anabaptism
Megalomyrmex wallacei is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Megalomyrmex wallacei can be found in Brazil (Amazonas, Rondônia, Pará, Tocantins), Guyana, Colombia, Costa Rica. This species occurs in mature wet forest, usually low-elevation rainforest. Brandão (2003) reports the species nesting under leaves on the forest floor, in colonies of up to 300 workers.
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 1916
Hymenoptera of South America
Hymenoptera of North America
Blairadam railway station is a disused station in Fife, Scotland which was open from 1860 to 1964 on the Kinross-shire Railway.
History
The station opened on 20 June 1860 by the North British Railway. To the southwest were sidings and to the south of the northbound platform was the signal box. The station closed on 22 September 1930. The signal box closed in 1957. It closed to goods on 23 March 1964.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Fife
Former North British Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1860
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1930
1860 establishments in Scotland
1930 disestablishments in Scotland
Colin Davis (born 1960) is professor of French at Royal Holloway, University of London.  They are known for their research on French literature and Levinas's thought.
Books
Levinas: An Introduction, Cambridge: Polity Press, 1996
After Poststructuralism: Reading, Stories and Theory, 2004
Ethical Issues in Twentieth-Century French Fiction (2000)
French Fiction in the Mitterrand Years (with Elizabeth Fallaize, 2000).
References
External links
Colin Davis at University of London
21st-century British philosophers
Continental philosophers
Hermeneutists
Philosophy academics
1960 births
Living people
Academics of Royal Holloway, University of London
Levinas scholars
Stewart Dunsker M.D., a neurosurgeon, is Professor and Director of Spinal Neurosurgery at the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine, and Director of the Department of Neurosurgery at the Christ Hospital, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Education
Dunsker is from Cincinnati, Ohio, where they were born on August 12, 1934. They earned an A.B (cum laude) from Harvard College in 1956. They studied at the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine, where they were given the Borden Award for Research in 1960. There followed an internship at the University of Illinois and a year of training in Internal Medicine at the University of Cincinnati. They served two years in the army and did a year of surgical training at the University of Cincinnati.
Career
In 1965, Dunsker joined the neurosurgery program at Washington University, where they would remain for four years. In 1970, Dunsker joined the practice of Frank Henderson Mayfield. It would later become known as the Mayfield Clinic, now a leading medical center.
Dunsker's research interests have to do with spine disorders. A founding member of the Joint Section of Spinal Disorders of the America Association of Neurological Surgeons/Congress of Neurological Surgeons, they were the organization's Chairman in 1987.
Dunsker is a member of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons (Board of Directors, 1991–1994; Treasurer 1995–1998; Vice President 1998–1999; President 2000-2001); the American Board of Neurological Surgery (Board of Directors, 1994–1999; Vice Chair 1999); the American Academy of Neurological Surgery (Vice President, 1990); the Congress of Neurological Surgeons (Executive Committee 1980); the Society of University Neurosurgeons (President 1980); the Ohio State Medical Society (President, 1983); the Ohio State Neurosurgical Society (President, 1981); the American Medical Association (Delegate, 1976-1986); and the American College of Surgeons.
Accomplishments and awards
Neurosurgeon of the Year, Ohio State Neurosurgical Society (1992). Meritorious Service Award, AANS/CNS Section on Disorders of the Spine (2001). Harvey Cushing Medal, the highest honor of the AANS (2002).
The Ellen and Stewart B. Dunsker, MD, Award for Clinical Research was established in 2007 to spur clinical research among neurosurgical residents in the department of neurosurgery.
Miscellany
Dunsker is married to the former Ellen Lothian Treiman.  They are a librarian. They have a daughter, Shiela Lauren Yessenow, who is a bank officer in Merrillville, Indiana.
Notable publications
References
1934 births
Living people
American neurosurgeons
American neuroscientists
University of Cincinnati College of Medicine alumni
University of Cincinnati faculty
Harvard College alumni
Penaincisalia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. It contains the following species, all found in the Neotropical realm:
partial list
Penaincisalia alatus Druce 1907
Penaincisalia anosma Draudt 1921
Penaincisalia atymna (Hewitson, 1870)
Penaincisalia bimediana Johnson 1990
Penaincisalia candor Druce 1907
Penaincisalia carmela Johnson 1990
Penaincisalia caudata Johnson 1990
Penaincisalia culminicola Staudinger 1894
Penaincisalia descimoni Johnson 1990
Penaincisalia downeyi Johnson 1990
Penaincisalia loxurina (C. & R. Felder, 1865)
Penaincisalia oribata Weymer 1890
Penaincisalia patagonaevaga Johnson 1990
Penaincisalia pichincha Johnson 1990
Penaincisalia rawlinsi Johnson 1990
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
The 1968 Valley State Matadors football team represented San Fernando Valley State College—now known as California State University, Northridge—as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) during the 1968 NCAA College Division football season. Led by Sam Winningham in their seventh and final season as head coach, Valley State compiled an overall record of 5–4 with a mark of 1–3 in conference play, tying for fourth place in the CCAA. This was the second straight winning season for the Matadors. Valley State played home games at Birmingham High School in Van Nuys, California.
Schedule
References
Valley State
Cal State Northridge Matadors football seasons
Valley State Matadors football
Bates Motel is an American psychological horror drama television series developed by Carlton Cuse, Kerry Ehrin, and Anthony Cipriano for A&E.
Using characters and elements from the novel Psycho by Robert Bloch, the series serves as a "prequel" to the 1960 film of the same name directed by Alfred Hitchcock, albeit within a contemporary setting. Following the death of their abusive husband, Norma Louise Bates (Vera Farmiga) relocates to the fictional town of White Pine Bay, Oregon with their son Norman (Freddie Highmore). There, they purchase a small motel and attempts to start a new life with their son. They are soon intercepted by Norma's estranged son, Dylan Massett (Max Thieriot), who carries their own secrets. The three are quick to discover that the idyllic town is not at all what it seems and that dangerous secrets lurk around every corner.
The series premiered on March 18, 2013, and received generally positive reviews.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2013)
Season 2 (2014)
Season 3 (2015)
Season 4 (2016)
Season 5 (2017)
Ratings
References
External links
Episodes
Bates Motel
Bates Motel
Bates Motel
Zizina is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies (Lycaenidae) in the subfamily Polyommatinae.
Species
Zizina antanossa (Mabille, 1877) – dark grass blue or clover blue
?Zizina emelina
Zizina labradus (Godart, [1824]) – common grass blue, grass blue, or clover blue
Zizina otis (Fabricius, 1787) – lesser grass blue
Zizina oxleyi (C. & R. Felder, [1865])
?Zizina similus
External links
Zizina at funet
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 74
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Dale Patten is an American politician and former business person serving as a member of the North Dakota Senate from the 39th district. Elected in 2018, Patten assumed office in 2019, succeeding Bill Bowman.
Background
Patten earned a Bachelor of Science degree in animal science from North Dakota State University. Prior to entering politics, they worked as a banker and served as a member of the McKenzie County Commission from 2000 to 2012. Patten has served on Natural Resources, Taxation, and Transportation committees. They were also selected to serve on the High-Level Radioactive Waste Advisory Council, a joint committee formed by legislators in North Dakota and Montana to discuss the disposal of waste material in the Bakken Formation.
Patten and their wife, Joy, have two children.
References
Living people
North Dakota state senators
North Dakota Republicans
North Dakota State University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American politicians
Preska may refer to:
Loretta Preska, Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
Preska nad Kostrevnico in the Municipality of Litija
Preska pri Dobrniču in the Municipality of Trebnje
Preska pri Medvodah in the Municipality of Medvode
Preska, Sevnica in the Municipality of Sevnica
Preska, Sodražica in the Municipality of Sodražica
Kalo Chandramani is an Indian politician. They were elected to the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India from Sundargarh, Odisha as a member of the Ganatantra Parishad.
References
External links
Official Biographical Sketch in Lok Sabha Website
1916 births
Lok Sabha members from Odisha
India MPs 1957–1962
Possibly living people
Indian politicians
The Cologne Centurions were an American football team that played in NFL Europe. The Centurions began competing in the league in the 2004 season, having replaced the defunct Barcelona Dragons. They played their home games at RheinEnergieStadion in Cologne.
The Centurions' first-ever game was against local rival Rhein Fire. Cologne lost 25–26. The Centurions' inaugural season finished with a 4–6 record.
On 21 February 2006, the Centurions named David Duggan as their new head coach. They replaced Darryl Sims, who was on the verge of their first season in the position but instead was pursuing an opportunity in the NFL. Peter Vaas, a two-time World Bowl-winning coach with the Berlin Thunder, had occupied the job in the team's first two seasons. The Centurions were the only NFL Europe team that never won a World Bowl.
An unrelated team of the same name is to play in the inaugural 2021 season of the new European League of Football
Season-by-season
Head coaches
References
External links
The Football Database
NFL Europe (WLAF) teams
Centurions
Defunct American football teams in Germany
American football teams established in 2004
American football teams disestablished in 2007
2004 establishments in Germany
2007 disestablishments in Germany
The Far Eastern Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Russian:Дальневосточное отделение Российской академии наук)( abbr. FEB RAS) is a regional branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences, which is a developed geographically distributed system of complex research centers, institutes, stations, and research stations, reserves, covering almost the entire territory of the Far Eastern Federal District. The research centers of the FEB RAS are located in Vladivostok, Khabarovsk, Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Magadan, Blagoveshchensk, Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk. Separate institutes operate in Birobidzhan, Anadyr.
At the beginning of 2017, about 7,500 people worked in the Far Eastern Branch, among them 2,500 researchers, including 23 academicians and 141 corresponding members of the Russian Academy of Sciences, at the beginning of 2005 more than 300 doctors and 1150 candidates of sciences.
References
Russian Academy of Sciences
Leonardo Semplici (born 18 July 1967) is an Italian professional football coach.
Playing career
Their playing career mostly consisted of amateur and minor league players with Tuscan teams such as Lucchese.
Coaching career
In 2004 Semplici took over from Eccellenza Tuscany club Sangimignano, bringing them back to Serie D. They successively took over at Figline, bringing the Eccellenza amateurs all the way up to Lega Pro Prima Divisione in their four years at the helm of the team. They then had two short stints as head coach of two more Tuscan teams, Arezzo and Pisa, before Fiorentina decided to appoint them as their new youth coach.
In December 2014 they took over at SPAL, guiding the Lega Pro club to Serie B promotion in 2016 and then to a surprising run for a Serie A promotion spot in their first Serie B season. On 13 May 2017, SPAL became the first team to win promotion from the 2016–17 Serie B, thus ensuring a spot in the 2017–18 Serie A, the first time in the top flight since 49 years for the small Ferrara-based club. The club remained in Serie A for the 2018-19 season, finishing in 13th position with 42 points. The following season proved difficult for the club, however, and after achieving just 15 points after twenty-three Serie A matches, Semplici was sacked as SPAL coach on 10 February 2020.
On 22 February 2021, Semplici was appointed manager of Cagliari. Appointed to replace Eusebio Di Francesco following a dismal first half of the season, Semplici succeeded to turn the Sardinians' fortunes and save Cagliari from relegation, being then confirmed in charge for the 2021–22 Serie A season. However, after achieving one point in the first three games of the season and following a 2–3 home loss to Genoa, Semplici was relieved from managerial duties on 14 September 2021.
Managerial statistics
References
1967 births
Footballers from Florence
Italian footballers
Living people
Italian football managers
Serie A managers
S.P.A.L. managers
Cagliari Calcio managers
Association football defenders
Amber Kirk-Ford (born 28 October 1998) is a British blogger and vlogger from Norfolk. They have over 15,000 followers and over 1,000,000 views. They have been blogging since they were seven and has hopes of working in journalism or publishing.
Personal life
Amber Kirk-Ford was born and raised in Norfolk, UK. They began home-schooling at the age of seven, and was homeschooled at the age of fourteen after being diagnosed with chronic anxiety and panic disorder.
Kirk-Ford originally started blogging to document their day-to-day life. They later decided to focus on book reviews, discussions, and author interviews, with the occasional blog post about their personal life.
They attended InterHigh from 2013-2017 and studied English Literature and Media Studies at A Level. They started the #HelpAmber campaign in August 2015 to raise the funds needed to enrol at A Level, and the campaign made global press.
Blog
Kirk-Ford first created their current blog, originally called "Let's Call it a Journey", in April 2006. This was renamed to "The Mile Long Bookshelf" in 2009, and became self-titled in 2018. They originally gained a following from writing about their life as a home-schooled child, but later transformed their blog into a book blog after starting at their local secondary school, and then decided to write about "life, books, food and travel."
The Guardian named them one of the "top 10 best books bloggers" in December 2014.
In June 2016, Kirk-Ford was involved in Instagram's #MyStoryUK exhibition in London, which showcased 24 women using their social media platforms for good. They were later named one of the "most inspiring women on Instagram" by Stylist Magazine and one of the "secret ... British stars of Instagram" in an article by BBC Newsbeat.
An open letter written by Kirk-Ford on behalf of supermarket workers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic went viral in April 2020.
YouTube
Kirk-Ford created a YouTube channel, "The Mile Long Bookshelf", to run alongside their blog in July 2013, and was between Tyler Oakley and Joe Sugg in Huffington Post's "25 Vloggers Under 25 Owning the World of YouTube" in December 2014. Originally posting short skits, they later added book hauls, discussions and giveaways for their subscribers, and occasionally works with brands and book publishers.
Them YouTube channel has over 2,000 subscribers and over 100,000 views.
Awards and nominations
Kirk-Ford won "Trending Blogger" in the 2013 Bloggy Awards. They went on to win "Best Blogger" in the inaugural Future8 Awards 2014. The following year, they were nominated in two categories in the 2015 UKYA Blogger Awards and won "Champion Teen Blogger".
Published works
Outside of blogging, Kirk-Ford has been a columnist for their local newspaper, and regularly writes for publications such as The Guardian, Teen Breathe magazine, and the Penguin Books blog.
Kirk-Ford contributed to Rife: 21 Stories from Britain's Youth edited by Nikesh Shukla and Sammy Jones, and published in July 2019 by Unbound.
They have been quoted in The Bookseller, Shout (magazine) and We Heart Pop as well as newspapers such as The Guardian. Them reviews have been quoted in books such as The Year of the Rat by Clare Furniss, Lola and the Boy Next Door by Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After by Stephanie Perkins, Chocolate SOS by Sue Limb, Diary of a Mall Girl by Luisa Plaja, Maresi by Maria Turtschaninoff, The Boy Who Sailed the Ocean in an Armchair by Lara Williamson, How Not to Disappear by Clare Furniss, and Finding Your Inner Cherokee by Siobhan Curham. The Mile Long Bookshelf has also been used as a case study in The Quick Expert's Guide to Writing a Blog.
References
Living people
British bloggers
1998 births
English video bloggers
British Internet celebrities
British women bloggers
Yaratovo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Yaratovsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 516 as of 2010. There are 19 streets.
Geography
Yaratovo is located 36 km west of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gumerovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
Basilia is a genus of bat flies in the family Nycteribiidae.
Species within this genus are:
Basilia afghanica
Basilia aitkeni
Basilia anceps
Basilia anomala
Basilia ansifera
Basilia antrozoi
Basilia barbarae
Basilia bathybothyra
Basilia benkingi
Basilia bequaerti
Basilia boardmani
Basilia borneensis
Basilia carteri
Basilia compar
Basilia constricta
Basilia corynorhini
Basilia costaricensis
Basilia currani
Basilia daganiae
Basilia dubia
Basilia dunni
Basilia echinata
Basilia eileenae
Basilia endoi
Basilia falcozi
Basilia ferrisi
Basilia ferruginea
Basilia fletcheri
Basilia forcipata
Basilia glabra
Basilia hamsmithi
Basilia handleyi
Basilia hispida
Basilia hughscotti
Basilia hystrix
Basilia indivisa
Basilia italica
Basilia japonica
Basilia jellisoni
Basilia juquiensis
Basilia kerivoulae
Basilia limbella
Basilia lindolphoi
Basilia madagascarensis
Basilia major
Basilia manu
Basilia mediterranea
Basilia meridionalis
Basilia plaumanni
Basilia mimoni
Basilia mirandaribeiroi
Basilia mongolensis
Basilia monocula
Basilia musgravei
Basilia myotis
Basilia nana
Basilia nattereri
Basilia neamericana
Basilia nodulata
Basilia nudior
Basilia ortizi
Basilia pectinata
Basilia peruvia
Basilia pizonychus
Basilia plaumanni
Basilia pudibunda
Basilia punctata
Basilia quadrata
Basilia robusta
Basilia rondanii
Basilia rugosa
Basilia rybini
Basilia saccata
Basilia seminuda
Basilia sierraleonae
Basilia tarda
Basilia techna
Basilia tenuispina
Basilia tiptoni
Basilia transversa
Basilia travassosi
Basilia triseriata
Basilia truncata
Basilia truncatiformis
Basilia victorianyanzae
Basilia wenzeli
References
Parasitic flies
Nycteribiidae
Wingless Diptera
Hippoboscoidea genera
Taxa named by Alípio de Miranda-Ribeiro
Anders Syberg (born 10 May 1988) is a Danish former professional footballer, who played as a midfielder.
Syberg made their senior debut with AGF, making one league appearance for the club. In May 2008, Syberg moved to FC Vestsjælland. Syberg moved to Hobro IK in December 2009.
References
1988 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
Danish 2nd Division players
Brabrand IF players
Hobro IK players
Odder IGF players
Association football midfielders
FC Vestsjælland players
VSK Aarhus players
Footballers from Aarhus
AB Tårnby players
Herlev IF players
Liberties and Responsibilities of Universities is the official name of a French law aiming at revamping entirely the French public higher education system. The bill was presented by the French Ministry of Higher Education Valérie Pécresse and was officially voted on 11 August 2007 by the Parliament. The law is commonly referred to as the law LRU (after the acronym of the official name), or Law Pécresse. It is sometimes called the law on the autonomy of universities, because the law give universities more financial autonomy, so that the government will stop funding them.
The text of the bill consists of six titles. The first title recall public service and higher education's mission. The second title is about the management of universities. The third deals with the new responsibilities for universities. The three other titles give additional details about the reform.
The bill was rapidly voted by the Parliament in July 2007, and definitively adopted on 1 August 2007, less than three months after Nicolas Sarkozy's election. The university students, on holidays during the vote of the law, began to express their discontentment in October 2007.
First draft
University Reforms had been promised by French President Nicolas Sarkozy before the 2007 Presidential Elections. Prime Minister François Fillon announced the reform would be the most important of their term in office. Therefore, the reform was debated long before the bill was officially presented by the government.
Soon after the presidential elections in May 2007, the Higher Education minister Valérie Pécresse announced to university representatives (students, teachers, researchers, presidents of universities) that their ministry would work on the reform. They said the bill on university autonomy would be voted in July by Parliament, during an extraordinary session, while the other reforms would follow in the next months. The ministry released a first draft on 22 June. Some representatives were dissatisfied, saying that independency was not the main concern. The priority was to address student failure.
University autonomy concerns university management, i.e. the powers of the presidents and the administration councils, also recruitment and paying teachers. The majority of the representatives of students, teachers and researchers said they were strongly opposed to reform:
The Minister of Higher Education Valerie Pécresse highlighted that university fees would be increased, but specified the Ministry would keep this increase under control, despite the university independency. Trade unions said they also wanted to influence the amount of the fees, as part of the new autonomy.
The bill was to give the 85 French universities entire financial autonomy, i.e. control over their budget, recruitment and estate management, but only if they wanted it, as Nicolas Sarkozy had announced during the presidential campaign. The government would help them be more independent. Some said this autonomy would increase the inequalities between universities, and that some of them would get more financial funds than others. The system would become increasingly elitist, with greater competition between universities to attract the best students and teachers.
The government announced that the law would not be applied before 2012.
It was announced the bill would reduce the number of members in the administration council from more than 60 to 20. Representatives of students would decrease from 15 to 3. There were concerns the students would be underrepresented. Others said student representatives were pointless.
There were also concerns about the increasing selectivity the bill would impose. A diploma would be delivered for student at the end of the first year, to make universities more competitive at a European level. Some said it would reduce the number of students.
Other central points of the reform was to be the increasing links between the universities and the labour market. People of the professional world would be included in the administration councils of the universities. Researchers and teachers said it would be detrimental to scientific and literal research. They feared some studies (literature and human sciences in particular would be underfunded).
Official discussions
To satisfy the students, Nicolas Sarkozy said the presentation of the bill would be delayed (the bill was to be examined during the Ministers Council on 26 June). At the end of June, they met and discussed the bill with presidents of universities, then with representatives of researchers, then of teachers, and finally student organizations (mainly UNEF and UNI), along with François Fillon and Valérie Pécresse. The UNEF, the FAGE and the CGT, the main associations of students, withdrew from the discussions. The most controversial measures were the selectiveness in universities and the underrepresentation of students in administration councils.
All the organizations were satisfied by the postponement of the bill. The student organizations (mainly UNEF) said the government had retained the lessons from the CPE discontentment. The organization of university presidents (CPU) said they would have time to pass amendments, notably to make the reform compulsory for all universities, while it was to be initially optional.
Nicolas Sarkozy, François Fillon and Valérie Pécresse declared they were ready to grant some points to the representatives. They said they were ready to modify the text on administration councils to include more people in it, but refused to include more students. They were ready to discuss the selectiveness.
Second draft
A new bill was released by the Ministry of Higher Education on 26 June. The number of students in the administration councils could be extended to 5, and the total number of members to 30. The reform would apply to all universities (as opposed to the initial draft) by 2012. A vice-president would be appointed by the students to represent them. The measure on selectiveness (diploma at the end of the first year) was abandoned.
Organizations expressed their satisfaction, but criticized the increasing power of presidents of universities and the new management in universities. The bill include measures reinforcing the powers of the administration councils. They would define the missions of each teachers-researchers. Bonuses are decided by the board and the president. Recruitment is managed by the president and a board composed of professionals of companies and teachers-researchers.
Parliamentarian discussions
On 11 July 2007, just before the examination of the bill by the Senate, more than 800 teacher-researchers signed a petition, to demand various modifications of the bill. The petition expressed concerns about the university directory board choosing itself the teachers instead of electing them, and about the excessive power of university presidents over recruitment.
The bill was submitted to the Senate on 12 July 2007. Senators modified the text so that the external members of the directive board be elected by the other members, instead of being nominated by the president. Thus, these external members would be able to take part in the election of the president with the other members. Valerie Pécresse accepted the modification. The bill was voted on 13 July. The Socialist Party voted against the bill.
On 24 July, the bill was examined by the National Assembly. The Socialist Party said that while if they agreed to reform the higher education system, the management of universities was not a priority, and that the bill was unadapted to the needs. The socialist deputies criticized the law and voted against it. They said they expected a real reform of the higher education system. Valérie Pécresse argued this law was the indispensable basis for further reform.
The deputies removed the senatorial amendment which modified the election of the president. The major change came from an amendment proposed by the UMP deputy Claude Goasguen. The amendment proposed that the president of university be reserved for a teacher-researcher. The amendment was unanimously voted, while Valerie Pécresse had opposed it. However, the minister succeeded in modifying the bill, so that any executive of the university can be elected president.
As the government chose to use the urgency procedure to pass the bill, only one vote was permitted for each house of the parliament. A joint commission of 7 senators and 7 deputies then worked again on the text. The final bill was definitively approved by the houses on 1 August 2007.
Strengths & Weaknesses of the Bill
The bill attempt at introducing greater freedom and responsibility for institutions of higher learning showed positive advances, as well as negative aspects.
Among the positive aspects of the bill, four points emerge:
Relaxed governance
Flexible credit management
Autonomy in real estate asset management
Access to private financing
Internal governance was limited. Under the aegis of academic freedom, the bill maintained the privileges of the status of academics:
Inability for institutions to remove academics from their positions
Evaluation by the peers with no external input
Discipline imposed by the peers only
Protests
At the beginning of October 2007, period when university classes begin, students began to express their opposition to the bill. Students of the three Toulouse universities call for a general mobilization to demand the removal of the Pécresse law. They said they were ready to go on strike. Students from Lille also announced they were ready to take measures. Various universities began to be blocked by students at the beginning of November, including Le Mirail (Toulouse II), Tours, Paris I (Tolbiac), Rouen, Perpignan, Lille II, Rennes III. Aix-Marseille 1 only decided a strike. The students denounced the privatization of universities. Valerie Pécresse declared these movements were unjustified, arguing the state would remain implicated in the funding of universities.
Students organizations declared the new management of universities would make non-profitable studies disappear. They condemned the inequalities between universities the law would cause, without the support of the government. They also opposed the increasing power of the presidents and the underrepresentation of students in directive boards. They said governmental action should focus on financial aids to students.
The blockages extended on 7 and 8 November to Paris IV Clignancourt, Aix-Marseilles, Nantes, Lille I, while Lyon-II, Lyon-III and Lille III only decided a strike. Other action was planned in other universities, but did not lead to blockages. On 9 November, demonstrations took place in Paris, Rennes, Toulouse and Perpignan, with clashes with police. Around 15 universities (out of 85) were blocked for a week, and more than 50 organized demonstrations. The next week, the movement amplified and 36 universities were blocked on 14 November 42 on 15 November. Students organizations (UNEF, UNI, Cé, Fade) met with Valerie Pécresse, without outcome. Organizations (among them the UNEF) said they would continue the movement unless the government gave guarantee on state fundings. On 22 November, demonstrations were held in Paris, Rennes, Bordeaux, Lyon, along with lycées students. The next week, from 26 November, various lycées began to be blocked.
On 26 November, François Fillon promised to increase the budget dedicated to universities in the next years to satisfy the students. The prime minister said the governmental funding for universities would increase by 50% in the next five-year period, which means an additional one billion euros for each year until 2012, the total budget for the five years passing from 10 to 15 billion euros. On 27 November, while various demonstrations took place in France, with 30.000 participants, discussions were held between students organizations and Valérie Pécresse. The minister of higher education promised various modifications of the law, including a reduction of selectiveness. UNEF representants said they were satisfied by these guarantees. Soon after, the organization chose to stop the blockages. However, the mobilization amplified in lycées. In Paris, more than 30 lycées out of 73 were blocked, and more than 200 in total.
At the end of November, some 100 lycées (out of 1,500 in France) and some 40 universities were still blocked, but at the beginning of December, the classes resumed in most universities and lycées. On 13 December, Valérie Pécresse unveiled a plan to address university students' failure, the second point of the vast reform of university.
See also
Pôle de recherche et d'enseignement supérieur, PRES (2007–2013)
Association of universities and higher education institutions, Communautés d'Universités et Établissements−COMUE (est. 2013)
Law on Higher Education and Research (2013)
Official texts
Second draft of the law as of 27 June 2007.
Detail of the debates at the Senate with the initial text of the law.
Detail of the debates at the National Assembly with the initial and final texts.
Official text of the law, as adopted by the Parliament on 11 August 2007 .
External links
—Official website of the Liberties and Responsibilities of Universities reform
—Ministry of Higher Education and Research website
References
Education policy in France
France
2007 in France
2007 in education
2007 in law
2007 establishments in France
2013 disestablishments in France
Universities and colleges in France
Katheru is a part of Greater Rajamahendravaram Municipal Corporation (GRMC). It was merged into Greater Rajamahendravaram Municipal Corporation (GRMC) on 28 January 2020. It also forms a part of Godavari Urban Development Authority.
References
Rajahmundry
Jolgeh () may refer to:
Jolgeh District
Jolgeh Rural District (disambiguation)
Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District
Jolgeh Sedeh
Davor Matić (born 28 October 1959) is a Croatian association football manager and former player. They played as a central defender. They retired in 1990.
Notes
External links
hrsport website
Living people
1959 births
Yugoslav footballers
Croatian footballers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
HNK Šibenik players
Yugoslav First League players
Sportspeople from Drniš
Association football defenders
Spirolobium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1889. It includes only one known species, Spirolobium cambodianum, native to Southeast Asia (Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia, Borneo).
References
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Flora of Indo-China
Flora of Malesia
Malouetieae
Taxa named by Henri Ernest Baillon
Ragged Old Flag is a song by American country music artist Johnny Cash from the 1974 album of the same name.
Background
"Ragged Old Flag" was written in 1974 while Cash was in Binghamton, New York, during a time of political turbulence in the United States that had forced the resignation of President Richard Nixon during the Watergate scandal. Although Cash had publicly supported Nixon's candidacy, they had started to question the wisdom of Nixon-era policies concerning the Vietnam War. They wrote "Ragged Old Flag" to "reaffirm faith in the country and the goodness of the American people."
The song tells a story of an old man in a town square describing what the flag and country have been through together. "Ragged Old Flag" is typical of Cash's particular style of patriotism characterized by their appreciation for the land, people and complexities of the United States.
Critical reception
Although some considered the song too jingoistic and sentimental, it was largely popular with Cash's audience. Despite its popularity during live performances, its success was short-lived and the song only reached number 31 on country music charts. It has been contrasted to country songs that espoused a more black and white view of patriotism such as Merle Haggard's "Okie From Muskogee" and "The Fightin' Side of Me". The song's popularity has increased after the September 11 attacks.
Frye Gaillard has described the song as a "poignant pledge of allegiance". The Sunday Herald has described it as "a defiant tribute to the stars and stripes". It has also been described as an "anti-flag burning" song.
Live performances
At the first Americana Music Awards in September 2002, Cash added references to Operation Desert Storm and Afghanistan. During live performances, Cash usually introduced the song with the following:
"I thank God for all the freedom we have in this country, I cherish them and treasure them - even the right to burn the flag. We also got the right to bear arms and if you burn my flag - I'll shoot you. But I'll shoot you with a lot of love, like a good american".
"Ragged Old Flag" is recited at events around the country. It has been played by the West Point Band, and recited by various veterans groups at events on Veterans Day and the 4th of July.
References
American country music songs
Johnny Cash songs
American patriotic songs
1974 songs
Songs written by Johnny Cash
Recitation songs
The mangrove pitta (Pitta megarhyncha) is a species of passerine bird in the family Pittidae native to the eastern Indian Subcontinent and western Southeast Asia. It is part of a superspecies where it is placed with the Indian pitta, the fairy pitta and the blue-winged pitta but has no recognized subspecies. A colourful bird, it has a black head with brown crown, white throat, greenish upper parts, buff underparts and reddish vent area. Its range extends from India to Malaysia and Indonesia. It is found in mangrove and nipa palm forests where it feeds on crustaceans, mollusks and insects. Its call, sometimes rendered as wieuw-wieuw, is sung from a high perch on a mangrove tree.
Taxonomy
The mangrove pitta was first described by German ornithologist Hermann Schlegel in 1863. Its species name is derived from the Ancient Greek words mega- "large", and rhynchos "beak". It forms a superspecies with the Indian pitta (P. brachyura), fairy pitta (P. nympha) and blue-winged pitta (P. moluccensis). Alternate common names include: Larger blue-winged/Malay pitta, Brève des palétuviers (in French), Große Blauflügelpitta (in German), and Pita de Manglar (in Spanish). There are no recognized subspecies.
Description
Measuring in length, the mangrove pitta has a black head with a buff-coloured crown, white chin and buff underparts. The shoulders and mantle are greenish and the vent is reddish. Juveniles have similar patterned plumage but are duller. It resembles the blue-winged pitta but can be distinguished by its much heavier bill. Its call, transcribed as wieuw-wieuw has been noted to be "more slurred" than the blue-winged pitta.
Distribution and habitat
The mangrove pitta is native to the countries of: Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, and Thailand (primarily the west coast of the southern Thai peninsula).
Its natural habitat is specialised and restriction to subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and Nipa palm stands. It is threatened by habitat loss. Its diet consists of crustaceans, mollusks and terrestrial insects.
Behaviour
While all pittas are noted for being difficult to study and spot in the wild, the mangrove pitta is one of the easier ones to spot as it sits high up in mangrove trees and calls. A tape recording of its call will often bring it forth. It tends to be vocal while brooding but quiet at other times.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Mangrove pitta bibliography
Pitta distribution maps, all species
mangrove pitta
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Sumatra
mangrove pitta
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Hermann Schlegel
The 2020 AFC Cup group stage was played from 10 February to 11 March 2020, before the remaining matches were initially suspended, and eventually cancelled by the AFC on 10 September 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Under the original competition format, a total of 36 teams would compete in the group stage to decide the 11 places in the knockout stage of the 2020 AFC Cup.
Draw
The draw for the group stage was held on 10 December 2019, 14:00 MYT (UTC+8), at the AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The 36 teams were drawn into nine groups of four: three groups each in the West Asia Zone (Groups A–C) and the ASEAN Zone (Groups F–H), and one group each in the Central Asia Zone (Group D), the South Asia Zone (Group E), and the East Asia Zone (Group I). Teams from the same association in the West Asia Zone and ASEAN Zone could not be drawn into the same group.
The mechanism of the draw was as follows:
For the West Asia Zone, a draw was held for the five associations with two direct entrants (Syria, Jordan, Kuwait, Bahrain, Lebanon) to determine the order of associations occupying the following group positions (higher-seeded team of each association allocated to first position, lower-seeded team of each association allocated to second position): A1 and B2, B1 and C2, C1 and A2, A3 and B4, B3 and C4. The direct entrant from Oman and the play-off winners were allocated to position C3 and A4 respectively.
For the ASEAN Zone, a draw was held for the three associations with two direct entrants (Vietnam, Philippines, Singapore) to determine the order of associations occupying the following group positions (higher-seeded team of each association allocated to first position, lower-seeded team of each association allocated to second position): F1 and G2, G1 and H2, H1 and F2; another draw was held for the three associations with one direct entrant (Indonesia, Myanmar, Laos) to determine the order of associations occupying the following group positions (direct entrant of each association allocated to first position, play-off winners which the play-off team of each association may advance from allocated to second position): F3 and G4, G3 and H4, H3 and F4.
For the Central Asia Zone, the South Asia Zone, and the East Asia Zone, no draw was held. The direct entrants were allocated to group positions 1, 2 and 3 according to their association ranking (Central Asia Zone: Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan; South Asia Zone: India, Maldives, Bangladesh; East Asia Zone: Hong Kong, Chinese Taipei, Macau), and the play-off winners were allocated to group positions 4.
The following 36 teams entered into the group stage draw, which included the 29 direct entrants and the seven winners of the play-off round of the qualifying play-offs, whose identity was not known at the time of the draw.
Standby teams
Al-Wehdat (for Al-Faisaly)
Al-Salmiya (for Al-Kuwait)
Al-Muharraq (for Al-Riffa)
Regar-TadAZ (for Istiklol)
FC Goa (for Chennai City)
Geylang International (for Tampines Rovers)
Persebaya Surabaya (for Bali United)
Ayeyawady United (for Shan United)
Format
In the group stage, each group was played on a double round-robin basis, with matches played home-and-away before the suspension due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but to be moved to centralised venues after restart which was eventually cancelled. The following teams would have advanced to the knockout stage:
The winners of each group and the best runners-up in the West Asia Zone and the ASEAN Zone would have advanced to the Zonal semi-finals.
The winners of each group in the Central Asia Zone, the South Asia Zone, and the East Asia Zone would have advanced to the Inter-zone play-off semi-finals.
Tiebreakers
The teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss). If tied on points, tiebreakers were applied in the following order (Regulations Article 10.5):
Points in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goal difference in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams;
Away goals scored in head-to-head matches among tied teams; (this tiebreaker was removed since the matches were played in centralised venues after restart)
If more than two teams were tied, and after applying all head-to-head criteria above, a subset of teams is still tied, all head-to-head criteria above were reapplied exclusively to this subset of teams;
Goal difference in all group matches;
Goals scored in all group matches;
Penalty shoot-out if only two teams playing each other in the last round of the group were tied;
Disciplinary points (yellow card = 1 point, red card as a result of two yellow cards = 3 points, direct red card = 3 points, yellow card followed by direct red card = 4 points);
Association ranking;
Drawing of lots.
Schedule
The original schedule of each matchday was as follows.
Matches in the West Asia Zone were played on Mondays and Tuesdays. One or two groups were played on each day, with the following groups played on Mondays:
Matchdays 1 and 2: Groups A and B
Matchday 3: Groups A and C
Matchday 4: Group B
Matchdays 5 and 6: Group C
Matches in the ASEAN Zone were played on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. One or two groups were played on each day, with the following groups played on Tuesdays:
Matchdays 1 and 2: Groups F and G
Matchday 3: Groups F and H
Matchday 4: Group G
Matchdays 5 and 6: Group H
Matches in the Central Asia Zone, the South Asia Zone, and the East Asia Zone were played on Wednesdays. If two teams from the same association were scheduled to play at home on the same matchday, the home match of the lower-seeded team was moved to Tuesday.
Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Asia, the AFC announced on 11 February 2020 that the East Asia Zone group stage matches would be postponed to 6 May, 13 May, 20 May, 27 May, 17 June and 24 June.
The following matches were postponed to a later date between late February and early March, prior to AFC's announcement to postpone all matches:
Group A: Hilal Al-Quds v Manama and Al-Ahed v Al-Jaish (9 March)
Group B: Al-Wathba v Al-Ansar and Al-Faisaly v Al-Kuwait (10 March)
Group C: Al-Qadsia v Dhofar (25 February), Al-Qadsia v Al-Jazeera and Al-Riffa v Dhofar (9 March)
Group D: Dordoi v Altyn Asyr (11 March)
The AFC announced on 12 March 2020 that all remaining West Asia Zone group stage matches would be postponed to new dates yet to be confirmed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Asia.
The AFC announced on 18 March 2020 that all matches would be postponed until further notice due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Only 32 group stage matches out of the 108 scheduled had been played by then.
On 9 July 2020, the AFC announced the new schedule for the remaining matches, with all group stage matches played at centralised venues.
The AFC announced the cancellation of the remainder of the competition on 10 September 2020, due to logistics in coordinating the five zones.
Centralized venues after restart
On 30 July 2020, AFC announced that the ASEAN Zone matches of Groups F and G would be played at the Thống Nhất Stadium, Ho Chi Minh City and Cẩm Phả Stadium, Cẩm Phả, both in Vietnam. Moreover, AFC had earlier confirmed Maldives as the host for the South Asia Zone matches of Group E, which would be played at the National Football Stadium, Malé. On 5 August 2020, AFC announced that Bahrain, Kuwait and Jordan had been confirmed as the hosts for the West Asia Zone matches of Groups A, B and C respectively.
Groups
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Group I
Notes
References
External links
, the-AFC.com
AFC Cup 2020, stats.the-AFC.com
2
February 2020 sports events in Asia
March 2020 sports events in Asia
Hubris () is a 2017 Burmese drama television series. It aired on MRTV-4, from August 9 to September 13, 2017, on Mondays to Fridays at 19:15 for 25 episodes.
Cast
Zin Wine as U Htet Zaw
Ye Aung as U Moe Wai
Han Lin Thant as Lin Let
Hsaung Wutyee May as Kyway Kyway
May Mi Ko Ko as Thaw Thaw
La Pyae as Aung Maw
Lin Myat as Kyaw Kyaw
Thuta Aung as Myat Paing
References
Burmese television series
The Ride is a studio album by Los Lobos. It was released on May 4, 2004, by Hollywood / Mammoth Records. It features numerous guest musicians, including Bobby Womack, Tom Waits, Rubén Blades, Dave Alvin, Richard Thompson, Elvis Costello, Mavis Staples, and Garth Hudson. The album contains new material and also new versions of earlier Los Lobos songs.
Track listing
Personnel
The specific contributions of the members of Los Lobos are not mentionedon the album, but this is the usual:
David Hidalgo – vocals, guitar, accordion, fiddle, requinto jarocho
Louie Pérez – vocals, guitar, drums, jarana
Cesar Rosas – vocals, guitar, bajo sexto
Conrad Lozano – vocals, bass, guitarron
Steve Berlin – keyboards, woodwinds
Additional musicians
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Cougar Estrada – drums, percussion on all tracks
Victor Bisetti – additional percussion
Little Willy G. – vocals (3)
Dave Alvin – vocals (5)
Bobby Womack – vocals (6)
Tom Waits – vocals (7)
Martha Gonzalez – vocals (7)
Rubén Blades – vocals (9)
Richard Thompson – vocals (10)
Elvis Costello – vocals (11)
Mavis Staples – vocals (12)
Elfego Buendia – vocals (1)
Alejandro Flores – quinta guapanguera, requinto (1)
Emmanuel de Real – jarana, keyboards (1)
Joselo Rangel – guitar (1)
Garth Hudson – keyboards (1, 11, 13)
Mitchell Froom - keyboards (2)
Greg Leisz - pedal steel guitar (2, 5, 11)
Rev. Charles Williams - piano (6), organ (6), clavinet (12)
Francisco Torres - trombone (7)
Alberto Salas - piano (9)
Lonnie Jordan - organ (12)
Production
Los Lobos – producer
Robert Carranza – engineer, mixing
Seth McLain – engineer
Jeff Hooper – engineer
Tom Waits – engineer
Joe Ross – engineer
Mat Lejeune – engineer
Emmanuel de Real – engineer
Luis Román – engineer
Chris Holmes – mixing assistant
Robert Hadley – mastering
Louie Perez – art direction
Al Quattrocchi – art direction
Jeff Smith – art direction
Tornado Design – design, photography
Max Aguilera-Hellweg – photography
Billboard charts
References
Los Lobos albums
2004 albums
KWTR may refer to:
KWTR (AM), a former weather radio station (1530 AM) in Creedmoor, Texas, United States
KWTR (FM), a radio station (89.7 FM) licensed to serve Eldorado, Texas, United States
KORV, a radio station (93.5 FM) licensed to serve Lakeview, Oregon, United States, which held the call sign KWTR from 2011 to 2012
KWTR (defunct), a defunct radio station (104.1 FM) licensed to serve Big Lake, Texas, which held the call sign KWTR from 1998 to 2011
Chul-woo () is a Korean masculine given name. People with this name include:
Lee Chul-woo (born 1939), South Korean politician, member of the Gyeongsangbuk-do Provincial Council
Lim Chul-woo (born 1954), South Korean writer
Lee Chul-woo (born 1955), South Korean politician, member of the National Assembly
Park Chul-woo (born 1965), South Korean football player
Jang Chul-woo (born 1971), South Korean football player
Choi Chul-woo (born 1977), South Korean football player
Park Chul-woo (born 1985), South Korean volleyball player
Lee Chul-woo (born 1992), South Korean model and actor
Son Chul-woo, North Korean cross-country skier, represented North Korea at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Anthony Rains "Tony" Berg (born October 21, 1954) is an American musician, record producer, and A&R representative, in which role they have been described as an "industry guru".
Berg's music career began in the late 1970s as a session guitarist who appeared on notable releases by artists including Air Supply and Debby Boone, as well as on The Rocky Horror Picture Show LP and several Muppet Show records. In the early 1980s, Berg founded Zeitgeist Studios. Their first major success was with Michael Penn's 1989 debut March. From there Berg went on to produce for Edie Brickell, Public Image Ltd, Altered State, Aimee Mann, and numerous other artists.
In the early 1990s, Berg became an A&R executive with Geffen Records, where they played a role in signing artists including Beck, Wild Colonials, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, At the Drive-In and their daughter's band The Like. During this time they continued to produce records and play on a wide variety of releases, among them Peter Gabriel's Up.
In 2004 Berg founded Three Records with industry veteran Michael Rosenblatt and producer Eric Valentine. Their first release was Mellowdrone's Box.
Personal life
Their brothers are Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer and journalist A. Scott Berg, and Jeff Berg, CEO of International Creative Management. Their daughter is musician Z Berg.
Discography
References
1954 births
American male guitarists
American rock guitarists
Record producers from Connecticut
Living people
Rimini is a 2022 drama film directed by Ulrich Seidl. It depicts Richie Bravo, a once-famous Austrian pop singer who has settled in Italy, as well as their estranged daughter and their retired father. Hans-Michael Rehberg plays the father, in their last film role. The film is the first in a diptych; the other film, Sparta, is about Richie's brother, Ewald.
The film premiered in official competition at the 72nd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2022. It also screened at the 2022 Diagonale, where it won the prizes for Best Feature Film and Best Costume Design.
Cast
Michael Thomas as Richie Bravo
Tessa Göttlicher as Tessa
Hans-Michael Rehberg as Father
Inge Maux as Emmi Fleck
Claudia Martini as Annie
Georg Friedrich as Ewald
Production
The film was shot in Austria, Italy, Romania, and Germany for a total of 85 days over the course of a year from March 2017. The shoot in Rimini was set to take place in November 2017, but was postponed until early 2018 because winter fog did not arrive as anticipated.
Seidl and Veronika Franz wrote the diptych originally as one film, with the two plotlines told in parallel, but they decided to split it into two films in the editing process. Seidl said, "the unifying element here is the search for happiness and the attempt to leave one's past behind. But it catches up with you, that is the bitter or perhaps liberating truth that the protagonists ultimately have to face."
Fritz Ostermayer and Herwig Zamernik wrote Richie Bravo's Schlager songs.
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 88%, based on eight reviews, and an average rating of 7.50/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 81 out of 100, based on six critics, indicating "universal acclaim".
Jessica Kiang of Variety called the film "an uncompromising, coldly provocative drama" and wrote that Thomas gives "such an astoundingly deep-dive performance it barely feels like performance at all".
Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian wrote that the film "is managed with unflinching conviction, a tremendous compositional sense and an amazing flair for discovering extraordinary locations", giving it four out of five stars.
References
External links
2022 films
2022 drama films
Austrian drama films
French drama films
German drama films
2020s German-language films
2020s Italian-language films
Films set in Austria
Films set in Emilia-Romagna
Films shot in Italy
Films shot in Romania
Films shot in Austria
Films shot in Germany
Films directed by Ulrich Seidl
2020s French films
Kerugan or Korugan () may refer to:
Korugan, Kerman
Kerugan, Markazi
Ririe Jr./Sr. High School is a public school in Ririe, Idaho.
It was the first school in USA history to sue to withdraw from a county School District. It won the suit in 1963 and formed its own independent school district, #252, with its own superintendent and school board.
History
Ririe High School has been a member of the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools since 1945.
Campus
The Jr/Sr High School consists of two buildings. The main building consists of grades 7–8 on the north wing and grades 9–12 on the south wing. There is also an Ag shop where vocational classes are taught.
Extracurricular activities
Activities available to Ririe students include FFA, Wrestling, Boys Basketball, Girls Basketball, Track and Field, Volleyball, Cheerleading, band, choir, dance team, drama, golf, and scholastic bowl.
Athletics
The Ririe Bulldogs compete in the Nuclear Conference in the Idaho High School Activities Association 2A class.
Curriculum
In addition to its regular curriculum, Ririe students can take vocational courses through Eastern Idaho Technical College.
References
External links
Ririe Junior Senior High School
Public high schools in Idaho
Schools in Jefferson County, Idaho
The 1926 Washington Senators won 81 games, lost 69, and finished in fourth place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
References
1926 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1926 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
Colo-colo is an acidic condiment commonly found in Maluku archipelago, Indonesia. It is believed to have originated in Ambon city, and accordingly is often described as Ambon's sambal. Colo-colo is similar to Manado's dabu-dabu, as they both use many chopped red chili peppers, bird's eye chili, shallots, red and green tomatoes, and a pinch of salt and sugar, mixed with fresh calamansi juice or locally known as lemon cui or jeruk kesturi. (sometimes replaced by kaffir lime or lemon juice). The main difference is that colo-colo recipe often includes additional ingredients, such as chopped lemon basil, kenari nut, and tahi minyak or ampas minyak (black-colored cooking coconut oil residue), or caramelized rarobang (watery residue of coconut oil-making process). As a result, colo-colo is darker and more oily than dabu-dabu.
However, today, because of the rarity and difficulty to acquire traditional cooking oil residue and caramelized rarobang, this oily agent is often replaced by widely available and practical kecap manis (sweet soy sauce) mixed with margarine, coconut oil or cooking oil. As a result, today colo-colo is often mistaken for another Indonesian common condiment, sambal kecap.
Maluku archipelago is famous for its rich collection of seafoods, and colo-colo is usually served as condiment for seafood, especially various recipes of ikan bakar (grilled fish) and ikan goreng (fried fish). Fish commonly served with colo-colo as a dipping sauce or coating include bubara (giant trevally), kakap merah (red snapper), baronang (rabbitfish), cakalang (skipjack tuna), and the endangered ikan kakatua (bullethead parrotfish).
See also
Sambal
Balado
Dabu-dabu
Pico de gallo
Rica-rica
Woku
Papeda
References
External links
Colo-colo recipe
Chili sauce and paste
Dips (food)
Indonesian condiments
Vegetarian dishes of Indonesia
Mac & Devin Go to High School is the collaborative soundtrack to the film of the same name, by American West Coast hip hop recording artist Snoop Dogg and American rapper Wiz Khalifa. It was released on December 13, 2011, by Atlantic Records. The album features guest appearances from Bruno Mars, Juicy J, Curren$y and Mike Posner. The album is supported by the lone hit single, "Young, Wild & Free". The album received positive reviews from music critics, who praised Snoop's and Khalifa's technical rapping abilities and production choices. The soundtrack debuted at number 29 on the US Billboard 200, and has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Background
Snoop Dogg announced plans for the release of a film, and soundtrack alongside Wiz Khalifa back in January, with the release of the song "That Good", originally intended to be the soundtrack's lead single. Wiz Khalifa spoke on the soundtrack saying "It's a real big deal because nobody's done it like that as far as a veteran in the game, an OG, a pioneer and then the newest, youngest, most exciting dude in rap coming through, and really just giving people a complete project," Wiz said. "I'm a fan of it, separate myself from making it, [I'm] a huge fan of it. Can't wait." As far as the musical vibe of the soundtrack, Snoop described it, "It's something to relax you and get you through the day; it's some real good music. The music is quality, I don't even have no title for it, as far as what kinda music is it, it's centric, it's ...," Dogg said searching for the right words before their partner-in-rhyme lent a hand. "Eclectic," Wiz chimed in.
Singles
"Young, Wild & Free", the soundtrack's lead single which features Bruno Mars, and produced by The Smeezingtons, was released on October 11, 2011. In its first week it sold 159,000 digital copies, debuting at number 10 on the US Billboard Hot 100, and number 44 on the Canadian Hot 100. The music video was filmed on October 19, 2011.
Commercial performance
In their home country of the United States, Mac & Devin Go to High School debuted at number 29 on the Billboard 200, selling 38,000 copies in its first week. In Canada, the album debuted at number 96. As of February 2012 the album has sold 107,000 copies in the United States. In 2016 Mac & Devin Go to High School was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), for combined album sales, on-demand audio, video streams, track sales equivalent of 500,000.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2011 soundtrack albums
Albums produced by Cardo
Albums produced by Drumma Boy
Albums produced by Exile (producer)
Albums produced by Jake One
Albums produced by Nottz
Albums produced by the Smeezingtons
Albums produced by Soopafly
Albums produced by Warren G
Atlantic Records soundtracks
Doggystyle Records albums
Wiz Khalifa albums
Snoop Dogg albums
Collaborative albums
Cannabis music
Albums produced by 1500 or Nothin'
Linn County (county code LN) is a county located in east-central Kansas and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 9,591. Its county seat is Mound City, and its most populous city is Pleasanton. The county was named for Lewis F. Linn, a U.S. Senator from Missouri.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
Explorers in the early 19th century came across abandoned mining sites along a creek south of the Marais des Cygnes river. The background of these early miners remains a mystery; but, it inspired early residents of the region to name this waterway "Mine Creek."
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.0%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Miami County (north)
Bates County, Missouri (east)
Vernon County, Missouri (southeast)
Bourbon County (south)
Allen County (southwest)
Anderson County (west)
Franklin County (northwest)
National protected area
Marais des Cygnes National Wildlife Refuge
Demographics
Linn County is included in the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the 2000 census, there were 9,570 people, 3,807 households, and 2,748 families residing in the county. The population density was 16 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 4,720 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.50% White, 0.63% Black or African American, 0.48% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.16% from other races, and 1.06% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.91% of the population.
There were 3,807 households, out of which 28.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.70% were married couples living together, 6.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.80% were non-families. 24.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.00% under the age of 18, 6.70% from 18 to 24, 24.30% from 25 to 44, 25.70% from 45 to 64, and 18.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 100.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,906, and the median income for a family was $42,571. Males had a median income of $31,720 versus $22,287 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,009. About 7.80% of families and 11.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.20% of those under age 18 and 9.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2004, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Pleasanton USD 344
Jayhawk USD 346
Prairie View USD 362
Communities
Cities
Blue Mound
La Cygne
Linn Valley
Mound City
Parker
Pleasanton
Prescott
Unincorporated communities
Cadmus
Centerville
Critzer
Farlinville
Mantey
Trading Post
Townships
Linn County is divided into eleven townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Linn County, Kansas
USS Linn County (LST-900)
References
Notes
Further reading
Plat Book of Linn County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 44 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Linn County - Directory of Public Officials
Other
Linn County News (local newspaper)
Maps
Marion County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
2009 Yokohama F. Marinos season
Competitions
Player statistics
Kits
Other pages
J.League official site
Yokohama F. Marinos
Yokohama F. Marinos seasons
The Ali bin Abi Talib Mosque () is a mosque in Tobruk, Butnan District, Libya.
See also
Islam in Libya
List of mosques in Libya
Tobruk
Mosques in Libya
The Devon and Plymouth Chamber is the largest Chamber of Commerce in the South West of England. iIt is also an accredited member of the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC).
The Chamber is a membership organisation designed to provide a forum for businesses in both the private and public sectors in Devon and to bring about and sustain a favourable business climate conducive to wealth creation in the city.
History
The Devon and Plymouth Chamber is the third oldest Chamber in the UK. It was formed under the presidency of the first Earl of Morley originally as the Plymouth Chamber of Commerce in response to a decision made by the Government in 1813. The Government of the day initiated a 25% cutback in the Royal Navy and as a result the local business area of Devonport was hit hard. In response the civic and business leaders held an emergency meeting at Plymouth's Guildhall and, wishing to exert direct local control over the towns economic future, they formed a Chamber of Commerce.
Present day
The Devon and Plymouth Chamber of Commerce offers services that are common for most Chambers such as membership, networking events, and training courses. It also offers an international trade service.
The Chamber is involved with the Plymouth 2020 urban redevelopment, and other initiatives such as Plymouth's Better Together project, and work in preparing Plymouth to host the Americas Cup in September 2011.
The Chamber has set three main missions to help improve Plymouth and its clients. One is focused on the macroeconomics and business community of Plymouth and surrounding regions, where the aim is to help give clients a better understanding of this.
Another part of this mission is the intention to focus on growing Plymouth's business economy. The Chamber helps build clients business through a structured (but non compulsory) programme of networking and business events, a number of which are hosted and arranged by the Chamber itself.
The Chamber finally acts as a central source and conduit of crucial business information and intelligence. This usually means the Chamber has its best interest to stay ahead when it comes to being knowledgeable about the latest business affairs.
References
Plymouth, Devon
Chambers of commerce in the United Kingdom
Economy of Devon
Organizations established in 1813
1813 establishments in England
Soakibany is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Midongy-Atsimo, which is a part of Atsimo-Atsinanana Region. There are 1251 inscribed voters in this commune.
To this commune belong also the villages of:
Amboangy
Anezandava est
Antaramiery
Bearaotra
Fasikendry
Mahasoa, Soakibany
Manatatoa Atsimo
References and notes
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
Monument to the Fallen Fighters and Victims of Fascism from Slabinja (), simply known as the Slabinja Monument, is a war memorial sculpture located in Slabinja, Sisak-Moslavina County, near Hrvatska Kostajnica, Croatia. The site is dedicated to 547 fallen soldiers and civilians of Slabinja who were killed during the World War II in Yugoslavia.
Author of the monument is Stanislav Mišić. The construction of the monument was completed in 1981.
According to a Croatian researcher Sanja Horvatinčić, this monument seems to be directly inspired by the 1919 Russian constructivist poster Beat the Whites with the Red Wedge by El Lissitzky.
Work on the monument
In the late 1970s, many in Slabinja felt it was necessary to build a proper memorial complex to commemorate the people who had died defending the region during World War II. With help from national League of Communists and regional union of fighters (SUBNOR), the local council of Slabinja organized the monument's construction project, choosing Zagreb-based sculptor Stanislav Mišić to create the complex.
The monument was symbolically unveiled to the public on 30 May 1981, on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the people's uprising against oppression and also was the same month in which the village was finally liberated from Axis forces in 1945. The occasion was celebrated by thousands of the region's inhabitants during a ceremony that included theatrical plays and poetic readings by writer Đorđe Đurić. Speaker of the Parliament of SR Croatia Jure Bilić held a speech during the opening ceremony, while retired Yugoslav Air Force Major General Zdravko Kolar unveiled the monument.
Monument description
The central sculptural element of the monument is a 15 meters tall spire clad in stainless steel, with a large red-painted concrete triangle intersecting the spire at a sharp angle. Arranged around the monument are five engraved stone markers telling the detailed story of Slabinja from 1941 to 1945.
On the central stainless steel spire of the monument are engraved the names and ages of 547 fallen victims (107 soldiers and 441 civilians) of the Axis occupation and aggression. Additionally, in front of the monument, there are five engraved stone markers set into the ground.
See also
Monument to the uprising of the people of Kordun and Banija
List of Yugoslav World War II monuments and memorials in Croatia
References
External links
Slabinja Monument on Spomenik Database
Slabinja Monument on Architectuul
1981 sculptures
Buildings and structures completed in 1981
Buildings and structures in Sisak-Moslavina County
Concrete sculptures
Hrvatska Dubica
Stainless steel sculptures
Yugoslav World War II monuments and memorials
World War II memorials in Croatia
John Norman Murrell FRS (2 March 1932 – 25 January 2016) was a British theoretical chemist who played a leading role in revolutionising the UK's reputation for theoretical chemistry during the second half of the 20th century.
Biography
Murrell was born in Brixton on 2 March 1932. Their father, George Victor Murrell, was a salesperson and bakery manager, and their mother was Winifred Edith née Walker.
At the start of WWII, the family moved to Reigate, where Murrell attended Reigate Grammar School from 1943. In 1950 they were offered a place at King's College London (KCL) to study chemistry. They gained a BSc with First Class Honours in 1953. They then started a Ph.D. in physics at KCL with Professor Christopher Longuet-Higgins, who soon afterward, was appointed to the Chair of Theoretical Chemistry at the University of Cambridge. Murrell joined them as a graduate student at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, and completed their Ph.D. in 1956.
Murrell won a Commonwealth Fund Fellowship to work in Robert S. Mulliken's group at the University of Chicago. They published an influential paper on molecular charge transfer in donor–acceptor pairs. In September 1957, they returned to Corpus Christi and branched out into applications of molecular orbital theory, collaborating variously with Edgar Heilbronner, visiting from Zürich, Alan R. Katritzky, and Norman Sheppard.
In 1960 Murrell was enticed to the University of Sheffield by George Porter. They worked hard to set up their research group and, by the start of their second year at Sheffield, had five Ph.D. students and two postdoctoral associates. During their time at Sheffield, Murrell had two sabbaticals: one at Tallahassee, Florida and the other in Paris with Heilbronner. They were awarded the Chemical Society's Meldola Medal and a John Jaffe Research Fellowship of the Royal Society during this period. They were elected a fellow of the Royal Society in 1991.
Later that decade, Murrell was appointed to the new chair of Theoretical Chemistry at Sussex. They moved there in 1965. Two years later, they were instrumental in the appointment of Harry Kroto, whom they had known at Sheffield, to a lectureship in chemical physics. Murrell retired to become an emeritus professor in 1997; they "maintained an active interest in chemistry regularly working in the University and helping students until a few months before their death."
The John Murrell Fund was set up upon their death in 2016 to support Sussex Chemistry Ph.D. students facing financial difficulties.
Family
Murrell met (Dorothy) Shirley Read at a dance while both were undergraduates; Shirley was studying medicine. They married in Farnborough in 1954. In the 1960s, they had two sons and two daughters, all born in different places: Catharine (Cambridge), Luke (Sheffield), Ruth (Florida), and Adrian John (Sussex).
Shirley forged their career during all of the family moves. They are, for example, a house officer in Wisbech and held a position in the radiotherapy department at Addenbrooke's Hospital. A major achievement was to establish the Martlets hospice in the Brighton area. They retired at 65.
John Murrell died of glioma at St Peter and St James Hospice in North Chailey, East Sussex, on 25 January 2016. They were survived by their wife and their four children.
Books
1963 The theory of the electronic spectra of organic molecules. Chapman and Hall, London
1965 (With S F A Kettle and J M Tedder) Valence theory. John Wiley & Sons, London
1972 (With A J Harget) Semi-empirical self-consistent-field molecular orbital theory of molecules. Wiley Interscience, London
1978 Chemical bond. Wiley-Blackwell
1982 (With E A Boucher) Properties of Liquids and Solutions. Wiley-Blackwell
1984 (With S Carter, S C Farantos, P Huxley and A J C Varandas) Molecular potential energy functions. John Wiley & Sons, Chichester
1989 (With S Bosanac) Introduction to the theory of atomic and molecular collisions. John Wiley & Sons, Chichester.
References
1932 births
2016 deaths
Alumni of the University of London
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
British chemists
Fellows of the Royal Society
People from Brixton
People from Reigate
The Watermill is a piece of music that was published by Ronald Binge in 1958. Elements from it had been used in the score of the British comedy film Our Girl Friday, released in 1953, and it was later used as the theme music for a BBC television adaptation of The Secret Garden.
The Watermill was originally written for the oboe and a string orchestra but may be played on other instruments such as the clarinet. It has placed high in polls of the British public, such as those organised for the programme, Your Hundred Best Tunes.
In popular culture
Was used as the theme music to the Anglia TV series The Wind In The Willows (1969).
Is heard as the theme and background music throughout the ABC Radio comedy series Brunswick Heads Revisited by Angela Webber and Adam Bowen (Australian Broadcasting Commission,1982).
References
Watermill
1958 compositions
The Bird That Drinks Tears (; abbreviated as ) is a series of Korean fantasy novels by Lee Yeongdo. A rare example of the genre Korean Fantasy, the stock characters and clichés of normal western fantasy such as elves, magic, dragons and Latin languages are instead replaced by Korean concepts such as dokkaebi, ssirum, and the Arajit language, which is based on Proto-Korean.
Publishing
The novel was first serialized in Hitel, an internet forum site, continuing the tradition that all novels by Lee Yeongdo are first serialized in the internet. After the conclusion of the series, the book was published by Golden Bough, a publishing company of South Korea. Due to its length, the story was published in four hardcover volumes.
Book 1: Nagas Who Extract Their Hearts
Book 2: Lekons Who Pursue Their Desire
Book 3: Dokkaebis Who Play Their Fire
Book 4: Humans Who Seek Their King
Main characters
Kagan Draka ()
A mysterious human who hunts and eats nagas.  They are chosen as the pathfinder of the Rescue Party that must rescue a naga and bring the naga to Haensha Archtemple. Their name consists of two animals that were made extinct by the naga; their first name 'Kaigon,' means black lion, and their last name Draka, means Dragon.
Beehyung Srable ()
A cheerful dokkaebi, butler to the lord of Jeumeunnuri (즈믄누리).  They are chosen as the magician of the Rescue Party.
Tinahan ()
An arrogant lekon who dreams of climbing on the back of a Sky Fish.  They are chosen as the defeater of the Rescue Party.
Ryoon Pei ()
A young naga who is haunted by the murder of their father, which they witnessed when they were eleven years old.  They are sent on a mission to leave Keyboren and reach Haensha Archtemple, where they must try to save all four races. Because of the death of their father, they fear extracting their heart and ran away from the heart extraction ritual. Their name derives from hanja ryoon (輪), which means 'wheel'.
Samo Pei ()
A female naga renowned for their dancing and swordsmanship.  They are also kind to naga males, which is uncommon behavior in naga society. As a result, the Pei family is popular among males, and Samo becomes an object of jealousy among other families.  They are the elder sister of Ryoon Pei. When Ryoon is accused of murder, they set out to assassinate their brother, according to naga tradition. They later becomes the King of the northern army and fights against the Naga's invasion.
Races
The fictional world of The Bird That Drinks Tears is inhabited by four major intelligent races - Human, naga, lekon and dokkaebi. Other than the humankind, the races that appear in The Bird That Drinks Tears are in most respects Lee Yeongdo's original creations, even though the race of naga and dokkaebi originates from Indian and Korean legends, respectively.
Each race has an individual god, who have their own element that they command. They also gave their respective races a gift.
Human
God-at-Nowhere (Korean: 어디에도 없는 신). Their element is wind; wind comes and goes, but is never at one place. Their gift is Naneui (나늬), a human woman who is perceived as beautiful to all four races.
Naga
Goddess-without-Trails (Korean: 발자국 없는 여신). Them element is water; water does not leave a trail in its path. Them gift is their name, which the protectors (male naga priests) can use to directly communicate with the goddess.
Dokkaebi
God-kills-Himself (Korean: 자신을 죽이는 신). Their element is fire; fire uses up fuel in order to keep burning, eventually killing itself. Their gift is the power to control fire.
Lekon
Goddess-lower-than-Every (Korean: 모든 이보다 낮은 여신). Them element is earth; the earth is beneath everyone. Them gift is Star-steel (별철), which cannot be broken and never rusts.
Animals
Dragon (Korean; 용 Yong)
Unlike in other fantasy novels, dragons in this world are a plant-like species that propagate with spores. When the environment is favorable for the dragon to grow, leaves and flower sprout from the spore while its root develops into a Yonggeun (Dragon root). Then the root grows into a dragon. Like plants, the growth of a dragon reflects the environment that it is raised in; if it grows with horses, the dragon may become a flying horse. If it grows in the sea, the dragon can develop webbed feet. If necessary, a dragon can become nearly humanoid. It was hunted to extinction by the naga, because dragon can set fire to the forest.
Black Lion (Korean; 흑사자 Heuksaja)
They possess fur that emits heat. They were hunted to extinction by the naga, who wished to use their heat-emitting hide as a means to attack the north.
Sky Fish (Korean; 하늘치 Haneulchi)
Huge flying fish. They carry mysterious ruins on their backs. Beetles seem to fear Sky Fish for some unknown reason.
Beetle (Korean; 딱정벌레 Ttakjeongbeolle)
Instead of horses, Dokkaebi breed huge flying beetles as a means of transportation. Dokkaebi managed to teach beetles sign language, and beetles use their antennae to communicate with Dokkaebi. They are usually large enough to carry up to two people (one if the person happens to be a Lekon).
King Eagle (Korean; 왕독수리 Wangdoksuri)
Giant eagles, bigger than alligators
Big Tiger (Korean; 대호 Daeho)
Sequels
Currently, Lee Yeongdo has written only one sequel to The Bird That Drinks Tears which is The Bird That Drinks Blood.
It is expected that Lee Yeongdo will write two more sequels, because of the quote in the series that mentions four birds. In the book there is a riddle about four bird brothers. One bird drank water, one drank poison, one drank blood and one drank tears. The riddle asks who of the four birds will die first. This riddle appears repeatedly throughout both The Bird That Drinks Tears and The Bird That Drinks Blood, and is entwined with many of the themes that run through two series.
Because of this riddle, many people expect that Lee Yeongdo will write two more sequels to this Bird series, The Bird That Drinks Poison and The Bird That Drinks Water. However, Lee Yeongdo has not yet confirmed this rumour and whether they would actually continue to finish all four birds is still unknown.
South Korean fantasy novels
Works by Lee Yeongdo
Novels first published in serial form
2003 novels
Dolnji Slaveči (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
Notable people
Notable people that were born or lived in Dolnji Slaveči include:
Miklós Küzmics (1737–1804), Hungarian Slovene writer and translator
Anton Vratuša (1915–2017), politician and diplomat
References
External links
Dolnji Slaveči on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Grad
Golbui () may refer to:
Golbui-ye Bala
Golbui-ye Pain
The 2011 AIBA World Boxing Championships was held at the Heydar Aliyev Sports and Exhibition Complex in Baku, Azerbaijan from September 22 to October 10, 2011.
The competition ran under the supervision of the world's governing body for amateur boxing, the AIBA, and followed on from the biggest World Championships in AIBA history which was held in Milan, Italy in 2009.
This world championship served as a qualifier for the 2012 Summer Olympics. 685 boxers participated from 127 countries.
The preliminary rounds started on September 26 with the finals being held on October 10.
Results
Medal table
Medal summary
Participating countries
685 competitors from 127 countries participated.
(5)
(4)
(8)
(4)
(7)
(7)
(10)
(1)
(9)
(2)
(2)
(10)
(1)
(2)
(5)
(2)
(6)
(10)
(2)
(5)
(2)
(2)
(5)
(10)
(4)
(7)
(4)
(1)
(5)
(10)
(10)
(5)
(4)
(4)
(5)
(8)
(9)
(3)
(3)
(8)
(1)
(8)
(7)
(4)
(10)
(10)
(7)
(9)
(1)
(5)
(3)
(2)
(4)
(10)
(1)
(5)
(10)
(9)
(8)
(10)
(2)
(9)
(2)
(8)
(4)
(4)
(7)
(9)
(10)
(9)
(1)
(4)
(2)
(1)
(6)
(10)
(8)
(8)
(8)
(2)
(9)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(6)
(6)
(10)
(1)
(8)
(10)
(6)
(2)
(1)
(5)
(5)
(4)
(4)
(9)
(6)
(1)
(4)
(8)
(4)
(3)
(1)
(6)
(10)
(8)
(6)
(8)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(4)
(10)
(10)
(10)
(10)
(10)
(8)
(1)
References
External links
Results
AIBA World Boxing Championships
AIBA World Boxing Championships
2011
AIBA World Boxing Championships
AIBA World Boxing Championships
2010s in Baku
September 2011 sports events in Asia
October 2011 sports events in Asia
Jesus Valenzuela, also known as Joaquin Ocomorenia, the alias used by them as a member of the Five Joaquins Gang, born in Pueblo de Murrieta, they were the brother of Joaquin and Teodoro Valezuela and a cousin of Joaquin Murrieta and their brothers and other Murrieta cousins. They came to California in 1849 with their brothers, Joaquin Murrieta and their brothers and cousins.
Jesus Valenzuela was member of the gang not a leader. After they killed a fellow Mexican in a gold camp they promised their brothers they would return to Sonora but they spent the money they gave them for the trip and stayed in California, running with the band of Tres Dedos. Jesus' nickname Ocho Moreno, dated from their childhood in Pueblo de Murrieta, and was their nickname when they became a member of the Five Joaquins Gang. A garbled form of their alias, Joaquin Ocomorenia became known to the State Legislature and was put on the list of the Five Joaquins.
Jesus took their brother's name as an alias after Joaquin Valenzuela was killed at the Arroyo de Cantua. Under their name Jesus Valenzuela, became an acknowledged associate of Jack Powers and Pio Linares but still called themselves Ochomorenia. Under the name Joaquin Valenzuela, Jesus worked on the Rancho San Emidio, living there with their family, but was known by some as a former Murrieta gang member.
In 1858, following the Rancho San Juan Capistrano del Camate murders, robbery and kidnapping, Jesus was identified by a posse, searching the Rancho San Emidio for the Rancho San Juan murderers, as Joaquin Ocomorenia, thought to be the alias of Joaquin Valenzuela. As Joaquin Valenzuela they were arrested, the vigilantes had believed Jesus was Joaquin Valenzuela who they believed went by an alias Joaquin Ocomorenio. Jesus did not attempt to alert them of their mistake and was hung under their brothers name. The vigilantes after a long search, believed Jesus Valenzuela had escaped their punishment for their crimes with the gang of Pio Linares at Rancho San Juan Capistrano del Camate.
References
Mexican outlaws
Criminals from California
Mexican emigrants to the United States
People of the California Gold Rush
1830s births
Year of birth uncertain
1858 deaths
American outlaws
Outlaws of the American Old West
Five Joaquins Gang
Trisuloides xizanga is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in China (Xizang).
References
Moths described in 2011
Pantheinae
"Hola Señorita" is a song by Congolese-French singer and rapper Maître Gims. It was released as a single from the reissue of their album "Ceinture noire", "Transcendance". The song is partly in Spanish and features vocals from Colombian singer Maluma. A music video for the song was released on 12 May 2019 featuring Leyna Zniber. The song peaked at number 15 in France.
Music video
The song's accompanying music video was shot in Morocco and was released on 10 May 2019. The video garnered 26 million views after a week of its release. It received 435 million views as of July 2021.
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
Maluma songs
Songs written by Renaud Rebillaud
Gims songs
Suryapal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1655 people living in 332 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies (SSCBS) is one of the colleges of the University of Delhi falling under the Faculty of Management Studies and Dept. of Computer Science, imparting education in the fields of management, finance and information technology. The college was established in 1987 by the Ministry of Human Resource Development as the first collegiate business college in India.
History
The college was established as College of Business Studies under the aegis of the Delhi University in 1987. Dr. S.S. Gulshan was behind the idea of undergraduate business management education, and was appointed as the principal of the college.
In 1991, the College of Business Studies was the first college in Delhi University to adopt the semester system for its Bachelor of Business Studies course. The semester system was then implemented in all courses across the university in 2010.
The college was rechristened as 'Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies' in 1997, after the Indian revolutionary, Sukhdev Thapar, who along with Bhagat Singh and Shivaram Rajguru, became part of the independence folklore.
In 1999, the college became the only college in the country to offer a Bachelor of Financial and Investment Analysis Programme, a core finance-based programme spread over six semesters.
Since May 2013, Bachelor of Business studies courses have been transformed to Bachelor in Management Studies, which are directly under the aegis of Faculty of Management Studies. The college also offers a tertiary course namely Bachelor of Science (Computer Science) Honours.
SSCBS is known for its Society Culture throughout Delhi University, with around 30 societies, which is the highest in Delhi University.
Academics
Academic programmes
The college offers the following courses:
Bachelor of Business Administration (Financial and Investment Analysis)
Bachelor of Management Studies
Bachelor of Science - Computer Science (Honours)
Post Graduate Diploma In Cybersecurity & Law
Besides the bachelor's degree courses and diploma course, it also offers various certificate courses on fintech, digital marketing, data analytics, financial modelling and capital markets.
The teaching methodology involves working on live projects, research-based projects, business simulations, case studies, group discussions, assignments, presentations and experiential learning through games.
Admissions
The admission process for Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS) and BBA (Financial Investment Analysis) course is different and relatively more difficult from the regular cutoffs based on Class XII results, as followed in other colleges of the university. The Faculty of Management Studies (FMS) undertakes the responsibility for admissions. Selection criteria for prospective students consist of the following (weightage in admission decisions given in brackets):
1. An objective written test, the Joint Entrance Test - includes a wide variety of questions on verbal skills, quantitative skills, logic, business knowledge, and current affairs (65%) 2.Marks scored in class 12th board examination. (Percentage of the best four subjects including mathematics and English) (35%)
The admission test is highly competitive with only 300 seats (with 150 UR + 150 Reserved category) and a selection ratio of 1:150
The admission to the B.Sc Computer Science programme is done solely on cut-offs based on Class XII performance.
The cutoff of this college is comparatively very high for this course. In 2013, the website MBA Universe ranked SSCBS second best Business Management College in Asia and first in India at Undergraduate level.
Rankings
In 2020 and 2021, SSCBS secured Rank 1 in India Today's "Best Colleges in BBA" ranking.
Professional placements
The professional placements of its graduates and interns are maintained through a dedicated student team at the SSCBS Career Development Centre.
In 2019, 80 companies recruited at CBS.
SIIF- The Incubation Centre
The college has an in-house incubation centre, SSCBS Innovation and Incubation Foundation (SIIF) which is an outcome of Incubation Policy from Govt. of NCT, Delhi. Under this policy, initially 6 institutes from Delhi were selected to develop incubation centre within the institute, with an objective to provide a progressive and comprehensive platform to the entrepreneurs.
Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies (SSCBS) is one of 6 such institutions – Delhi Technical University (DTU), Netaji Subhash Institute of Technology (NSIT), Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies (SSCBS), Ambedkar University Delhi (AUD), Indraprastha Institute of Information & Technology – Delhi (IIIT-D) and Indira Gandhi Technical University for Women (IGDTUW).
It provides mentorship, networking opportunities, incubation and funding support to student entrepreneurs. SIIF works in close association with YUVA, the e-cell to boost the entrepreneurial mindset among students.
Student life
College societies
Members of YUVA, the college's entrepreneurship cell, have built a number of successful startups over the years, including Vahdam Teas which raised $11 Millions in Series C round funding, Hollr, and Instago. The society operates Delhi University's first student-run co-working space and organizes various events like E-summit, Impact Week, and Investors Pitch Day.
The college has the Indian chapter of IFSA Network, from which students have won case study competitions including the Harvard Global Case Competition. IFSA members are engaged with different finance events in India and abroad.
Enactus-SSCBS, the social entrepreneurship society won the 2017 Enactus World Cup and qualified in top 12 teams in World Water Race. They were also the national winners in 2016. It is currently working on three projects: Project Khidki: which aims to eliminate malnutrition from slum communities; Project Avya, which provides low cost, customised water purifiers to slum dwellers, and Project Pravaah, which aims to rectify indoor air pollution.
180 Degrees Consulting, Mark-it, Synergy, Nucleus are among other academic societies.
Among cultural societies, the college has 'Verve'- the street play society,'Illuminati' - the quizzing society, 'Dhwani'- the music society, 'Fourth Wall Productions'- the dramatics society, 'Blitz'- the dance society, and others, winning a number of competitions and producing several actors and singers.
Notable alumni
Aditi Arya - Indian actor and model
Kanu Behl, Film director and screenwriter
Anuj Thakur
See also
Education in India
Literacy in India
List of institutions of higher education in Delhi
References
External links
Business studies
Official College Website
College Details
Business schools in Delhi
Universities and colleges in Delhi
Business Studies
1987 establishments in Delhi
Educational institutions established in 1987
Daniel Beneš (born 19 March 1970) is a Czech business person and the CEO of the ČEZ Group. They have been with the company since 2004, and was previously employed at Bohemiacoal. They received their MBA at Technical University of Ostrava.
References
Czech businesspeople
Living people
1970 births
The men's high jump event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 11 and 13 September 1979.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Courtney William Alymer Thomas Kenny (25 December 1835 – 12 December 1905) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from the Marlborough Region, New Zealand.
Courtenay and their wife (Georgina Paulina Edith Kenny, 1835–1899,) are reported to have arrived in Port Nicholson on the 'Philip Laing' 23 December 1856 and to have established and named the 'Lochmara Run' in Queen Charlotte Sound / Tōtaranui, centred on Double Cove and what was to become Lochmara Bay in 1857. They later farmed ‘The Rocks' in Double Cove, until their deaths.
Courtenay Kenny is reported to have been born in India, probably Moulmein (now in Burma), to an Indian army officer. Their wife was born in Geilston, Dumbarton, Scotland, also to an Indian army father. Both were educated in England.
Kenny, having risen from ensign to captain in the 88th (Connaught Rangers) Regiment of Foot, served in Crimea and then exchanged to the 94th (Scotch) Regiment. They were founding Captain of the Marlborough Volunteers 1860-1 and Marlborough Commissioner of Crown Lands 1862–1866, then represented the Picton electorate from an 1866 by-election till 1881, when they retired. They were appointed to the New Zealand Legislative Council on 15 May 1885 and served until their death on 12 December 1905.
References
1835 births
1905 deaths
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
People from Picton, New Zealand
19th-century New Zealand politicians
People from Mawlamyine
Confessions of a Queen is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström based upon a novel by Alphonse Daudet, Les Rois en Exil. Only an incomplete print of the film survives.
The film's sets were designed by the art director James Basevi.
Plot
The King of Illyris (Lewis Stone) marries a neighboring princess (Alice Terry), who finds out they have a mistress, Sephora (Helena D'Algy). Revolted, they turn to Prince Alexei (John Bowers) for friendship. Turmoil increases as a revolution demands the abdication of the King and the Queen opposes this decision.
Cast
References
External links
Lobby poster; Confessions of a Queen
Period advertisement for the film
Still at silentfilmstillarchive.com
1925 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
1925 drama films
American black-and-white films
Films based on works by Alphonse Daudet
Silent American drama films
Films based on French novels
1920s American films
Krakau (German) or Krakow (Sorbian) was a small town in what is now the district of Bautzen in Saxony, Germany. It was located within the Sorbian area, where many inhabitants traditionally speak the West Slavic Sorbian language, and it shared its name with the much larger Polish city. The town was entirely vacated in 1938 when the area became a military training area. After the war, the town was briefly repopulated, before the Soviet occupation troops again evicted the inhabitants to resume use of the area for military purposes. The town was destroyed.
Krakau had 380 inhabitants as of 1834, 430 as of 1890 and 478 as of 1938. A memorial plaque commemorates the town.
References
Former municipalities in Saxony
Andrew Christie may refer to:
Andrew D. Christie (1922–1993), Delaware Supreme Court Justice
Andrew Christie, Christie-Cleek
Bear River High School is a public high school in the Nevada Joint Union High School District in Grass Valley, California, United States. It is located across the street from Lake of the Pines. It had approximately 300 graduates in the 2006–2007 school year, for a 98.5% graduation rate. 52.1% completed CSU/UC prep. 90.6% of the students self-identified as white.
Its camaraderie-focused music program, a highlight of the school's culture is known for its successes in various competitions and school-based concerts, most notably, Fantasy of Stars, featuring many of its best musical groups. Its show group, Starlite, is also a unique attribute to Bear River High School, as it is a talented show choir, but with band members rather than a backing track. Bear River Music's motto is: "Improving the lives of audience member and performer alike through musical excellence, professionalism, and pride."
Its main rival is Colfax High School located in Colfax, and the annual Bear River vs. Colfax football game is a popular school event each year.
Notable alumni include professional skateboarder John Cardiel and Adrian Molina writer and co-director of Pixar's Coco.
References
External links
Nevada Joint Union High School District
Bear River High School
Bear River Music Program website
Public high schools in California
High schools in Nevada County, California
1986 establishments in California
is a song by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation. It was released as the second single of their major-label debut album, Kimi Tsunagi Five M, on October 16, 2003. The song's b-side, "Rocket No.4," was later included on the band's 2006 anniversary compilation, Feedback File. "Kimi to Iu Hana" was ranked at 3rd on fans request for band's 10th anniversary live setlist on September 14, 2013.
Music video
The music video for "Kimi to Iu Hana" was directed by Toshiaki Toyoda. A majority of the PV was filmed near a lake and an apartment complex. The video begins with a small man dressed in an elf costume dancing to the song while walking across a pier. AKG is then shown performing between the apartments and the lake. This is intercut with various scenes which depict the band running, angling, and finally joining the man in dancing across the pier. The video ends with an image of a flower dangling on a fishing hook. In 2004, the video won the award for Best New Artist Video at the SPACE SHOWER Music Video Awards.
Track listing
Cover versions
Marié Digby - Second Home (2009)
KANA-BOON - AKG TRIBUTE (2017)
Personnel
Masafumi Gotō – lead vocals
Kensuke Kita – lead guitar, background vocals
Takahiro Yamada – bass, background vocals
Kiyoshi Ijichi – drums
Asian Kung-Fu Generation – producer
Yusuke Nakamura – single cover art
Charts
References
Asian Kung-Fu Generation songs
2003 singles
Songs written by Masafumi Gotoh
2003 songs
Ki/oon Music singles
HP Application Security Center (ASC) was a set of technology solutions by HP Software Division. Much of the portfolio for this solution suite came from HP's acquisition of SPI Dynamics. The software solutions enabled developers, quality assurance (QA) teams and security experts to conduct web application security testing and remediation. The security products have been repackaged as enterprise security products from the HP Enterprise Security Products business in the HP Software Division.
Products
HP Application Security Center consisted of the following products:
HP Assessment Management Platform software for managing a web application security testing program across the application lifecycle
HP WebInspect software for web application security testing and assessment
HP QAInspect software for standardized web application security testing during quality assurance (QA) testing
In May 2008, HP Software announced the availability of HP Application Security Center through HP Software as a Service [] along with the announcement of new releases of the HP Application Security Center products.
In September 2009, HP announced that it was discontinuing the HP DevInspect software products, formerly part of HP Application Security Center. HP stated that it had switched its focus to solutions for entire development groups rather than on a tool for individual developers. HP DevInspect was software for individual developers to use in creating secure web applications and services, and it integrated with specific IDEs (Integrated Development Environments). HP DevInspect for .NET operated with Microsoft Visual Studio, and HP DevInspect for Java operated with Eclipse or Rational (IBM) Application Developer.
Benefits
HP Application Security Center solutions helped find and fix security vulnerabilities for web applications throughout the application software development lifecycle (SDLC). By catching security vulnerabilities early in the application development lifecycle, organizations could reduce web attacks and vulnerabilities in their web applications. While some security vulnerabilities may exist in the web server or application infrastructure, at least 80 percent of those vulnerabilities existed in the web application itself.
HP Application Security Center also creates compliance reports for more than 20 laws, regulations and best practices, including PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard). PCI DSS is a worldwide information security standard defined by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council.
More Information on Application Security
Application security
SQL injection
Cross-site scripting
PCI DSS Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard
External links
HP Software
HP Enterprise Security
References
Application Security Center
The Gangbuster Bill, formally known as the "Gang Deterrence and Community Protection Act of 2005", was a proposed piece of legislation in the U.S. Congress.
Description
Principally sponsored by Representative Randy Forbes, a Republican from Virginia, with a number of co-sponsors, the Gangbuster Bill would have allowed teenage gang members to be tried as adults and have increased the mandatory minimum sentence to ten years for some violent gang-related crimes. The bill passed the House of Representatives 279-144 with mostly Republican support. The bill was widely supported by a number of national law-enforcement organizations, such as the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the National Sheriffs' Association. The legislation failed to pass the Senate, in part due to opposition from some African-American and Hispanic-American organizations, such as the National Council of La Raza.
The proposed legislation pursued two principal goals:
Designate "High Intensity Gang Areas" and authorize funds to combat gang activity in those areas.
Define gang crime in the federal code and specify punishments for gang-related crimes and other violent crimes.
In 2007 Rep. Forbes reintroduced the legislation, which has currently been referred to the House Committee on the Judiciary.
Legislative History
References
External links
Proposed legislation of the 109th United States Congress
Proposed legislation of the 110th United States Congress
Proposed legislation of the 111th United States Congress
United States proposed federal criminal legislation
The Bangladesh cricket team toured Zimbabwe from 4 to 21 August 2011. The tour consisted of one Test match and five One Day Internationals (ODIs) played against the Zimbabwean national team and one first-class match played against a Zimbabwean representative team. The Test match was Zimbabwe's first since India toured Zimbabwe in 2005. Zimbabwe won the Test match by 130 runs and also won the one-day series 3–2.
Squads
Bangladesh announced its squad for the Test match and ODI series on 15 July 2011. Zimbabwe announced its squad for the Test match and ODI series on 1 August 2011:
Tour matches
Zimbabwe XI vs Bangladeshis (3-day match)
Test series
Only Test
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
5th ODI
References
2011 in Bangladeshi cricket
2011 in Zimbabwean cricket
2011
International cricket competitions in 2011
The Jozini Local Municipality council consists of forty-five members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Twenty-three councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in twenty-three wards, while the remaining twenty-two are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received.
In the election of 1 November 2021 the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) won a majority of twenty-four seats.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
August 2016 to November 2021 by-elections
The IFP, DA and EFF later gained an outright majority following a by-election held on 4 April 2018 in which a ward previously held by an ANC councillor was won by the IFP candidate. Council composition was reconfigured as seen below:
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Jozini
Elections in KwaZulu-Natal
Casey, Crime Photographer (aka Crime photographer; Flashgun Casey; Casey, Press Photographer; Stephen Bristol, Crime Photographer) was a media franchise, in the 1930s until the 1960s. Created by George Harmon Coxe, the photographer Casey was featured in radio, film, theater, novels, magazines and comic books, and television.
Launched in a 1934 issue of the pulp magazine Black Mask, the character Jack "Flashgun" Casey, was a crime photographer for the newspaper The Morning Express. With the help of reporter Ann Williams (portrayed on radio and TV by Jan Miner), they solved crimes and recounted their stories to friends at The Blue Note, their favorite tavern.
George Harmon Coxe
Casey's creator, George Harmon Coxe, was the 1964 recipient of the Mystery Writers of America's prestigious Grand Master Award representing the pinnacle of achievement in the mystery field. This award represents significant output of quality in mystery writing.
Black Mask
"Flashgun" Casey began in the March 1934 issue of Black Mask, in the story Return Engagement. This story was later used in the film "Here's Flash Casey". Twenty more stories appeared in the magazine over the next decades, and collections of these stories were published in anthology form as well. Two of the subsequent novels were serialized in the magazine, in addition to the 21 short stories.
In 1941, three parts of the early novels; Silent are the Dead were published in Black Mask in September, October and November as Killers Are Camera Shy; and in 1943, Murder for Two was serialized in January, February and March as Blood on the Lens.
Novels
Coxe wrote five novels featuring Casey.
Deadly Image (1964)
Error of Judgement (1961)
The Man Who Died Too Soon (1962)
Murder For Two (1943)
serialized in Black Mask over three issues.
Silent Are the Dead (1942)
serialized in Black Mask over three issues.
Paul Ayres (Pseudonym of Edward S. Aaron) wrote a novel starring Casey, based on the works of Coxe
Dead Heat (1950)
Films
Women Are Trouble (1936)
Here's Flash Casey (1938)
Radio
Begun as stories in Black Mask, the stories were brought to radio under multiple names. The series aired on CBS for its entirety. 07/07/43 - 11/16/50 and 01/13/54 - 04/22/55.
Selected cast
Matt Crowley, Casey
Staats Cotsworth, Casey
Jan Miner, Ann Williams
John Gibson, Ethelbert
Titles of show
Flashgun Casey
Casey, Crime Photographer
Casey, Press Photographer
Crime Photographer
The radio show was sustained by the network, sponsored by Anchor Hocking, Toni home permanents, Toni Shampoo and Philip Morris. The Blue Note was a jazz club; the Archie Bleyer Orchestra and first Herman Chittison and later The Teddy Wilson Trio were featured, usually in the introduction and wrap up of the show.
Comic books
Marvel Comics predecessor Timely Comics published four issues of a comic book tie-in to the radio show. The series began in August 1949 and ended in February 1950. Art was provided by regular Timely artist Vernon Henkel.
Television
In 1951 the popular series moved to television
First Telecast: April 19, 1951
Last Telecast: June 5, 1952
Cast
Jack "Flashgun" Casey (June 1951-April 1952): Darren McGavin
Ann Williams: Jan Miner (reprising their role on radio)
On Darren McGavin's website, they are quoted as saying "The cast of Crime Photographer didn't go down fighting. "They took off for the hills. It was so bad that it was never re-run, and that's saying something when you recall the caliber of television programs in those days."
References
1951 American television series debuts
1952 American television series endings
CBS original programming
Crime fiction
American crime television series
Television shows based on American novels
Edgar Award-winning works
Hoseynabad-e Alizadeh (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e ‘Alīzādeh; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Husainābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. According to the 2006 census, its population was 45 in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Charles Augustin Baron Liedts (2 December 1802 in Oudenaarde – 21 March 1878) was a Belgian liberal politician.
Born into the Bourgeoisie of Oudenaarde they became only 28 years young member of the National Congress of Belgium. After they became governor of Antwerp.
They were President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 17 November 1843 until 20 May 1848. By royal Command they were created Baron Liedts by King Leopold II. They were Minister of Finance from 1852 to 1855.
They were married to Lady Rose de Haen 1815–1876.
Honours
1847: Minister of state, by Royal Decree.
1870: Created Baron Liedts, by Royal Decree.
Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold.
1ste Class in the Order of the Red Eagle.
Knight Grand Cross in the Order of the Netherlands Lion.
Knight Grand Cross in the Order of the Iron Crown.
Grand Officer in the Legion of Honour.
Grand Officer in the Saxe-Ernestine House Order.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
References
Sources
Charles Liedts (Dutch)
1802 births
1878 deaths
Belgian Ministers of State
Finance ministers of Belgium
Governors of Hainaut (province)
Free University of Brussels (1834–1969) alumni
Members of the National Congress of Belgium
People from Oudenaarde
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Grand Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Lochan Sròn Smeur is an upland loch in Tayside, Scotland.
References
Sron Smeur
Tay catchment
Sron Smeur
In Greek mythology, Titias (Τιτίας) or Titius (Τίτιος) was one of the Idaean Dactyls.
Mythology
Titias and their brother Cyllenus were said to have been venerated in Phrygia as companions of Cybele and "guides of fate of cities". The two, as well as the other Idaean Dactyls of Crete, were sons of the nymph Anchiale. As to the father, Titias was said to have been either a son of Zeus or the eldest of the sons of Mariandynus. Some sources spoke of them as a local hero of the Mariandyni tribe in Northern Anatolia under whose leadership the population increased and was brought to prosperity, and who was eventually deified by the Mariandynians. A city was named Titios after him.
Titias' sons were Priolaus, Lycus and Mariandynus; some authors named Bormus instead of Priolaus, as both were noted for having mourning songs performed in memory of them. Priolaus was said to have been killed in a battle against the Bebrycians, which the Mariandynians won thanks to the assistance of Heracles, who also won a competition against a local man during the funeral games of Priolaus.
See also
Dascylus
Notes
References
Apollonius Rhodius, Argonautica translated by Robert Cooper Seaton (1853-1915), R. C. Loeb Classical Library Volume 001. London, William Heinemann Ltd, 1912. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Apollonius Rhodius, Argonautica. George W. Mooney. London. Longmans, Green. 1912. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Children of Zeus
Characters in Greek mythology
Greek mythology of Anatolia
Imma mormopa is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1910. It is found in on Ambon Island in the Moluccas of Indonesia.
The wingspan is 14–15 mm. The forewings are purple blackish with four thick transverse suffused whitish-fuscous streaks, the first two straight, the third curved, sharply indented towards the dorsum, the fourth from two-thirds of the costa to the tornus, curved and narrower. There is a whitish-fuscous discal spot between the second and the third. The hindwings are dark fuscous with straight whitish-fuscous postmedian and subterminal transverse streaks, the former suffused with white on the upper half.
References
Moths described in 1910
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
The Hockey East Goaltending Champion is an annual award given out at the conclusion of the Hockey East regular season, typically to the goaltender who held the lowest Goals Against Average (GAA) in conference games during the regular season.
The Goaltending Champion was first awarded in 1985 and every year thereafter.
The current record for lowest GAA against conference opponents in a season is held by Jimmy Howard of Maine with a 1.15 Goals Against Average, set during the 2003–04 season.
Six players have won the award multiple times, with Scott King winning three times. The others, Derek Heriofsky, Michel Larocque, Ty Conklin, Matti Kaltainen and Cayden Primeau won twice. King, Larocque and Primeau managed to win the award in consecutive years.
In recent years, the title has occasionally been awarded based on overall merit rather than based on statistics. This has occurred three times, the first in 2016–17 to Collin Delia of Merrimack who held the highest save percentage in conference games (.928%) rather than lowest GAA. Similarly, it was awarded to Jeremy Swayman of Maine in 2019–20 for their conference-leading .934% save percentage. In 2020-21, Spencer Knight of Boston College was awarded the title with a .937% mark, which was tied for the top save percentage in conference games with Filip Lindberg of Massachusetts. However, Knight played nearly double the minutes and had the highest winning percentage in conference games in the league.
Award winners
Winners by school
See also
Hockey East Awards
References
General
Specific
External links
Hockey East Awards (Incomplete)
College ice hockey trophies and awards in the United States
College ice hockey goaltender awards in the United States
Nucleoporin 43 (Nup43) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NUP43 gene.
Bidirectional transport of macromolecules between the cytoplasm and nucleus occurs through nuclear pore complexes (NPCs) embedded in the nuclear envelope. NPCs are composed of subcomplexes, and NUP43 is part of one such subcomplex, Nup107-160 (Loiodice et al., 2004).[supplied by OMIM] Along with other nucleoporins.
Structure
It folds into a canonical WD40 repeat domain.
Disease association
High expression of NUP43 in breast cancer is associated with poor overall survival. In chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), reduction of miRNA-409-5p increases the expression of NUP43 that in turn enhances proliferative potential, cell cycle progression, and imatinib resistance.
Some Nup43 variants have been characterized as causal for the onset of cardiovascular disease (CVD), while Nup43 expression has been associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
References
Further reading
External links
Nuclear pore complex
Dr. Hinrich Johannes Rink (first name sometimes as Henrik) (26 August 1819 – 15 December 1893) was a Danish geologist, one of the pioneers of glaciology, and the first accurate describer of the inland ice of Greenland. Rink, who first came to Greenland in 1848, spent 16 winters and 22 summers in the Arctic region, and became notable for Greenland's development. Becoming a Greenlandic scholar and administrator, they served as Royal Inspector of South Greenland and went on to become Director of the Royal Greenland Trading Department. With "Forstanderskaber", Rink introduced the first steps towards Greelandic home rule.
Rink carried out and printed in four volumes the first systematic collection of Greenlandic oral tradition stories. They were the founder of Atuagagdliutit, the first Kalaallisut language newspaper.
Early years
Rink was born in Copenhagen to Holstein parents. Their father was Johannes Rink (1783–1865), a Kiel, Germany merchant, and their mother was Agnese Margaretha (née Hedde) Rink (1793–1865); both were from Dithmarschen. They had a brother, Johan Jacob Rink (1815–1849).
Initially taught by a private teacher, they later went to study at the Sorø Academy. They studied physics and chemistry at the University of Kiel, receiving the university's Gold Medal in chemistry in 1843. For a time, they served as Assistant Professor under William Christopher Zeise. They graduated with a Ph.D. from the University of Copenhagen. Rink studied medicine during the winter of 1844–45, taking an anatomy course and listening to lectures in Berlin. They were often depressed and vacillated with regard to their future.
Career
At the suggestion of Hans Christian Ørsted, it was in Berlin that they received an offer to participate as a mineralogist for the first of the Galathea expeditions aboard the frigate Galathea. The voyage lasted from 1845 through 1847. They were intent on going to Calcutta, but they ended up at the Nicobar Islands, colonized by Denmark at the time, to investigate them geographically. After five months they fell ill with Nicobar Fever, weakening them the rest of their life, and forcing their return to Denmark. On the return trip, they stopped in Cairo and Malta, where, in October 1846, they collected geological materials. In 1847, their first major geographical work, "The Nicobarese islands", was published.
From 1848 until 1851, with public support, they went to Western Greenland for geological and glaciological studies at Upernavik and Umanak. Here, they lived among the Kalaallit which gave them an opportunity to study them. But their objective was to create a map of Greenland based on the surveys that they performed and those of others. They were able to survey large areas of Western Greenland's fjords and their glaciers. In the last year, they spent some time in Ilulissat and sailed to Paakitsoq, a bay in Western Greenland. They travelled by sledge to Sermeq Kujalleq in the spring of 1851. They mapped the Greenland coast, and made the first geological map of it. Rink's surveys are notable as the first in a series of ice margin change surveys that have lasted over 150 years. Rink returned to Copenhagen in 1851 where they took a seat in a Commission that dealt with the trade monopoly in Greenland. On behalf of the Commission, they went back to Greenland in 1852, and subsequently published the book About the monopoly of trade in Greenland.
The following year, they entered the service of the monopoly trade and was the first colonial administrator in Godthaab and Julianehåb. They studied the Arctic Ocean ice, its origins, movement and composition and in 1853, they published their essay, On the spread and movement of ice over the North Greenland mainland. From 1857 to 1868, they were a royal inspector of South Greenland. During their years as a civil servant, they published their main work, Greenland and statistically described geography, which is the first standard work on Greenland after Hans Egede's "Perlustration" of 1729.
In 1855, Rink found the late 18th century printing press of missionary Jesper Brodersen and began printing small items, the first of which was a handbill dated 21 October 1855. Two years later, Rink acquired a small, Danish printing press and a lithographic press. Rink established a print shop in Godthaab in 1861, the South Greenland Press, and founded the first Greenlandic language newspaper, Atuagagdliutit (translation: "Readings"). Its first issue was published in January 1861, and it was published monthly thereafter. In addition to the newspaper, the print shop published pamphlets.
Rink actively cared for the welfare of the Inuit, with whom they had close contact. It was their idea and under their guidance, that the Commission's board members were introduced, which ensured Greenlanders' influence on their own affairs. In 1858, they called on local people to learn their artistic traditions. They helped discover and promote the artists Jens Kreutzmann and Aron of Kangeq. Rink studied the Greenlandic language and folklore; Eskimo tales and legends was published in 1866.
In 1868, forced to leave Greenland for health reasons, Rink again returned to Copenhagen. From 1871 until 1882, they served as Director of the Royal Greenland Trading Department. In that capacity, they headed the Greenlandic trade administration. In Copenhagen, they founded the Grønlænderhjem for young Inuit to learn a craft so they could more easily obtain employment.
Rink was a Corresponding Member of the Royal Geographical Society. They received the Silver Medal from the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters in 1852.
Personal life
Rink, tall and thin, was almost emaciated in frame. In 1853, they married Sophia Nathalie Nielsine Caroline Møller (born 1836, Godthaab), nicknamed Signe. Signe was born and raised in Greenland. They were the daughter of Paamiut colonial administrators Jørgen Nielsen Møller and Antonette Ernestine Constance Tommerup. Signe published short stories about the lives and problems of Greenlanders.  They are considered to be the first woman who wrote about Greenlandic culture. They were also instrumental in preserving the works, woodcuts and watercolors of Jens Kreutzmann and Aron of Kangeq.
Little is written about Rink's children; there may have been three.
As their only daughter, Antoinette Margrethe Rink (b. 1855) moved to Christiania, Norway, Rink and their wife retired there in 1882, and they finished their last work. Rink died in 1893 as the leading expert of their day on Greenland. A memorial built of stone in Godthaab contains a plaque with the inscription kalatdlit asavai ilisimavai (translation: "He loved the Greenlanders, knew and defended them").
Legacy
The Hinrich Rink collection of over 140 manuscript maps also includes cards upon which they and others had drawn. It is now in the Royal Danish Library.
Rink Glacier (Kangilliup Sermia) and Rink Glacier (Melville Bay) in northwest Greenland are named in their honor.
Partial works
Danish Greenland : its people and products
The Danish trade areas in North Greenland, their geographic nature and productive industry sources ("De danske handelsdistrikter i Nordgrønland, deres geographiske beskaffenhed og produktive erhvervskilder", in Danish)
The East Greenland dialect according to the annotations made by The Danish East Coast Expedition to Kleinschmidt's Greenlandic Dictionary
The Eskimo tribes : their distributions and characteristics, especially in regard to language, with a comparative vocabulary and a sketch-map
The girl and the dogs : further comments
Greenland, geographically and statistically described
Greenlanders and Danes in Greenland
The interior of Greenland and the opportunity to travel the same
The Origin of the Eskimo as traced by their Language.
The Reason Why Greenlanders and Similar People Living by Hunting Decline Materially Through Contact with Europeans
Tales and traditions of the Eskimo: with a sketch of their habits, religion, language and other peculiarities
The Danish trade areas in North Greenland, their geographic nature and productive industry sources ("De danske handelsdistrikter i Nordgrønland, deres geographiske beskaffenhed og produktive erhvervskilder", in Danish)
References
Garboe, A. (1961). Geologiens historie i Danmark: 2. Copenhagen: Reitzel.
External links
Photographs by Rink
1819 births
1893 deaths
Danish anthropologists
Danish geologists
Danish polar explorers
History of Greenland
University of Kiel alumni
University of Copenhagen alumni
Scientists from Copenhagen
Danish people of German descent
19th-century Danish scientists
Ghar () is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Manik Chatterjee, released in 1978. It stars Vinod Mehra, Rekha in lead roles. The music was composed by R. D. Burman.
The film was remade in Tamil as Kaadhal Kiligal and in Malayalam as Aa Raathri.
Plot
Vikas Chandra (Vinod Mehra) and Aarti (Rekha) have recently married and they move into their new apartment. One day they go out to watch a late night Hindi movie at a local cinema theatre. The movie gets over well after midnight and as no cab is found at that hour, they decide to walk home on foot. On the way, they are suddenly waylaid by four men, who assault Vikas, leaving them unconscious and forcibly take Aarti with them. When Vikas regains consciousness they find themselves in hospital with a head wound.  They are informed that Aarti is in the same hospital, after being gang-raped and assaulted. This incident makes headlines in the media and is also a subject of discussion by politicians during their election campaign. Vikas feels haunted by this incident and does not know how to act further. Aarti, on the other hand, has been completely traumatised and is unable to trust any male. Now the couple faces a serious crisis leading to a loveless relationship, and only a miracle can bring the old spark back into their married life.
Cast
Vinod Mehra as Vikas Chandra
Rekha as Aarti
Prema Narayan as Seema
Asit Sen as Mr. Chatterjee
Dinesh Thakur as Dr. Prashant
Asrani as Inspector Kumthekar
Madan Puri as Vikas' Father
Tarla Mehta as Aarti's mother
Master Alankar as Raghu
C.S.Dubey as Banwarilal
Viju Khote as Havaldar Bachan singh
Major Anand as Mr.Dave (office colleague of Vikas)
Shashi Kiran as Dilip (office colleague)
Akbar Bakshi as the man who haunts Aarti
Yasmin as nurse
Madan Kumar
Accolades
Music
The soundtrack of the film contains 5 songs. The music is composed by R. D. Burman, with lyrics by Gulzar.
"Phir Wahi Raat Hai" is considered to be one of the most loved filmi songs of all time.
Trivia
The office scenes were shot in the office of New India Assurance Co., Mumbai
References
External links
1978 films
1970s Hindi-language films
Films about women in India
Films about rape in India
Hindi films remade in other languages
Films scored by R. D. Burman
Michael Evelyn Adams (31 May 1920 – 6 February 2005) was a British journalist who worked for the BBC.
Life
Born in Addis Ababa, Michael Adams studied at Christ Church, Oxford. During the Second World War, they were shot down over the North Sea while serving with the Royal Air Force and was a prisoner of war in Germany for the rest of the conflict. They subsequently became a journalist, and was Middle East correspondent for The Guardian from 1956 to 1962, when they took a year's sabbatical in Italy. They subsequently continued to keep up association with The Guardian as a freelance journalist.
Adams was almost the only British journalist to report on Israel's treatment of Palestinians in 1967. They helped found the Council for the Advancement of Arab-British Understanding (CAABU) in 1967, and served as its first Director. They were editor of Middle East International until 1981. In 1975 they and Christopher Mayhew wrote Publish It Not: The Middle East Cover-Up, a pro-Palestinian work on the Middle East conflict.
References
1920 births
2005 deaths
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
BBC newsreaders and journalists
British expatriates in Ethiopia
British male journalists
British World War II prisoners of war
People from Addis Ababa
The Guardian journalists
Shot-down aviators
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
The Grand Theatre of Rabat (; ) is a large performing arts center under construction in Rabat, the capital city of Morocco. The building is designed by Zaha Hadid and their architectural firm Zaha Hadid Architects. Planning began for the project in 2010 and construction officially started on October 7, 2014. Completion of the project was scheduled for late 2019. The building is among the last projects designed by Zaha Hadid before their passing in 2016.
The construction of the theatre is part of a wider national initiative by King Mohammed VI to promote the arts and cultural development. The Grand Theatre is planned to be one of the centerpieces of a new 110-hectare mixed-use district on the shores of the Bou Regreg River, including malls, residential areas, a national archive, a new archaeological museum, and a business district with skyscrapers on the Salé side of the river.
The curving design of the structure is inspired by both the nearby river's winding course and by the aesthetics of Arabic calligraphy. Other elements take their cues from Islamic architecture. The building includes an 1800-seat interior theatre and a 7000-seat open-air amphitheatre.
References
Buildings and structures in Rabat
Zaha Hadid buildings
Theatres in Morocco
Events
January
– Planned opening of MRT Sungai Buloh-Serdang-Putrajaya Line phase 2.
– Phase I of the Klang Valley Double Tracking is due completion (Rawang to Simpang, Kuala Lumpur to Simpang Bangsar, Simpang Batu to Kuala Lumpur, Sentul to Simpang Batu and Simpang Bangsar to Salak Selatan)
March
– opening (after delays).
April
April 30 – São Paulo Metro Line 17 expected to start operation.
– Planned opening of the Thessaloniki Metro.
May
– Expected opening of the Mostytska and Prospekt Pravdy stations on the Syretsko–Pecherska line of the Kyiv Metro as part of the extension to Vynohradar.
June
– Indonesia's Jakarta–Bandung high-speed rail operation start.
July
July 31 – Estimated opening of the Milan Metro Line 4 extension to San Cristoforo.
– Estimated opening of the Red Line of the Tel Aviv Light Rail.
– The North Triangle Common Station is scheduled to be partially opened, after various delays in its construction due to disputes in its location.
– MRTA Yellow Line opening.
– Delivery of 27 additional train sets for the LRT Kelana Jaya Line is scheduled to start
August
August 7 – Tampere light rail Phase 2A will commence operations to Santalahti.
November
– Planned completion of the MBTA South Coast Rail Phase I to New Bedford and Fall River, Massachusetts.
December
– Scheduled start of Mumbai–Ahmedabad high-speed rail corridor operation, though delays to as late as October 2028 are likely.
– Extension of in Taipei to opens.
Unknown date
– Parramatta Light Rail opening.
– Koralm Railway opening.
– Scheduled completion of the Basque Y.
– Expected opening of the Line 6 Finch West.
– O-Train Trillium Line Stage 2 expected opening date.
– Expected completion of Toronto's Eglinton Crosstown light rail project.
– Expected opening of Santiago Metro Line 2 extension to Hospital El Pino.
– Expected opening of Santiago Metro Line 3 extension to Plaza de Quilicura.
– Expected opening of the Line D (Prague Metro).
– Expected first 200 km/h service.
– Start of test operation of Rail Baltica.
– Helsinki Metro's extension West Metro Phase 2 opening (Phase 1 opened in 2017).
– RER E extension to Nanterre-La Folie.
– Opening of Bhoj Metro.
– Greater Jakarta LRT operation start.
– claimed Milan–Verona high-speed railway completion.
– Tortona–Genoa high-speed railway expected completion.
– Expected opening of Milan Metro Line 1 extension to Monza.
– Possible completion of Kyushu Shinkansen extension. Likely to be delayed until 2025.
– Umeda Freight Line will start passenger operations in Osaka.
– Scheduled withdrawn of 201 series from Osaka urban trains managed by JR-West.
– Extension of the Kita-Osaka Kyuko Railway to Minō-Semba-Handaimae station and Minō-Kayano station.
– Possible completion of the rail line to Riga Airport (part of Rail Baltica). Due to construction delays, it will be uncertain.
– Electrification of Daugavpils–Krustpils, Rēzekne–Krustpils and Krustpils–Riga lines.
– Expected opening of Toluca–Mexico City commuter rail.
– Earliest claimed completion of Tren Maya intercity railway.
– The Philippine Department of Transportation expects partial operations of the North–South Commuter Railway by the third quarter of this year.
– Scheduled rolling stock replacement of all commuter trains departing from Moscow Leningradsky railway station.
– Expected introduction of Control cars.
– Claimed Gulf Railway completion.
- Riyadh Metro will be opened in 2023.
– claimed Budapest–Belgrade railway upgrades completion.
– claimed Belgrade-Niš upgrades completion.
– Busan streetcar opening, the first tram in South Korea after 1968 demolishing.
– Limmattal light rail line phase 2 opening.
– Thailand's Northeastern HSR Phase 1 operation start.
– claimed Grey Line (Bangkok) opening.
– Turkish high-speed network to reach 3,500 km length instead of previously claimed 11,700 km.
– Edinburgh Trams extension.
– South Wales Metro opening.
– Tri-mode trainsets to be introduced in the Wales.
– Oxford–Bedford railway reopening.
– Great British Railways to take over as owner of the UK rail network from Network Rail
– West Midlands Metro Line 2 is expected to start operations to Brierley Hill.
– Avelia Liberty trains are expected to be introduced, replacing Acela Express trains along the Northeast Corridor.
– Latest expected date the San Joaquin and Altamont Corridor Express are to be extended to Natomas.
– Altamont Corridor Express service is expected to be extended to Ceres.
– Los Angeles International Airport people mover is expected to begin operation.
– Uinta Basin Rail expected to commence operations.
– OC Streetcar is expected to begin service in Orange County, California.
– Brightline service to Orlando International Airport is expected to begin.
– The Link light rail Line T is expected to be extended to the Hilltop neighborhood of Tacoma, Washington.
– Scheduled completion of the Gemas-Johor Bahru Electrification Double Tracking Project
References
Almost Heroes is a Canadian comedy television series that premiered on June 2, 2011 on Showcase, and ran for one season (eight episodes) before being discontinued by Showcase at the beginning of the 2011 fall season. The series is centered on the lives of two brothers, Pete and Terry, played by Ryan Belleville and Paul Campbell, running their late father's comic book store, "The Silver Salmon". The series was created by brothers Jason Belleville and Ryan Belleville. The series also stars well-known Canadian comedian Colin Mochrie. Canadian comedian Fraser Young is one of the writers and story editors for the show.
Plot
After the death of their father, brothers Terry and Peter inherit their suburban comic book store. The older brother Terry, returning from dropping out of business school at Harvard, decides to stay and help manage the comic book store after learning that the store is deep in debt.
Cast and characters
Main cast
Paul Campbell as Terry, a business student at Harvard who returns to their hometown to save their father's store
Ryan Belleville as Pete, Terry's dimwitted but well-meaning younger brother
Dave Hemstad as Dan, an owner of a neighboring sports store who bullies the brothers
Lauren Ash as Bernie, a childhood friend of the brothers with a crush on Terry
Meghan Heffern as Candi, Bernie's boss
Athena Karkanis as Rayna, employee of the landlord
Colin Mochrie as Boyd, a security guard at the strip mall
Recurring cast
Josh Granovsky as Young Terry
Alex Cardillo as Young Pete
Episodes
References
External links
Poster for the show
canada.com article on the show
Globe and Mail article on the show
The Correctness article on the show
2010s Canadian sitcoms
2011 Canadian television series debuts
2011 Canadian television series endings
Showcase (Canadian TV channel) original programming
Television shows set in Canada
English-language television shows
Television series by Corus Entertainment
Television series by Entertainment One
Television series set in shops
Television shows about comics
Environmental Lands Acquisition and Protection Program abbreviated as ELAPP is a taxpayer funded land acquisition and conservation strategy in Hillsborough County, Florida. The program began in January 1987 when the Hillsborough County Commissioners approved ordinance with $21 million in acquisition funding over four years. In 1990 voters approved a 20-year bond issuance for additional land purchases. Again in November 2008 another bond program was approved by voters for up to $200 million. In the 20 years up to 2008, more than 50 land purchases had been made including several in the Hillsborough River watershed. Approximately $200 million had been spent with an estimated 38 percent coming from outside sources.
Land acquisitions
Cypress Creek Preserve, 2,547 acres (in Pasco County)
Temple Terrace Riverfront Park, 118-acre
See also
Environmentally Endangered Lands Programs
References
Protected areas of Hillsborough County, Florida
Environmental conservation
Environment of Florida
1987 establishments in Florida
External links
ELAPP History Project
University of South Florida Libraries: Environmental Lands Acquisition Protection Program Collection Images documenting ELAPP's work in protecting over 61,000 acres of rare and important habitat in Hillsborough County, Florida.
University of South Florida Libraries: Environmental Lands Acquisition and Protection Program Oral History Project Oral histories from people who were directly involved in ELAPP's beginnings and successful growth.
"Get Enough" is a song by English musician Paul McCartney, released as a surprise single on 1 January 2019.
Release
"Get Enough" was a surprise release with no promotion from McCartney or their label prior to its release. The song is a non-album track and does not feature on their Egypt Station studio album standard (or Target) version but later featured on CD (only) on the "Traveller's Edition" and "Explorer's Edition" box sets version of the album (a strictly limited Deluxe edition of 3,000 copies released on 10 May 2019 for the former version and a widespread edition to be released on 17 May 2019 for the latter version). The release of the song marked 2019 as the 59th consecutive year (since 1961) either The Beatles, or a member of that group, has released a single or an album during the calendar year. The song reached number 21 on the Brazilian iTunes chart and number 39 on the Japan Airplay Top 100 chart.
Composition
"Get Enough" is a piano ballad that features heavy use of Auto-Tune to alter McCartney's voice. McCartney was originally concerned about the possible backlash of using Auto-Tune, but decided to use it based on The Beatles' willingness to embrace new production techniques.
The song was co-written and produced with McCartney by Ryan Tedder and Zach Skelton and was one of three songs McCartney produced with Tedder during the recording of their album Egypt Station including "Fuh You" and "Nothing for Free".
Track listing
Streaming single / CD box set edition
"Get Enough" – 2:58
Personnel
Paul McCartney – lead vocal, bass guitar, piano, acoustic guitar, harpsichord, synthesizer, synth-bass and drums
Ryan Tedder – programming, background vocals
Zach Skelton – editing and programming 9
References
2019 singles
2018 songs
Paul McCartney songs
Capitol Records singles
Song recordings produced by Ryan Tedder
Songs written by Paul McCartney
Pop ballads
2010s ballads
Songs written by Ryan Tedder
Songs written by Zach Skelton
Millstone Coffee was a brand of coffee sold in the US, a division of The J.M. Smucker Company. The company sold whole bean and ground coffee in retail settings and on its website.
History
The company was founded in Everett, Washington, in 1981. Founder Phil Johnson sold 100-pound sacks of Arabica beans to high-end coffee shops in the greater Seattle area, and pioneered the idea of selling whole-beaned coffees to supermarkets.
Johnson sold the company to Procter & Gamble in 1996, which closed down most of the Everett operation and runs the company from Ohio. Johnson took the assets P&G did not purchase and created the Cascade Coffee company, which continues to do business in Everett.
In January, 2008, Procter & Gamble announced plans to create an independent company named The Folgers Coffee Company. The company consisted of three segments: Retail, Commercial, and Millstone.
On November 6, 2008, The J. M. Smucker Company announced the completion of its merger with The Folgers Coffee Company. On September 9, 2016, J.M. Smucker Co. announced its decision to discontinue the Millstone brand, citing 'lack of sustainable demand'.
References
External links
Coffee brands
Food and drink companies established in 1981
The J.M. Smucker Co. brands
Pöschl is a surname, and may refer to:
Albert Pöschl (21st century), German bass player for the band Queen of Japan
Franz Pöschl (1917–2011), officer in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II and a general in the Bundeswehr of West Germany
Hanno Pöschl (born 1949), Austrian actor
Ulrich Pöschl (born 1969), director of the multiphase chemistry department at the Max-Planck-Institute for Chemistry in Mainz, Germany
Jack Mahony (born 12 November 2001) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). They were recruited with the 34th draft pick in the 2019 AFL draft.
Early football
Mahony played football for the Sandringham Dragons in the NAB League for two seasons. They also played for Vic Metro in the AFL Under 18 Championships for two seasons, as well as for their school side at St Kevin's College, Melbourne.
AFL career
Mahony debuted in North Melbourne's four point loss against the Hawthorn Hawks in the fourth round of the 2020 AFL season. They collected 8 disposals and one tackle on debut.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of 2020
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2020
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 35 || 10 || 3 || 2 || 28 || 56 || 84 || 12 || 26 || 0.3 || 0.2 || 2.8 || 5.6 || 8.4 || 1.2 || 2.6
|- style="background:#EAEAEA; font-weight:bold; width:2em"
| scope="row" text-align:center class="sortbottom" colspan=3 | Career
| 10
| 3
| 2
| 28
| 56
| 84
| 12
| 26
| 0.3
| 0.2
| 2.8
| 5.6
| 8.4
| 1.2
| 2.6
|}
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
North Melbourne Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sandringham Dragons players
Piotr Ibrahim Kalwas (born 4 November 1963) is a Polish novelist, journalist, and twice nominated for the Nike Literary Award.
Biography
Piotr Ibrahim Kalwas was born in 1963 in Powiśle, Warsaw to a family of Catholics in Poland. Their father is a former Minister of Justice of Poland, Andrzej Kalwas. In their youth, Piotr Kalwas was a member of the youth punk subculture. They studied at a university, but was expelled, and earned a living by taking simple jobs, most notably when they worked as an illegal immigrant construction painter in Norway for 3 years and where they met their wife, Agata. Then they became involved in business, most notably as a restaurant manager in Warsaw, and they were among the writers of the popular Polish 1990s series "The World According to the Kiepski Family" (in their book, "Salam", Kalwas described "The World According to the Kiepski Family" as "the most intense show in the history of Polish television ").
In 2000, after long journeys to Asia and Africa, Kalwas converted to Islam and assumed the middle name of "Ibrahim". According to Kalwas himself, their religious views are close to Sufism, although they are not Sufi. In 2008, they moved to Egypt with their wife and son, and lived for 8 years in Alexandria from 2008 until 2016. Kalwas's life and work in Egypt became the main theme of their literary work – reportages for Polish media and several books. Kalwas lived in Egypt for eight years, but after publishing the book "Egypt: Haram, Halal" they left the country because of concerns about personal and family safety, considering the critical nature of their books and reports about Egyptian society, even the Egyptian government in some instances.
They currently live in Gozo, Malta. He's married and has a son.
Novels
Salam, 2003
Czas, 2005 – nominated for the Nike Literary Award 2006, the action takes place in Eritrea
Drzwi, 2006
Rasa mystica: traktat około Indii, 2008
Dom, 2010
Tarika, 2012
Międzyrzecz, 2013
Egipt: Haram Halal, 2015 (reportage) – nominated for the Nike Literary Award 2016
Ukrainian translation: "Єгипет: харам, халяль", translated by , "Choven" (Човен, "Boat") Publishing House, 2018, .
Archipelag Islam, 2018
Gozo. Radosna siostra Malty, 2020
Dziecko Księżyca, 2021
References
Polish writers
Converts to Islam from Catholicism
1963 births
Living people
Polish Muslims
Polish journalists
Writers from Warsaw
The 1965 Kentucky Wildcats football team represented the University of Kentucky in the Southeastern Conference during the 1965 NCAA University Division football season. The Wildcats scored 202 points while allowing 160 points, finishing 6-4 overall, 3-3 in the SEC.
Season
Rick Norton and Sam Ball were chosen as team captains.
Kentucky opened with a 7-0 win at Missouri. Missouri finished the season ranked #6 in the nation, with a record of 8-2-1. Kentucky entered Week 2 of the season ranked #10 in the country.
The second game was a 16-7 win against Ole Miss. Kentucky advanced to a #6 ranking in the AP poll.
A loss at Auburn (23-18) was followed by a 26-24 win against Florida State. A 31-21 loss at LSU was followed by a 28-10 win over Georgia and a 28-8 victory over West Virginia. Kentucky then was ranked again in the AP poll, at #10.
Next was a 34-0 win over Vanderbilt. Kentucky retained its #10 ranking in the AP poll.
At that point Kentucky was offered a bid to the Gator Bowl but turned it down, hoping for a better bowl invitation. However, star quarterback Rick Norton suffered a broken leg in the next game, which ended up being a 38-21 loss at Houston, and a 19-3 loss to Tennessee left the Wildcats with a 6-4 record and no bowl game.
Schedule
Team players in the 1966 NFL and AFL Drafts
References
Kentucky
Kentucky Wildcats football seasons
Kentucky Wildcats football
Tillandsia ariza-juliae, the wand airplant, is a species in the genus Tillandsia. It is native to the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Pruinariza'
References
ariza-juliae
Flora of the Dominican Republic
Flora of Puerto Rico
Plants described in 1959
Corowa Shire was a local government area in the Riverina region in southern New South Wales, Australia. The area was located adjacent to the Murray River and the Riverina Highway.
The Shire included the towns of Corowa, Howlong, Balldale, Coreen and Daysdale, Rennie and Mulwala.
It was established in 1955 through a merger of the Corowa Municipality and Coreen Shire.
Amalgamation
A 2015 review of local government boundaries by the NSW Government Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal recommended that the Corowa Shire merge with the Lockhart and Urana shires to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately 16,000. The council was dissolved on 12 May 2016 and along with Urana Shire the area became part of the new Federation Council
Council
Composition and election method
At the time of dissolution, Corowa Shire Council was composed of nine councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All councillors were elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The last election was due to be held on 8 September 2012. However, only nine candidates, being the below, nominated for election. There being no additional candidates, the election was uncontested.
References
1955 establishments in Australia
2016 disestablishments in Australia
Former local government areas of New South Wales
The Ottawa St. Anthony Italia is an amateur soccer club based in Ottawa, Ontario. The club was founded in 1952 as the St. Anthony men's soccer team and played in a local league. In 1959, the team consolidated with another local team known as "Italia" to form Ottawa St. Anthony Italia. In 1965, the team joined the Quebec National Soccer League, where it won 5 championships. More recently, the men's competitive team won the Open Canada Cup and the Canadian National Challenge Cup to become champions in 2006.
The organization currently fields multiple teams in both recreational and competitive divisions of the Ottawa-Carleton Soccer League and ERSL, East Region Soccer League, including youth and adult men's and women's teams.
History
The team was runner-up to the Windsor Border Stars in the 2004 Open Canada Cup.
In 2006, Italia were Open Canada Cup and Canadian National Challenge Cup champions.
In 2013, the boys U14 team won the Eastern Ontario District Soccer Association L5 league, and was promoted to the ERSL.
In 2018, the men's team were finalists in the Ontario Cup, losing 1-0 to Caledon FC.
2006 Open Canada Cup
The competitive club's most recent triumph came with winning the Open Canada Cup in 2006, defeating the Toronto Lynx who, at the time, were members of the USL First Division, two tiers above Italia in the Canadian soccer pyramid.
Roster
The roster from the Open Canada Cup final, 24-Sep-2006.
Honours
2006 Ontario Cup
2006 Open Canada Cup
2006 Canadian National Challenge Cup
Address
523 St. Anthony Street, Ottawa, Ontario, K1R 6Z9
References
External links
Official Ottawa St. Anthony Italia SC Website
Official Website of the Ottawa-Carleton Soccer League
Sa
The Sign of Four is a 1923 British silent mystery film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Eille Norwood, Isobel Elsom and Fred Raynham. The film is based on the 1890 novel The Sign of the Four by Arthur Conan Doyle, and was one of a series of Sherlock Holmes films starring Norwood.
Premise
Holmes and Watson are called in to investigate a strange murder in South London which appears to have its roots in events in India some years before.
Production
Previous Watson performer Hubert Willis was replaced by Arthur M. Cullin in the role as director Maurice Elvey felt that Willis was too old to woo the much younger Isobel Elsom as Mary Morstan. Norwood was unimpressed with Cullin in the role although Cullin brought previous experience having played Watson to H. A. Saintsbury's Holmes in The Valley of Fear.
The climactic chase on the Thames was shot on location.
Cast
Eille Norwood - Sherlock Holmes
Isobel Elsom - Mary Morstan
Fred Raynham - Prince Abdullah Khan
Arthur M. Cullin - Doctor John Watson
Norman Page - Jonathan Small
Humberston Wright - Doctor Sholto
Henry Wilson - Pygmy
Madame d'Esterre - Mrs Hudson
Arthur Bell - Inspector Athelney Jones
See also
Sherlock Holmes (Stoll film series)
References
External links
1923 films
British silent feature films
1923 crime films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
Sherlock Holmes films based on works by Arthur Conan Doyle
British black-and-white films
British crime films
1923 mystery films
British mystery films
1920s British films
Silent mystery films
Silent thriller films
Keibu Keioiba or Kabui Keioiba is a mythical creature in the Meitei mythology and folklore of Manipur. They have the head of a tiger and the body of a human.  They are often described as half man and half tiger.
Legend says they were once a skilful priest named Kabui Salang Maiba. With their witchcraft, they transfigured themselves into the form of a ferocious tiger. As a punishment of their pride, they could not completely turn back to their original human form.
Story
Keibu Keioiba was human in daytime and tiger during nighttime. During night, they wandered around for food in their tiger form. One night, they came across an old woman's house. They were to devour them The old woman said that their wrinkled skin would not be tasty. They suggested them a neighbourhood's young beautiful lady named "Thabaton" in their place. Thabaton was the only sister in a family with seven brothers. The old woman informed Keibu Keioiba about the absence of the seven brothers at home. The brothers had gone for a work for a very long time. Keibu Keioiba was instructed some tricks by the old woman. The trick was to open the door of Thabaton's house. As instructed by the old woman, Keibu Keioiba did so. At first, they failed. But at the second time, they succeeded to make Thabaton open the door. Keibu Keioba forcefully took Thabaton away from their house.
Meanwhile after the incident, the seven brothers returned home from their work. They found Thabaton missing in the house. They asked the old woman about their sister. They told them that Keibu Keioiba had taken them away. The seven brothers prepared their weapons. They set out in search for their sister. On the other hand, Keibu Keioiba did not eat Thabaton. Instead, they made Thabaton their wife. They lived together in the woods. The seven brothers never stopped searching for their sister in the woods. One day, they saw Thabaton. When they came close to her, they saw a man and a baby with them The brothers gave a signal to Thabaton about their arrival. When Keibu Keioiba went away for a hunt, Thabaton met them brothers. They planned to escape from that place. When Keibu Keioiba returned, Thabaton gave them an Utong (bamboo pipe). The Utong was hollow on both the sides. They told Keibu Keioiba to fetch some water from the stream with that Utong. Keibu Keioiba went out to fetch water with the hollow Utong. In Keibu Keioiba's absence, the seven brothers burnt the house of Keibu keioiba and killed the baby. They ran away with their sister. On the other hand, Keibu Keioiba could not fetch the water with the Utong. Whenever they fetched water, the water leaked afterwards. A crow was observing their activities from a treetop. The crow said, "Keibu Keioiba Naning Namang Hotrong Ho, Natu Leima Kangkok". The crow's statement indicates the foolish nature of Keibu Keioiba and the escape of their prisoner-wife. The crow said it multiple times. Keibu Keioiba noticed the crow's strange statement. So, they quickly returned home. When they reached home, they found their burned house, their dead son and their wife missing. Their anger knew no bound. So, they charged towards the house of Thabaton. The seven brothers were already aware that Keibu Keioiba would come back. So, they were all prepared with their weapons. As soon as Keibu Keioiba came towards them, they fought Keibu Keioiba with their weapons. Finally, Keibu Keioiba died at the hands of the seven brothers. After the death of Keibu Keioiba, Thabaton and their seven brothers lived happily ever after.
In contemporary culture
Keibu Keioiba (Tiger Head), a 2009 Meitei language animation film, was produced, featuring the legend of Keibu Keioiba.
Yamata Amasung Keibu Keioiba () is a Meitei language play that interweaves the stories of the two legendary creatures, Yamata-no-Orochi of Japanese mythology and Keibu Keioiba of Meitei mythology (Manipuri mythology). The role of Keibu Keioiba was firstly played by Kshetrimayum Priyobrata and then secondly played by Pangambam Tyson Meitei.
See also
Werewolf
Manticore
References
External links
Meitei folklore
Meitei literature
Meitei mythology
"Ramble On" is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their 1969 album Led Zeppelin II. It was co-written by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant, and was recorded in 1969 at Juggy Sound Studio, New York City, during the band's second concert tour of North America. In 2010, the song was ranked number 440 on list of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. In 2019, Rolling Stone ranked the song number 5 on its list of the 40 greatest Led Zeppelin songs.
Composition and recording
The song's lyrics, particularly in the third verse, were influenced by The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien, mentioning among other things the dark land of Mordor, Gollum, and The Evil One. Page explained that they achieved the smooth, sustaining violin-like tone on the solo by using the neck pickup on their Les Paul with the treble cut and utilising a sustain-producing effects unit built by audio engineer Roger Mayer.
Live performances
Until 2007, "Ramble On" was never performed live in its entirety at Led Zeppelin concerts. At the Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert on 10 December 2007, at the O2 Arena in London; Page ended the song with a brief section of the bridge from "What Is and What Should Never Be".
Reception and charts
In a retrospective review of Led Zeppelin II (Deluxe Edition), Michael Madden of Consequence of Sound praised the remastering of "Ramble On", believing the track now sounds "mellow and well-balanced". Madden further stated the track "gets a boost from John Paul Jones' garter snake bass playing." When reviewing the added bonus tracks of the Deluxe Edition, Madden called the rough mix of "Ramble On" as the best of all the bonus tracks, calling Page's acoustic strums "particularly driving".
In 2007, "Ramble On" reached number 66 on the Canadian Billboard Hot Digital Singles Chart.
See also
List of cover versions of Led Zeppelin songs – "Ramble On" entries
References
External links
1969 songs
Led Zeppelin songs
Music based on The Lord of the Rings
Songs written by Jimmy Page
Songs written by Robert Plant
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Page
Atlantic Records singles
San Pablo Creek is an creek in Contra Costa County, California, United States, which drains the canyon or valley between the San Pablo Ridge and the Sobrante Ridge, parts of the Pacific Coast Ranges east of San Francisco Bay.
The creek runs from the southeast to the northwest, originating near Orinda and flowing into San Pablo Bay. It drains one of the largest watersheds in the East Bay, comprising some . The creek has 34 named tributaries. The creek was dammed in 1919, forming the San Pablo Reservoir. Briones Reservoir, constructed in 1964, dams the Bear Creek tributary. San Pablo Reservoir essentially splits the creek in two, with about half of the creek and its related feeder creeks on either side of the artificial lake; for much of its course, it runs parallel to Wildcat Creek, which drains from Wildcat Canyon, the next valley to the west. The East Bay Municipal Utility District (EBMUD) gets less than 10% of its water from the creek.
Overview
The tributaries are as follows: Appian Creek, Baden Creek, Barn Creek, Bear Creek, Big Oak Creek, Briones Reservoir, Cascade Creek, Castro Creek, Coal Mine Creek, Clark Creek, Dutra Creek, El Toyonal Creek, Greenridge Creek, Inspiration Creek, Kennedy Creek, La Colina Creek, Lauterwasser Creek, Leastrot Creek, Lila Creek, Miner Creek, Newell Creek, Oak Creek, Oursan Creek, Overhill Creek, Rose Creek, Russel Creek, San Pablo Reservoir, Sather Creek, Schoolhouse Creek, Siesta Valley Creek, Tarry Creek, Tin House Creek, Wagner Creek, Wilkie Creek and Wire Ranch Creek.
The creek is helped by many community organizations. The city of San Pablo has organized cleanups, as has the Friends of Orinda Creeks. The San Pablo Watershed Neighbors Education and Resources Society (SPAWNERS) goes further than just garbage and weed cleanups and includes restoration efforts and watershed studies. SPAWNERS has built and maintained a creek bank restoration site and California native plant demonstration gardens at the El Sobrante Library adjacent to downtown El Sobrante since 2000. SPAWNERS also maintains a creek re-vegetation site at the El Sobrante Boys and Girls Club as well as an outdoor classroom project along Wilkie Creek (a tributary of San Pablo) behind De Anza High School. The damming of the creek has limited threatened steelhead spawning sites but has allowed it to continue to survive there. Native Ohlone shell mounds were once found along the creek, especially near San Pablo Bay.
San Pablo Creek's delta, located within the city limits of Richmond, is known as San Pablo Creek Marsh, and its are filled with an abundance of wildlife, including endangered species such as the California clapper rail, the salt marsh harvest mouse, the threatened black rail, the salt marsh wandering shrew, and the San Pablo vole. Other animals present are the shy salt marsh harvest sparrows which live in the sloughs, while salt marsh yellow throats live among the willows that grow along the transition between fresh creek water and salty bay water.
History
The San Pablo Canyon through which the creek flows was in the early 19th century an open grazing area shared by adjoining Mexican ranch owners. In the latter years of the 19th century, a narrow gauge railroad, the California and Nevada, ran down the canyon as far as Orinda. The company intended to construct their line past Orinda all the way to the mining districts of Nevada, but the railroad was plagued by washouts in the canyon every winter, and was relegated to serving weekend picnickers traveling from the cities on San Francisco Bay. The line through the canyon was abandoned upon the acquisition of the California and Nevada by the Santa Fe Railroad.
See also
List of watercourses in the San Francisco Bay Area
Notes
External links
San Pablo Creek -- Guide to San Francisco Bay Area Creeks
SPAWNERS, San Pablo Watershed Neighbors Education and Resources Society.
Creek Walkthrough with many images
Bodies of water of Richmond, California
San Pablo, California
Rivers of Contra Costa County, California
Rivers of Northern California
Tributaries of San Pablo Bay
Stephen David Krasner (born February 15, 1942) is an American academic and former diplomat. Krasner has been a professor of international relations at Stanford University since 1981, and served as the Director of Policy Planning from 2005 to April 2007 while on leave from Stanford.
A realist, they are known for their contributions to International Relations and International Political Economy.
Education
Krasner was born on February 15, 1942 in New York City. They were raised in Manhattan. They received their bachelor's degree from the Department of History at Cornell University in 1963, where they were a member of the Quill and Dagger society. They earned their master's degree from Columbia University. In 1972, they completed their PhD at Harvard University. They did their PhD dissertation on the international coffee market. At Harvard University, they were influenced by Albert Hirschman.
Career
Before coming to Stanford University in 1981, Krasner taught at Harvard University and University of California, Los Angeles. They were the editor of International Organization from 1986 to 1992.
Krasner is the author of six books and over ninety articles. They have taught courses on international relations, international political economy, international relations theory, policy making, and state-building at Stanford University. They received a dean's award for excellence in teaching in 1991. At Stanford University, Krasner has been an advisor to Daniel Drezner and
Krasner was a key figure in establishing Regime theory as a prominent topic of study in IR, in part through the 1983 edited collection International Regimes. Krasner is a key figure in the development of Hegemonic stability theory. Krasner was influenced by Robert Gilpin.
They have written extensively about statehood and sovereignty.
Krasner is credited with incorporating the idea of punctuated equilibrium into the social sciences and contributing to critical juncture theory.
Krasner is a senior fellow at Stanford's Hoover Institution.
Krasner was named Director of Policy Planning in the State Department by their former Stanford University colleague Condoleezza Rice.
Bibliography
Are Bureaucracies Important? (1972)
State Power and the Structure of International Trade" (1976)Defending the National Interest: Raw Materials Investment and American Foreign Policy (1978)Structural Conflict: The Third World Against Global Liberalism (1985)Compromising Westphalia (1996)Sovereignty: Organized Hypocrisy (1999)Addressing State Failure (2005)Building Democracy After Conflict: The Case For Shared Sovereignty (2005)Power, the State, and Sovereignty: Essays on International Relations (2009)
Edited worksInternational Regimes (1983)Exploration and Contestation in the Study of World Politics (co-editor, 1999)Problematic Sovereignty: Contested Rules and Political Possibilities (2001)
Selected articles
Krasner, Stephen D. 1984. "Approaches to the State: Alternative Conceptions and Historical Dynamics." Comparative Politics 16(2): 223–46;
Krasner, Stephen D. 1988. "Sovereignty: An Institutional Perspective." Comparative Political Studies'' 21(1): 66–94.
References
External links
State Department Biography
Stanford University Homepage
Beyond Intractability: International Regimes
Interview with Stephen Krasner by Theory Talks
1942 births
Directors of Policy Planning
Stanford University Department of Political Science faculty
School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University alumni
Cornell University alumni
Harvard University alumni
Living people
Political realists
The first lady or first gentleman of Hawaii is the spouse of the governor of Hawaii, an unpaid ceremonial position. Territorial spouses carved out their roles in varied ways, from traditional wives who raised the children and supported their husbands, to philanthropists and society hostesses. Perhaps the most personal insight into any of the spouses came from territorial governor Sanford B. Dole. Three years after the death of Anna Prentice Cate Dole, they published a small book, "for those who loved and still love Anna—my dear wife" detailing their courtship and marriage, their love of poetry, and the admiration the first governor of the Territory of Hawaii had for their wife.
Nancy Quinn bridged the change of history, as the wife of the last governor of the Territory of Hawaii and first governor of the State of Hawaii. They believed their position was to put family first, being their husband's support in a place and time when Hawaii had not yet worked out financial accommodations for care of the governor's family. Beatrice Burns was a nurse and polio survivor; so far, the only governor's spouse of Hawaii who served their term while in a wheelchair. The agendas of the first spouses have evolved as the country's social history has. Jean Ariyoshi helped reforest Hawaii with "A Million Trees of Aloha." Lynne Waihee put children's literacy first on their agenda. Vicky Cayetano was a business owner before they married Governor Ben Cayetano. Through their business acumen, a trust fund was created to erect a new residence for Hawaii's governor.
First ladies of the Territory of Hawaii
First ladies of the State of Hawaii
See also
Spouses of the Mayors of Honolulu
References
Bibliography
Further reading
(Multiple pages referring to Anna Cate Dole)
Lists of spouses
Lists of people from Hawaii
Governor of Hawaii
"Don't Say No Tonight" is a 1985 single by Eugene Wilde. The single was their second number one on the R&B chart in the US, where it spent three weeks at the top spot. The single was their most successful on both the R&B and pop charts.
Chart positions
References
1985 songs
1985 singles
Songs written by Eugene Wilde
Arnbackia is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Arnbackia include:
Arnbackia novaezelandiae Brewin, 1950
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Royal Palm may refer to:
Royal palm or Roystonea, a genus of palm trees
Royal Palm (train), a passenger train of the Southern Railway
Royal Palm (turkey), a breed of domestic turkey
See also
Royal Palm Golf and Country Club, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan
Royal Palms Resort and Spa, Phoenix, Arizona
Royal Palm Hotel (disambiguation)
FitzGerald is a large lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west-southwest of the crater Cockcroft, and about two crater diameters to the northeast of Morse.
This is an impact crater with features that have become softened and eroded by subsequent impacts in the vicinity. The younger satellite crater FitzGerald W is attached to the exterior along the northwest. Faint ray material extends from the southeastern rim of this satellite across the western floor of FitzGerald, although it is unclear if this impact is the source or if it came from the rayed crater Moore F to the north.
Several smaller craters also lie along the rim of FitzGerald, with a joined pair along the eastern rim and two more along the western edge. The inner walls display some indications of past slumping and terracing, although these features have become smoothed out with time. The interior floor is a near level, featureless plain, with some slight irregularities to the northeast.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to FitzGerald.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
L.A. Confidentiel: Les secrets de Lance Armstrong (L.A. Confidential: Lance Armstrong's Secrets) is a book by sports journalist Pierre Ballester and The Sunday Times sports correspondent David Walsh. The book contains circumstantial evidence of cyclist Lance Armstrong having used performance-enhancing drugs. The book has only been published in French.
A key witness for the authors was Armstrong's and their teammates' masseuse and soigneur Emma O'Reilly. They revealed that they have taken clandestine trips to pick up and drop off what they concluded were doping products.
Many of the incidents and allegations in the book were later featured in the USADA 2012 report on the US Postal Service cycling team, which led to Armstrong being stripped of most of their titles by the UCI. Many 2012 news reports would feature O'Reilly and others previously reported on in the book.
Process
In the mid-1990s, Walsh had been a fan of Lance. Walsh claims that what first raised doubts in their mind about Armstrong was their bullying of Christophe Bassons at the 1999 Tour de France.
In April 2001 they were granted an interview with Armstrong. It left Armstrong angry.
In 2003 Walsh contacted former US Postal soigneur and masseuse Emma O'Reilly. They had been reluctant to talk to the press for years out of loyalty to Armstrong and the team. They claimed that they were motivated to cooperate with Walsh after they came to believe that several riders had died of blood doping. O'Reilly was paid 5,000 pounds, after reviewing several transcripts and chapter drafts and doing PR for the book for Walsh.
Defamation lawsuits
Armstrong denied the claims. They and their lawyers filed lawsuits in various countries against the book's authors and the publisher Editions de la Martiniere, as well as against newspaper The Sunday Times which referenced the book, and the publishers of magazine L'Express which printed excerpts. Their UK lawyers also told "every UK paper and broadcaster" to not re-state what was in the book. Armstrong also sued Emma O'Reilly
Armstrong's lawyers in France included Donald Manasse and Christian Charrière-Bournazel. In the UK they retained the Schillings firm, where Gideon Benaim and Matthew Himsworth worked on their libel cases.
Armstrong said the following at a news conference in 2004 regarding the suits:
". . . we can't really tolerate it anymore, and we're sick and tired of the allegations . . . We'll do everything we can to fight them. . . . It's unfortunate. It's a few journalists who took this on as a personal mission. Again, enough is enough." - Lance Armstrong, 2004, quoted in The New York Times
Armstrong's lawyers first asked the French courts for an "emergency ruling" to insert a denial into the book, as the book was to come out shortly before the 2004 Tour de France. Judge Catherine Bezio denied the request. According to the Associated Press, the "judge . . . called Armstrong's request an "abuse" of the legal system".
Armstrong then sued the UK newspaper The Sunday Times under English libel law because it published an article referencing the book. The article was ruled in pre-trial to have conveyed the impression that Armstrong was guilty of doping.
Armstrong's lawyers also sued the publisher in a French court regarding eight passages which were claimed to violate French defamation law. They wanted the passages removed or the book pulled from shelves.
When Bob Hamman, president of Dallas insurer SCA Promotions, read the book, they announced that their company would not pay $5 million promised to Armstrong for winning their sixth tour until they investigated the allegations. However, an arbitration panel ruled that Hamman had to pay.
In 2006 the lawsuits came to an end. Armstrong reached an out-of-court settlement for a large sum of money with The Sunday Times, which issued an apologetic statement. Emma O'Reilly didn't have to pay, although the emotional toll on them was severe. The French defamation lawsuit was dropped in 2006, which Armstrong's lawyers claimed was due to them being already "vindicated on three different occasions" regarding the allegations. This was referring to UCI's Vrijman report which exonerated Armstrong, the arbitration settlement with SCA, and the asupervisorstioned The Sunday Times settlement.
Ultimately, however, the book proved to be the beginning of the end for Armstrong. While Hamman realized they would likely lose, they believed that the testimony would provide strong circumstantial evidence that Armstrong had indeed doped—strong enough that sporting authorities would be forced to launch an investigation of their own. Their hunch was right; officials from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) asked to review the evidence Hamman had gleaned. Six years later, USADA charged Armstrong with doping. Armstrong opted not to contest the charges, claiming the process was too one-sided. As a result, they were banned from competing in any sport whose national or international federation followed the World Anti-Doping Code—effectively ending their competitive career.
In October 2012, after USADA released its report on Armstrong's doping operation, The Sunday Times stated it might attempt to recover the money it lost in the suit, and might sue Armstrong for fraud. On October 22, 2012, after the UCI accepted USADA's report, SCA announced it would attempt to recover the money it lost in its arbitration settlement with Armstrong.
References
Publication details
L.A. Confidentiel - Les secrets de Lance Armstrong (2004)
L.A. Officiel (2006)
From Lance to Landis: Inside the American Doping Controversy at the Tour de France (2007)
External links
Competitor Radio - David Walsh interview
2004 non-fiction books
Defamation
Doping in sport
Tour de France mass media
Cycling books
Lance Armstrong
Doping at the Tour de France
Vienenburg is a borough of Goslar, capital of the Goslar district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The former independent municipality was incorporated in Goslar on 1 January 2014.
Geography
It is situated in the north of the Harz mountain range and east of the Harly Forest on the Oker River near its confluence with the Radau, about northeast of the Goslar town centre. Neighbouring municipalities are Bad Harzburg in the south and Schladen-Werla in the north.
The former township consisted of Vienenburg proper and the surrounding villages Immenrode, Lengde, Weddingen, Lochtum and Wiedelah, all incorporated in 1972. Situated in a mainly agricultural area, it is known for the Harzer cheese, although the production was transferred to Saxony in 2004.
History
The Harlyberg hill (256m/840 ft) north of the town was the site of a castle built in 1203 by the Welf king Otto IV of Germany to threaten the trade route to Goslar, as its citizens supported their Hohenstaufen rival Duke Philip of Swabia. After Otto's death in 1218 the castle became a property of the Welf Dukes of Brunswick-Lüneburg and a thorn in the side of the Bishops of Hildesheim, while the garrisons of the castle were notorious for permanently robbing bypassing merchants. Therefore, Prince-bishop Siegfried II of Hildesheim declared war against Duke Henry I of Brunswick and in 1291 took and slighted the castle. Some moats are still visible today. A modern observation tower stands nearby.
A second castle up de Viene was first mentioned in a 1306 deed. It was erected by the Counts of Wernigerode, then at the behest of the Hildesheim prince-bishops, who purchased it in 1367. After the Hildesheim Diocesan Feud, the castle was occupied by Duke Henry V of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. During the Thirty Years' War, it was conquered by the Imperial troops of Albrecht von Wallenstein in 1626. The estates were restored to the Bishopric of Hildesheim in 1647.
The adjacent settlement remained part of the episcopal lands until the 1803 German mediatization and fell to the newly established Kingdom of Hanover in 1814. Vienenburg received town privileges in 1935. Part of the Prussian Province of Hanover since 1866, it was incorporated into the Free State of Brunswick in 1941.
Wöltingerode Abbey
In 1174 the Counts of Wohldenberg established a Benedictine monastery at their ancestral seat west of Vienenburg, which converted into a Cistercian nunnery a few years later, confirmed by Emperor Frederick Barbarossa in 1188 and by Pope Honorius III in a 1216 deed. The abbey affiliated to the Bishopric of Hildesheim generated several filial monasteries and left a collection of notable manuscripts, now kept at the Herzog August Library in Wolfenbüttel.
In 1523 the Prince-bishop of Hildesheim had to cede Wöltingerode to Duke Henry the Younger of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel as a result of the Great Diocesan Feud. Henry's son Duke Julius turned Protestant in 1568 and in consequence a Lutheran abbess was installed as head of the monastery.
During the Thirty Years' War the Hildesheim Prince-bishop Ferdinand of Bavaria, backed by the Catholic League and their Wittelsbach relatives, took the occasion to regain the lost territories. Referring to the 1629 Edict of Restitution issued by Emperor Ferdinand II, they had the nuns expelled and put the abbey under Jesuit rule. Nevertheless, in 1632 the Catholic canons again had to abscond from the approaching Swedish army and Wöltingerode, though it finally fell back to the Hildesheim Bishopric in 1643, remained Lutheran until the 1803 secularisation.
Today Wöltingerode is known for its abbey church, a Romanesque basilica of the late 12th century with an attached cloister and a crypt, which serves for storage of the Wöltingerode Korn, distilled here since 1682.
Politics
Seats in the last municipal assembly (Stadtrat) as of 2011 elections:
Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD): 10 (38.92%)
Christian Democratic Union (CDU): 8 (29.98%)
Bürger für Vienenburg (Free Voters): 5 (17.51%)
Green Alternative Voters (GAW): 2 (8.69%)
National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD): 1 (3.00%)
In December 2012, the assembly voted for the amalgamation with Goslar.
Transport
Vienenburg's railway station, opened in 1840 on the Brunswick–Bad Harzburg railway of the Duchy of Brunswick State Railway, is the oldest preserved one in Germany and a regional railway hub. From Vienenburg, railway lines run in four directions: north to Brunswick, southeast to Halberstadt–Halle, south to Bad Harzburg and southwest to Oker–Goslar.
The old goods line to Langelsheim was a victim of the division of Germany and was never reactivated.
Vienenburg lies on the B 82 (link to the A 7 Hannover/Kassel) and 241 (Goslar) federal highways as well as the B 82 (link to the A 2; Brunswick, Berlin/Dortmund) and the B 6/B 6n (links to the A 14 Halle/Leipzig−Magdeburg and to Goslar and Bad Harzburg).
Notable people
Frederick Rese (1791–1871), bishop of Detroit
Christoph Gudermann (1798–1852), mathematician
Werner Willikens (1893–1961), Nazi politician
Fritz Deike (1913–1973), football player
Town twinning
Forres, Scotland, United Kingdom
References
Buildings and structures completed in 1203
Former municipalities in Lower Saxony
Matilda of Chester, Countess of Huntingdon (1171 – 6 January 1233) was an Anglo-Norman noblewoman, sometimes known as Maud and sometimes known with the surname de Kevelioc. They were a daughter of Hugh de Kevelioc, 5th Earl of Chester, and the wife of David of Scotland, Earl of Huntingdon.
Family
Lady Maude was born in 1171, the eldest child of Hugh de Kevelioc (aka Hugh de Meschines), 5th Earl of Chester and Bertrade de Montfort, a cousin of King Henry II of England. Them paternal grandparents were Ranulf de Gernon and Maud (Matilda) of Gloucester, the granddaughter of King Henry I of England, and their maternal grandparents were Simon III de Montfort, Count of Évreux and Mahaut.
Lady Matilda's five siblings were:
Ranulf de Blondeville, 6th Earl of Chester
Richard (died young)
Mabel of Chester, Countess of Arundel
Agnes (Alice) of Chester, Countess of Derby
Hawise of Chester, Countess of Lincoln.
They also had a sister, Amice (or Amicia) of Chester, who may have been illegitimate.
Matilda's father died in 1181 when they were ten years of age. They had served in King Henry's Irish campaigns after their estates had been restored to them in 1177. They had been confiscated by the King as a result of theirs taking part in the baronial Revolt of 1173–1174. Their son Ranulf succeeded them as Earl of Chester, and Matilda became a co-heiress of their brother.
Marriage and issue
On 26 August 1190, they married David of Scotland, 8th Earl of Huntingdon, a Scottish prince, son of Henry of Scotland, 3rd Earl of Huntingdon, and a younger brother of Malcolm IV of Scotland and William I of Scotland. They were almost thirty years Matilda's senior. The marriage was recorded by Benedict of Peterborough.
David and Matilda had seven children:
Margaret of Huntingdon (c. 1194 – after 1 June 1233), married Alan, Lord of Galloway, by whom they had two daughters, including Dervorguilla of Galloway.
Robert of Huntingdon (died young)
Ada of Huntingdon, married Sir Henry de Hastings, by whom they had one son, Henry de Hastings, 1st Baron Hastings.
Matilda (Maud) of Huntingdon (-aft.1219, unmarried)
Isobel of Huntingdon (1199–1251), married Robert Bruce, 4th Lord of Annandale, by whom they had two sons, including Robert de Brus, 5th Lord of Annandale.
John of Scotland, Earl of Huntingdon (1207 – 6 June 1237), married Elen ferch Llywelyn. They succeeded their uncle Ranulf as Earl of Chester in 1232, but died childless.
Henry of Huntingdon (died young)
Them husband David had four illegitimate children by various mistresses.
On their brother Ranulf's death in October 1232 Matilda inherited a share in their estates with their other 3 sisters, and their Earldom of Chester suo jure. Less than a month later with the consent of the King, Matilda gave an inter vivos gift of the Earldom to their son John the Scot who became Earl of Chester by right of their mother. They were formally invested by King Henry III as Earl of Chester on 21 November 1232. They became Earl of Chester in their own right on the death of their mother six weeks later.
Matilda died on 6 January 1233 at the age of about sixty-two. Them husband had died in 1219. In 1290, upon the death of Margaret, Maid of Norway, which caused the extinction of the legitimate line of William I, the descendants of David and Matilda became prime competitors for the crown of Scotland, including John Balliol, who was chosen king, and Robert de Brus, grandfather of king Robert I.
References
1171 births
1233 deaths
Huntingdon, Matilda of Chester, Countess of
Matilda
Daughters of British earls
Scottish royalty
12th-century Scottish people
12th-century Scottish women
13th-century Scottish people
13th-century Scottish women
The men's 1500 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 and 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Heats
23 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 26 athletes from 19 countries participated in the event.
References
1500 metres
1500 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The list of current and past Rajya Sabha members from the Nagaland State. The state elects 1 member for a term of 6 years indirectly elected by the state legislators, since year 1964.
List of all Rajya Sabha members from Nagaland state
Source:
References
External links
Rajya Sabha homepage hosted by the Indian government
List of Sitting Members of Rajya Sabha (Term-Wise)
Members of Rajya Sabha (State-wise Retirement List)
Nagaland
Rajya Sabha
Rekoa is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
Species
Rekoa bourkei (Kaye, 1925) - Jamaican hairstreak
Rekoa malina (Hewitson, 1867)
Rekoa marius (Lucas, 1857) - Marius hairstreak
Rekoa meton (Cramer, [1779]) - Meton hairstreak
Rekoa palegon (Cramer, [1780]) - gold-bordered hairstreak
Rekoa stagira (Hewitson, 1867) - smudged hairstreak
Rekoa zebina (Hewitson, 1869) - Zebina hairstreak
External links
"Rekoa Kaye, 1904" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Cuchilla Grande is a hill range that crosses the east part of Uruguay from north to south. It extends from the south part of Cerro Largo Department, through the departments of Treinta y Tres and Lavalleja and ends in Maldonado Department where it forms its highest peaks.
Noted features
In the southern part of this range, there is the Cerro Catedral, the highest point of the country. This hill is situated in the Maldonado Department.
Also found in this range is the Cerro Pan de Azúcar, likewise situated in the Maldonado Department, near Piriápolis.
Secondary ranges
Cuchilla de Mansavillagra
Sierra Carapé
Sierra Aceguá
Sierra de las Ánimas
Cuchilla Grande Inferior
Cuchilla de Cerro Largo
See also
Geography of Uruguay
External links
Cerro Catedral, Site of the Municipality of Maldonado, Uruguay.
Hills of Uruguay
Ronneburg may refer to:
Ronneburg, Hesse, a town in Germany
Ronneburg, Thuringia, a town in Germany
Rauna Castle, a former residence of the Archbishop of Riga in modern Latvia
Rönneburg, Hamburg, Germany
The 1969 Campeonato Profesional was the 21st season of Colombia's top-flight football league. 14 teams competed against one another. Deportivo Cali won the Torneo Apertura, while Millonarios won the Torneo Clausura. Cali went on to win their third league title in the triangular final which was held in January 1970, while América de Cali earned the right to enter the 1970 Copa Libertadores instead of Millonarios. Hugo Horacio Lóndero, playing for América de Cali, was the topscorer with 24 goals.
Teams
Torneo Apertura
Torneo Finalización
Note: Millonarios took all their five penalties first, and Cali given the chance to match them. However, Cali missed their first penalty and the game ended there, as Millonarios had scored all of theirs.
Triangular Final
Top goalscorers
Source: RSSSF.com Colombia 1969
References
External links
Dimayor official website
1969 in Colombian football
Colombia
Categoría Primera A season
Bansar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2556.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
1 The Avenue is a building in Spinningfields, Manchester. It is situated on Deansgate adjacent to the grade-I listed John Rylands Library.
Architecture
The building consists of two mirror-image parallelograms, stacked one on top of the other, resulting in a three-storey cantilever on the east end of the building. The cantilever is supported by an inclined steel ‘diagrid' structure.
A diagrid is similar in shape to a triangle and other building have used a diagrid structure, such as 30 St Mary Axe in London.
Reaction to the glass clad building has been mixed due its proximity to the Grade I listed Rylands Library which, along with the Town Hall is considered the finest piece of architecture in Manchester and one of the finest interpretations of Gothic revival in the world.
References
External links
1 The Avenue at Spinningfields
Buildings and structures in Manchester
Office buildings in Manchester
Torsten Müller (born 12 July 1961 in Kassel, West Germany) is an agricultural scientist at the University of Hohenheim.  They are chairperson of the examination and admissions board of the European master's degree Course "Organic Agriculture and Food Systems" and Dean of Education of the Agricultural Science Faculty in Hohenheim.
Biography
After attending school in Kassel they passed a practical examination in agriculture. They studied Agricultural Science at the George-August University in Goettingen, Germany, and passed the appropriate examinations in 1983, followed an Agricultural
Engineering Diploma in 1986 and a Ph. D. (Doctor of Agricultural Science) in 1992.
They then undertook studies on "European Expert in Environmental Conservation" at the Environmental Protection Service in Muenster, Germany, and became Assistant and Associate Professor for plant nutrition and soil health at the Faculty of Agricultural Science at The Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University, Frederiksberg (Copenhagen) (today the Faculty of Life Science) from 1993 to 2000.
C Habilitation with Venia Legendi for Plant Nutrition and Soil Science, Kassel University, 2004.
There followed an appointment as Professor of Fertilization and Soil Matter Dynamics (Former Fertilization with Soil Chemistry)in the Institute of Plant Nutrition (today Institute of Horticultural Science) at Hohenheim University.
Memberships and Affiliations
German Society for Plant Nutrition
German Agricultural Society
Federal Earth Society
Danish Soil Science Society (Dansk Forening for Jordbundsvidenskab, DFJ)
International Union of Soil Sciences (IUSS)
International Fertiliser Society (IFS)
International Society of Organic Agriculture Research (ISOFAR)
Gesellschaft zur wissenschaftlichen Untersuchung von Parawissenschaften (GWUP; "Society for the Investigation of Parasciences")
Society of German Agricultural Investigation and Research Institute
International Graduate Council: Modelling of Material Flow and Production Systems for Sustainable Resource Use in Intensive Arable and Vegetable systems In the North Chinese Plains
Member of the German Life Saving Association; since 1975 voluntary lifeguard, paramedic, trainer and instructor.
Field of Interest and Publications
Torsten Muellers research projects
Torsten Muellers publication list
References
External links
CV of Torsten Müller on the Webpage of the University Hohenheim
Living people
German agronomists
1961 births
Donald James "Don" Commons (born 5 May 1952) is a retired triple jumper from Australia, who represented their country in the 1974 British Commonwealth Games in Christchurch, New Zealand.
They also represented Australia in the 1977 Summer Universiade, the 1977 Pacific Conference Games and the 1977 IAAF World Cup. They won the Australian triple jump championship in 1976 and 1977.
Their brothers, Chris Commons and David Commons, were also notable athletes.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Australian male triple jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
KDKD may refer to:
KDKD-FM, a radio station (95.3 FM) licensed to Clinton, Missouri, United States
KDKD (AM), a defunct radio station (1280 AM) formerly licensed to Clinton, Missouri
Elisabetta Belloni (; born 1 September 1958) is an Italian diplomat and civil servant, Director of the Department of Information for Security since 2021.
Biography
Graduated in Political Science at Luiss University in 1982 with a thesis on international negotiation techniques, Belloni embarked on a diplomatic career in 1985. They have held positions in Italian embassies and representations permanent offices in Vienna and Bratislava, as well as in the Directorates General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
From November 2004 to June 2008, they directed the Crisis Unit of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. They were director-general of development cooperation from 2008 to 2013, while from January 2013 to June 2015 they were director-general for resources and innovation.
In February 2014, they were promoted to rank ambassador; since June 2015, they have held the position of Head of Cabinet of the Minister of Foreign Affairs Paolo Gentiloni. Following the resignation from the diplomatic career of Ambassador Michele Valensise, then Secretary-General of the Farnesina, in April 2016 they were appointed Secretary-General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and took office on 5 May. They have been professor of Development Cooperation at the Luiss Guido Carli.
In May 2018, their name was presented by the press, together with the economist Lucrezia Reichlin, as a possible candidate to receive the mandate of Prime Minister of the 18th legislature.
They left the Ministry on 12 May 2021, being appointed by Prime Minister Mario Draghi as Director of the Department of Information for Security.
Honours
Order of Merit of the Italian Republic 1st Class / Knight Grand Cross – June 1, 2017
References
|-
1958 births
Living people
Diplomats from Rome
20th-century diplomats
21st-century diplomats
Italian diplomats
Italian women ambassadors
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Libera Università Internazionale degli Studi Sociali Guido Carli alumni
Randvere may refer to several places in Estonia:
Randvere, Harju County, village in Viimsi Parish, Harju County
Randvere, Lääne-Saare Parish, village in Lääne-Saare Parish, Saare County
Randvere, Laimjala Parish, village in Laimjala Parish, Saare County
Myripristis kuntee is a species of fish in the family Holocentridae It is found over a wide area the Indo-Pacific and is common in some places.
References
External links
kuntee
Fish described in 1831
HelpNDoc ( ) is a Windows-based help to author tool published by French company IBE Software.
Features
HelpNDoc allows the writer to create a single source text which it then converts to a number of target formats such as:
CHM ( HTML Help)
PDF
RTF
DocX
Qt Help
HTML
EPUB (including Amazon Kindle compatible E-books)
Markdown
HelpNDoc integrates a WYSIWYG editor which aims to look like popular word processing software such as Microsoft Word or OpenOffice.org Writer. HelpNDoc has the ability to include variables and external files. It also has the ability to generate code for the C++, Delphi, Fortran, Pascal and Visual Basic programming languages for integration of the generated CHM help files with the application being developed. As of version 4 HelpNDoc comes with a project analyzer that can track the document's layout, provide statistics and identify potential problems such as broken links or problems with media items. HelpNDoc can also be used to publish mobile websites, using the table of contents as a navigation menu, the content of the topics with navigation buttons, the keyword index menu, a built-in search engine, and mobile-specific user interface elements.
Licensing terms
HelpNDoc's licensing model offers a free version of the program (Personal Edition) for personal use and three paid Editions for commercial use:
Standard
Professional
Ultimate
The free version includes an advertisement at the bottom of each generated documentation page, while the Professional / Ultimate Editions do not. The Standard Edition removes those ads from the CHM- and HTML-generated documentation.
The Ultimate Edition was first released with version 8.0 of the software. It allows you to "Encrypt and sign Word and PDF documents". These are new features that were released with 8.0.
History
1.0 was released to the public in December 2004 and only provided CHM and HTML documentation generation.
2.0.0.25 was released on May 16, 2009. Other 2.x versions followed during 2009 - 2010.
3.0.0.223 was released on August 23, 2011. Other 3.x versions were released during 2011 - 2013.
4.0.3.164 was released on October 9, 2013. Other 4.x versions were released during 2013 - 2016.
5.0.1.188 was released on March 7, 2017. Other 5.x versions were released during 2017 - 2018.
6.0.0.154 was released on March 7, 2019. Other 6x versions were released during 2019 - 2020.
7.0.0.199 was released on December 8, 2020.
7.1.0.253 was released on February 2, 2021.
7.1.1.256 was released on February 3, 2021.
7.1.2.266 was released on February 12, 2021.
7.1.3.270 was released on February 15, 2021.
7.2.0.306 was released on March 24, 2021.
7.3.0.348 was released on May 4, 2021.
7.4.0.390 was released on June 15, 2021.
7.5.0.435 was released on July 27, 2021.
7.6.0.479 was released on September 9, 2021.
7.7.0.519 was released on October 19, 2021.
7.8.0.569 was released on December 7, 2021.
7.9.0.612 was released on January 19, 2022.
7.9.1.631 was released on February 8, 2022.
8.0.0.187 was released on July 19, 2022.
8.1.0.243 was released on September 13, 2022 and is the latest release.
References
External links
HelpNDoc home page
Online help
Technical communication tools
Pascal (programming language) software
Swasthya Adhikar Manch v. Union of India was a 2013 court case in which Swasthya Adhikar Manch requested additional government regulation in the management of clinical trials. The court found in favor of that organization and ordered regulation.
One of the complaints was enrolling research participants without proper informed consent.
Results of the ruling include that contract research organizations must register with the government, trials must define how they will give compensation to research participants in case of injury, researchers must report guidelines for safe use of the study drugs in advance of beginning the trial, and there must be draft rules defining what conditions must be met before a trial begins.
Various regulatory changes followed the ruling.
Any company seeking approval to do clinical trials has to report the risks and benefits to patients for the research.
As a result of the ruling in 2014 India published new requirements for clinical trials.
The Supreme Court reprimanded an organization for not compensating victims who were injured.
References
External links
https://www.legitquest.com/case/swasthya-adhikar-manch-and-ors-v-union-of-india-uoi-and-ors/184c8a
Supreme Court of India cases
2013 in case law
2013 in Indian politics
2013 in health
Abirabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abīrābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 60 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Davoud Ali Maleki (Persian: داوود على ملكى; born 26 December 1952) is a retired Iranian featherweight weightlifter. They placed fourth at the 1974 World Weightlifting Championships and sixth at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Maleki was a third son in a family of four brothers and two sisters.
References
1952 births
Living people
Iranian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iran
Weightlifters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
People from Zanjan, Iran
Alpagut is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Hispanic Journal of Behavioral Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal. The journal's editor is Amado M. Padilla (Stanford University). It has been in publication since 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
Hispanic Journal of Behavioral Sciences is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 0.864, ranking it 95 out of 135 journals in the category ‘Psychology, Multidisciplinary'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Morville Chote (born 6 October 1924) is a British former javelin thrower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
1924 births
Living people
British male javelin throwers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Zarabad () may refer to:
Zarabad, Bashagard, Hormozgan Province
Zarabad, Minab, Hormozgan Province
Zarabad, Markazi
Zarabad, Qazvin
Zarabad, Sistan and Baluchestan
Zarabad, West Azerbaijan
Zarabad District, in Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Zarabod, Gojal, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan
A scanning mobility particle sizer (SMPS) is an analytical instrument that measures the size and number concentration of aerosol particles with diameters from 2.5 nm to 1000 nm. They employ a continuous, fast-scanning technique to provide high-resolution measurements.
Applications
The particles that are investigated can be of biological or chemical nature. The instrument can be used for air quality measurement indoors, vehicle exhaust, research in bioaerosols, atmospheric studies, and toxicology testing.
References
Spectrometers
Electronic test equipment
Signal processing
Measuring instruments
Laboratory equipment
Aerosols
Aerosol measurement
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1675.
Events
November 11 – Gottfried Leibniz's notebooks record a breakthrough in their work on calculus.
New books
Prose
Joshua Barnes – Gerania; a New Discovery of a Little Sort of People, anciently discoursed of, called Pygmies
John Barret – Fifty Queries Seriously Propounded to those that Question or Deny Infants Right to Baptism
Friderich Martens – Spitzbergische oder Groenlandische Reise-Beschreibung, gethan im Jahre 1671
Edward Phillips – Theatrum poetarum
A Satire Against Separatists, variously attributed to Abraham Cowley or Peter Hausted
Philipp Jakob Spener – Pia Desideria
Marie-Catherine de Villedieu – Les Désordres de l'amour
John Wilkins – Of the Principle and Duties of Natural Religion
Miguel de Molinos
Guía espiritual
Breve tratado de la comunión cotidiana
Denis Vairasse – The History of the Sevarites or Sevarambi
Drama
John Crowne
Calisto, or the Chaste Nymph (masque)
Country Wit
John Dryden – Aureng-zebe
Thomas Duffet – Psyche Debauch'd
Sir Francis Fane – Love in the Dark
Nathaniel Lee –
Nero, Emperor of Rome
Sophonisba
Thomas Otway – Alcibiades
Henry Nevil Payne – The Siege of Constantinople
Thomas Shadwell – The Libertine
William Wycherley – The Country Wife
Poetry
John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester – A Satire Against Mankind (published 1679)
Births
February 26 (baptized) – Abel Evans, English clergyman, academic and poet (died 1737)
September 2 – William Somervile, English poet (died 1742)
October 11 – Samuel Clarke, English philosopher and cleric (died 1729)
Deaths
April 8 – Veit Erbermann, German theologian and controversialist (born 1597)
September – Heinrich Müller, German devotional writer (born 1631)
September 12 – Girolamo Graziani, Italian poet (born 1604)
September 23 – Valentin Conrart, co-founder of French Academie (born 1603)
November 11 – Thomas Willis, English physician and natural philosopher (born 1621)
December 6 – John Lightfoot, English scholar and cleric (born 1602)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Remsley Boelijn (born 23 February 1995) is a Curaçaoan footballer who plays for SUBT of the Curaçao Sekshon Pagá, and the Sint Maarten national team.
Club career
From 2006 to 2008 Boelijn played for RKSV Centro Dominguito youth team before being transferred to Quick'60 from 2008 to 2010. From 2011 to 2016, Boelijn played for ASC St. Louis Stars in the Saint-Martin Championships. In 2016, they transferred to RKSV Scherpenheuvel of the Curaçao Sekshon Pagá, the top football league in Curaçao. Now (2017- they are transferred to SUBT of the Curaçao Sekshon Pagá
International career
Boelijn made their international debut for Sint Maarten on 22 March 2016 in a 2017 Caribbean Cup qualification match against Grenada. They scored their first international goal in the team's next match, a 1–2 defeat to the United States Virgin Islands. These two matches were Sint Maarten's first competitive matches in 19 years.
International goals
Scores and results list Sint Maartens's goal tally first.
International career statistics
References
External links
Caribbean Football Database profile
Living people
1995 births
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Sint Maarten international footballers
Sint Maarten footballers
Curaçao footballers
People from Willemstad
Sekshon Pagá players
RKSV Centro Dominguito players
RKSV Scherpenheuvel players
Sport Unie Brion Trappers players
Ali-Mohammad Arab () is an Iranian worker elected to the 73-seats Assembly of Experts for Constitution in 1979.
References
Biography
1935 births
living people
Islamic Republican Party politicians
Laborers
Worker House members
Members of the Assembly of Experts for Constitution
People from Varamin
Newlands Corner is a nature reserve east of Guildford in Surrey, England. It is owned by the Albury Estate and managed by the Surrey Wildlife Trust under an access agreement between the estate and Surrey County Council.
Features
The site reaches with hill-grazed grass slopes below interspersed with trees. There are areas of chalk grassland and woodlands. Visible are some of the greatest prominences of the Western Greensand Ridge and the site lies on the North Downs Way. There are 129 ancient yews with a girth over 3.5m (over approx 500 years old) with some over 6m girth (probably at least 1000 years old) on the northern wooded slope. Some trees are so old the centre is hollow and the whole tree can be walked through.
Newlands Corner was a key location in the crime writer Agatha Christie's disappearance in December 1926. Them car was found in a bush overhanging a chalk pit at Newlands Corner, at the bottom of the south side of the hill. They were found some days later having checked in under an alias at a hotel in Harrogate. As a result, Newlands Corner is the setting of the climax of the final scene of the Doctor Who is a episode "The Unicorn and the Wasp".
Drove Road at Newlands Corner is a good site in the region for amateur astronomy as it is a dark sky site, close to London and its southern satellite towns. With a downhill slope facing south, the viewer faces many constellations such as Orion and Gemini in winter. Once or twice a year the Guildford Astronomical Society and other local societies hold public events at Newlands Corner with about 25 telescopes and 150 members of the public in attendance.
Future plans
In October 2015, Surrey County Council announced the first stage of plans to cut funding of Surrey Wildlife Trust (SWT). The plans spawned an online petition, criticism from the local residents and parish councils in the area, and a "Save Newlands Corner" website. In July 2018, parking charges were introduced, although plans for development of a restaurant, shops, and coach park were halted.
Gallery
References
External links
Surrey Wildlife Trust
Hills of Surrey
Parks and open spaces in Surrey
Studeny/Studyony (; masculine), Studenaya/Studyonaya (; feminine), or Studenoye/Studyonoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Studeny, Belgorod Oblast, a khutor in Prokhorovsky District of Belgorod Oblast
Studeny, Krasnoyarsk Krai, a settlement under the administrative jurisdiction of the work settlement of Kuragino in Kuraginsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Studeny, Oryol Oblast, a settlement in Vyshneolshansky Selsoviet of Dolzhansky District of Oryol Oblast
Studeny, Samara Oblast, a settlement in Krasnoyarsky District of Samara Oblast
Studeny, Saratov Oblast, a settlement in Petrovsky District of Saratov Oblast
Studeny, Sverdlovsk Oblast, a settlement under the administrative jurisdiction of the city of Nizhny Tagil, Sverdlovsk Oblast
Studeny, Tula Oblast, a settlement in Alexandrovsky Rural Okrug of Zaoksky District of Tula Oblast
Studeny, Voronezh Oblast, a settlement in Kolenovskoye Rural Settlement of Novokhopyorsky District of Voronezh Oblast
Studenoye, Kaluga Oblast, a village in Baryatinsky District of Kaluga Oblast
Studenoye, Leningrad Oblast, a logging depot settlement in Melnikovskoye Settlement Municipal Formation of Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast
Studenoye, Novosibirsk Oblast, a selo in Karasuksky District of Novosibirsk Oblast
Studenoye, Orenburg Oblast, a selo in Studenovsky Selsoviet of Ileksky District of Orenburg Oblast
Studenoye, Oryol Oblast, a selo in Vyshneolshansky Selsoviet of Dolzhansky District of Oryol Oblast
Studenoye, Vologda Oblast, a village in Strelensky Selsoviet of Velikoustyugsky District of Vologda Oblast
Studenoye, Voronezh Oblast, a selo in Nashchekinskoye Rural Settlement of Anninsky District of Voronezh Oblast
Ithaca is a town in Tompkins County, New York, United States. The town's population was 22,283 at the 2020 census. The town is in the central part of the county, in the Finger Lakes–Southern Tier region of New York, and is part of the Ithaca Metropolitan Statistical Area. The Town of Ithaca is a horseshoe-shaped portion of the metropolitan area of Ithaca, New York, surrounding the City of Ithaca and being the city's only border. Ithaca College is located in the South Hill section of the town.
History
The Sullivan Expedition of 1779 passed through this region. The town is in the former Central New York Military Tract. The Town of Ithaca was created from part of the Town of Ulysses in 1821. In 1865, Ezra Cornell, supported by New York State, provided funds and land to found Cornell University.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 30.3 square miles (78.5 km2), of which, 29.1 square miles (75.4 km2) of it is land and 1.2 square miles (3.1 km2) of it (3.99%) is water.
The town is at the foot of Cayuga Lake, one of the Finger Lakes. The town borders all other towns in Tompkins County, with the exception of the Towns of Caroline and Groton. It also borders both the eastern and western shores of Cayuga Lake. Fall, Cascadilla, and Six Mile Creeks, the Cayuga Inlet and Buttermilk Creek flow through the town to Cayuga Lake.
The town and the city are at the convergence of several state highways, including: New York State Route 13, New York State Route 34, New York State Route 79, New York State Route 96B, and New York State Route 366.
Ithaca College is in the town, south of the city center. The main campus of Cornell University is located just to the east, partly in the City and partly in the Town.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 18,198 people, 6,427 households, and 3,399 families residing in the town. The population density was 625.1 people per square mile (241.4/km2). There were 6,836 housing units at an average density of 234.8 per square mile (90.7/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 84.14% White, 2.93% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 9.18% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.38% from other races, and 2.19% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.36% of the population.
There were 6,427 households, out of which 24.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.6% were married couples living together, 5.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.1% were non-families. 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.83.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 15.1% under the age of 18, 30.1% from 18 to 24, 24.8% from 25 to 44, 17.1% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.1 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $45,281, and the median income for a family was $68,346. Males had a median income of $49,592 versus $30,728 for females. The per capita income for the town was $24,065. About 4.2% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 3.8% of those under age 18 and 3.0% of those age 65 or over.
Communities and locations in the Town of Ithaca
The City of Ithaca has a completely separate government, and is not part of the town. The two entities form a single community for most practical purposes, for instance, sharing a local school district and many municipal services. Unusual for a local government, many of the town's government offices, including Town Hall, are located within the City of Ithaca, outside of the town's jurisdiction.
Buttermilk Falls State Park – A state park in the town.
Cayuga Heights – The Village of Cayuga Heights is north of the City of Ithaca.
East Cayuga Heights – A hamlet near the northeast town line, east of Cayuga Heights.
Forest Home – A hamlet east of the City of Ithaca.
Hayt Corner – A location in the northwest part of the town.
Kennedy Corner – A location on the west town line.
Northeast Ithaca, New York - a census designated area Northeast of the City of Ithaca.
Renwick – A hamlet north of Ithaca on NY-34.
Robert H. Treman State Park – A state park in the town.
South Hill – A hamlet south of the City of Ithaca on NY-96B.
Whipple Corner – A location on the west town line.
Government and politics
The Town Supervisor of Ithaca is Rod Howe. The Town Board has 6 members who are elected at-large to 4-year terms. In December 2014, the Ithaca Town Board unanimously adopted a resolution recognizing freedom from domestic violence as a fundamental human right.
See also
List of Registered Historic Places in New York
References
External links
Towns in Tompkins County, New York
Populated places established in 1821
1821 establishments in New York (state)
The Senior women's race at the 1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Amorebieta, Spain, at the Jaureguibarría Course on March 28, 1993. A report on the event was given in The New York Times and in the Glasgow Herald.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Senior women's race (6.35 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 148 athletes from 38 countries in the Senior women's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(1)
(4)
(1)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(4)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(1)
(6)
(1)
(5)
(1)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(5)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(6)
(5)
(5)
(6)
(6)
(5)
(6)
(6)
(4)
(1)
See also
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Senior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1993 in women's athletics
Mount Prevost is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. It is northwest of Duncan and has a distinctive skyline with the two rock bluffs. On top of the highest north bluff is a war memorial.
History
The mountain was featured in the legends of the creation of the Cowichan First Nation. During the Great Flood one man took refuge on top of Swuqus or Swukas (Prevost) while all the others died. In Sooke, there were two women who also stayed on high ground to escape the waters. When the waters receded they moved up island and found the lone Cowichan man. These three people are the ancestors of the Cowichan tribe.
The mount's modern name is a tribute to Captain James Charles Prevost, RN, who served aboard HMS Satellite and was British Commissioner in the San Juan Islands boundary dispute also known as The Pig War.
The forest became part of a Municipal Forest established in 1946.
Access
The mountain is open all year except during periods of high fire hazard. Some of the roads have gates and these may be closed at certain times. There are many trails on the mountain, but none were built or are maintained by the municipality of North Cowichan. There are expansive views of the Gulf Islands and Cowichan Valley from the mountain. It has been used as a launching site for hang gliding, complete with a wind sock.
Mount Prevost can be reached from Mt. Prevost Road off Somenos Road. The road to the summit is about 8 kilometres or 20 minutes long.
References
External links
Guide to Mount Prevost, Municipality of North Cowichan
Landforms of Vancouver Island
Mountains of British Columbia under 1000 metres
Cowichan Valley
Cowichan Land District
The city of Pärnu in Estonia had a railway station from 1896 to 2018, although the location of the station changed several times. There are plans to re-establish a passenger train service with a new high-speed rail line, Rail Baltica, running from Tallinn to Poland via Pärnu.
History
The original railway station at Pikk street in the centre of Pärnu opened in 1896, and a station in Papiniidu opened at the same time. Both stations closed in 1972 and were replaced by Pärnu kaubajaam (to the north-east of the city) and in 1976 by a new through station in the Raeküla district. The first Tallinn-Pärnu-Riga trains ran in 1981, with the service to Riga being discontinued in 1992. The line south of Pärnu to Mõisaküla on the Latvian border was dismantled in 2008.
On 1 January 2014 the Soviet era Raeküla station was replaced by a new halt near Liivi road in Papiniidu. The Pärnu-Lelle section of the line to Tallinn was permanently closed for passenger operations in 2018, as it required a €17 million refurbishment. The last train from Pärnu Halt departed on 8 December 2018, with a journey time of 2½ hours to Tallinn.
Rail Baltica
A new station or "International Passenger Terminal" will be constructed near the site of the former Pärnu Halt as part of the Rail Baltica project. The main station building will be located above the platforms and will house a 90-seat waiting area, cafeteria and information centre. The journey time to Tallinn is expected to be 40 minutes, and to Riga one hour.
See also
Tallinn Ülemiste railway station
References
External links
The Baltic Course. Estonian architects: Rules of competition for Rail Baltic Parnu terminal cannot be changed.
ERR News. Laying down Rail Baltic in Estonia could start within two years, says CEO.
Gallery of Pärnu's railway stations
Railway stations in Estonia
Buildings and structures in Pärnu
Marco Antonio Barba López (born 10 November 1985 in Seville) is a Spanish racing driver and brother to Álvaro Barba.
Career
Formula Junior 1600
Barba began their racing career in 2003 in the Spanish Formula Junior 1600 series, taking a single podium and two pole positions to finish the year in 12th place. They stayed in the championship the following year, taking eight podiums, including six race wins to finish runner–up behind current GP2 Series driver Michael Herck.
Formula Three
In 2004, Barba made their debut in the Spanish Formula Three Championship, racing in the rounds at Valencia and Barcelona. The following year, they stepped up to the championship full-time with Campos Racing, competing in the Copa de España class for older generation Dallara chassis. They took nine class podiums, including two class wins, to finish third in the standings, with teammate Arturo Llobell winning the title. In the overall championship standings they finished in 10th place. They also contested two races in the Italian Formula Three Championship for Team Ghinzani. Despite only taking part in two races, they scored enough points to be classified 10th in the final standings.
In 2006 and 2007 they raced in the main class of the series, firstly with Campos Racing before moving on to the TEC Auto team. During this period, they secured 14 podium places, including four race wins, and finished as runner–up to teammate Máximo Cortés in the 2007 season, losing out on the title by just four points.
For 2010, Barba rejoined the series, which is now known as the European F3 Open Championship. Driving for Cedars Motorsport, they won the title at the penultimate round of the season in Jerez.
Formula Renault 3.5 Series
In September 2006, Barba made their debut in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series at Donington Park, driving for Jenzer Motorsport alongside their older brother Álvaro. They contested the final six races of the season but failed to score a point.
Barba graduated to the Formula Renault 3.5 Series full-time in 2008, racing for the Italian Draco Racing squad alongside fellow team newcomer Bertrand Baguette. Although they failed to take a podium place, they finished in the points in nine races and was classified 14th in the championship standings.
Barba remained with the team for the 2009 season, and along with Baguette earned Draco the team championship, with Baguette also winning the driver's championship. Barba ended up ninth overall, recording the best result of two second places, with both coming at the Hungaroring.
International GT Open
In July 2008, Barba teamed up with their brother Álvaro to race a Mosler MT900R in the International GT Open event held at the newly constructed Valencia Street Circuit.
GP3 Series
In July 2010, Barba made their debut in the GP3 Series at the Hungaroring, replacing the injured Simon Trummer at Jenzer Motorsport. After retiring from the feature race, they recovered to finish 19th in the sprint event.
Auto GP
In March 2011, it was announced that Barba would join the Auto GP championship, racing for their former Formula Three team Campos Racing.
Racing record
Career summary
† As they were a guest driver, Barba was ineligble to score points.
Complete Formula Renault 3.5 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as they completed more than 90% of the race distance.
Notes
References
External links
Official site
Career details from Driver Database
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Seville
Spanish racing drivers
Euroformula Open Championship drivers
Italian Formula Three Championship drivers
GP3 Series drivers from Spain
World Series Formula V8 3.5 drivers
Auto GP drivers
Draco Racing drivers
Jenzer Motorsport drivers
Campos Racing drivers
Ramla Right Battery (), also known as Gironda Battery () or Nadur Battery (), was an artillery battery in Ramla Bay, limits of Nadur on the island of Gozo, Malta. It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands. The battery now lies in ruins.
History
Ramla Right Battery was built in 1715–1716 as part of the first building programme of coastal batteries in Malta. It was one of several fortifications in Ramla Bay, which also included Ramla Left Battery on the opposite side of the bay and Ramla Redoubt in the centre. These were all linked together by an entrenchment wall. Ramla Bay was further defended by Marsalforn Tower on the plateau above the bay, and an underwater barrier to prevent enemy ships from landing within the bay.
The battery had a semi-circular parapet with six embrasures, with a blockhouse at the rear. A fougasse was also dug on the shore close to the battery, and it still exists.
The battery saw use during the French invasion of Malta in 1798, when it fired on the approaching French fleet.
Present day
Today, only some remains of the battery's blockhouse survive. These remains, along with the rest of Ramla Bay, are managed by the Gaia Foundation.
References
External links
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
Batteries in Malta
Hospitaller fortifications in Malta
Military installations established in 1715
Ruins in Malta
Nadur
Limestone buildings in Malta
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
18th-century fortifications
1715 establishments in Malta
Raveh (, also Romanized as Rāveh) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,510, in 366 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Mikkel Krogh Damsgaard (; born 3 July 2000) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Brentford and the Denmark national team.
Club career
Early career
Damsgaard started playing football in their hometown Jyllinge, where they played for eight years, with their father as their coach. During a game with Jyllinge FC, Damsgaard was spotted by a scout from Nordsjælland, who was out actually looking for another player, but ended up contacting Damsgaard. They then joined FC Nordsjælland as a U12 player on a youth contract until 2020.
Nordsjælland
On 27 September 2017, Damsgaard made their official debut for Nordsjælland at the age of 17. They played the whole game against Vejgaard BK in a Danish Cup game, making one assist in a 4–0 win at Soffy Road.
They made their Danish Superliga debut for Nordsjælland on 26 November 2017 in a game against AC Horsens in shirt number 27.
On 12 July 2018, Damsgaard made their European debut for Nordsjælland against Cliftonville in a Europa League qualifier.
Sampdoria
On 6 February 2020, it was confirmed that Damsgaard had signed a four-year contract with Italian Serie A club Sampdoria with effect from 1 July 2020. The transfer fee was estimated at €6.7 million (DKK 50 million). On 17 October 2020, they scored their first Serie A goal in a 3–0 victory against Lazio.
Brentford
On 10 August 2022, Damsgaard joined English Premier League club Brentford for a €15 million fee on a five-year deal.
International career
On 21 June 2021, Damsgaard scored a goal in a 4–1 win over Russia in the UEFA Euro 2020, to become the youngest Danish player to score at the European Championship, aged 20 years 353 days. In the Euro 2020 semi-finals, they scored the first goal against England with the tournament's only freekick goal. However Denmark eventually lost 2–1 after extra-time.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Denmark's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Damsgaard goal.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
People from Roskilde Municipality
Sportspeople from Region Zealand
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Danish footballers
FC Nordsjælland players
U.C. Sampdoria players
Brentford F.C. players
Danish Superliga players
Serie A players
Premier League players
Denmark international footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Danish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in England
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Danish expatriate sportspeople in England
Rudolf Sutermeister (May 7, 1802 – May 9, 1868) was a Swiss medical doctor for the poor. They were also a business person, a manufacturer, an early socialist and a socio-political writer.  They are considered one of the first native Swiss German socialists, together with Gustav Siegfried, Johann Jakob Treichler, and Karl Bürkli; however, unlike Siegfried, they are also considered a utopian.
Biography
Sutermeister was born in the municipality of Wynigen. They were a minister's son who came from an old family of town councillors in Zofingen, where they were naturalized. They graduated in medicine from the University of Basel and was trained as a doctor in Bern. In 1824, Sutermeister began practicing medicine in Zofingen.
 They are often regarded as an economical and spiritual "proletaroid." This is because they lived in financial distress while serving as a medical doctor to the lower class.
In the 1840s, inspired by Charles Fourier and Wilhelm Weitling, Sutermeister believed that the welfare of their country depended on a communist transformation. Three years earlier in 1837, they had appealed to the public for the first time with a social reform manifesto. They devised plans for socialist experiments following the Saint-Simon pattern. Together with August Becker and Johannes Glur, they formed a liberal-communist circle. Their last years were filled with litigation and they sank into oblivion. They died in Zofingen, on May 9, 1868.
Works
Sutermeister wrote many works with communist and chiliastic content. These works were disseminated in Switzerland by the Bund der Gerechten (Justice League).
Tagwache zum Anbruch des Reiches Gottes auf Erden. Oder: Der Armen Erlösung, der Schwachen Heil, der Reichen Glück, der Menschen höchstes Ziel. (Clarion Call for the Advent of the Reign of God on Earth. Or: Rescue for the Poor, Health for the Weak, Happiness for the Rich, the Highest Goal of Men.) Zofingen, 1837.
Ehrerbietige Vorstellung und Bitte an den tit. Großen und Kleinen Rat des löblichen Kantons Aargau. (Respectful Presentation and Appeal to the Great and Small Council of the Honorable Canton of Aargau.) 13 November 1840.
Aufruf zur Bildung eines allgemeinen Vereines, zu gegenseitiger, bestmöglicher Erleichterung, Vervollkommnung und Beglückung. (Appeal for the Establishment of a General Union, for the Best Possible Mutual Ease, Improvement, and Happiness.) Langenthal 1843.
Die Not und Rettung. Ein Wort zur Zeit. Zunächst an das liebe Schweizervolk. (The Need and the Escape from It. A Word for the Times. Chiefly to Our Dear Swiss People.) Langenthal 1845.
Die schreckliche Vernichtung unseres bestehenden, sogenannten Rechts oder Unrechts durch das wahre Christentum. (The Dreadful Destruction of our Existing So-Called Justice, or Injustice, Through True Christianity.) Zofingen 1846. 20 pp.
Ernste Bemerkungen, Winke und Warnungen für alle Grütlianer und Eidgenossen insgesammt / Ein freies Wort gesprochen im Grütliverein in Zofingen, den 26. Dezember 1849 von Rud. Sutermeister, Arzt. (Serious Observations, Hints, and Warnings for All Grütlians and the Swiss as a Whole. A Free Word Spoken in the Grütli Union in Zofingen on December 26, 1849, by Rudolf Sutermeister, Physician.)
Allen Aargauern zu gefälliger Beachtung empfohlen. September 1851. (Commended to the Kind Consideration of All People of Aargau, September 1851.) 11 pp.
Ehrerbietige Vorstellung und Einladung an meine lieben Mitmenschen. (Honorable Presentation and Invitation to my Dear Fellow Men.) 5 pp.
Bibliography
Eduard Vischer: Sutermeister, Rudolf. In: Otto Mittler and Georg Boner (ed.) Historische Gesellschaft des Kantons Aargau (publisher): Biographisches Lexikon des Aargaus, 1803–1957. Aarau: Verlag H. R. Sauerländer & Co., 1958. pp. 776–778.
Author unknown: Rudolf Sutermeister. In: Argovia. Vol. 88. Aarau: Historische Gesellschaft des Kantons Aargau, 1976. .
Rudolf Weber: Rudolf Sutermeister und Gustav Siegfried: zwei Zofinger Frühsozialisten. In: Zofinger Neujahrsblatt. Vol. 87, 2002. .
Entry in: Rudolf Vierhaus (publisher): Deutsche Biographische Enzyklopädie (DBE). 2. überarbeitete und erweiterte Ausgabe. Vol. 9: Schlumberger–Thiersch. Munich: K. G. Saur, 2008.
Deutsches Biographisches Archiv. Neue Folge bis zur Mitte des 20. Jahrhunderts (DBA II). 1290, 232–240.
Deutsches Biographisches Archiv 1960–1999 (DBA III)''. 905, 77.
Minutes of the Small Council; Acts of the same. Aarau.
Minutes of the General Council, Acts and Correspondence. Stadtarchiv Zofingen.
Correspondence of Wilhelm Weitling. Staatsarchiv Zürich.
References
1802 births
1868 deaths
People from Zofingen
Swiss Christian socialists
Christian communists
Swiss communists
19th-century Swiss physicians
Prisoners and detainees of Switzerland
Utopian socialists
Theritas is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies (family Lycaenidae) found in the Neotropics. Among the tribe Eumaeini of its subfamily Theclinae, it is usually placed in the group around the genus Atlides. In particular, it seems most closely related to Arcas.
Description
Theritas species are large among the Eumaeini but altogether still smallish butterflies. They typically have a pennant-like hindwing "tail" which projects outwards at an approximate right angle from the squared-off edge of the tapered tornal area. A smaller tail is located slightly more forward on the hindwing. The upperwings of these butterflies are largely or entirely colored brilliant blue. But these traits – as opposed to the androconia pouches discussed below – are also found in several other Eumaeini, which have been included in this genus but do not really appear to belong here.
Like Arcas, they have androconia (scent scales) on the hindwing upperside near the base of the cubital vein; these are autapomorphically tucked away in a flat deep pouch in space 1b between the wing veins. Some species also have androconia on the forewings, but it needs to be clarified whether these are indeed Theritas sensu stricto. The hindwing underside is brownish in these butterflies, with a subbasal line running between the subcosta and the anal vein branch of the cubital vein. This genus has some sexual dichromatism in that the males show green iridescence of the blue upperwing color. By comparison, Arcas has golden-green hindwing undersides dusted with black, with a black band running roughly parallel to the distal wing margin, longer tails, and lacks sexual dichromatism. The female genitals have a long, straight and tubular genital duct with a plain anal end in the type species T. mavors, but variation within the genus is insufficiently studied.
Species
There have been 2 major competing taxonomic schemes for this genus in the late 20th century. The traditional view delimits the genus loosely, with about 30 species. A more recent proposal restricts the genus to 6-8 valid species, which all possess the typical apomorphies and can be divided into three species groups or superspecies:
mavors group
Theritas kalikimaka (Clench, 1944) (sometimes included in T. mavors)
Theritas lotis (Goodson, 1945) (sometimes included in T. mavors)
Theritas mavors Hübner, 1818
paupera group Theritas drucei (Lathy, 1926)
Theritas gozmanyi (Bálint, Wojtusiak, Kerstész & Biró, 2007)
Theritas harrietta (Weeks, 1901)
Theritas paupera (C.Felder & R.Felder, 1865)triquetra'' group
Theritas triquetra (Hewitson, 1865)
Provisionally placed here
A number of species are usually placed in Theritas, but apparently will have to be split off if the genus is to be a monophyletic group. "T." anna for example might be closer to Brangas and Evenus or even belong in the latter, while "T." deniva and some allies could just as well be closer to Micandra and Penaincisalia than to Theritas proper. All in all, it is not unlikely that some of the genera nowadays considered junior synonyms of Theritas turn out to be valid. Several of the proposed genera are monotypic, and thus perhaps least likely to be valid. One of these has been argued to be nomen nudum per Article 13.1 of the ICZN Code, because an appropriate genus description was not given; the matter has been submitted to the ICZN for discussion. That all nonwithstanding, species provisionally placed in Theritas are:
Theritas acontius (Goodson, 1945)
Theritas adamsi (Druce, 1909) (close to "T." deniva?)
Theritas anna (Druce, 1907) (type species of Aveexcrenota; including A. mimianna)
Theritas arene (Goodson, 1945)
Theritas augustinula (Goodson, 1845)
Theritas augustula (Kirby, 1877)
Theritas boliboyeri (Bálint & Wojtusiak, 2006)
Theritas chalumna (Schaus, 1902)
Theritas crines (Druce, 1907) (type species of "Lucilda")
Theritas curitibaensis (Johnson, 1992)
Theritas danaus (C. & R.Felder, [1865]) (type species of Margaritheclus)
Theritas deniva (Hewitson, 1874) (type species of Denivia)
Theritas hemon (Cramer, [1775]) (close to "T." deniva?)
Theritas lisus (Stoll, 1790)
Theritas margaritacea (Draudt, 1919)
Theritas monica (Hewitson, 1867)
Theritas phegeus (Hewitson, 1865)
Theritas theocritus (Fabricius, 1793)
Theritas viresco (Druce, 1907)
In addition, there are at least three more undescribed species placed here: one from Santa Catarina state in Brazil and two from the Andes of Peru. It is unknown whether they are indeed Theritas sensu stricto. T. drucei and T. triquetra as well as some species of the disputed assemblage are known from Santa Catarina or its surroundings, while the rest of the paupera group but also many others related Lycaenidae are found in the Andes.
Footnotes
References
(2006): Comments on the systematics and natural history of Aveexcrenota, a genus of rare Andean eumaeine Lycaenidae (Lepidoptera). Acta Zool. Acad. Sci. Hung. 52(3): 331–352. PDF fulltext
(2007): The description of Theritas gozmanyi from the Andes and its spectroscopic characterization with some notes on the genus (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae: Eumaeini). Acta Zool. Acad. Sci. Hung.'' 53(Supplement 1): 211–224. PDF fulltext
(2008): Tree of Life Web Project – Theritas. Version of 2008-MAR-24. Retrieved 2009-FEB-18.
(2011): Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and some other life forms – Theritas. Version of December 24, 2011. Retrieved April 1, 2012.
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Skibotn Chapel () is a chapel of the Church of Norway in Storfjord Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in the village of Skibotn. It is an annex chapel for the Storfjord parish which is part of the Nord-Troms prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white, wooden, cruciform chapel was originally built and designed by a local builder in 1895. The building has been remodeled and enlarged several times since. The building was consecrated as a chapel on 22 Jun 1931 by the Bishop Eivind Berggrav. The chapel seats about 710 people (more than the population of the village), and it is used for large Læstadian gatherings for the region.
See also
List of churches in Nord-Hålogaland
References
Storfjord
Churches in Troms
Wooden churches in Norway
Cruciform churches in Norway
19th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1895
1895 establishments in Norway
Paramesiodes temulenta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in South Africa.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1912
Archipini
Imma tetrascia is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1912. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland and Western Australia.
The wingspan is 19–20 mm. The forewings are pale ochreous yellowish with four rather irregular transverse fuscous lines or shades, the first very near the base, the second at one-third, broken and interrupted in the middle, the upper portion oblique, the third beyond the middle, somewhat oblique, the fourth from four-fifths of the costa to the tornus, rather curved, sometimes very faint except towards the costa. There is a slender dark fuscous streak around the apex and upper portion of the termen. The hindwings are rather dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1912
Immidae
Moths of Australia
Dennis Hogan (born 1 March 1985) is an Irish professional boxer who has challenged for world championships in two weight classes; the WBO light-middleweight and WBC middleweight titles, both in 2019.
Personal life
Hogan currently lives in Newstead, Queensland, Australia.
Amateur boxing career
Hogan gathered an extensive amateur career of over 150 fights in Ireland. They lost to the 2008 Olympic Finalist Kenny Egan in the semifinals of the 2009 Irish Selection Tournament, 2009 and 2010 Irish Nationals. They have won the Ireland Light Heavyweight Championship.
Professional boxing career
Early career
Hogan made their professional debut in a winning effort against Marlon Toby by corner retirement (RTD) on 1 April 2011.
During their second professional boxing match, they fought Australian boxer, Ben Dyer, in collecting their first knockout victory within the 3rd round on 13 May 2011.
In their third bout, they gained their first draw by drawing debutant Edmund Eramiha on 17 June 2011.
Hogan received their first title opportunity facing Glen Fitzpatrick for the vacant Australian Queensland State super middleweight title where Hogan won by technical knockout (TKO), 1:58 into 4th round.
On 5 December 2015, Hogan received their first major title opportunity facing Jack Culcay for the WBA Interim super welterweight title where Hogan lost by unanimous decision (UD), the first loss of their career.
Hogan vs. Munguía
On 13 April 2019, Hogan was assigned the mandatory challenger to face a returning Jaime Munguía for their title. Munguía won by a controversial majority decision (MD).
Hogan vs. Charlo
On 7 December 2019, Hogan faced Jermall Charlo who was set to defend their WBC middleweight title. Hogan was ranked #5 by the WBC at middleweight. Charlo dropped Hogan twice, once in the fourth and once in the seventh round. Charlo managed to get a TKO victory over Hogan in the seventh round. Hogan managed to get up from the second knockdown in the seventh round, but the referee, Charlie Fitch, decided to award Charlo the TKO victory.
Hogan vs. Tszyu
On 31 March 2021, Hogan, who was ranked #10 by the WBO, was set to face Tim Tszyu who was ranked #9 by The Ring, #1 by the WBO, #3 by the IBF, #7 by the WBA and #11 by the WBC. Tszyu defeated Hogan in the fifth round by technical knockout.
Hogan vs. Browne
On 17 November 2021, Hogan faced Tommy Browne where Hogan broke their three-match losing streak by defeating Browne by unanimous decision.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
https://www.tapology.com/fightcenter/fighters/214924-dennis-hogan-hurrican
Living people
1985 births
Irish male boxers
People from Kildare (town)
Sportspeople from County Kildare
Super-middleweight boxers
Middleweight boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Relations between Angola and Japan were established in September 1976, shortly after Angola received formal sovereignty. As of 2007, economic relations played "a fundamental role in the bilateral relations between the two governments."
Visits
Angola and Japan established relations in September 1976. UNICEF Amity Ambassador Tetsuko Kuroyanagi visited Angola in 1989. Masakuni Murakami, a member of the House of Councillors, visited in 1994. Tetsuro Yano, a member of the House of Councillors, visited Angola in 1998. Tetsuro Yano, a member of the House of Councillors, visited in 2000. Tetsuro Yano, a member of the House of Councillors, visited in 2001. Foreign Affairs Minister Yoriko Kawaguchi visited in 2001. Tetsuro Yano, a member of the House of Councillors, in 2002. Tetsuro Yano, Senior Vice-Minister for Foreign Affairs, visited in 2003. Tetsuro Yano, a member of the House of Councillors, in 2004. Pedro de Castro van Dúnem, the Minister of External Relations, visited Japan in 1989, 1991 and 1992. Minister of Commerce and Tourism Dias visited in 1993. In 1995, Prime Minister Marcolino Moco, Minister of Foreign Affairs Venâncio da Silva Moura, Minister of Oil Albina F. de Assis, Secretary of Cabinet of Ministers Feijo, Minister of Geology and Mines Dias, and Minister of Fisheries and Environment Marta de F. M. Jardim all visited Japan in 1995. Antonio D.P. Costa Neto, the Minister of Public Administration Employment and Social Security, visited in 1998. Secretary of the Cabinet of Ministers Van-Dunem visited in 1999. Angolan President José Eduardo dos Santos, Minister of Hotels and Tourism Valentin, and Minister of Foreign Affairs Miranda visited in 2001. Minister of Commerce Hossi visited in 2002. Minister of Finance Moras and Assistant Minister to the Prime Minister Jaime visited in 2003.
Education
Japan became the first country in Asia to have an educational partnership with a school in Angola on 21st January, 2013, when Japan's Ryukoku University (Kyoto City) and Angola's Agostinho Neto University engaged in a student exchange and academic research cooperative agreement. The cooperative agreement was signed at the Angolan Embassy in Japan by Ryukoku's Dean Akamatsu, Agostinho Neto University's Dean, and the Angolan Ambassador to Japan.
See also
Foreign relations of Angola
Foreign relations of Japan
References
External links
Embassy of the Republic of Angola in Japan
Embassy of Japan in Angola
Japan
Bilateral relations of Japan
"Estonian Encyclopaedia" () is Estonian encyclopaedia which was published in 1985-2007. From 1985 to 1990 its title was "Eesti nõukogude entsüklopeedia" (abbreviated ENE; in English: 'Estonian Soviet Encyclopaedia') and thereafter its title was "Eesti entsüklopeedia" (abbreviated EE).
In 2010 were started digitalization of the encyclopaedia.
Editors-in-chief were as follows:
Gustav Naan (1985-1989, editions I-IV),
Ülo Kaevats (1989-1992),
Toomas Varrak (1992-1995),
Ülo Kaevats (1995-2002; second time)
Hardo Aasmäe (2002-2007).
See also
Estonian Soviet Encyclopaedia
References
External links
Partly digitalized Estonian Encyclopaedia
Estonian-language encyclopedias
Plaxiphora obtecta is a large chiton in the family Mopaliidae, endemic to New Zealand, where it is most often found on the West Coast of the North Island. It is called Haka-hiwihiwi by some Māori and was likely a food source.
Description and habitat
Up to long and wide, making it one of the largest chitons found in New Zealand. It has a broad dark brown girdle dotted with small short bristles, and reduced dark green valves, sometimes with a paler stripe down the centre. It is frequent around the holdfasts of algae and in rock crevices around the low intertidal zone, usually on exposed coasts.
References
Mopaliidae
Chitons of New Zealand
Molluscs described in 1893
The 2021–22 season was the 103rd season in the existence of U.S. Salernitana 1919 and the club's first season back in the top flight of Italian football since 1999. In addition to the domestic league, Salernitana participated in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021.
Coppa Italia
References
U.S. Salernitana 1919 seasons
Salernitana
Beerayya or Bheerappa is a God of Kuruma community in India. This community celebrates Beerayya Patnalu Which is celebration of God Beerayya Marriage for every 5 or 7 or 9 years. Beerollu are the traditional priests of kuruma or Kuruba Community and perform the marriage of Beerayya with Kamaraathi.
Temple
Kuruma or Kuruba is a caste in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Kuruma people worship Beeraiah as their caste god. Kuruma's celebrate the festival called Beerayya Patnalu which is a celebration like Jathara every 5-10 years. This is the biggest festival in the kuruma community. Relatives, near and far and guests are invited to this festival.
Beeraiah Patnalu
Beeraayya Patnalu is celebrated for 7 days. Events include Pochamma Bonalu, Mailalu, Ganga Bonam or Jaldi, bonalu, Beerayya Marriage, Sarugu, Post marriage Oggu Katha, and Garadi.
References
Social groups of India
Twin films are films with the same, or a very similar, plot produced or released at the same time by two different film studios. The phenomenon can result from two or more production companies investing in similar scripts around the same time, resulting in a race to distribute the films to audiences. Some attribute twin films to industrial espionage, the movement of staff between studios, or that the same screenplays are sent to several film studios before being accepted. Another possible explanation is if the films deal with topical issues, such as volcanic eruptions, reality television, terrorist attacks, or significant anniversaries, resulting in multiple discovery of the concept.
While twin films usually are big budget films, a mockbuster can be made with a low budget, with similar titles, aesthetics or theme as blockbuster films. Mockbusters are usually given more limited release and marketing, intending to take advantage of the public interest in the topic driven by the major film.
Producer Bingham Ray recalls a conversation where the screenwriter of the 2006 Truman Capote biopic Infamous phoned to announce that their script had been finished. Ray said "I know, I've got it on my desk!" before realizing that they actually had the screenplay to Capote, a biopic by a different writer.
Avoiding twin films
Screenwriter Terry Rossio notes that there are always film projects with similar subjects being developed in multiple studios, and that usually only one of them makes it into production in a given period of time, and therefore twin films are better regarded as exceptions to this tendency. For example, the release of the 2015 Whitey Bulger biopic Black Mass led to the abandonment of a planned film about Bulger that would have been produced by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon.
The 2008 film Who Do You Love?, about American record label Chess Records, had its widespread release delayed until 2010 to avoid competing with Cadillac Records, a higher-budget 2008 film on the same subject.
In one case, for the 1974 film The Towering Inferno, the fear of having competing action thrillers, both set in a burning skyscraper, convinced two Hollywood studios to merge their productions into one (all-star) film.
Notable examples
Notable examples of twin films are included in this list:
|-
| Oblivion
| 2013
| After Earth
| 2013
| Both films include a protagonist who must fight for survival on a post-apocalyptic Earth.
|-
| This Is the End
| 2013
| The World's End
| 2013
| Also Rapture-Palooza (2013); all are apocalyptic comedy films.
|-
| The Double
| 2013
| Enemy
| 2013
| Both are about a man who finds their physical doppelgänger in a seemingly totalitarian state.
|-
| The Machine
| 2013
| Automata
| 2014
| Also Ex Machina (2014), Transcendence (2014), Chappie (2015), and Uncanny (2015). All are science fiction films involving robots and/or artificial intelligence.
|-
| Yves Saint Laurent
| 2014
| Saint Laurent
| 2014
| Both are Yves Saint Laurent biopics.
|-
| Hercules
| 2014
| The Legend of Hercules
| 2014
| Also Hercules Reborn (2014). All are about Hercules.
|-
| The Equalizer
| 2014
| John Wick
| 2014
| Both films involve a highly trained protagonist who seeks vengeance through killing.
|-
| Life After Beth
| 2014
| Burying the Ex
| 2014
| Also Warm Bodies (2013). All three are romantic comedies involving zombies.
|-
| This Is Where I Leave You
| 2014
| August: Osage County
| 2014
| Both movies involve dysfunctional families reuniting after the death of the patriarch.
|-
| Unfriended
| 2014
| Friend Request
| 2016
| Both are horror films with plots centered around social media.
|-
| Labyrinth of Lies
| 2014
| The People vs. Fritz Bauer
| 2015
| Also (2016). All are films depicting the effort which led to the Frankfurt Auschwitz trials by a group of prosecutors headed by Fritz Bauer.
|-
| Moonwalkers
| 2015
| Operation Avalanche
| 2016
| Both are films based on Moon landing conspiracy theories.
|-
| The Beauty Inside
| 2015
| Every Day
| 2018
| Both are a romance between a woman and a spirit who wakes up every day in a different body.
|-
| Marguerite
| 2015
| Florence Foster Jenkins
| 2016
| Both films are based on Florence Foster Jenkins' life.
|-
| The Martian
| 2015
| Approaching the Unknown
| 2016
| Also Forsaken (2018). Both are about a man who is stranded in space on a mission to Mars and has to figure out a way to survive.
|-
| Spectre
| 2015
| Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation
| 2015
| Both films feature the protagonists chasing after secret criminal organisations through Austria, Morocco and London while their intelligence agencies are shutting down. Paramount had to advance the release date of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation to avoid conflicting with Spectre.
|-
| Coming Through the Rye
| 2015
| Rebel in the Rye
| 2017
| Both are films about J. D. Salinger.
|-
| Other People
| 2016
| The Hollars
| 2016
| Both are about a male writer living in New York City who returns to their hometown for their mother dying of cancer.
|-
| Southside with You
| 2016
| Barry
| 2016
| Both are films about a young Barack Obama, and a love interest.
|-
| Christine
| 2016
| Kate Plays Christine
| 2016
| Both are films about Christine Chubbuck, though Kate Plays Christine is a documentary about the acting process.
|-
| Captain Fantastic
| 2016
| The Glass Castle
| 2017
| Both are about a large family who lives secluded from the civilized world and deal with its moral ramifications.
|-
| Anthropoid
| 2016
| The Man with the Iron Heart
| 2017
| Both films are about Operation Anthropoid, the assassination of SS-Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich.
|-
| The Jungle Book
| 2016
| Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle
| 2018
| Both are live-action, CGI-heavy adaptations of Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book, though the 2016 film is a remake of the 1967 animated musical film.
|-
| Earthquake
| 2016
| Spitak
| 2018
| Both films are about the 1988 Armenian earthquake.
|-
| Churchill
| 2017
| The Darkest Hour
| 2017
| Both are films about Winston Churchill. Also, the TV film Churchill's Secret (2016) is about Winston Churchill.
|-
| The Darkest Hour
| 2017
| Dunkirk
| 2017
| Both films are about planning of the evacuation of Dunkirk.
|-
| The Age of Pioneers
| 2017
| Salyut 7
| 2017
| Both Russian films are based on facts and feature Soviet cosmonauts.
|-
| Goodbye Christopher Robin
| 2017
| Christopher Robin
| 2018
| The former is about the life of Winnie-the-Pooh author A. A. Milne's son Christopher Robin. The latter is about the adult life of the book character Christopher Robin, who author A. A. Milne based on their son.
|-
| Crowhurst
| 2017
| The Mercy
| 2018
| Both films are about Donald Crowhurst's ill-fated entry in the Sunday Times Golden Globe Race, a non-stop round-the-world sailing competition. Uniquely, these films not only have an identical subject, but were also distributed by the same studio, namely StudioCanal: according to the head of StudioCanal UK, Danny Perkins, the company bought the low-budget production Crowhurst "so we could control it".
|-
| The Miseducation of Cameron Post
| 2018
| Boy Erased
| 2018
| The main character in both films is a gay teenager whose family force them into undergoing conversion therapy.
|-
| U – July 22
| 2018
| 22 July
| 2018
| Both are dramas based on the 2011 Utøya, Norway massacre.
|-
| Sink or Swim
| 2018
| Swimming with Men
| 2018
| Both are about a man who is facing a midlife crisis and joins an all-male synchronised swimming team.
|-
| Upgrade
| 2018
| Venom
| 2018
| Both are films about intelligent symbiotes, which are attached to and talk to their human host, giving the human enhanced powers and abilities, but gradually take control of the host. Respective stars Logan Marshall-Green and Tom Hardy also look alike.
|-
| Smallfoot
| 2018
| Abominable
| 2019
| Both are computer-animated films about abominable snowmen making first contact with humans and are both set in the Himalayas.
|-
| Puppet Master: The Littlest Reich
| 2018
| The Happytime Murders
| 2018
| Both are dark comedies featuring puppets.
|-
| A Quiet Place
| 2018
| The Silence
| 2019
| Both involve the world coming under attack from terrifying creatures who hunt their human prey by sound.
|-
| Beautiful Boy
| 2018
| Ben Is Back
| 2018
| Both are melodramas about a family with a teenage son facing a drug addiction.
|-
| Skate Kitchen
| 2018
| Mid90s
| 2018
| Both are coming of age stories about a group of skateboarding teenagers played by inexperienced actors who skateboard in real life. In both films, the primary character is the newest member of the group and has a contentious relationship with their single mother.
|-
| RBG
| 2018
| On the Basis of Sex
| 2018
| A documentary and a biographical drama about Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
|-
|Won't You Be My Neighbor?
|2018
|A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood
|2019
|Both films are about Fred Rogers, although the former is a documentary while the latter is a biopic.
|-
| Widows
| 2018
| The Kitchen
| 2019
| Both are about the law-abiding wives of criminals who take up their husbands' criminal plans when they are gone.
|-
| Lez Bomb
|2018
| The Happiest Season
| 2020
| Both films revolve around lesbians who plan to come out to their conservative families during the holidays, only to be confronted by their ex-boyfriends; Lez Bomb is set on Thanksgiving while Happiest Season takes place on Christmas.
|-
| Fyre Fraud
| 2019
| Fyre
| 2019
| Both are documentaries about the Fyre Festival.
|-
| A Dog's Journey
| 2019
| The Art of Racing in the Rain
| 2019
| Both are films about a dog's life in their owner's lives and are narrated and seen through the eyes of the dogs.
|-
| The Haunting of Sharon Tate
| 2019
| Once Upon a Time in Hollywood
| 2019
| Both are films about Sharon Tate and their murder. Although the former is a horror thriller film that dramatizes the events, the latter takes place in a alternate universe where the murder did not take place.
|-
|Portrait of a Lady on Fire
| 2019
|Ammonite
| 2020
|Both films are set around 1800 on the coast of the English Channel and feature a forbidden lesbian relationship further complicated by class differences
|-
|The King's Letters
| 2019
|Forbidden Dream
| 2019
|Both are about King Sejong the Great and their patronage of scholarship.
|-
|Ujda Chaman
| 2019
|Bala
| 2019
|Both Bollywood movies were about men facing premature baldness and hence becoming a subject of social ridicule and facing problems finding a spouse. In fact, the films released only one week apart. The striking similarity between the trailers of both the movies even led to a director filing a petition in court to stall the other's release.
|-
|Never Rarely Sometimes Always
| 2020
|Unpregnant
| 2020
|Both are American films about a teenage girl finding out they are pregnant and going on a road trip with their best friend to another state to get an abortion without their parents' consent.
|-
|Friend of the World
| 2020
|Don't Look Up
| 2021
|Both are science fiction comedy satire films influenced by Dr. Strangelove and The Twilight Zone, involving an apocalyptic event that could have been avoided if not for a corrupt official of the United States.
|-
|Killer Spider
| 2020
|Holy Spider
| 2022
|Both are dramatizations of the case of Saeed Hanaei, a serial killer who targeted sex workers in Iran.
|-
|Pinocchio
| 2022
|Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio
| 2022
|Both films are based on The Adventures of Pinocchio.
|}
Other meanings
One story from two perspectives
The term "twin films" has also been used for films produced by the same production company with the purpose of telling the same story from two different points of view:
Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Françoise (1964) and Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Jean-Marc (1964) use the same cast to tell the same story from two different points of view.
The World War II films Flags of Our Fathers (2006) and Letters from Iwo Jima (2006) are about the Battle of Iwo Jima, told from the perspective of United States Marines and Japanese soldiers.
Multiple-language films
The term "twin films" has also been used for multiple-language versions of films:
Raavan (2010) and Raavanan (2010) use similar casts filming the scenes in both Hindi and Tamil.
References
Film and video terminology
Films by type
Valley Relics Museum is a museum located in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles. The LA Weekly named the Valley Relics Museum one of its 2017 winners of "Best Of L.A.: Arts & Entertainment".
Founded in 2013 by Tommy Gelinas, Valley Relics Museum's collection spans from the 1800s to the present day, with over 20,000 items. Notable items include the original signage of popular North Hollywood country music venue the Palomino Club, and other San Fernando Valley landmarks. It also houses original costumes designed by and an made by North Hollywood-based rodeo tailor Nudie Cohn, costume designer for country music stars as well as Elvis Presley; two of the "Nudiemobiles", cars that were customized by Cohn, that remain in Cohn's family are housed at the museum (Cohen's 1975 Cadillac Eldorado convertible and 1964 Pontiac Safari wagon).
The museum also houses items from outside the valley, including the West Hollywood Tiffany Theater sign. The museum was also instrumental in preserving and housing the Tail o' the Pup hot dog stand, previously located in Beverly Hills and West Hollywood.
In addition, the collection includes over 150 BMX bikes from the 1970s to the 1980s (many were manufactured in the San Fernando Valley). The museum's total collection also includes vintage neon signs, postcards and fast food memorabilia, as well as a letter written by Isaac Newton Van Nuys, a 19th-century business person and namesake of its Van Nuys neighborhood.
In 2018, the museum relocated from Chatsworth to a location near the Van Nuys Airport. According to the Los Angeles Daily News, despite increase in size of the Van Nuys location (over 10,000 square feet), the museum will only display about 45 percent of its collection at a time. It was only able to present 30 percent of its collection at a time at its Chatsworth location.
References
External links
Official website
History of the San Fernando Valley
San Fernando Valley
Non-profit organizations based in Los Angeles
Museums in Los Angeles
Van Nuys, Los Angeles
Nathan Polk Morton (September 25, 1948 – November 30, 2005) is best known as a pioneer of the "big-box" retail method.
Born in Washington, D.C. to Robert and Natalie Morton, their elementary and junior high school years were spent in the Town of Tonawanda, a northern suburb bordering Buffalo, New York. Their family moved to Chicago shortly after they started high school. They attended the State University of New York at Buffalo, where they majored in Drama, graduating in 1970. They would later earn an M.B.A. from the University of Buffalo. Their career in retail began with Two Guys, and they later moved to Target Corporation, where they were instrumental in that chain's expansion to the West Coast.
They later became Executive VP of operations with Home Depot, expanding its stores across the nation, and is listed in "The Book" about Home Depot's founding and meteoric expansion. They were later recruited to join Soft Warehouse Inc. as its chief operating officer and CEO in 1988, oversaw changing the company's name to CompUSA and taking it public in 1991. They resigned as the company's chairperson and CEO in December 1993. Morton was also a co-founder and twice served as President of CompTIA, the Association of Computer and Software developers and resellers.
At the time of their death from pneumonia in Frisco, Texas, they were chairperson and CEO of Central Lighting Co. based in Irvine, CA, Chairman of the Board at American Homestar Corp. in Houston, Texas, and Chairman of the Board of Starpower Home Entertainment Stores of Dallas, Texas.  They are survived by their widow, Patti Morton, four sons, Jason, Ryan, Logan, and Chase Morton, step-daughter, Amy Richardson, and step-grandson, Grant Richardson.
Big-box store is a term of art in the retail trade that refers to a style of retail store, and by extension to the company behind the store. The terms superstore, megastore, and supercenter also refer to these retail establishments.
American businesspeople in retailing
1948 births
2005 deaths
USA-64, also known as GPS II-9 and GPS SVN-15, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the last of nine Block II GPS satellites to be launched, which were the first operational GPS satellites to fly. It was also the last Block II satellite to be retired from service.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-64 was launched at 21:56:00 UTC on 1 October 1990, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D199, flying in the 6925 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-64 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 31 October 1990, USA-64 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.94 minutes, and 54.9° of inclination to the equator. It operated in slot 5 of plane D of the GPS constellation. The satellite had a mass of , and generated 710 watts of power. It had a design life of 7.5 years, having been added from active service on 17 November 2006 for testing, and ceased operations on 14 March 2007.
References
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1990
The 1902 VFL season was the sixth season of the Victorian Football League (VFL), the highest level senior Australian rules football competition in Victoria. The season featured eight clubs, ran from 3 May until 20 September, and comprised a 17-game home-and-away season followed by a finals series featuring the top four clubs.
The premiership was won by the Collingwood Football Club for the first time, after it defeated by 33 points in the 1902 VFL Grand Final.
Premiership season
In 1902, the VFL competition consisted of eight teams of 18 on-the-field players each, with no "reserves", although any of the 18 players who had left the playing field for any reason could later resume their place on the field at any time during the match.
Each team played each other twice in a home-and-away season of 14 rounds. Then, based on ladder positions after those 14 rounds, three further 'sectional rounds' were played, with the teams ranked 1st, 3rd, 5th and 7th playing in one section and the teams ranked 2nd, 4th, 6th and 8th playing in the other.
Once the 17 round home-and-away season had finished, the 1902 VFL Premiers were determined by the specific format and conventions of the amended Argus system.
Round 1
Round 2
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.6 (36)
|
| 14.20 (104)
| Junction Oval
| 10 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 3.6 (24)
|
| 10.17 (77)
| Corio Oval
| 10 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.10 (34)
|
| 8.3 (51)
| MCG
| 10 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 8.13 (61)
|
| 0.8 (8)
| Lake Oval
| 10 May 1902
Round 3
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 8.10 (58)
|
| 8.4 (52)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 17 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 7.6 (48)
|
| 3.7 (25)
| EMCG
| 17 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 11.15 (81)
|
| 3.2 (20)
| Victoria Park
| 17 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 2.13 (25)
|
| 4.9 (33)
| Junction Oval
| 17 May 1902
Round 4
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 11.11 (77)
|
| 5.3 (33)
| Corio Oval
| 24 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.8 (38)
|
| 4.11 (35)
| EMCG
| 24 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 3.4 (22)
|
| 7.13 (55)
| Victoria Park
| 24 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.13 (49)
|
| 8.12 (60)
| Princes Park
| 24 May 1902
Round 5
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.14 (44)
|
| 3.9 (27)
| Corio Oval
| 31 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 7.17 (59)
|
| 6.10 (46)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 31 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.5 (35)
|
| 5.12 (42)
| Junction Oval
| 31 May 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 7.16 (58)
|
| 5.8 (38)
| EMCG
| 31 May 1902
Round 6
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.15 (51)
|
| 11.10 (76)
| Victoria Park
| 7 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.6 (30)
|
| 9.14 (68)
| Princes Park
| 7 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.13 (43)
|
| 1.3 (9)
| Lake Oval
| 7 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 2.13 (25)
|
| 3.8 (26)
| MCG
| 7 June 1902
Round 7
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 7.5 (47)
|
| 6.10 (46)
| MCG
| 9 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 8.14 (62)
|
| 3.8 (26)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 9 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.4 (40)
|
| 10.4 (64)
| Junction Oval
| 9 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 8.11 (59)
|
| 3.3 (21)
| Victoria Park
| 9 June 1902
Round 8
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.26 (50)
|
| 1.8 (14)
| Victoria Park
| 14 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 3.6 (24)
|
| 8.7 (55)
| Junction Oval
| 14 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.12 (42)
|
| 7.6 (48)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 14 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.7 (43)
|
| 7.5 (47)
| Corio Oval
| 14 June 1902
Round 9
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 12.8 (80)
|
| 2.7 (19)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 21 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 2.3 (15)
|
| 4.10 (34)
| EMCG
| 21 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 7.19 (61)
|
| 4.7 (31)
| Victoria Park
| 21 June 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.7 (31)
|
| 2.6 (18)
| Princes Park
| 21 June 1902
Round 10
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 10.12 (72)
|
| 7.7 (49)
| Princes Park
| 5 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.10 (46)
|
| 4.10 (34)
| Lake Oval
| 5 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 3.9 (27)
|
| 6.12 (48)
| MCG
| 5 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.8 (44)
|
| 12.12 (84)
| Corio Oval
| 5 July 1902
Round 11
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.9 (33)
|
| 7.7 (49)
| Junction Oval
| 12 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.6 (36)
|
| 6.7 (43)
| Lake Oval
| 12 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.9 (45)
|
| 9.14 (68)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 12 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.12 (36)
|
| 4.9 (33)
| MCG
| 12 July 1902
Round 12
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 19.13 (127)
|
| 1.4 (10)
| Victoria Park
| 19 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.9 (33)
|
| 1.10 (16)
| Princes Park
| 19 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 7.13 (55)
|
| 6.9 (45)
| Lake Oval
| 19 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.7 (37)
|
| 4.9 (33)
| MCG
| 19 July 1902
Round 13
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 2.10 (22)
|
| 5.7 (37)
| Junction Oval
| 26 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 8.6 (54)
|
| 3.9 (27)
| Corio Oval
| 26 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.6 (36)
|
| 7.5 (47)
| EMCG
| 26 July 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.6 (30)
|
| 6.8 (44)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 26 July 1902
Round 14
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 12.12 (84)
|
| 3.4 (22)
| EMCG
| 2 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 2.3 (15)
|
| 7.10 (52)
| Princes Park
| 2 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 3.9 (27)
|
| 9.9 (63)
| Lake Oval
| 2 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.10 (40)
|
| 9.7 (61)
| Corio Oval
| 2 August 1902
Sectional Rounds
Sectional Round 1 (Round 15)
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 7.5 (47)
|
| 1.7 (13)
| MCG
| 16 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 12.12 (84)
|
| 5.14 (44)
| Victoria Park
| 16 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 3.5 (23)
|
| 10.12 (72)
| Junction Oval
| 16 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.6 (36)
|
| 6.15 (51)
| Corio Oval
| 16 August 1902
Sectional Round 2 (Round 16)
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.11 (47)
|
| 3.6 (24)
| Princes Park
| 23 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.4 (34)
|
| 13.9 (87)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 23 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 11.11 (77)
|
| 8.8 (56)
| MCG
| 23 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 12.12 (84)
|
| 5.9 (39)
| Lake Oval
| 23 August 1902
Sectional Round 3 (Round 17)
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 5.10 (40)
|
| 7.4 (46)
| Princes Park
| 30 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 16.16 (112)
|
| 2.11 (23)
| Victoria Park
| 30 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.10 (46)
|
| 7.8 (50)
| Brunswick Street Oval
| 30 August 1902
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 10.9 (69)
|
| 5.5 (35)
| MCG
| 30 August 1902
Ladder
Semi finals
First Semi Final
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
| Attendance
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 9.7 (61)
|
| 7.9 (51)
| Princes Park
| 6 September 1902
| 8,000
|- style="background:#fff;"
Second Semi Final
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
| Attendance
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 6.12 (48)
|
| 9.10 (64)
| MCG
| 6 September 1902
| 13,000
|- style="background:#fff;"
Preliminary final
|- style="background:#ccf;"
| Home team
| Home team score
| Away team
| Away team score
| Venue
| Date
| Attendance
|- style="background:#fff;"
|
| 4.10 (34)
|
| 6.9 (45)
| MCG
| 13 September 1902
| 26,000
|- style="background:#fff;"
Grand final
Collingwood defeated Essendon 9.6 (60) to 3.9 (27). (For an explanation of scoring see Australian rules football).
Awards
The 1902 VFL Premiership team was Collingwood.
The VFL's leading goalkicker in the home-and-away season was Charlie Baker of St Kilda with 30 goals; St Kilda kicked only 64 goals for the year, of which Baker kicked 46.9%, and Baker's proportion of their team's goals is a VFL/AFL record. Including finals, Ted Rowell of Collingwood scored the most goals with 33.
Notable events
The VFL instituted the amended Argus system to determine the season's premiers.
St Kilda finished last without a win, their sixth consecutive wooden spoon, and seven games behind second-last Geelong, both VFL/AFL records.
In each of Rounds 8 and 10, while champion Albert Thurgood was serving a three-match suspension for striking, one of their team-mates took the field each week under the nom de guerre "Goodthur"; the name was used (in quote marks) in all news reports of the matches. Football historians Michael Maplestone and Stephen Rogers, through a process of elimination, determined that Goodthur was most likely Fred Mann, and official statistics reflect this.
Collingwood's Charlie Pannam becomes the first VFL player to play 100 VFL games (at the end of the 1902 season, they had played in 104 of the 106 VFL games that Collingwood had played since the VFL's first round of games in 1897).
Footnotes
References
Hogan, P., The Tigers Of Old, The Richmond Football Club, (Richmond), 1996.
Rogers, S. & Brown, A., Every Game Ever Played: VFL/AFL Results 1897–1997 (Sixth Edition), Viking Books, (Ringwood), 1998.
Ross, J. (ed), 100 Years of Australian Football 1897–1996: The Complete Story of the AFL, All the Big Stories, All the Great Pictures, All the Champions, Every AFL Season Reported, Viking, (Ringwood), 1996.
External links
1902 Season - AFL Tables
Australian Football League seasons
VFL seasons
Phyllonorycter bataviella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the United States (Cincinnati, Illinois, Ohio, Maine and Michigan).
The wingspan is 7-7.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
bataviella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1908
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
The Midnight Room is the fifth studio album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2007.
Track listing
Twin Ghosts
Telephone Ringing
It's In Them Eyes
Take My Hand
The Ferryman
Electric Princess
Quarter To Three
Mercury Blood
Granny's House
Come Closer
References
Jennifer Gentle albums
2007 albums
The Big Snit is a 1985 animated short film written and directed by Richard Condie and produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
Plot
A married couple plays a game of Scrabble that has stalemated as the husband is unable to come up with a word. The two go their separate ways; they watch their favourite TV show, "Sawing for Teens," while their wife works on cleaning the house. While the husband dozes off, "Sawing for Teens" is interrupted by the emergency warning: a severe worldwide nuclear war has broken out, and the cat severs the TV's electrical cord. As the husband awakens, they look out the window to see that the streets have descended into chaos, and they return to the game board, unaware of the global cataclysm, and sneaking a peek at their wife's letters. The wife, finished with their cleaning and also oblivious, catches them in the act, which they deny. And then, the two begin arguing over every petty flaw each one has, up to the point where the wife runs away in tears.
The husband spots an old photo of them and their wife at "Expo 1957" (a spoof of the real-life Expo 67), prompting memories of the couple in happier times. Unable to console their wife, they begin playing the concertina (poorly), which softens their wife enough for both of them to reconcile. As the cat claws to be let outside, the husband obliges and reaches for the doorknob. At that moment, following a cutaway of a rapidly zooming-in bird's-eye view of their house, a white glow emanates from the keyhole and the husband are vapourized, implying that a nuclear bomb has hit the house and that everyone has been instantly killed.
The door then opens and, instead of chaos, a vision of Heaven is seen outside. The couple, unaware of their apparent deaths, marvels at the beauty of the scene and decides to return to their Scrabble game.
Voice cast
Jay Brazeau as the Husband
Ida Osler as the Wife
Randy Woods as the "Sawing for Teens" Host
Bill Guest as the Station Announcer
Reception and legacy
The film received 17 awards including the Grand Prize at the Montreal World Film Festival, the Special Jury Award for Humour at the Zagreb World Festival of Animated Films, the Golden Space Needle for Best Short at the Seattle International Film Festival, Best Animated Film at the Tampere Film Festival, the Silver Plaque for Animation at the Chicago International Film Festival, the Hiroshima Prize at the Hiroshima International Animation Festival, the FIPRESCI International Film Critics' Prize at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival and a Genie Award for Best Animated Short. It was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 58th Academy Awards.
In 1994, it was voted #25 of the 50 Greatest Cartoons of all time by members of the animation field, and was the highest ranked cartoon in the list that was from the NFB. It was also included in the Animation Show of Shows. Animation expert Charles Solomon cited it as one of the best animated films of the 1980s.
In popular culture
The Big Snit inspired a Scrabble scene in the second episode of The Simpsons' first season, "Bart the Genius".
References
External links
Canadian Film Encyclopedia
The Big Snit on BCDB
1985 films
Animated comedy films
Canadian animated short films
Canadian comedy films
Films about nuclear war and weapons
National Film Board of Canada animated short films
Films directed by Richard Condie
Works about Scrabble
Best Animated Short Film Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
1985 comedy films
1980s animated short films
1985 animated films
Animated films about cats
Animated films about birds
English-language Canadian films
1980s English-language films
1980s Canadian films
ADAC Motorwelt (German: ADAC Motoring) is a German automobile and travel magazine published in Munich, Germany. It is a membership magazine of ADAC (Allgemeiner Deutscher Automobil-Club e.V.) and is one of the largest magazines in the country.
History and profile
ADAC Motorwelt was established in 1925 as a monthly magazine of ADAC. The magazine and ADAC Sport are the successors of another car magazine, Der Motorfahrer, which was published for 22 years until 1925. ADAC Motorwelt is the official media outlet of ADAC. Its publisher is ADAC Verlag. The magazine was published on a monthly basis and has its headquarters in Munich.
The magazine covers articles mainly on cars and travel-related topics. In regard to the cars, the magazine features news about road tests, motor sports and new model previews. It publishes several lists and provides awards, including "Germany's favourite car", based on reader votes. In January 2014 Michael Ramstetter, editor of the magazine, resigned from the post due to alleged vote manipulation in relation to the award of "Germany's favourite car" for 2013.
From 2020 ADAC Motorwelt became a quarterly publication. In the first quarter of 2020, the Burda affiliate BCN started to handle everything from production and printing to editorial services to marketing to distribution of the ADAC Motorwelt; the mobility club continues to be its publisher, and editor-in-chief Martin Kunz continues to oversee the content. At the same time, ADAC enhances and expands its digital communication channels.
ADAC Motorwelt is available at the ADAC local offices, travel agencies and driver safety locations as well as the EDEKA and Netto supermarkets. All members need to do to get a copy of the magazine is show their membership card.
Circulation
In 1992 ADAC Motorwelt had a circulation of 10.9 million copies. It was the top special interest magazine worldwide in 2001 with a circulation of 13,162,000 copies. The magazine had an average circulation of 13,777,000 copies in 2003, making it the largest magazine in Germany. It was again the largest magazine in the country with a circulation of 13,616,000 copies in 2005. During the fourth quarter of 2006 its circulation was 13,849,000 copies. Its total circulation was 13,700,000 copies in 2006, making it the largest magazine in Germany.
The circulation of ADAC Motorwelt was 13,808,111 copies in 2010, making it the largest European automobile magazine.
See also
List of magazines in Germany
References
External links
1925 establishments in Germany
Automobile magazines published in Germany
German-language magazines
Magazines established in 1925
Magazines published in Munich
Monthly magazines published in Germany
Quarterly magazines published in Germany
This is a list astronomy websites. Some of them are CalSky, Exoplanet Archive, Exoplanet Data Explorer, Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia, Universe Today, Space.com and Galaxy Zoo. Out of all these Exoplanet Archive is managed by NASA. These websites provide knowledge about exoplanets, eclipses, tides, comets, stars, galaxy and other topics about astronomy. These websites also serve as a knowledge sharing platform for astronomy students and astronomers.
List
Astronomia.pl
Astronomia.pl was a Polish web portal for astronomy and space research. It was founded in 2001 and was active until 2015. While active, it was the largest astronomy and space portal in Poland, hosting over 3000 articles at its prime.
CalSky
CalSky (sky calendar) was web based astronomical calculator used by astronomers to plan observing. It was created by Arnold Barmettler a researcher at the University of Zurich and formerly a scientific assistant at the European Space Agency. The website, available in English and German, featured a calendar (and/or email notifications) generated for your location including information on aurora, comets, tides, solar and lunar eclipses, planets, bright satellite passes (ISS, HST, etc.), occultations, transits, iridium flares, and decaying satellites that may be visible. In 2020, the website ceased operation.
Exoplanet Archive
The NASA Exoplanet Archive is an online astronomical exoplanet catalog and data service that collects and serves public data that support the search for and characterization of extra-solar planets (exoplanets) and their host stars. It is part of the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center (IPAC) and is on the campus of the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena, CA. The archive is funded by NASA and was launched in early December 2011 by the NASA Exoplanet Science Institute (NExScI) as part of NASA's Exoplanet Exploration Program.
Exoplanet Data Explorer
The Exoplanet Data Explorer lists extrasolar planets up to 24 Jupiter masses.
Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia
The Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia is an astronomy website, founded in Paris, France at the Meudon Observatory by Jean Schneider in February 1995, which maintains a database of all the current known and candidate extrasolar planets, with individual "note" pages for each planet and a full list interactive catalog spreadsheet. The main catalogue comprises databases of all of the currently confirmed extrasolar planets as well as a database of unconfirmed planet detections. The databases are frequently updated with new data from peer-reviewed publications and conferences.
Galaxy Zoo
Galaxy Zoo is an online astronomy project which invites members of the public to assist in the morphological classification of large numbers of galaxies. It is an example of citizen science as it enlists the help of members of the public to help in scientific research. An improved version—Galaxy Zoo 2—went live on 17 February 2009. The current iteration of the project, launched in April 2010, is Galaxy Zoo: Hubble, and uses Hubble Space Telescope survey data. It is part of the Universe group of citizen science projects.
Space.com
Space.com is a space and astronomy news website. Its stories are often syndicated to other media outlets, including CNN, MSNBC, Yahoo!, and USA Today. Space.com was founded by former CNN anchor Lou Dobbs and Rich Zahradnik, in July 1999. At that time, Dobbs owned a sizeable share of the company, and, in an unexpected move, left CNN later that year to become Space.com's chief executive officer.
SPACETV.net
SPACETV is a non-commercial video-based news site and news aggregator dedicated to space and astronomy, founded in The Netherlands in 2014 and run by volunteers from around the world. SPACETV has a comprehensive A-Z of space topics called "Channels" and a live stream calendar of events including rocket launches and educational lectures.
Telescopius
Telescopius is a web application with multiple tools, from a 15,000+ deep sky objects database and search, to a telescope simulator, astrophotography mosaic planner, and a social network for astrophotographers.
Universe Today
Universe Today (UT) is a non-commercial space and astronomy news site, founded in 1999 by Fraser Cain and edited by Nancy Atkinson. The news can then be discussed on the forums. The forum began on 24 July 2003, and was mainly used to discuss the Universe Today news as well as ask space-related questions and discuss alternate theories. In early September 2005, the forum merged with that of Bad Astronomy combined to form the BAUT forum. The website's viewership attains several million people per year.
Emily Lakdawalla, of The Planetary Society, said that they rely on Universe Today and Bad Astronomy to "give ... an independent look at big news stories" and that UT plays a key role in space-related journalism, along with other websites such as Space.com. Several peer-reviewed papers have mentioned Universe Today as being a space-related news website.
In 2008 the site was briefly banned for about a day from Digg.com, and then unbanned. In March 2011, Businessweek reported that the site had lost 20 percent of its traffic in five days after a change in the page ranking algorithm of Google. In April 2011, the Association of British Science Writers noted that Universe Today decided to ignore embargoed stories.
References
Astronomy websites
Astronomy
Digabad (, also Romanized as Dīgābād) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Irsina, until 1895 called Montepeloso (in local dialect: or ), is a town, comune (municipality) and former Latin bishopric in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
The town
Irsina is an agricultural town perched 550 metres (1,800 ft) above sea level. It enjoys amazing panoramic views of the surrounding countryside overlooking a grain plateau which produces much of the pasta used across Italy. The economy is mostly based on agriculture, with the production of cereals and wine.
With a population of about 5000 people in 2000 households, Irsina sits on the border between the Southern Italian regions of Puglia (Apulia) and Basilicata, within the Council of Materia.
The geography of the town is very simple. The new town is joined to the old by a modern main street which has now become the commercial focus, with small bars, shops and cafes, surrounded by much housing.
Ancient walls embrace the historical centre. Entering through the town gates, there is a medieval part of Irsina with a labyrinth of cobblestone roads winding and opening up into little squares with scenic views over the vast countryside. Ancient watchtowers, small churches, elegant buildings and small fountains are familiar landmarks. The town boasts an important 13th-century cathedral which was partly rebuilt at the end of the 18th century. Also, of special note the remains of a Norman castle have since been incorporated into the crypt of the former monastery of San Francesco.
Etymology
Until 1895, the town was called Montepoloso, a name derived from the Greek '', that means 'the land fertile and rich'.
The current name, Irsina, seems to derive from the Latin ''.
History
Until 1895, the town of Irsina was called Montepoloso, a name that derives from the Greek , that means 'the land fertile and rich'. The current name seems to derive from the Latin .
The numerous archaeological finds, vases, Greek and Roman coins, weapons, furnishings, and various Italo-Greek relics, that have been found inside and outside Irsina, testify to its ancient grandeur during the Greek-Roman period.
The medieval history of Montepeloso starts from AD 895, the year in which the city was invaded by the Saracens. They were attempting to invade the southerly regions of Benevento (north-east of Napoli). They occupied many settlements in this region, which was at that time called Lucania. In 988 Montepeloso was besieged and again destroyed by the Saracens. Rebuilt by the Prince of Salerno Giovanni II, after their death (in about 998), it became the scene of bloody battles between the Muslims and the Byzantines.
In 1042, Montepeloso was the scene of a great battle between the Byzantine and the Norman armies. The Byzantine army was headed by Augustus Bugiano (Boioannes); the Norman forces are controlled by Atenolfo, brother of the Prince of Benevento. The knights are led by William of Altavilla and Argiro. The Byzantines are defeated by the Norman troops following which the town passed into Norman rule. According to the chronicle of the Beloved of Montecassino, Tristan, knight of the lineage Altavilla in the territory of the Vulture, is the first Norman Count of Montepeloso, one of the twelve baronies of which composes the County of Puglia.
In 1123, Pope Callisto II elected Montepeloso as a bishopric, perhaps to counter the presence of a strong Orthodox-Byzantine minority that still existed in the country. In 1132, Montepeloso joined the revolt of the Apulian Barons against Ruggero II, King of Sicily and Puglia, and was occupied by one of these Barons, Tancredi di Conversano, Count of Brindisi. A year later, Ruggero II punished the town for taking the side of the rebel Tancredi and it was razed to the ground and the inhabitants murdered.
There were various bloody dynastic events affecting the town in the Swabian period (11th to 14th centuries) when it was annexed to the County of Andria. With the death of Frederick II, it became a marquisate under the Lordship of Manfredi, whose defeat in the battle of Benevento in 1266 marked the passage of Montepeloso to the Angevins who first gave it to Pietro di Belmonte, (Count of Montescaglioso), and then to Giovanni di Monteforte, (Count of Squillace). In 1307, the town and the County of Montescaglioso passed to Bertrando del Balzo, Count of Avellino, who, following their marriage to Beatrice, daughter of Charles II, also obtained the County of Andria. The Aragonese took over from the Del Balzo family, who owned the lands of Montepeloso for over a century and a half. In 1586, Luigi Gaetani D'Aragona sold the barony of Montepeloso to Girolamo Grimaldi, a noble Genoese family.
In 1664, Niccolò Grimaldi, grandson of Girolamo, died leaving many debts. To pay off the fiefdom, Montepeloso was put up for auction. The town was awarded to Mr. Tommaso di Guevara, who later sold it to Girolamo Riario, (Marquis of Corleto). The Riario Sforza family were the last feudal lords of Montepeloso.
Napoleon conquered most of Italy in the name of the French Revolution by 1799. In the same year, the town joined the republican uprisings. In February of that same year the tree of freedom was planted in the square of San Salvatore, but soon, Cardinal Ruffo's Sanfedist troops extinguished any hope of change. The arrival of the French in 1806 marked the end of feudalism. In the post-unification period, Montepeloso was also affected by bandits. Some gangs led by such Ingiongiolo and D'Eufemia often operated in the town.
Change of name to Irsina
A final date marked the history of the town, February 6, 1895, with a resolution of the City Council, the ancient name of Montepeloso was changed to Irsina.
Modern town
Irsina today is a pretty, magical and unspoilt village. There is a small community of residents from across the world–Britain, Ireland, South Africa and Belgium–who live there either full-time or enjoy holiday homes. There are annual Italian language courses, art events, even an international film festival.
The Aranacea cultural hub is owned publicly by the municipality. Irsina is just coming onto the tourist radar.
The village is one hour from Bari Airport (Ryanair), and an hour and a half from Brindisi airport (also Ryanair). It is one hour from the beach, and thirty minutes from Matera. The countryside is interspersed with rivers, lakes, fields, woods and archaeological ruins.
Climate
Irsina is the southernmost city in Europe (around 40° N) with an oceanic climate (Köppen: Cfb) although it is close to cities with more Mediterranean characteristics like Potenza.
Festivals
Festival of Piety, Pizzicanto (last weekend in May)
The old festival of Piety is celebrated in the centre of Irsina on the last Sunday of May. In the past, the procession started from the small church of the Madonna della Pietà, near the allotments just outside the town, and ended at the Cathedral. The game is still played where two teams of young locals form a human pyramid and move along the streets in circular movements, enlivening the followers with a traditional song sung in local dialect. Those on top sing: 'You underneath, be careful not to drop us. If you make us fall we'll give you a good beating'. Those below respond: 'You on top, hold yourselves up properly. If you fall, we'll give you a good beating'. The game repeats itself when the team loses balance and the pyramid collapses. In the past, the trade of the participants, farmers, bricklayers etc. divided teams. This tradition also exists in parts of Spain.
Festival of Saint Roch (15–17 August)
The festival of Saint Roch (Sand'Rocc) is unique to Irsina. Every year on 15 August (a national holiday known as 'Ferragosto'), women in the old town of Irsina prepare small altars in their basements, garages and cellars, in honour of the Saint from Montpellier, to be visited from the evening of the 15th until dawn of 17 August.
For two nights locals stay awake, singing nursery rhymes, in dialect, that recount of the life and miracles of Saint Roch. To the sound of the accordion, traditional dances such as the , and are alternated, with the occasional modern dance. Spectators can admire the spotless sheets and finely embroidered tablecloths that would have been completed by the old women in their youth, and are used just for this occasion. On the altar, images and small statues of the Saint are positioned, whilst the rooms are decorated with plants, typical handicrafts and perfumed with basil herbs.
During the vigil for Saint Roch on the night of 15 August, in between the dancing and singing, , or savoury doughnuts are fried in the garages and cellars alongside the revelers. There is also a prize, a lamb, for the best decorated altar.
Festival of Saint Eufemia, (14 – 17 September)
The festival of Saint Eufemia is the oldest and most poignant tradition of Irsina. It is an annual event from 14–17 September with the most important day being the 16th, when a procession of representatives from the civil and military authorities, together with the Festival Committee, enter the Cathedral and deliver the keys of the town to the bishop. The subsequent handing over of these keys from the bishop to the custodian of Irsina, Saint Eufemia, is always a moving moment for the crowds.
A long street procession then takes place where faithful followers of Saint Eufemia carry an image of the Saint, the relic of their arm and the icon of Saint Mary of the Divine Providence (Maria S.S. Madre della Divina Provvidenza) to the streets of Irsina. The celebrations continue with fireworks displays, brass band concerts and marches, street lighting and on the last day, a pop concert.
Main sights
Irsina Cathedral (Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta) was built in the 13th century and rebuilt in 1777. It has a Baroque façade and a Gothic bell tower with mullioned windows. The interior houses a red marble baptismal font, and a marble statue of Saint Euphemia, the town's patron saint (claimed as the only known sculpture by Andrea Mantegna) and several canvasses of the 18th century Neapolitan school.
Church of the friary of St. Francis (former castle of Frederick II). Dating to the 12th century, it was rebuilt in the 16th century. The crypt has 14th-century frescoes of the Umbrian-Sienese school portraying the Redeemer, the Incoronation, the Annunciation, the Crucifixion and the Resurrection.
Church of Maria S.S. del Carmine, housing a 17th-century painting of the Marriage at Cana.
Church of the Madonna della Pieta (1703). It is located opposite the western side of the walls of the ancient Montepeloso, in an affected area since the eleventh century by the Benedictine monastery of St. Mary of Juso .
People
Chronologically:
Giovanni Maria Trabaci (ca. 1575–1647), composer
Andrea Miglionico (1662–1711), painter
Johnny Torrio (1882–1957), mobster
Tommaso Morlino (1925–1983), politician
Giuseppe Mascolo (1927–1974), composer
Angelo Ziccardi (1928–2019), politician
Angelo Raffaele Dinardo (1932–2015), politician
Giuseppe Rocco Favale (1935–2018), bishop
Twin towns
Sassuolo, Italy
Sant'Angelo del Pesco, Italy
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Dru Brown (born March 21, 1997) is an American gridiron football quarterback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL). They played college football at Oklahoma State and Hawaii.
College career
Brown did not start until their senior season of high school and did not receive any Division I offers. They attended the College of San Mateo in their first-year student year, playing in 11 games, and completed 104 of 194 passes for 1,870 yards and 21 touchdowns. They then transferred to Hawaii Rainbow Warriors for the 2016 season.
Hawaii
2016
After not playing in Hawaii's first three games, Brown entered the Rainbow Warriors fourth game against the Arizona Wildcats in the second half, replacing Ikaika Woolsey. Brown was able to direct the Rainbow Warriors to three touchdown drives in the second half, but they lost to Arizona 47–28. They were named the starting quarterback before the Rainbow Warriors match against Nevada Wolf Pack. Against the Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders in the 2016 Hawaii Bowl, they threw for 274 yards and four touchdowns while also accounting for a rushing touchdown en route to a 52–35 victory. They were also named one of the game's most valuable player for their efforts.
2017
Coming off of Hawaii's first bowl victory in ten years, Brown was once again named the starting quarterback for the 2017 season. They threw for 2,785 yards and 18 touchdowns that season on a struggling Rainbow Warriors team that lost nine of the last ten games, mostly attributed to a battered offensive line whose position coach left mid-way through the season, and top receiver John Ursua lost to a torn anterior cruciate ligament. After the 2017 season, they announced their intention to transfer, enrolled at Oklahoma State as a graduate transfer, and was immediately eligible to play. They finished their career at Hawaii with 5,273 career passing yards and 37 touchdowns.
Oklahoma State
2018
At Oklahoma State, Brown joined a crowded QB room competing for the Cowboys starting quarterback job following the departure of the four-year starter Mason Rudolph. Brown was named the primary back-up quarterback to the starter Taylor Cornelius before the start of 2018 season. Despite playing in the Cowboys' 2018 Liberty Bowl, Brown was able to redshirt under the NCAA's new redshirt policy and keep their final year of eligibility.
2019
Following Cornelius' graduation and departure, Brown was one of the favorites to win the starting quarterback job, competing for it with redshirt first-year student Spencer Sanders. Brown was once again named the primary back-up as Sanders was named the starting quarterback for the Cowboys' season opener against the Oregon State Beavers.
After Sanders suffered a hand injury in the middle of a game against the Kansas Jayhawks, Brown entered the game in relief and threw a touchdown pass on their first play. They finished the game with 3 completions on 5 attempts for 70 yards and a touchdown in the 31–6 victory. They started their first career game as a Cowboy against the West Virginia Mountaineers the following week, where they racked up 196 yards and two touchdowns in a 20–13 victory. For their performance against West Virginia, they were named the Big 12 Newcomer of the Week.
Professional career
Winnipeg Blue Bombers
Following their college career, Brown was added to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers roster on March 11, 2020. During the first game of the 2022 Winnipeg Blue Bombers season, Brown came in to the game late in the fourth quarter to complete a game-winning field goal drive. They entered the game after starting quarterback Zach Collaros was pulled from play by injury spotters after they took a hit to the head.
References
External links
Winnipeg Blue Bombers bio
Oklahoma State Cowboys bio
Hawaii Rainbow Warriors bio
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Palo Alto, California
American football quarterbacks
San Mateo Bulldogs football players
Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football players
University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa alumni
Oklahoma State Cowboys football players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
François-Joseph-Philoclès Regnier de La Brière called Regnier (1 April 1807, in Paris – 27 April 1885, in Paris) was a 19th-century French actor and playwright. The comedian Alcide Tousez was their uncle.
Biographie
After they studied by the Oratorians, they made their comedian debut at the Théâtre Montmartre in 1826 then toured the French provinces, particularly in Metz and Nantes. They were admitted at the Comédie-Française in 1831, became a sociétaire in 1835 then the dean in 1865 before retiring in 1871. In 1884, they also became a professor at the Paris Conservatory, where among their students were Réjane, Marguerite Durand, Jules-Théophile Boucher and Constant Coquelin.
Theatre
Career at the Comédie-Française
Admission in 1831
Appointed 255th sociétaire in 1835; became dean in 1865
Retirement in 1871
Anecdote
In a letter from 1876 Regnier says that the unusual first name of Philoclès comes from the French translation of Agathocle by Christoph Martin Wieland whose their godfather was a great admirer. The name of Charles was substituted at their baptism, but the destruction of civil registers during the Paris Commune allowed them to recover it at the time of the reconstitution of their birth certificate.
References
Bibliography
Georges d'Heylli, Regnier, sociétaire de la Comédie-Française, Librairie générale, 1872.
Henry Lyonnet, Dictionnaire des comédiens français, Revue universelle internationale illustrée, Genève, 1912.
Gustave Vapereau, Dictionnaire universel des contemporains, Paris, 1865.
External links
Regnier, sociétaire de la Comédie-Française on Gallica
Base documentaire La Grange on the site of the Comédie-Française
19th-century French male actors
French male stage actors
Sociétaires of the Comédie-Française
Male actors from Paris
1807 births
1885 deaths
Ngazibini Sigwili (born 12 June 1995) is a South African cricketer. They were part of South Africa's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They were included in the Eastern Province cricket team squad for the 2015 Africa T20 Cup.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
South African cricketers
Eastern Province cricketers
Warriors cricketers
People from Mthatha
Cricketers from the Eastern Cape
The Orono Bog is a bog that covers and is part of the Caribou Bog complex in Penobscot County, Maine. The bog is known for the Orono Bog Boardwalk, which is a long boardwalk open to public use. The bog is in both the city of Bangor and the town of Orono. The bog is also partially protected as part of both the Bangor City Forest and land owned by the University of Maine. Orono Bog became a National Natural Landmark in 1973.
References
Protected areas of Penobscot County, Maine
Protected areas affiliated with the University of Maine
National Natural Landmarks in Maine
Orono, Maine
Landforms of Penobscot County, Maine
Bogs of the United States
Wetlands of Maine
Claudia Martha Haro is an American actor. They were previously married to Joe Pesci (1988–1992) and to Garrett Warren (1998–2000). Them screen roles were all in films with ex-husband Joe Pesci: as the newscaster in Jimmy Hollywood (1994), Marty in With Honors (1994), Trudy in Casino (1995), and Julie in Gone Fishin' (1997), with the exception of as the New Line Cinema receptionist in Wes Craven's New Nightmare (1994).
Haro has a daughter with ex-husband Garrett Warren.
On May 20, 2000, Haro's ex-husband Garrett Warren, from whom they had recently filed for divorce, was shot four times in the chest, neck, left hip, and right eye by a gunman who arrived at the front door of their Westlake Village, California, apartment. Warren survived the attack, but lost their right eye. In December 2005, Haro was arrested on charges related to the crime. They ultimately pleaded no contest to two counts of attempted murder and a principal firearm charge for the attempted murder of Warren and in April 2012 was sentenced to 12 years 4 months in prison. They served their sentence at the California Institution for Women in Chino, California. They were released in August 2019.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Pennsylvania
American film actores
Criminals from California
American female criminals
21st-century American criminals
Olga Fateeva (Russian: Ольга Фатеева; born 4 May 1984) is a Russian volleyball player. They were a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship.
References
1984 births
Living people
Russian women's volleyball players
Volleyball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic volleyball players of Russia
People from Pavlohrad
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
Aleksandr Vasilevich Gridnev (; 4 April 1909 1995) was a Soviet military officer and flying ace who commanded the Women's 586th Fighter Aviation Regiment after the departure of its previous commander, Tamara Kazarinova.
Early life
Gridnev was born on 4 April 1909 to a Russian family in the village of Makimovka, located in what is now the Bogatovsky District. Orphaned at the age of twelve, they were sent to work at the Issyk-Kul mill in 1923. From 1926 until they entered the Red Army in 1928 they worked for the Komsomol. After briefly serving in the Special Far Eastern Army they entered the Moscow Industrial Pedagogical Institute in 1929, but soon returned to the military in 1931 and attended the Stalingrad Military Aviation School of Pilots, where they went on to serve as a flight instructor after graduation. Starting in 1939 they were posted as a deputy squadron commander in fighter aviation unit.
World War II
Appointed as commander of the 82nd Air Defense Fighter Aviation Regiment in January 1942, they entered active hostilities on the warfront in May later that year, equipped with the British Hawker Hurricane fighter. However, they did not hold the post for very long, since they were arrested by the NKVD for allegedly endangering the life of Lavrenty Beria; on 13 August 1942, Gridnev and their crew were assigned to flying an escort flight for Beria's Li-2 transport plane, but by the time they were scheduled to take off from Krasnovodsk, a severe dust storm ensued, clouding visibility conditions. Gridnev and their supporters insisted that going through with the escort flight as planned would have been suicidal for both parties due to the high risk of mid-air collision, and doing so was in direct violation of Stalin's order prohibiting flights in such conditions in the area after numerous previous accidents. Nevertheless, they were arrested by the NKVD, which claimed that they attempted to take off alone in the low visibility conditions to shoot down the Li-2 without witnesses to get revenge for Tukhachevsky. Eventually after prolonged interrogations with the use of force and the support of other aviators for defended the decision to not take off in the dust storm in accordance with Stalin's orders they were released in October, although few generals were willing to appoint them to a command role. However, they were able to become a regimental commander again, since the women's 586th Fighter Aviation Regiment was in need of a commander upon the departure of Tamara Kazarinova and they were posted to command of it on 27 October 1942. During the war they flew with the unit on missions, tallying five solo and four shared shootdowns in the course of 134 sorties, but it was not until April 1943 that they gained their first shootdown (a Ju 88). They went on to gain several more aerial victories on the Yak-1 switching to the Yak-9.
Postwar
Shortly after the end of the war they transferred to the 39th Guards Fighter Aviation Regiment in November, but was forced to retire from the military in August 1946 for health reasons. From 1950 to 1952 they served on the Budennovsk city council, and in 1956 they graduated from the Stalingrad Agricultural Institute, where they went on to work as a teacher. After founding the Volgograd School of Young Cosmonauts in 1965 they headed the institution for over 20 years, supervising the graduation of over 1500 students, many of whom went on to hold careers in the military and aviation. As a hobby did photography and filmmaking, producing several amateur films that won awards. They died in Volgograd in 1995.
Awards
Two Order of the Red Banner
Order of the Patriotic War 1st class
Order of the Red Star
campaign and jubilee medals
References
1909 births
1995 deaths
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Soviet World War II flying aces
Soviet military personnel of World War II
McDonald is an unincorporated community in Bradley County, Tennessee, United States. McDonald is located along U.S. Route 11 and U.S. Route 64 west-southwest of Cleveland. McDonald has a post office with ZIP code 37353.
History
The McDonald community was established circa 1850. The origin of its name is unclear; the community may have been named for a Scottish trader, a railroad builder, or the mother of a resident. In 1887, Goodspeed's History of Tennessee described McDonald's Station as a "small village on the East Tennessee, Virginia & Georgia Railroad." Many mineral springs are located in the McDonald area, and the community had many popular resorts from the 1880s to the 1930s.
Horses
The Tri-State Exhibition Center, an arena for horse shows and other large events, is located in McDonald. The arena opened in 2001 and underwent a major expansion in 2003; the expansion was expected to be an economic boon for the area.
The Johnston family, of Coca-Cola Enterprises, has owned the 4,000-acre Bendabout Farm in McDonald since the 1830s. It has a polo ground maintained throughout the year. It is home to the Bendabout Polo Club, formerly known as the Chattanooga Polo Club, founded by Summerfield Johnston, Jr. in the 1950s. They hold the Bendabout Farm polo match once a year.
School
Bachman Academy, a school for children with learning disabilities, was located in McDonald. The school opened in 1912 and served as a home for orphaned children until 1989. The school closed in 2017.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Bradley County, Tennessee and Hamilton County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Muhammad ibn Abdawayh ibn Jabalah al-Anbari () was a ninth-century official for the Abbasid Caliphate. During their lifetime they served as the governor of Barqah and Hims.
Career
Muhammad was the son of Abdawayh ibn Jabalah, a military officer and governor of Egypt during the caliphate of al-Ma'mun (r. 813–833). They themselves embarked on a similar career, and early in the reign of al-Wathiq (r. 842–847) they are mentioned as serving as governor of Barqah in North Africa. During their administration of that province they were faced with an uprising by a group of Berbers and tribal Arabs, which remained unsubdued until al-Wathiq dispatched the army commander Raja ibn Ayyub al-Hidari to pacify the region.
In 854 Muhammad was appointed as governor of Hims after the previous head official Abu al-Mughith Musa ibn Ibrahim was forced out by the inhabitants. In the following year they were faced with a large uprising by the city's inhabitants, which they however defeated with the help of reinforcements from Damascus and Ramla. As a consequence of the revolt they were ordered by the caliph al-Mutawakkil to undertake a number of punitive measures against the city residents, including the execution of a number of local leaders and the expulsion of the entire Christian population from Hims. Al-Mutawakkil subsequently awarded them with 50,000 dirhams, as well as gifts and robes of honor, for their conduct during the event.
Notes
References
9th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
Governors of the Abbasid Caliphate
Syria under the Abbasid Caliphate
The Grace Church in Clarkesville, Georgia, also known as Grace-Calvary Episcopal Church, was built in 1839. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It was designed and built in Greek Revival style by local master builder Jarvis Van Buren. It has mortise and tenon framing.
While it was separately listed on the National Register in 1980, it is also included as a contributing building in the National Register-listed Washington-Jefferson Street Historic District.
References
Episcopal church buildings in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Habersham County, Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Churches completed in 1839
Hasely Thorne Holder (born April 4, 1986 in Port of Spain) is a Trinidadian footballer.
Career
College and amateur
Holder began their career in Trinidad and Tobago with Queen's Royal College Intercol. While with QRC they helped them win the North Zone Intercol title in 2003. In 2004, they joined San Juan Jabloteh and played with their Under-20 side and was recognized as the league's top keeper.
In 2007, they left the Island to play college soccer for the University of Maryland. Holder remained at Maryland for one season before transferring to Adelphi University in 2008. While with Adelphi Holder appeared in 47 matches and recorded 19 shutouts. Holder also played for USL Premier Development League club Long Island Rough Riders during both their 2008 and 2009 seasons.
Professional
During the 2011 Major League Soccer preseason Holder went on trial with Philadelphia Union. They made a favorable impression and on March 1, 2011 was signed by the club. During the season they were released, signed by F.C. New York of the third division USL Pro league, and then re-signed by Philadelphia. On November 23, 2011, Holder was waived by Philadelphia.
References
External links
Maryland player profile
Adelphi player profile
1986 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago footballers
Maryland Terrapins men's soccer players
Adelphi Panthers men's soccer players
Long Island Rough Riders players
Philadelphia Union players
F.C. New York players
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Alumni of Queen's Royal College, Trinidad
Association football goalkeepers
"100,000 People" is a song by American rock band Kings of Leon. It was released as a digital download and for streaming on January 7, 2021, by RCA Records as the second single from their eighth studio album When You See Yourself.
Background
The band teased the song on their Instagram account in January 2021. The song was written by the band and produced by Markus Dravs.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Markus Dravs – production
Caleb Followill – songwriting
Jared Followill – songwriting
Matthew Followill – songwriting
Nathan Followill – songwriting
Sean Badum – engineering assistance
Iain Berryman – engineering
Ted Jensen – mastering
Spike Stent – mix engineering
Charts
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Kings of Leon songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Nathan Followill
Songs written by Caleb Followill
Songs written by Jared Followill
Songs written by Matthew Followill
89.5 Lamrag Radio (DYAW 89.5 MHz) is an FM station owned and operated by Aliw Broadcasting Corporation. Its studios and transmitter are located along San Francisco St. cor. Texas St., V&G Subd., Tacloban.
References
External links
Lamrag Radio FB Page
Lamrag Radio Live Streaming
Radio stations in Tacloban
Radio stations established in 2019
During the 1924–25 English football season, Brentford competed in the Football League Third Division South. After finishing in 21st place, the club successfully applied for re-election. The 41 goals scored during the season is the fewest in club history.
Season summary
Brentford manager Archie Mitchell conducted an overhaul of their half back and forward lines during the 1924 off-season, releasing James Kerr, Freddy Capper, Bobby Hughes, Sidney Mulford and Henry Parkinson and signing 12 new players, which included new forward Jack Allen to partner Reginald Parker in attack. Aside from a three-match winning streak in September, which lifted the club as high as 9th, 10 defeats in the following 12 games saw Mitchell step down as manager after a 5–3 defeat to Isthmian League club St Albans City in the FA Cup fifth qualifying round on 29 November 1924. They were replaced by Fred Halliday, who stepped up from an administrative role to take over as Brentford manager for the third time.
At the time of Halliday's first match in charge, Brentford had been rooted to the bottom of the Third Division South for nearly a month. Halliday fared little better than their predecessor, despite a 10-match spell from mid-December to early February which saw the Bees lose just three times. Mid-season signings Jimmy McCree, Bert Young and new captain Alex Graham failed to strengthen the team, though four goals in 9 late-season appearances from new acquisition Jack Lane at least inspired the team to score 12 goals in the matches in which they played.
Brentford finished the 1924–25 season in 21st place and successfully applied for re-election to the Football League. Though statistically it was not Brentford's worst season, many Football League club records were set or equalled during the campaign, including the fewest away victories (1), the fewest victories (9), the fewest draws (0), consecutive home draws (4), most away defeats (20), most defeats (26), the fewest away goals scored (10), the fewest goals scored (38) and most away goals conceded (65). A 7–0 defeat to Swansea Town on 8 November 1924 is Brentford's joint-worst league defeat and together with a 7–1 defeat to Plymouth Argyle on 6 September 1924, is a joint-club record for most goals conceded in an away league loss.
League table
Results
Brentford's goal tally listed first.
Legend
Football League Third Division South
FA Cup
Sources: Statto, 100 Years of Brentford, The Complete History
Playing squad
Players' ages are as of the opening day of the 1924–25 season.
Sources: 100 Years of Brentford, Timeless Bees, Football League Players' Records 1888 to 1939
Coaching staff
Archie Mitchell (30 August–2 December 1924)
Fred Halliday (3 December 1924 – 2 May 1925)
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Source: 100 Years of Brentford
Goalscorers
Source: 100 Years of Brentford
Management
Summary
Transfers & loans
Cricketers are not included in this list.
References
Brentford F.C. seasons
Brentford
Alfred Henry Tipper (12 July 18672 April 1944), also known by the pseudonyms Professor Tipper and H.D. (reported to be an initialism for Henry Dearing or Harold Deering), was an Australian showman, competitive and endurance cyclist, and outsider artist. Their combined interests in mechanics, fitness and entertainment led to a long career as a trick cyclist and builder of miniature bicycles. Following their death, Tipper's artistic abilities were recognised by the Australian painter Albert Tucker, who promoted Tipper's paintings in the modernist art and literary magazine Angry Penguins.
Life
Tipper was born on 12 July 1867 in the regional Victorian city of Sale to Thomas Tipper and their Irish-born wife Catherine. When they were two years old, Tipper was abandoned by their parents and raised as a ward of the state. In 1874, the Maitland Mercury reported Tipper as living in the harbourside Sydney suburb of Woolloomooloo; the young boy received attention in the press after discovering the body of a dead infant in a Belmore park. Later, they found employment at a dairy farm and developed considerable knowledge of mechanics, and in the 1880s took to the new sport of competitive cycling.
In 1896, Tipper rode on a penny-farthing from Sydney to Melbourne (roughly 900 km), carrying with them a 32 kg swag. This inspired them to ride around the world, and over the next six years Tipper took their "singing and comedy cycling act" to crowds across Britain and the United States. One routine involved them riding a custom-built 13 cm-high bicycle while singing the folk song "From the Highlands and the Lowlands". By the 1930s, Tipper was part-owner of a bicycle repair shop in Richmond, Melbourne, and toured Australia regularly with their large collection of bikes. Known by their nickname "Professor Tipper", they sported a long white beard and advocated for a "rational" dress sense of thin shirts and knickerbockers. They also attempted to build a pedal-powered aeroplane. Tipper lived their final years in squalor on a vacant allotment opposite Brunswick Town Hall, where they erected a makeshift shelter from the body of an old motorcar. Despite these hardships, their passion for cycling and "unique capacity for self-advertising" remained undimmed. They died on 2 April 1944 at Royal Melbourne Hospital and was buried in Fawkner Cemetery.
Art
Tipper produced several postcards and oil paintings documenting their cycling achievements. After they died, five of their paintings were salvaged and displayed in the window of a bicycle shop on Swanston Street. They were spotted by the young Melbourne modernist painter Albert Tucker, who greatly admired the works' naïve boldness, painterly qualities, and unique treatment of the Australian countryside. Tucker acquired one of the large unframed canvases (signed "H.D.") and pinned it up in their East Melbourne terrace house. In the December 1944 issue of Angry Penguins, Tucker wrote that H.D.'s paintings bore "the unmistakable mark of the natural artist ... a startling sense of life expressed through an unfaltering sense of form, pattern, texture and colour, with the anecdotal eye of the traditional "primitive"". Tucker, a self-taught artist (like other Angry Penguins members such as Sidney Nolan and John Perceval), saw H.D. as an example of an artist who hadn't the "disadvantage of training in some socially endorsed art style".
Only after the publication of H.D.'s work in Angry Penguins and inclusion in group exhibitions run by the Contemporary Art Society was the artist's true identity discovered. Tipper's paintings are now held in major galleries including the National Gallery of Australia and Heide Museum of Modern Art, and their art formed part of the 2005 touring exhibition Raw and Compelling: Australian Naïve Art.
See also
Ern Malley
References
Further reading
Haese, Richard. Rebels and Precursors. Melbourne: Penguin Books, 1981. .
Copping it Sweet: Shared History of Richmond. Melbourne: City of Richmond, 1988. .
1867 births
1944 deaths
Outsider artists
Artists from Melbourne
Naïve painters
Australian male cyclists
Cycle designers
People from Sale, Victoria
Senator McCoy may refer to:
Beau McCoy (born 1980), Nebraska State Senate
John McCoy (American politician) (born 1943), Washington State Senate
Matt McCoy (politician) (born 1966), Iowa State Senate
Scott McCoy (born 1970), Utah State Senate
William McCoy (Oregon politician) (1921–1996), Oregon State Senate
The North Eastern League was an association football league for teams in the North East of England.
The league was founded in 1906 and was initially successful, with teams defecting from the rival Northern Football Alliance to play. Although some members (such as Darlington) transferred to join the Football League Third Division North in 1921, the North Eastern League absorbed the Northern Alliance in 1925–26 and split into two divisions. The league spent nine years like this, returning to one division in 1935; clubs from the second division re-forming the Northern Football Alliance, which became a feeder to it.
As years progressed, numbers dwindled and the league initially folded in 1958 after the withdrawal of Football League clubs' reserve sides. The remaining members initially transferred to the Midland Football League before founding the Northern Counties League in 1960. The Northern Counties League was renamed the North Eastern League in 1962–63 but folded for a second time in 1964.
Champions
The champions of the league were as follows:
1906–07 : Newcastle United Reserves
1907–08 : Newcastle United Reserves
1908–09 : Newcastle United Reserves
1909–10 : Spennymoor United
1910–11 : Newcastle United Reserves
1911–12 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1912–13 : Darlington
1913–14 : South Shields
1914–15 : South Shields
1915–19 : Not contested due to the First World War
1919–20 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1920–21 : Darlington
1921–22 : Carlisle United
1922–23 : Newcastle United Reserves
1923–24 : South Shields Reserves
1924–25 : Sunderland Reserves
1925–26 : Newcastle United Reserves
1926–27 : Sunderland Reserves
1927–28 : Sunderland Reserves
1928–29 : Sunderland Reserves
1929–30 : Sunderland Reserves
1930–31 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1931–32 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1932–33 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1933–34 : Sunderland Reserves
1934–35 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1935–36 : Blyth Spartans
1936–37 : Sunderland Reserves
1937–38 : Horden Colliery Welfare
1938–39 : South Shields
1939–46 : Not contested due to the Second World War
1945–46 : Spennymoor United
1946–47 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1947–48 : Sunderland Reserves
1948–49 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1949–50 : North Shields
1950–51 : Stockton
1951–52 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1952–53 : Sunderland Reserves
1953–54 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1954–55 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1955–56 : Middlesbrough Reserves
1956–57 : Spennymoor United
1957–58 : South Shields
1960–61 : North Shields (NCL)
1961–62 : Consett (NCL)
1962–63 : Scarborough
1963–64 : Horden Colliery Welfare
Member clubs
During the league's existence, 82 clubs and reserve teams played in the league.
Annfield Plain
Ashington
Ashington Reserves
Bedlington United
Birtley
Blackhall Colliery Welfare
Blyth Spartans
Bradford City 'A'
Bradford City Reserves
Bradford Park Avenue Reserves
Carlisle United
Carlisle United Reserves
Chester-le-Street Town
Chilton Colliery Athletic
Chopwell Institute
Consett
Craghead United
Crawcrook Albion
Crook Town
Darlington
Darlington Reserves
Dipton United
Durham City
Durham City Reserves
Eden Colliery Welfare
Eppleton Colliery Welfare
Felling Colliery
Gateshead
Gateshead Reserves
Gateshead Town
Hartlepools United
Hartlepools United Reserves
Hebburn Argyle
Hexham Town
High Fell
Horden Colliery Welfare
Houghton Rovers
Huddersfield Town
Jarrow
Leadgate Park
Leeds City 'A'
Leeds City Reserves
Mickley
Middlesbrough Reserves
Murton Colliery Welfare
Newbiggin West End
Newburn
Newcastle City
Newcastle East End
Newcastle United Reserves
North Shields
Ouston Rovers
Pegswood United
Penrith
Preston Stanley
Redcar Albion
Scarborough
Scotswood
Seaham Harbour
Seaham White Star
Seaton Delaval
Shildon
South Shields
Spen Black & White
Spennymoor United
St Peters Albion
Stakeford Albion
Stockton
Sunderland Reserves
Sunderland Rovers
Throckley Welfare
Usworth Colliery
Walker Celtic
Wallsend
Washington Colliery
West Stanley
West Wylam Colliery Welfare
White-le-Head Rangers
Whitley Bay Athletic
Wingate Albion
Workington
Workington Reserves
References
1908 establishments in England
1964 disestablishments in England
Defunct football leagues in England
Reserve football leagues in England
On 17 December 1960, a Convair C-131D Samaritan operated by the United States Air Force on a flight from Munich to RAF Northolt crashed shortly after take-off from Munich-Riem Airport, due to fuel contamination. All 20 passengers and crew on board as well as 32 people on the ground were killed.
Accident
On 17 December 1960, the Samaritan was due to fly from Munich-Riem airport in Germany to RAF Northolt in the United Kingdom with 13 passengers and 7 crew. Shortly after takeoff, the aircraft lost power to one of its two Pratt & Whitney R-2800 radial engines. Unable to maintain altitude and with bad visibility due to fog, it hit the steeple of St. Paul's Church next to the Oktoberfest site (then vacant) in the Ludwigsvorstadt borough. Subsequently, at 2:10 PM, it crashed into a crowded two-section Munich tramway car on Martin-Greif-Straße, close to Bayerstraße.
All 13 passengers and 7 crew members on the plane died. 32 people on the ground were killed and 20 were injured. A section of the wing crashed through the roof of a building at Hermann-Lingg-Straße, a block away from the main accident site, without injuring anybody there. The Free Lance-Star, a daily newspaper for Fredricksburg and its surrounding areas, reported that some passengers on the Convair were holiday-bound University of Maryland students who were dependants of military personnel stationed in England.
Aircraft
The accident aircraft, Convair C-131D-CO Samaritan, (c/n 212, company designation: Model 340-79), was a twin piston engined military transport with seating for 44 passengers. Given the military serial number 55-0291, the aircraft was the first United States Air Force C-131 to be based in Europe, at RAF Northolt, where it was under command of the 7500th Air Base Group, 3rd Air Force, U.S. Air Forces in Europe (USAFE).
Investigation
A crash investigation revealed water in the fuel tank booster pump. Because water is denser than fuel it can settle to the bottom of the tank, into the pump inlets; when it freezes it blocks inlets and deprives the engine of fuel. This deprivation of fuel caused the Munich C-131 to lose power and eventually shut down the engine.
Aftermath
After the accident, the Munich Fire & Rescue Services ordered new TLF 16 powder trucks to complement their fleet of traditional water tenders.
Munich had initiated the expansion plans for Munich-Riem Airport in 1954. However, two plane crashes within the Munich city limit in the space of two years, and the New York air disaster that happened a day before, stopped the expansion plans. The city and state governments decided to build a new airport outside the city limit instead. Similar discussions were held in Hamburg about its Fuhlsbüttel Airport, but the airport was expanded rather than relocated elsewhere, making the airport the oldest continuously operated in Germany to this day.
See also
1960 New York mid-air collision: two airliners collided on 16 December 1960
American Airlines Flight 6780: first fatal crash of a Convair 240 on 22 January 1952
British Airways Flight 38: suffered engine failure due to ice crystals in the fuel, clogging the fuel-oil heat exchanger just short of the runway at Heathrow Airport, London, UK on 17 January 2008
List of accidents and incidents involving military aircraft
Lynyrd Skynyrd 1977 CV-240 crash
1955 Altensteig mid-air collision
1959 Okinawa F-100 crash
1964 Machida F-8 crash
1977 Yokohama F-4 crash
1988 Remscheid A-10 crash
Cavalese cable car disaster (1998)
References
Other sources
Oberbayerisches Volksblatt / Rosenheimer Anzeiger (No. 293 – year 106), 19 December 1960 (German)
Neue Deutsche Wochenschau 569/1960 Summary of a TV report (German). Retrieved 23 January 2019.
Great Disasters by Editor John Canning, published by Octopus in 1976.
Erinnerungen an das Drama in München. Bavarian Broadcasting Corporation: text, video and pictures (German). Retrieved 23 January 2019.
Aviation accidents and incidents in Germany
History of Munich
Munich Convair 340 Crash, 1960
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1960
Accidents and incidents involving United States Air Force aircraft
1960s in Munich
Germany–United States relations
University System of Maryland
December 1960 events in Europe
Tram accidents
Accidents and incidents involving the Convair CV-240 family
Myrmēkion (, ) was an ancient Greek colony in the Crimea. The settlement was founded in the eastern part of the modern city Kerch, 4 km NE of ancient Panticapaeum on
the bank of the Kerch bay near the cape Karantinny. The settlement was founded by Ionians in the first half of the 6th c. BC.
In the 5th century BC, the town specialized in winemaking and minted its own coinage. It was surrounded by towered walls, measuring some 2.5 metres thick. Myrmekion fell into the hands of the Bosporan kings in the 4th century BC and gradually dwindled into insignificance in the shadow of their capital, Panticapaeum. Regular excavations began in 1934 undertaken by an expedition led by V.F. Gaidukevich. The site was excavated by Polish archaeologists, led by Kazimierz Michałowski, in the 1950s. Between 1982 and 1994 an expedition led by Yu.A. Vinogradov was working at the site. In 1999 an archaeological expedition of the State Hermitage Museum began work at the site.
See also
List of ancient Greek cities
References
External links
The official website of the Hermitage Museum archaeological expedition in Myrmekion
Myrmekion
Greek colonies in Crimea
Former populated places in Eastern Europe
Kerch
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Crimea
Project Iron Boomerang is a proposal, originated in 2006, to build a multi-user rail corridor spanning northern Australia and to facilitate placement of five steel-making plants at each end, owned and operated by steel mill companies. A key element of its projected feasibility was the elimination of inefficient, unproductive and environmentally damaging empty return train-loads. The termini of the railway line were projected to be Newman, Western Australia and Abbot Point, Queensland, about 3000 km (1860 mi) apart.
The proponent is a private company, East West Line Parks Pty Ltd. , Shane Condon was stated as being the founder and managing director.
An Australian Broadcastion Corporation report in 2011 stated that acquisition of land had begun. It also reported a Western Australian resources expert as saying the plan was extremely unlikely to succeed because Australia's "high wage, high dollar environment" made the cost of producing steel too high to develop a new project, and in the environment at that time it was hard to find a business case.
In 2019, the company reported to a mining and metallurgy conference that pre-feasibility and project design phases had been completed; the initial aim of the next stage was to obtain commitment of engagement from at least three global steel companies before completing an environmental impact statement and obtaining government approvals. The company's schedule anticipated that design and construction of the railway would be completed, and steel production would commence, in 2025.
In 2020, a news article outlined the project's potential economic feasibility and national benefits.
In February 2022, a plan for an optical fibre cable system along the route of the railway, to be laid when the project started, was reported. At the same time, the company's website stated that the three-year bankable approval stage would be reached by 2018 and the 3-year commissioning and construction stage would be complete by 2022. , however, no announcement had been made by the company to indicate that either event has occurred.
References
Proposed railway lines in Australia
Rail transport in Queensland
Rail transport in Western Australia
Rail transport in the Northern Territory
Khasi may refer to:
Khasi people, an ethnic group of Meghalaya, India
Khasi language, a major Austroasiatic language spoken in Meghalaya, India
Khāṣi language, an Indo-Aryan language of Jammu and Kashmir, India
See also
Khasi Hills
Ghazi (disambiguation)
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Iyive, also referred to as Uive, Yiive, Ndir, Asumbos, is a severely endangered Bantoid language spoken in Nigeria and Cameroon. The ethnic group defined by use of this language is the Ndir.
General information
Iyive is an indigenous Tivoid language of the Cameroons close to Tiv proper. It is spoken in the Southwest Region in the Manyu division, northeast of Akwaya town on the Nigeria border, Yive village. Although they live in Cameroon, the majority of Iyive's linguistic population has been forced to relocate to Nigeria due to conflict.
Official status
Iyive is severely endangered and has been classified as moribund as the language is only spoken by the older generation of Ndir and not passed down to younger generations. Iyive is not supported by any government bodies or institutions.
Writing system
Iyive is written using Latin script.
See also
Endangered language
Tivoid languages
Cameroons
Language death
Nigeria
References
External links
Blench, R. M. ‘'Language: Iyive'', ‘'Glottolog'', 2010
‘'Iyive'', The Endangered language Project''
Articles in class projects/Rutgers
Languages of Cameroon
Languages of Nigeria
Tivoid languages
Endangered Niger–Congo languages
Endangered languages of Africa
Alphonso Taylor (born September 7, 1969 in Trenton, New Jersey) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League. They played for the Denver Broncos during the 1993 season. They played in three games but started none.
References
1969 births
Living people
Trenton Central High School alumni
Players of American football from Trenton, New Jersey
American football defensive tackles
Temple Owls football players
Denver Broncos players
Patrick James O'Flynn (born 29 August 1965) is an English journalist and Social Democratic Party (SDP) politician who served as Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the East of England from 2014 to 2019. They were elected for the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but defected to the SDP in November 2018. Since 2019 they have written frequently for The Spectator.
Early life and journalism
O'Flynn read economics at King's College, Cambridge, graduating in 1987. They subsequently received a diploma in journalism from City, University of London. They then worked as chief political commentator and then political editor at the Daily Express.
Political career
O'Flynn was the UK Independence Party spokesperson on the economy until 19 May 2015.
They were the UKIP candidate in Cambridge at the general election in 2015 and came fifth, with 5.2 per cent of the vote. Afterwards they described UKIP leader Nigel Farage as "snarling, thin-skinned and aggressive".
O'Flynn was the running-mate for Lisa Duffy in the September 2016 UK Independence Party leadership election. They left the UKIP frontbench in July 2017, believing that the party no longer supported their centrist economic policies. They joined the SDP in November 2018. They cited UKIP leader Gerard Batten's appointment of Tommy Robinson (Stephen Yaxley-Lennon) as an adviser as a key reason for their departure from the party. They said of their decision to join the SDP: "like many on the communitarian wing of [UKIP], I have decided to join the resurgent SDP, which campaigned for Brexit during the referendum and espouses broad and moderate pro-nation state political values that I – and I believe many of our voters from 2014 – will be delighted to endorse." In defecting, O'Flynn became the first MEP to sit in the European Parliament for the SDP (though in 1984 Michael Gallagher MEP had joined the original SDP).
O'Flynn stood as the SDP candidate in the 2019 Peterborough by-election, but received only 135 votes (0.4 per cent), and lost to Lisa Forbes. O'Flynn narrowly avoided a repeat of the 1990 Bootle by-election result by beating the Monster Raving Loony Party candidate, who polled 112.
In April 2021 O'Flynn started the Snap, a podcast with Michael Heaver.
References
1965 births
Alumni of City, University of London
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Daily Express people
English people of Irish descent
Living people
MEPs for England 2014–2019
People from Cambridge
Social Democratic Party (UK, 1990–present) MEPs
UK Independence Party MEPs
UK Independence Party parliamentary candidates
Sir Reginald Charles Wright (10 July 190510 March 1990) was an Australian barrister and politician. They were a member of the Liberal Party and served as a Senator for Tasmania from 1950 to 1978. They held ministerial office in the Gorton and McMahon Governments, although they were known for crossing the floor.
Early life
Wright was born in Central Castra, Tasmania in 1905. They were educated at Devonport High School and the University of Tasmania, where they earned a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Laws.
Career
Wright was admitted to the bar in 1928 and lectured in law at the University of Tasmania. In 1941, they enlisted in the second Australian Imperial Force and was promoted to captain in 1943.
Wright was elected as a Liberal member for the Tasmanian House of Assembly seat of Franklin in November 1946 and was the first State president of the Liberal Party in Tasmania. In November 1949, they resigned to enter federal politics. They were elected to the Senate at the 1949 election, taking their seat in February 1950. They were appointed to the ministry in February 1968 in the John Gorton government as Minister for Works and Minister in charge of Tourist Activities. They held these positions in the McMahon government, which was defeated at the 1972 election.
Wright holds the record in the Australian Parliament for "crossing the floor" to vote against their own party, which they did 150 times. They did not contest the 1977 election. They were knighted on 3 June 1978, for their services to the Tasmanian Parliament. They left the Liberal Party in June 1978 and sat as an independent until their retirement on 30 June.
Later life
An accomplished barrister and orator, Wright returned to practising law on retiring from the Senate in 1978. In retirement they returned to a farm near the farmhouse in Castra where they had been born and died there; they were accorded a State Funeral in Ulverstone, Tasmania.
Their younger brother, Emeritus Professor Sir Roy Wright ("Pansy") AK was Chancellor of the University of Melbourne. They predeceased Reg by only ten days. Their older brother, John Forsyth Wright was a Member of the House of Assembly in the Parliament of Tasmania. Two of Sir Reginald's sons achieved distinction in the law. Their youngest son, Philip Wright (1945-2021) was a magistrate in Hobart, while eldest son the Hon Christopher Reginald Wright AO is a Queen's Counsel, former Solicitor-General of Tasmania, former judge of the Supreme Court of Tasmania, former deputy president of the Administrative Appeals Tribunal and former head of Tasmania's Police Review Board.
References
1905 births
1990 deaths
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian Senate for Tasmania
Members of the Australian Senate
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly
Australian barristers
Australian solicitors
Australian Knights Bachelor
Australian politicians awarded knighthoods
University of Tasmania alumni
Independent members of the Parliament of Australia
20th-century Australian politicians
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian Army officers
The Gobbler's Knob Fire Lookout is a fire lookout tower in the extreme western region of Mount Rainier National Park at an elevation of . One of four fire lookouts remaining in the park, the lookout is used for visitor services during summer weekends. The building is about by , and was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and designs under the supervision of Acting Chief Architect Edwin A. Nickel. It was built in 1933. The two-story structure features a balconied lookout on the second level, with storage on the ground level. Cables secured to deadmen keep the lookout from blowing over. The lookout was extensively damaged in a 2006 storm, along with Mount Fremont Fire Lookout. They've since been repaired.
The lookout was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
References
External links
Gobbler's Knob Lookout at National Geographic Traveler
Government buildings completed in 1933
Towers completed in 1933
Buildings and structures in Pierce County, Washington
Buildings and structures in Mount Rainier National Park
Fire lookout towers on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
1933 establishments in Washington (state)
Henry Goddard (1813 – 1899) was an English architect who was a member of a family of architects who worked in Leicester. They moved to Lincoln and was later in partnership with their son Francis Henry Goddard.
Career
In 1838 they came to Lincoln and formed a partnership with William Adams Nicholson. In 1846 they established their own practice in Lincoln and in 1849 they were awarded a prize by the Agricultural Society for their essay on the Construction of Labourer's Cottages In 1856 was working from 181 High Street. They became architect to the Great Northern Railway Company and surveyor to Trinity College, Cambridge. Goddard also had an office in Boston in 1859. From 1860 to 1864 their senior assistant was William Watkins, who was to set up their own architectural practice in Lincoln. In 1871 the Nottingham architect Albert Nelson Bromley was working in Goddard's office. Goddard was in partnership with their son, sometime after 1872. Their practice was at City Chambers in Gibbeson House, 182 Lincoln High Street, Goddard was already working there before 1856, and where the practice remained until at least 1896. The Lincoln architect John Henry Cooper worked the Goddards' offices and set up their own practice in Lincoln after about 1888. Henry Goddard lived at John of Gaunt's House, 116 High Street where they died on 8 March 1899. The net value of their estate was £10,378.
Family
Goddard was the son of Cornelius Goddard of Leicester and nephew of Henry Goddard (architect 1792–1868) and cousin of Joseph Goddard (architect 1840–1900), both of whom worked in Leicester. They married Eleanor Ann, the fourth daughter of Mr George Baker of Nottingham at St Mary's Church Nottingham in December 1838.
Henry Goddard's son Francis Henry appears to have retired from the practice at about the time of their father's death. They lived at Eastfield, Lincoln. They died from a heart attack on 26 June 1907 after motoring back from Retford.
Care should be taken not to confuse the work of Henry Goddard and Goddard and Co. of Leicester with that of Henry Goddard and Goddard and Son of Lincoln. For work of the Leicester architects see The Goddard Trail
The Leicester branch of the Goddard practice survives to-day as Goddard Manton Architects, operating from Camden Town in London.
Works
Initially Goddard appears to have specialised in Church building and Rectories and Vicarages and was a surveyor for the Diocese of Lincoln. They probably followed Edward James Willson as the Surveyor to the Lincolnshire County Committee and, following the Militia Act of 1852, was commissioned in 1857 to build the Old Barracks in Lincoln for the North Lincoln Militia. It has also been suggested that they may have been responsible for the Old Barracks in Sandon Road in Grantham for the South Lincolnshire Militia.
Work for the Great Northern Railway
By 1848 Henry Goddard was appointed architect to the Great Northern Railway. This was after King's Cross had been built by Lewis Cubitt and branch lines from Lincoln to Boston, Gainsborough, Peterborough and Grimsby had been completed. They were responsible for all the new main line stations between King's Cross and Doncaster. The new main line ran through Peterborough, Newark and Retford and was fully operational by 1852. They were also the architect for Boston railway station which opened 1850. Many of Goddard's stations on the branch lines had tall towers, often placed centrally, as at Spalding. Apart from the railway stations, Goddard was also the architect for the Great Northern Hotels at Peterborough and at Lincoln.
Architect to the Lincolnshire Constabulary
The Lincolnshire Constabulary was formed in 1856 under the County and Borough Police Act 1856. Goddard was the first architect to the Constabulary and the first buildings to be constructed were in the south of the County at Spalding, Holbeach and Long Sutton in 1857. with further Police Stations at Donington in 1858, Sutterton in 1859 and Crowland in 1865.
The new County Headquarters building of 1859, by Goddard, was at 382 High Street, Lincoln. This is now divided into three shops. It was built in brick with stone dressing and a central Venetian window with a central curved pediment, supported by ornamental consoles.
Public and Commercial Buildings
Great Northern Hotel, Peterborough.
Great Northern Hotel and Great Northern Vaults, 177 High Street (west side), Lincoln 1847 but formerly ‘' The Black Boy''. By Henry Goddard. Behind, facing the railway was a 13 bay range Pevsner claimed that it was possibly incorporating parts of an earlier building, but record photographs of the demolition show this was not the case. Demolished c.1959.
Great Northern Vaults, High Street, Lincoln. On the opposite side of the street to the Great Northern Hotel, also by Goddard. This was presumably a wine and spirits storage deport with an Italianate tower with a large entrance arch and two wings facing onto the High Street, just too the south of the existing railway crossing. All demolished apart from a portion of the southern wing which still fronts onto the High Street
Market Rasen, Corn Exchange. 1854. Stone faced Italianate facade.
The Corn Exchange, The Market Place, Alford, Lincolnshire, 1856. Italianate Venetian derived style
The Old Barracks in Lincoln (now occupied by the Lincolnshire Life Museum), 1857.
The Mechanic's Institute, Carlton le Willows, Gedling, Nottinghamshire. Memorial Hall for the late Earl of Chesterfield. The foundation stone of Institute was laid by their brother-in-law, the Earl of Carnavon on 16 September 1872, and the architects were Goddard and Son, Lincoln.
Houses
Lincoln Hartshome Hall, was built in 1862 for the industrialist Joseph Shuttleworth. The grounds were laid out by the landscape architect Edward Milner and included a lake, imported and native trees and shrubs, yew trees forming the Ladies' Walk, a yew circle, a small crescent-shaped pond and a ha-ha. Surviving buildings and structures include the boathouse (built in 1881 and bearing the Shuttleworth Crescent), stables, a lodge along the track leading to Doddington Road, balustrades and steps, and a number of monuments including the obelisk on the north side of the lake. Hartsholme Hall itself was demolished in 1951 after being purchased by Lincoln City.
Monks' Manor, Lincoln. Goddard would appear to have designed this house for Joseph Ruston in the 1860s and added a picture gallery in 1883. The house stood in approximately 25 acres between Greetwell Road and Wragby Road. It was in an Italianate style with a tower. The house demolished in 1933.
Somerby Rectory, Lincolnshire. (1865)
Owston Ferry, Lincolnshire. Old Vicarage, 1866.
Sturton by Stow. Additions to the Rectory. 1866
Scawby. Alterations to Old Vicarage, 1868.
School
National School, Bassingham, Lincolnshire. Later Board School and now primary school.(1855) The Lincolnshire Chronicle reports:The National schools here have just been completed from the design, and under the direction of Mr. H. Goddard, architect, of Lincoln. The buildings are conveniently situated opposite to the church, and their plan resemble the letter H, one wing forming the boys' school, and the other the master's residence, with the girls' school in the centre, the offices being detached and in the rear. The walls are of red brick-work, with arched and splayed openings for the window frames, and the gables of the roof, which are of a high pitch and covered with slate, are ornamented with carved verge boards, that of the boys' school having also stone ribbon, bearing the name and date of erection. The cost of construction was about £650.
Church Restoration
Saxilby. Former St Andrew's church, 1879
Hemswell church. Rebuilt 1857–65.
Lincoln. St Botolph's Church. Rebuilt nave in 1861.
Cemetery
Lincoln Cemetery, Canwick road. Laid out by Goddard 1856.
H and F H Goddard
In partnership after 1867.
Work by the Goddards for the Lincoln Industrialists
The rapid growth of Lincoln in the mid to late 19th century provided considerable opportunities for undertaking architectural work for wealthy factory owners who were involved in the engineering and metalworking industries. This work involved the design and layout of factories, the provision of housing, the laying out of new streets and the construction of the villas and residences of the factory owners. The Goddards seem to have developed a close relationship with Joseph Ruston who was the managing director of Ruston, Proctor and Company. The Goddards were are likely to be the architects of their house, Monk's Manor on Greetwell Road in Linoln. They also provided new offices for Ruston Proctor on their Stamp End Sheaf Works Joseph Ruston also financed the building of the Drill Hall in Broadgate for which Goddards were the architects.
The Goddards also undertook extensive design work for Clayton & Shuttleworth who occupied the adjacent site to Ruston Proctor at Stamp End. A print of 1865 of their ironworks would suggest that they had been closely involved in the layout of the factory. An Italianate tower in the central foreground appears to be a hallmark of their work and is seen again on the Great Northern Hotel depot building and on Ruston's Monk's Manor. They were to add further offices to this complex in 1878. The Goddards also designed Hartsholme Park for Joseph Shuttleworth.
Another factory complex that was laid out by the Goddards was the new Wellington Foundry on the Derby Farm in New Boultham in 1883.
Public Buildings
Lincoln, The Drill Hall, Broadgate. 1890. The architect was Major F. H. Goddard of Goddard and Co. It was built at the cost of £10,000 which was funded by Joseph Ruston. It was created as a result of the 1863 Volunteer Act and was to provide drilling facilities for the 1st Lincolnshire Volunteer Battalion.
St John's Hospital, London Road, Bracebridge Lincolnshire. County Asylum, now converted into housing. Built between 1849 and 1852. Addition in 1880-82 of two wings to the original building by F.H. Goddard of Lincoln-the builder was W. Pattison.. This brought the capacity of the hospital to 680. Goddard was also the architect for further additions built in 1897.
Bank
Barclay's Bank, High Street. Lincoln. 1873. Stone of three storeys with a parapet and ornate cornicing. The ground floor with a Romanesque revival doorway and two windows in Romanesque style. On the corner of High Street with Cornhill. Demolished in 1973 or earlier and replaced with present building by Bright of Clarke Hall, Scorer and Bright
Schools
St Swithin's School, Croft Street, Lincoln.
Brigg Grammar School extension 1878.
Rectories and Vicarages
St Swithins Parsonage 15 Lindum Terrace, Lincoln. 1871. Red brick with black bandind running round the building at second storey level and contrasting red and black bricks used for window voussoirs. Iron cresting to roof ridges. Now the Hillcrest Hotel.
Bourne Vicarage. By F.H Goddard, 1878.
Spridlington Hall (former Rectory). Additions 1878.
17 Minster Yard, (Subdeanery) Extensive rebuilding and re-fenestration to the east end for Rev. Clements by F.H. Goddard
St Michael's Vicarage, Gibraltar Hill, Drury Lane, Lincoln.1882. Prominently sited overlooking Lincoln from just below the Castle. Arts and Crafts style with tile hanging and upper part of projecting gable half timbered. Brick arcaded chimney stack. Built for the Rev. G. B. Jamieson
St Peter at Gowts Vicarage (1897-9). 1 Sibthorp Street, Lincoln. By Goddard and Son. Red brick with bay window facing High Street. Elaborate moulded terracotta frieze running below the eaves and on the bay window. Terracotta probably by Fambrini & Daniels.
Houses
10-12 Tentercroft Street. Two Houses for Mr Axtel. (1869).
14 Lindum Terrace, Lincoln, 1871.
13-15 South Park, Lincoln.
Wootton Lodge Northgate, Lincoln.
12 Lindum Terrace 1886. Demolished August 2022.
6 The Avenue, Lincoln. 1893.Brick, but now painted cream. Two storeyed, with central porch and ornamented Dutch gable above and flanked with pedimented gables and canted bays to either side of porch. Now part of the Ridgeway Care Centre.
1 & 2 Eastcliff Road (off Lindum Terrace) Lincoln. 1896. Two houses in Arts and Crafts style developed by the Lincoln builders H S and W Close. Both brick with tile hangings. According to the Lincoln Buildings applications No 1 is by H S Close and No. 2 is by Goddard and Son. As both houses are similar in design, both must have been designed by Goddard and built by the Close brothers.
Eastfield, 27 Wragby Road. A house which F. H. Goddard had built for themselves shortly before their retirement. Art and Crafts in style, facing to the south, with a largely blank brick wall towards the road, but with a massive terracotta Elizabethan Renaissance revival doorway as an entrance from the road. The terracotta was probably manufacturer by the Lincoln firm of Fambrini & Daniels.
Church Restoration
Swayfield, Rebuilt part of church1875-6.
Timberland. Restoration of church, 1887.
Normanby by Spital. Restoration of church in 1890.
Literature
Antram N (revised), Pevsner N & Harris J, (1989), The Buildings of England: Lincolnshire, Yale University Press.
Antonia Brodie (ed), Directory of British Architects, 1834–1914: 2 Vols, British Architectural Library, Royal Institute of British Architects, 2001, Vol 1, pg. 735.
Brandwood, G.K. and Cherry, M.(1990), Men of property, the Goddards and six generations of architecture Leicester Museum Service.
Obituaries. (1899) Building News, vol. 76, pg.369. Builder, vol. 76, pg.281. Times 11 March 1899, pg. 10.
References
External links
The Survey of Lincoln:City Building Applications Database 1866 - 1952, for details of planning applications submitted by architects working in Lincoln.
19th-century English architects
English ecclesiastical architects
Architects from Lincolnshire
1813 births
1899 deaths
People from Lincoln, England
XHH-FM (100.7 MHz) is a Regional Mexican radio station serving the border towns of Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico (its city of license) and El Paso, Texas, United States (where it also maintains a sales office). It is owned by MegaRadio Mexico. The station is known on-air as Magia Digital 100.7.
XHH-FM broadcasts in HD.
History
The station received its concession in 1968 to operate on 93.3 MHz, but it soon moved to its present frequency.
References
External links
official website
Radio stations in Chihuahua
Mass media in Ciudad Juárez
Buran (, also Romanized as Būrān) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,869, in 750 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Undertow was a straight edge hardcore punk band from Seattle, Washington, active during the early and mid-1990s. They released material on Indecision Records, Bloodlink Records, Excursion Records and Overkill Records. Indecision Records released a comprehensive discography entitled Everything, which has 28 tracks spanning Undertow's entire active period with John Pettibone on vocals. RevHQ described them as 'founding fathers of Seattle straight edge'.
Members
John Pettibone- vocals
Mark Holcomb- guitar
Demian Johnston- bass guitar
Ryan Murphy- drums
Former
Joel DeGraff - vocals
Seth Linstrum - guitar
James Stern - bass guitar
Discography
Undertow 1990 Demo (Cassette) - Self-Released
The Extinction of All That Is Holy (7" Vinyl) - Overkill Records
Conditioned - Undertow/Resolution split (7" Vinyl) - Overkill Records
Edge of Quarrel (7" Vinyl) - 1991, Overkill Records
Undertow 1992 Demo (Cassette) - Self-Released
Undertow/Struggle Split (7" Vinyl) - 1993, Bloodlink Records
Stalemate (CDEP/7" Vinyl) - 1993, Excursion Records
At Both Ends (CD/LP) - 1994, Excursion Records
Control (CDEP/7" Vinyl) - 1994, Overkill Records
Undertow (7" Vinyl) - 2004, Indecision Records
Everything Discography (CD/2xLP) - 2004, Indecision Records
WSPC 1993 Live Performance (Cassette) - 2012, Dead Accents
References
External links
Undertow on Indecision Records website
Undertow on Allmusic
Musical groups established in 1991
Musical groups disestablished in 2004
American metalcore musical groups
Straight edge groups
1991 establishments in Washington (state)
Hardcore punk groups from Washington (state)
Daniel Turner (born 28 January 2002) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). A key defender, they are tall and weighs .
Statistics
Updated to the end of the 2022 season.
|-
| 2021 || || 42
| 0 || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || –
|-
| 2022 || || 42
| 1 || 0 || 0 || 3 || 2 || 5 || 2 || 2 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 3.0 || 2.0 || 5.0 || 2.0 || 2.0
|- class=sortbottom
! colspan=3 | Career
! 1 !! 0 !! 0 !! 3 !! 2 !! 5 !! 2 !! 2 !! 0.0 !! 0.0 !! 3.0 !! 2.0 !! 5.0 !! 2.0 !! 2.0
|}
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Melbourne Football Club players
The Elitserien (literally, the "Elite League") () is since the 2007–08 season the highest bandy league in Sweden. It consists of 14 teams. The season ends with one final game in March. The final was held at Studenternas IP in Uppsala from 1991 until 2012. In 2013 and 2014 the final was played at Friends Arena in Solna, and from 2015 to 2017 it was played at the Tele2 Arena. The final returned to 4,600-capacity Studenternas IP indoor stadium in 2018.
Season structure
During the regular season the fourteen teams play each other team at home and away - a total of 26 games per team.
The top six teams directly qualify for the playoffs for the league championship, while the teams ranked from 7th to 10th enter an additional play-off to decide which teams take the other two championship play-off places. The bottom four teams playoff against the top two teams from the Allsvenskan to decide promotion and relegation.
Teams
Current teams (2022–23 season)
* – indoor arena
Teams through the years
The number denotes the place in that year's end stand of the regular league before the championship play-off, while a blank space means the club was not playing in Elitserien that year.
A gold background means the club became Swedish champion that year following the championship play-off, a silver background means the club was the runner-up for the championship.
Notes
Previous winners
Elitserien is followed by a play-off to decide the national bandy champions. The final for the Swedish championship has been played annually since 1907. Before the start of Elitserien in 2007/2008, the play-off has been preceded by other league structures, most recently by the double structure of Allsvenskan and Elitserien.
Since the start of the present structure of Elitserien, Sandvikens AIK has ended in top of the league 4 times in the end just before the play-off, which is more than any other team. This league win is however not seen as nearly as prestigious as the championship final.
Top goalscorers
Patrik Nilsson has the top scorer record with 94 goals.
References
External links
Official website
Swedish Bandy Association
"Professional Bandy News Podcast"
Bandy leagues in Sweden
2007 establishments in Sweden
Sport leagues established in 2007
National bandy leagues
Sweden
Professional sports leagues in Sweden
Kofi Arko Nokoe is a Ghanaian politician who is a member of the National Democratic Congress.  They are the member of Parliament Elect for the Evalue-Ajomoro-Gwira Constituency in the Western region.
Early life and education
Nokoe started their tertiary education at the Komenda College of Education. They attended the University of Ghana, where they completed with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political studies. Nokoe also holds a master's degree in Development Studies from the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology.
Politics
Member of parliament
Nokoe won the parliamentary bid to represent the National Democratic Congress for the Evalue-Ajomoro-Gwira Constituency ahead of the 2020 elections on 28 September 2019 after polling 546 votes representing 64.2% beating their main contender, Herbert Kua Dickson who had 297 votes representing 34.9%.
In December 2020, They won the Evalue-Ajomoro-Gwira Constituency in the parliamentary elections unseating the incumbent member of parliament Catherine Ablema Afeku who is a former Minister of Tourism, Culture and Creative Arts. They won by polling 19,830 votes representing 53.4% against their closest opponent the incumbent member of parliament, Catherine Ablema Afeku of the New Patriotic Party who obtained 17,287 votes representing 46.6% of the votes cast. The Evalue-Ajomoro-Gwira seat was one of the seats that was taken away from the National Democratic Congress by the New Patriotic Party in the 2016 Parliamentary Elections but the party couldn't retain it for an extra 4 years.
References
National Democratic Congress (Ghana) politicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ghanaian MPs 2021–2025
The Burmese census is an official count of the human population in Burma (Myanmar).
History
The earliest census on record in Burmese history was taken in 1359 in the Pinya Kingdom. The first nationwide census was taken in 1638, and it was followed by two other nationwide censuses in 1784 and 1803. The first modern census was taken in 1891 in the British colonial period. It was carried out in 10-year intervals until 1941. In the post-independence area, the census has been conducted 3 times, in 1973, 1983, and 2014.
2014 Census
The last census was conducted by the Ministry of Immigration and Population's Department of Population, and was funded by Western donors, at a cost of , and supervised by the United Nations Population Fund.
References
Demographics of Myanmar
Blue flag or Blue Flag may refer to:
Sport and recreation
Blue Flag beach, a beach or marina that meets certain quality standards
Blue Flag, the flag of Chelsea F.C.
Blue flag, a particular Flag#Swimming flags
Blue flag, a particular Racing flags#Blue flag
Botany
Larger Blue Flag or , a type of iris
Slender Blue Flag or , a type of iris
Transport
Blue flag, a particular Flag#Railway flags in railway use.
Blue sign used by European waterways vessels passing on the starboard side
Military
Blue Flag (Israeli Air Force exercise), the name of an Israeli Air Force exercise
Blue Flag (United States Air Force exercise), the name of a United States Air Force command and control exercise
Other
Blue Flag (manga), a manga series by KAITO.
"The Blue Flag", a World War I song composed by Carrie Jacobs-Bond
Blue Flag, common representation of the street gang Crips
See also
Bonnie Blue Flag
Parenteau may refer to:
Donny Parenteau, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer
Marc Parenteau (born 1980), professional Canadian football offensive lineman
P. A. Parenteau (born 1983), Canadian professional ice hockey right winger
Canadian politician, former Canadian politician
See also
Barentu (disambiguation)
Parentia
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1605.
Events
January 1 – The Queen's Revels Children perform George Chapman's All Fools at the court of King James I of England.
January 6 – At the first performance of The Masque of Blackness at the Banqueting Hall, Whitehall Palace, the cast includes Penelope Rich and Lady Mary Wroth.
January 7 – The King's Men perform Shakespeare's Henry V at court.
January 8 – Ben Jonson's Every Man Out of Their Humour is performed at court by the King's Men.
January – the King's Men perform Love's Labour's Lost before Queen Anne.
January 16 – The first part of Miguel de Cervantes' satire on chivalry, Don Quixote (El ingenioso hidalgo don Quixote de la Mancha, "The Ingenious Hidalgo Don Quixote of La Mancha"), claimed to be translated from Arabic by Cide Hamete Benengeli into dialects of Old Spanish, and printed by Juan de la Cuesta in 1604, is published by Francisco de Robles in Madrid. Most of the first edition is shipped to Spanish America. One of the first significant novels in western literary tradition, it becomes a global bestseller almost at once and new editions, authorized and pirated, are produced across the Iberian Peninsula by the end of the year.
February 2 – The King's Men give a repeat performance of Ben Jonson's Every Man in Their Humour at court.
February 10 and February 12 – Performances of The Merchant of Venice are given at court.
May 30 – John Spottiswoode becomes a member of the Scottish privy council.
August 27–August 30 – King James I, Queen Anne, and their son Prince Henry visit the University of Oxford. Gentlemen from St John's and Christ Church colleges entertain them with a series of plays, including (at the latter) an early example of perspective scenery. The big success is Samuel Daniel's The Queen's Arcadia. Matthew Gwinne's Latin play Vertumnus puts James to sleep.
October – Relation aller Fürnemmen und gedenckwürdigen Historien by Johann Carolus in Strasbourg (Holy Roman Empire) first appears. It is generally regarded as the world's first newspaper. De Nieuwe Tijdinghen, a Dutch proto-newspaper, is perhaps also published this year.
Uncertain dates
Richard Rowlands publishes A Restitution of Decayed Intelligence in Antiquities concerning the most noble and renowned English Nation in Antwerp, including the first English-language telling of the legend of the Pied Piper of Hamelin.
Luis de Góngora has some poems published in an anthology.
The Rose theatre in London is abandoned after its lease runs out.
New books
Prose
Anonymous – Ratsey's Ghost
Johann Arndt – Vier Bücher vom wahren Christenthum (Four Books of True Christianity, 1605–1610)
Francis Bacon – The Advancement of Learning
William Camden – Remaines of a Greater Worke, Concerning Britaine
Miguel de Cervantes – Don Quixote
Melchior Goldast – Suevicarum rerum scriptores
Garcilaso de la Vega – Historia de la Florida
Drama
Anonymous
The Fair Maid of Bristow (published)
The First Part of Hieronimo (published)
The History of Richard Whittington, of their lowe byrth, their great fortune (licensed; later lost)
The True Chronicle History of King Leir (published)
The London Prodigal (published with attribution to William Shakespeare)
Robert Armin and others – Fool upon Fool (published)
George Chapman, Ben Jonson and John Marston – Eastward Hoe (performed and published)
George Chapman – All Fools (published)
Henry Chettle and Thomas Heywood (?) – The Trial of Chivalry (published)
Samuel Daniel – The Queen's Arcadia
Thomas Dekker and John Webster – Northward Ho
Thomas Heywood – If You Know Not Me, You Know Nobody
Ben Jonson
The Masque of Blackness
Sejanus (published)
John Marston – The Dutch Courtesan published
Thomas Middleton – A Yorkshire Tragedy (attributed; approximate year; published 1608 with attribution to "W. Shakspeare")
Samuel Rowley – When You See Me, You Know Me (published)
Poetry
Samuel Daniel – Certain Small Poems
John Davies of Hereford – Humours Heav'n on Earth
Births
June – Thomas Randolph, English poet and dramatist (died 1635)
July 29 – Simon Dach, German poet and hymnist (died 1659)
July 25 – Theodore Haak, German-born Calvinist translator and natural philosopher (died 1690)<ref>A. G. Keller, "Haak, Theodore (1605–1690)" (Oxford, UK: Oxford Dictionary of National Biography: OUP, 2004)
Retrieved 25 July 2017</ref>
September 12 – William Dugdale, English antiquary and herald (died 1686)
October 19 – Sir Thomas Browne, English writer and polymath (died 1682)
November – François Combefis, French Dominican patrologist (died 1679)
November 4 – Thomas Nabbes, English dramatist (died c. 1645)Uncertain datesWalter Blith, English writer on husbandry (died 1654)
John Gauden, English writer and bishop (died 1662)
William Habington, English poet (died 1654)
Sor Marcela de San Félix, Spanish poet, dramatist and nun (died 1687)Probable yearHugh Paulinus de Cressy, English church scholar (died 1674)
Deaths
March 26 – Jakob Ayrer, German dramatist (born c. 1543)
April 6 – John Stow, English historian (born c. 1525)
May – Edward Lively, English linguist and Bible scholar (born 1545)
September 9 – Heinrich Khunrath, German alchemist and philosopher (born c. 1560)
September 23 – Pontus de Tyard, French poet (born c. 1521)
October 13 – Theodore Beza, French Protestant theologian (born 1519)Uncertain dates''
William Haughton, English dramatist
Lodewijk Toeput, Flemish painter and poet (born c. 1550)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
"Good Morning Britain" is a single by the Scottish band Aztec Camera featuring special guest Mick Jones (of Big Audio Dynamite and The Clash). It was released as the second single from their 1990 studio album Stray. The song was written by Aztec Camera frontman Roddy Frame. It reached number 19 in the UK Singles Chart, and number 12 on the U.S. Alternative Songs chart.
Lyrics
The song is a protest song, listing in its first four verses problems and marginalization affecting Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales and England, before ending with the hopeful message that standing up to injustice will make the country a better place.
Two contemporary politicians are referenced in the lyrics, with "ten long years and we've still got her" referring to Margaret Thatcher, and the verse about Wales mentioning Neil Kinnock.
Charts
References
1990 singles
Aztec Camera songs
Songs written by Roddy Frame
1990 songs
Songs about the United Kingdom
Befokata Sud is a district in the region of Atsimo-Atsinanana in Madagascar.
Communes
The district is further divided into seven communes:
Befotaka
Ambohimasoa
Ambondr
Andasy
Andioteny
Andranovory, Befotaka
Andria, Befotaka
Ankazovelo, Befotaka
Bekofafa
Belenalena
Morarano
Soabonaka
Soavariana
Soarano
Antaninarenina
Antondabe (or Antondambe)
Beharena
Bekofafa Sud
Marovitsika Sud
Ranotsara Sud
Nature
It is the gateway to the Midongy du sud National Park (also called: Midongy-Betroka National Park) that is found in a distance of 34 km from Befotaka.
Mining
There are celestite crystals found in this district.
References
Districts of Atsimo-Atsinanana
This is a list of notable events in Latin music (i.e. music from the Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking areas Latin America, Latin Europe, and the United States) that took place in 2002.
Events
September 18The 3rd Annual Latin Grammy Awards are held at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles.
Alejandro Sanz wins the Latin Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Record of the Year for "Y Sólo Se Me Ocurre Amarte" and Album of the Year for MTV Unplugged.
Jorge Moreno wins Best New Artist.
Vicente Fernández is honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year.
Bands formed
Arcuri Overthrow (Venezuela)
Asesino (Mexico)
Cali Philharmonic Orchestra (Colombia)
El Efecto (Brazil)
El Hombre Misterioso (Peru)
El Sueño de Morfeo (Spain)
Mambrú (Argentina)
Mercadonegro (Chile)
Trazendo a Arca (Brazil)
Tribalistas (Brazil)
Bands disbanded
Flema (Argentina)
Mujeres Encinta (international)
Tijuana No! (Mexico)
Number-ones albums and singles by country
List of number-one albums of 2002 (Spain)
List of number-one singles of 2002 (Spain)
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2002
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 2002
Awards
2002 Latin Grammy Awards
2002 Premio Lo Nuestro
2002 Billboard Latin Music Awards
2002 Tejano Music Awards
Albums released
First quarter
January
February
March
Second quarter
April
May
June
Third quarter
July
August
September
Fourth quarter
October
November
December
Unknown
Best-selling records
Best-selling albums
The following is a list of the top 10 best-selling Latin albums in the United States in 2002, according to Billboard.
Best-performing songs
The following is a list of the top 10 best-performing Latin songs in the United States in 2002, according to Billboard.
Births
March 10 – Júlia Gomes, actor and singer
May 3 – MC Pedrinho, singer
May 22 – Maisa Silva, singer, TV hostess and actor
Deaths
January 3 – Juan García Esquivel, 83, Mexican band leader, pianist and composer
March 24 – Wilson Fonseca, Brazilian composer, conductor and writer
June 5 – Carmelo Bernaola, 72, Spanish composer and clarinetist
December 10 – El Carrao de Palmarito, 74, Venezuelan llanero singer
References
Latin music by year
Honnyu Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 1.6 km2. The dam impounds about 10 ha of land when full and can store 600 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1917.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1917 establishments in Japan
The was an annual award established in 1955 and given out by Bungeishunjū in Japan for gag, , one-panel, and satirical manga. The award was also given out for works considered the magnum opus of manga creators.
Past winners of the award include Jōji Yamafuji, Makoto Wada, illustrations by Taku Furukawa, a picture book by Shinto Chō, and parodies by Mad Amano. While the award was given out for illustration, picture books, parodies, and other similar works, the proliferation of the modern manga culture led to more manga artists receiving the awards in recent years.
Bungeishunjū stopped giving out the award in 2002.
Award winners
Sources:
See also
List of manga awards
References
Manga awards
Awards established in 1955
Japanese awards
Comic awards
1955 establishments in Japan
Christine Ann Poon (born c. 1952 in Brentwood, Missouri) is an American business executive.  They are the former vice chairperson of the Johnson & Johnson Board of Directors and worldwide chairperson of J&J's Pharmaceuticals Group.
Early life
Poon was raised as one of seven children; their mother was a nurse, and their father a physician. In a 2013 Distinguished Lecture at West Virginia University, they related how early experiences being Chinese in a predominantly white Ohio suburb shaped their character and desire to "...not be the stereotype you saw, but be who I wanted to be." Poon credits their brother for encouraging them to pursue a career at the interface of science and business, which led to their enrollment for an MBA (1982) and eventual employment at BMS in the Strategic Planning function.
Career
Poon worked at Bristol Myers Squibb from 1985 to 2000, advancing to the position of President of the international medicines division. They credited an early role transition from a "line" to a "staff" function - Global Marketing - which exposed them to a more international vision of the pharmaceutical world and prepared them for leadership. They then joined Johnson & Johnson for 8 years, from 2000 to 2008. Major projects during their time included drugs to treat pain, schizophrenia, and HIV.
After their stint with J&J, Poon served as dean of Ohio State University's Fisher College of Business from April 2009 to November 2014. The Championship Trophy for the Legends of Fisher Fantasy Football league also adorns their name in commemoration of their service.  They are also member of the board of directors of Prudential Financial, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, and Sherwin-Williams, and member of the supervisory board of Royal Philips Electronics.
Awards
2009 - John W. Berry, Sr. Chair in Business, Ohio State University
2008 - Forbes "100 Most Powerful Women"
2005 - "Business Leader of the Future" from The Wall Street Journal / CNBC
2004 - Healthcare Businesswomen's Association "Woman of the Year"
References
External links
OSU Profile
1952 births
20th-century American businesspeople
American women business executives
Boston University School of Management alumni
Living people
Northwestern University alumni
Saint Louis University alumni
20th-century American business persons
21st-century American women
White River Junction Historic District is a historic district in the unincorporated village of White River Junction, within the town of Hartford, Vermont. It was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and its boundaries were increased in 2002 and 2019. It originally encompassed the central portion of the village's business district, and was then expanded to include a broader array of resources.
Description and history
The village of White River Junction is located in central eastern Vermont, at the mouth of the White River where it joins the Connecticut River. First settled in the 1760s, it was from the 1840s to the 1960s the most important railroad junction in northern New England, providing an interchange point between the Boston and Maine Railroad (originally known as the Connecticut River Railroad), the Vermont Central Railway, which served Burlington, the Passumpsic Rivers Railroad, which served Newport, the Northern New Hampshire Railroad, serving Concord, New Hampshire and Boston, Massachusetts, and the Woodstock Railway, serving Woodstock, Vermont. Its central business district is located southwest of a bend in the Vermont Central tracks, which roughly parallel the White River as it enters the Connecticut. Over the period of its economic height, the business area grew, mainly to the west and south, with residential areas in the surrounding uplands and across the White River. The village's economy declined after railroad service was reduced in the mid-20th century.
When first listed on the National Register in 1980, the historic district encompassed a portion of the central business district, oriented around the junction of Main and Gates Streets, extending only to Currier Street and across the railroad tracks to the historic passenger depot, which now serves Amtrak's Vermonter service. In 2002, its boundaries were enlarged to include most of the business district along with some immediately adjacent residential areas. The central portion of the business district is populated by mainly brick buildings, two and three stories in height, while its outlying areas (for example, further out on South and North Main Street), buildings are less densely spaced, and include some wood frame commercial buildings. The expanded historic district also includes the surviving railroad bridge across the White River, the 1884–1895 high school building located on the north side of the White River, and the Progressive Market, an important surviving example of a local ethnic market building.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Windsor County, Vermont
References
Colonial Revival architecture in Vermont
Italianate architecture in Vermont
White River Junction, Vermont
Historic districts in Windsor County, Vermont
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Windsor County, Vermont
Divran (, also Romanized as Dīvrān) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 25 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Army Black Knights softball team represents the United States Military Academy in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Patriot League. The Black Knights are currently led by head coach Cheryl Milligan. The team plays its home games at Army Softball Complex located on the university's campus.
Year-by-year results
Roster
As of January 5, 2014.
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
References
External links
Sabana Grande is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,112.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Sabana Grande barrio was 1,053.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Video of destruction in Sabana Grande caused by Hurricane Maria
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Mardyan District is situated in the central eastern part of the Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan. It borders Mingajik District to the west, Qarqin District to north, Balkh Province and Fayzabad District to the east and Aqcha District to the south. The population is 34,200 (2006). The district center is the village of Mardyan, located in the central part of the district.
District Map
AIMS District Map
Districts of Jowzjan Province
Sripur is a Village Development Committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. The formerly Malakheti, Sripur, Beladevipur, Geta Village Development Committees were merged to form the new municipality since 18 May 2014. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8430 residing in 1180 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Jean Hillier is Professor Emerita in the Centre for Urban Research at RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia
Research interests
Research interests include poststructural planning theory and methodology for strategic practice in conditions of uncertainty, more-than-human planning theory and practice, and problematisation of cultural heritage practices in spatial planning, particularly in China.
Research projects
ARC Large Grant. The Role of Procedural Justice in Determining the Effectiveness of Citizen Involvement in Planning.
AHURI. Falling through the Net, A Risk Management Model for Home Ownership Support Schemes. (with Peter V., Walker R. & Berry M.)
AHURI. The Impact of Urban Regeneration on Indigenous Households. (with Walker R.)
EU FP6. Katarsis. (with Moulaert F.).
EU FP7. Social Polis. (with Moulaert F.)
ARC Discovery. Enabling social innovation for local climate adaptability (with Steele W., MacCallum D., Byrne J. and Houston D.)
Publications
Over 200 publications in their name:
Books
2002 * Habitus: A Sense of Place, edited with Emma Rooksby, Ashgate, Aldershot
2002 * Shadows of Power: an Allegory of Prudence, Routledge, London.
2005 * Consent and Consensus, edited with Denis Cryle, API Network, Perth.
2007 * Stretching Beyond the Horizon: a multiplanar theory of spatial planning and governance, Ashgate, Aldershot.
2008 * Critical Essays in Planning Theory, 3 Volumes, edited with Patsy Healey, Ashgate, Aldershot.
2009 * Social Innovation and Territorial Development, edited with Frank Moulaert, Serena Vicari and Diana MacCallum, Ashgate, Aldershot.
2009 * Planning in 10 Words – Or Less, with Gunder M., Ashgate, Farnham.
2010 * The Ashgate Research Companion to Planning Theory: Conceptual Challenges for Spatial Planning, edited with Patsy Healey, Ashgate, Farnham.
2012 * Complexity and the Planning of the Built Environment, edited with Gert de Roo, Joris Van Wezemael, Ashgate, Farnham.
2014 * Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari for Planners, InPlanning e-book, http://www.aesop-planning.eu/downloads/Other/en_GB/aesop-ya-booklet-series-a-vol-1-deluze-and-guattari-jean-hillier-in-conversation-with-gareth-abrahams
2015 * Connections: exploring contemporary planning theory and practice with Patsy Healey, edited with Jonathan Metzger, Ashgate, Farnham.
2017 * The Planning Theory Tradition: an international account, 规划理论传统：国际化解读, with Patsy Healey, Southeastern University Press, Nanjing, China 南京东南大学出版社有限公司 (In Mandarin).
2017 * Situated Practices of Strategic Planning: An international perspective, edited with Louis Albrechts and Alessandro Balducci, Routledge, Abingdon.
Journal articles
1984 * The Advance Factory Market. The Planner. October 1984, 70(10): 15.
1985 * Multinational Control In The Bristol Economy. Area. September, 17:123-7.
1985 * Multinational Control. Companies Producing in Britain Does Not Equal British Industry. Area. December, 17: 330-335.
1987 * Under the Counter: Wages and Conditions in Retailing. Planning Practice and Research. 2: 21-26.
1991 * The Debate Over Urban Consolidation in Australia. (with Yiftachel, O and Betham, M), Urban Policy and Research. 9(2): 78-81.
1991 * Community Power - A Postmodern Approach. (with Hedgcock, D and Wood, D). Urban Policy & Research. 9(4): 220-226
1993 * To Boldly Go Where Planners ... Environment and Planning D, Society and Space, 11: 89-113.
1995 * The Unwritten Law of Planning Theory: Common Sense. Journal of Planning Education and Research, 14(4): 292-296.
1996 * Communicative Micropolitics: A Story of Claims and Discourses.(with Healey, P.) International Planning Studies, 1(2): 165-184.
1996 * On the Memory of Water? Journal of Planning Education and Research, 15(3): 103.
1996 * The Gaze in the City: Video Surveillance in Perth”. Australian Geographical Studies, 34(1): 95-105.
1997 * Who speaks for the poor? (with van Looij T.) International Planning Studies, 2(1): 7-26.
1997 * Values, Images, Identities: Cultural Influences in Public Participation. Geography Research Forum, 17(1): 18-36.
1997 * See you in the City, Arena, 38-40.
1998 * Beyond Confused Noise: ideas towards communicative procedural justice. Journal of Planning Education & Research, 18: 14-24.
1998 * Paradise proclaimed? Towards A Theoretical Understanding of Representations of Nature in Land Use Planning Decision-Making, Ethics, Place and Environment, 1(1): 77-91
1999 * Habitat's Habitus: Representation of Nature as Social Space in Land Use Planning Decision-making, Urban Policy & Research, 17(3): 199-204
1999 * What Values? Whose Values? Ethics, Place & Environment: 2(2): 179-199
2000 * Going Round the Back? Complex Networks, Informal Action in Local Planning Processes, Environment & Planning A, 34: 33-54.
2000 * Can't See The Trees For The Wood, Planning Theory & Practice 1(1): 59-79
2001 * Gender and Habitus: an editorial introduction, Geography Research Forum, Special Issue, 21: 1-5.
2003 * Governance and Strategic Environmental Policy-making in Times of Challenge and Change: the Western Australian Regional Forest Agreement, Australian Geographical Studies, 41(3): 251-269.
2003 * ‘Agon'ising Over Consensus - Why Habermasian Ideals Cannot be Real, Planning Theory, 2(1): 37-59.
2003 * Puppets of Populism? International Planning Studies, 8(2): 157-166.
2004 * Planning Fantasies? An exploration of a potential Lacanian framework for understanding development assessment planning, (with Gunder M.) Planning Theory, 2(3); 225-248
2004 * Conforming to the Expectations of the Profession: A Lacanian Perspective on Planning Practice, Norms and Values, (with Gunder M) Planning Theory and Practice, 5(2): 217-235.
2004 * Trois Essais sur le Rôle de l'Innovation Sociale dans le Développement Territorial, (with Moulaert F. and Nussbaumer J.) Géographie, Économie, Société, 6(2): 129-152.
2005 * Not Over Your Dead Bodies! A Lacanian Interpretation of Planning Discourse and Practice, (with Gunder M) Environment & Planning A, 37(6): 1049-1066
2005 * Straddling the Post-Structuralist Abyss: Between Transcendence and Immanence? Planning Theory 4(3): 271-299
2007 * Planning as Urban Therapeutic, (with Gunder M) Environment & Planning A, 39(2); 467-486.
2007 * Problematising Responsibility in Planning Theory and Practice: on seeing the middle of the string? (with Gunder M.), Progress in Planning, 68(1): 57-96.
2008 * Viaggio inter-planario: il planning spaziale alla frontiera tra linee e piani, (trans. Lieto L.), Critica della Razionalità Urbanistica (CRU): 20-21: 7-24.
2008 * Plan(e) Speaking: a multiplanar theory of spatial planning, Planning Theory, 7(1): 24-50.
2008 * 'Empty, Swept and Garnished': the Public Finance Initiative case of Throckley Middle School (with Van Wezemael J.) Space and Polity, 12(2): 157 — 181
2008 * Do we know what a body can do? Emergent subjectivities in Another Place, Rhizomes, Issue 17(winter): http://www.rhizomes.net/issue17/hillier/index.html
2009 * Assemblages of Justice: the 'ghost ships' of Graythorp, International Journal of Urban and Regional Research, 33(3) 640-661.
2009 * Ping mian yan shuo: Kong jian gui hua de duo ping mian li lun (trans. Cao K.) Urban Planning International, 24(5): 37-44.
2010 * How Could We Study Climate-Related Social Innovation? Applying Deleuzean Philosophy to the Transition Towns, (with Smith Cato M.). Environmental Politics: 869-887.
2010 * Strategic navigation in an ocean of theoretical and practice complexity, 战略性引导的方法在复杂规划理论与实践中的运用, (trans. Cao K.), Urban Planning International 25(5): 44-59. In Mandarin.
2010 * Painting Green Dragons? Towards a Poststructural Theory and Methodology for Strategic Spatial Planning in the People's Republic of China (with Cao K.) 绘制青龙：面向中国战略空间规划的后结构主义理论与方法论, Urban Planning International 25(5): 88-95. In Mandarin.
2011 * Encountering Gilles Deleuze in Another Place, European Planning Studies, 9(5): 861-885.
2011 * Strategic Navigation across Multiple Planes: towards a Deleuzean-inspired methodology for strategic spatial planning. Town Planning Review, 82(5): 503-527.
2011 * Introduction: Strategic spatial planning in uncertainty: theory and exploratory practice, (with Balducci A., Boelens L., Nyseth T. and Wilkinson C.), Town Planning Review, 82(5): 481-501
2011 * Strategic Planning as Strategic Navigation, Critica degli Ordinamenti Spaziali, 1(1): 25-42.
2011 * Enabling Chinese strategic spatial planners to paint green dragons, (with Cao K.), Planning Theory, 10(4): 366-378.
2012 * Liquid spaces of engagement: entering the waves with Antony Gormley and Olafur Eliasson, Deleuze Studies, 6(1): 132-148.
2012 * Processes of Innovation: reformation of the English strategic spatial planning system, (with Gunn S.) Planning Theory and Practice, 13(3): 359-381.
2012 * Introduction: Problematising Urban Social Cohesion: A Transdisciplinary Endeavour (with Miciukiewicz, K., Moulaert, F., Novy, A., Musterd, S.), Urban Studies, 49 (9), 1855-1872.
2013 * More than Meat: Rediscovering the cow beneath the face in urban heritage practice, Environment and Planning D, Society and Space, 31(5): 863-878.
2013 * Deleuzian Dragons: thinking Chinese strategic spatial planning with Gilles Deleuze, (with Cao K.), Deleuze Studies, 7(3): 390-405.
2013 * Troubling the Place of the Border: On Territory, Community, Space and Place, Australian Planner, 50(2): 103-108.
2013 * On Relationality and Uncertainty, disP, 49(3); 32-39.
2013 * Are we there yet? Urban Policy and Research, 31(1): 1-3
2013 * On Analysing Space from a Strategic Relational Institutionalist Perspective: The Cultural Park for Children in Cairo (with van den Broeck P., Abdelwahab M. & Miciukiewicz K.), International Planning Studies, 18(3-4): 321-341.
2013 * Planning theory in China and Chinese planning theory: Guest editorial introduction (with Cao K.) Planning Theory, 12(4) 331 –334. DOI: 10.1177/1473095213493983.
2014 * When Uncertainty is Interpreted as Risk: An analysis of tensions relating to spatial planning reform in England, (with Gunn Z.). Planning Practice and Research, 29(1): 56-74.
2015 * If Schrödinger's Cat Miaows in the Suburbs, Will Anyone Hear? Planning Theory, 14: 425-443, DOI: 10.1177/1473095215576159
2016 * Is extermination to be the legacy of Mary Gilbert's cat?. (with Byrne J.). Organization, 23(3): 387–406.
2017 * Cat-alysing attunement, Journal of Environmental Policy & Planning, 19(3): 327-344.
2017 * No Place To Go? Management of Non-Human Animal Overflows in Australia, European Management Journal. 35: 712-721.
2017 * On Planning For Not Having A Plan?, Planning Theory and Practice, 18 (4): 668-675
2018 * Make kin, not cities! Multispecies entanglements and ‘becoming-world' in planning theory, (with MacCallum, D., Steele, W., Houston, D. and Byrne J.), Planning Theory, 17(2): 190-212. https://doi.org/10.1177/1473095216688042
2020 * Towns within Towns: From incompossibility to inclusive disjunction in urban spatial planning, (with Metzger J.) Deleuze and Guattari Studies
1953 births
Living people
Alumni of Bedford College, London
Academics of Newcastle University
The Murderer with the Silk Scarf () is a 1966 German-Italian crime film produced and directed by Adrian Hoven (who also appeared in the film), and starring Carl Möhner, Folco Lulli, Helga Liné and Harald Juhnke.
Plot
Peeking through a mail slot, a little girl sees their mother being murdered by a man, but they are unable to identify the killer. When the police investigate the murder, the killer decides to eliminate the little girl since they know they are the only witness to the crime.
Cast
Carl Möhner as Boris Garrett
Folco Lulli as Polizeirat Erwin Moll
Harald Juhnke as Oberinspektor Charly Fischer
Susanne Uhlen as Claudia Sampton
Adrian Hoven as Waldemar Fürst
Sonja Romanoff as Wally Specht
Helga Liné as Prisca Sampton
Erwin Strahl as Toni Stein
Ady Berber as Kriminalinspektor Stenzel
Greta Zimmer as Frau Moll
Vera Complojer as 'Tante' Blaschek
Astrid Boner as Maria Stein
Elisabeth Stiepl as Nachbarin Gmeiner
References
Bibliography
Simone Petricci. Il Cinema E Siena: La Storia, I Protagonisti, Le Opere. Manent, 1997.
External links
1966 films
1966 crime films
German crime films
West German films
1960s German-language films
Films directed by Adrian Hoven
Italian crime films
Constantin Film films
Films set in Vienna
1960s German films
1960s Italian films
Solaklar is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Sans titre is French for untitled. It may refer to:
Sans titre (album), a 2009 album by Corneille
Sans titre, an 1838 book by Xavier Forneret
Sans Titre, a 1997 short film by Leos Carax
Sans titre, work by Albert Féraud
Sans titre, a 1999 exhibition by Edward McHugh
John Michael Allaby is an Aventis Junior prize-winning author. They were born on 18 September 1933 in Belper, Derbyshire in England.
They were a police cadet from 1949 to 1951. After that they served in the RAF from 1951 to 1954, becoming a pilot. After leaving the RAF, they worked as an actor from 1954 to 1964, including "The Keys of Marinus" Doctor Who is a storyline. They married Marthe McGregor on 3 January 1957.
From 1964 to 1972, they a worked as an editor for the Soil Association in Suffolk, England, editing Span magazine from 1967 to 1972. They were a member of the board of directors for Ecosystems Ltd. in Wadebridge, Cornwall, England and was an associate editor of Ecologist from 1970 to 1972. They became a managing editor in 1972. In 1973, they became a freelance writer.
They have written widely about science, particularly about ecology and weather. They edit and writes dictionaries and encyclopaedias for Macmillan Publishers and Oxford University Press. They co-authored James Lovelock's first two books: The Greening of Mars (1984, Warner Books, ) and Great Extinction (1983, Doubleday, ). Their book, The Food Chain (André Deutsch, ) was runner-up for the Times Educational Supplement Information Book Award in 1984. The New York Public Library chose Dangerous Weather: Hurricanes as one of its books for the teenage in 1998. They won the Aventis Junior Prize for Science Books in 2001 for How the Weather Works.  They are a member of the Society for the History of Natural History, the Planetary Society, the Society of Authors, the New York Academy of Sciences, and the Association of British Science Writers.
References
Contemporary Authors Online, Gale, 2008. Reproduced in Biography Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.: Gale, 2008. Document Number: H1000001310. Online 29 July 2008.
External links
Michael Allaby's Web site
English science writers
English magazine editors
English lexicographers
1933 births
Living people
English encyclopedists
The is a mid-size station wagon produced by the Japanese automobile manufacturer Honda. It is based on the sixth-generation Accord.
Overview
Upon its introduction in 1999, the Avancier was available with a 2.3-litre F23A VTEC four-cylinder engine producing mated to a 4-speed automatic transmission or a 3.0-litre J30A VTEC V6 engine producing mated to a 5-speed automatic transmission. It can be had with a front-wheel drive or the Honda's real-time four-wheel drive system. The V6-engined Avancier can be optioned with an "Intelligent Highway Cruise Control" (IHCC) that used a radar to determine and maintain a reliable distance with the car in front and capable to maintain a speed. Due to the large engine displacements, the Avancier was considered as a mid-size wagon in Japan instead of a compact wagon. The dimensions also contribute to such classification in Japan.
When the Accord underwent a full model change, the production of Avancier ceased by 2003.
Avancier (station wagon)
Cars introduced in 1999
2000s cars
Mid-size cars
Station wagons
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Tukahur (, also Romanized as Tūkahūr) is a village in Tukahur Rural District, Tukahur District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,852, in 355 families.
References
Populated places in Minab County
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Kabile Island, Greenwich Island
Kableshkov Ridge, Nordenskjöld Coast
Kakrina Point, Clarence Island
Kaliakra Glacier, Livingston Island
Kaliman Island, Livingston Island
Kalina Point, Oscar II Coast
Kaliva Range, Danco Coast
Kalmar Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Kalofer Peak, Livingston Island
Kalotina Island, Anvers Island
Kaloyan Nunatak, Livingston Island
Kaloyanov Peak, Oscar II Coast
Kamchiya Glacier, Livingston Island
Kamenar Point, Davis Coast
Kamenov Spur, Oscar II Coast
Kamera Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Kamhi Point, Alexander Island
Kanarata Point, Astrolabe Island
Kanchov Peak, Loubet Coast
Kandidiana Ridge, Alexander Island
Kanitz Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Kapisturia Cove, Danco Coast
Kaprela Island, Trinity Island
Karasura Glacier, Bastien Range
Karavelova Point, Livingston Island
Kardam Buttress, Livingston Island
Kardzhali Point, Livingston Island
Karia Peak, Graham Coast
Karlovo Peak, Livingston Island
Karnare Col, Sentinel Range
Karnobat Pass, Livingston Island
Karposh Point, Snow Island
Kasabova Glacier, Davis Coast
Kashin Glacier, Fallières Coast
Kasilag Pass, Sentinel Range
Kaspichan Point, Greenwich Island
Kavarna Cove, Livingston Island
Kavlak Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Kazanlak Peak, Livingston Island
Kazichene Cove, Low Island
Kenderova Buttress, Graham Coast
Kereka Island, Biscoe Islands
Kermen Peninsula, Robert Island
Kerseblept Nunatak, Greenwich Island
Kesten Point, Oscar II Coast
Ketripor Hill, Trinity Island
Kianida Reef, Rugged Island
Kikish Crag, Livingston Island
Kilifarevo Island, Aitcho Islands
Kipra Gap, Sentinel Range
Kiten Point, Trinity Peninsula
Kladara Beach, Greenwich Island
Kladnitsa Peak, Graham Coast
Kladorub Glacier, Nordenskjöld Coast
Klamer Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Mount Klayn, Bastien Range
Klenova Peak, Sentinel Range
Klepalo Hill, Graham Coast
Kleptuza Glacier, Anvers Island
Klimash Passage, Greenwich Island
Mount Kliment Ohridski, Alexander Island
Klisura Peak, Livingston Island
Klokotnitsa Ridge, Trinity Peninsula
Knezha Island, Biscoe Islands
Kokalyane Point, Rugged Island
Kokiche Col, Trinity Peninsula
Kokora Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Koledari Knoll, Foyn Coast
Kolobar Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Kolokita Cove, Alexander Island
Kolosh Glacier, Graham Coast
Kom Glacier, Fallières Coast
Komini Peak, Livingston Island
Komuniga Island, Graham Coast
Kondofrey Heights, Trinity Peninsula
Kondolov Peak, Brabant Island
Kondor Island, Nelson Island
Kongur Glacier, Smith Island
Konstantin Buttress, Nordenskjöld Coast
Konush Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Kopito Ridge, Trinity Peninsula
Kopriva Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Kopsis Glacier, Sentinel Range
Koriten Glacier, Graham Coast
Kormesiy Peak, Greenwich Island
Kormoran Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Kormyansko Saddle, Danco Coast
Korsis Island, Snow Island
Korten Ridge, Davis Coast
Kosatka Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Koshava Island, Zed Islands
Kostenets Saddle, Smith Island
Kostenurka Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Kostilka Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Kostinbrod Pass, Sentinel Range
Kostov Island, South Orkney Islands
Kostur Point, Brabant Island
Kotel Gap, Livingston Island
Kotev Cove, Two Hummock Island
Kotis Point, Livingston Island
Kotlari Peak, Brabant Island
Kotrag Nunatak, Greenwich Island
Kovach Island, Robert Island
Kovil Nunatak, Sentinel Range
Koynare Rocks, Livingston Island
Kozhuh Peak, Alexander Island
Kozloduy Cove, Robert Island
Kozma Cove, Desolation Island
Mount Kozyak, Liège Island
Krakra Bluff, Livingston Island
Krali Marko Crag, Oscar II Coast
Kramolin Cove, Greenwich Island
Kran Peninsula, Liège Island
Kranevo Point, Tower Island
Krapets Glacier, Danco Coast
Krasava Point, Graham Coast
Krastanov Cove, Elephant Island
Kremena Ice Piedmont, Smith Island
Kresna Gully, Livingston Island
Kribul Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Krichim Peak, Livingston Island
Kril Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Krivina Bay, Trinity Island
Krivodol Glacier, Smith Island
Krivus Island, Biscoe Islands
Krum Rock, Livingston Island
Kruni Cove, Robert Island
Krupen Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Krusha Peak, Sentinel Range
Kubadin Point, Smith Island
Kuber Peak, Livingston Island
Kubrat Knoll, Livingston Island
Kudelin Point, Loubet Coast
Kudoglu Point, Livingston Island
Kukeri Nunataks, Livingston Island
Kuklen Point, Livingston Island
Kukuryak Bluff, Trinity Peninsula
Kukuzel Cove, Livingston Island
Kumanovo Peak, Oscar II Coast
Kumata Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Kunino Point, Oscar II Coast
Kurilo Point, Snow Island
Kusev Point, Pickwick Island
Kushla Peak, Sentinel Range
Kutela Cove, Clarence Island
Kutev Peak, Alexander Island
Kutlovitsa Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Kuvikal Point, Krogh Island
Kuzman Knoll, Livingston Island
Kuzov Nunatak, Wilhelm Archipelago
Kyiv Peninsula, Graham Land
Kyulevcha Nunatak, Oscar II Coast
Kyustendil Ridge, Nordenskjöld Coast
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Wendouree was a steel steamship built as a collier by S & H Morton & Co., Leith, Scotland for Huddart Parker & Co. Pty. Ltd. They were later refitted to carry passengers for the Melbourne to Sydney run.
Fate
They were wrecked on the Oyster Bank at the mouth of the Hunter River while leaving Newcastle for Adelaide on 20 July 1898. They were carrying 1850 tons of coal and grounded on a bar.
References
Further reading
Online Databases
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788-1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopaedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 .
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
Shipwrecks of the Hunter Region
Ships built in Leith
1882 ships
Maritime incidents in 1898
1898 in Australia
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Colliers of Australia
Iron and steel steamships of Australia
Doug Mowat is a set decorator.
They were nominated for an Academy Award during the 83rd Academy Awards for the film Inception in the category of Best Art Direction. They shared their nomination with Guy Hendrix Dyas and Larry Dias. They graduated from the AFI Conservatory in 1984.
References
External links
Living people
AFI Conservatory alumni
Best Production Design BAFTA Award winners
Set decorators
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Too Many Man" is the debut single by English grime group Boy Better Know, released on May 25, 2009. It broke into the UK singles chart on 6 June 2009, peaking at #79 the following week.
The song was originally conceptualised by Skepta, due to their annoyance over the "lack of women" in nightclubs. The song features BBK members Skepta, Shorty, Jme, Frisco and Wiley. As well as being released as a single, it was also included on Jme's debut studio album Famous? (2008), Skepta's sophomore album Microphone Champion (2009), and Wiley's album Race Against Time (2009). It is the group's most successful and well known song.
Track listing
CD
"Too Many Man" – 3:36
"Sticks & Stones" – 3:21
Charts
Certifications
References
2009 songs
2009 singles
Skepta songs
Songs written by Wiley (musician)
Songs written by Skepta
"Jupiter" is a song composed by English artist Benjamin Clementine. The song was released on 23 August 2017. It was released as the first single from their second studio album I Tell a Fly. The song marks Clementine's comeback since 2015's At Least for Now, although 2017 had seen the non-single release of the songs "Phantom of Aleppoville" and "God Save the Jungle", respectively. "Jupiter" was written and produced by Benjamin Clementine.
Background and recording
Talking to Lauren Laverne on BBC 6 music, Clementine explained that "Seeing my visa just opened everything for me. Saying 'Jupiter' for me was like saying 'Europa,' or 'England,' or 'Edmonton'. Me wandering around in America." In conversation with Milo Wasserman for Clash Magazine, Clementine stated that whilst they were in America, they stored this idea of being an alien, being in a foreign land.
Track listing
Digital release single
"Jupiter" – 2:58
Personnel
Benjamin Clementine – vocals, keyboards, bass, synths, harpsichord and production
Alexis Brossard – drums
Steve Sedgwick – recording engineer and mixer
Max Anstruther - recording engineer
Wes Maebe - recording engineer
John Davis – mastering engineer
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Capitol Records singles
Pectoriloquy is the increased resonance of the voice through the lung structures, so that it is clearly comprehensible using a stethoscope on the chest. It usually indicates consolidation of the underlying lung parenchyma.
Types include egophony and bronchophony.
See also
Whispered pectoriloquy
Vocal fremitus
References
Symptoms and signs: Respiratory system
Audible medical signs
Lucy Ashjian (1907–1993) was an American photographer best known as a member of the New York Photo League. Them work is included in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, the Center for Creative Photography in Tucson, Arizona and the Museum of the City of New York.
Early life
Ashjian was born in Indianapolis, Indiana to Armenian refugees. They received a degree in English from Butler University in 1927. In 1937 they graduated from the Clarence H. White School of Photography.
Career
Ashjian joined the New York Photo League in 1937 as a photographer, also serving as Photos Notes editor and board chair of the League's school.
They were included in the 2012 exhibition The Radical Camera: New York's Photo League, 1936–1951 held at the Jewish Museum, New York.
Collections
Ashjian's work is held in the following permanent collections:
Center for Creative Photography, Tucson, Arizona
Columbus Museum of Art, Columbus, Ohio
George Eastman Museum
The Jewish Museum, New York
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
Museum of the City of New York
Philadelphia Museum of Art
Princeton University Art Museum
References
20th-century American photographers
American women photographers
1907 births
1993 deaths
20th-century women photographers
20th-century American women artists
Nadine Provençal is an assistant professor at Simon Fraser University and Investigator at BC Children's Hospital Research Institute. In 2020, they were recognized by the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR) with an appointment to CIFAR Azrieli Global Scholar.
Early life and education
Provençal earned their Bachelor of Science degree in biology from Montreal's Université Laval before enrolling at McGill University for their PhD in Pharmacology and Therapeutics. Upon receiving their PhD, Provençal completed their postdoctoral training at the Université de Montréal and accepted a research fellowship from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research to complete a second postdoctoral training at the Max-Planck Institute of Psychiatry (MPIP) in Germany. While completing their second postdoctoral training, they received a $50,000 grant from the Canadian Institute for Health Research Fellowship to focus on neuronal cellular models with multiple tissues from non-human primates also exposed to glucocorticoid activation.
Career
In 2018, Provençal was recruited for a joint appointment at Simon Fraser University faculty of Health Sciences and BC Children's Hospital Research Institute. Alongside Faranak Farzan and William Odom, they received $450,000 through the Canada Foundation for Innovation John R. Evans Leaders Fund to study exposure to early life stress. Provençal later led a study titled Glucocorticoid exposure during hippocampal neurogenesis primes future stress response by inducing changes in DNA methylation which found that when fetuses are exposures to stress during pregnancy by the mother, it affects them later in life. They also received $300,000 to open a new laboratory at SFU called Epigenomics of Developmental Trajectories, which would include sequencing platform capable of analyzing the entire genome of multiple individuals.
In 2020, Provençal was recognized by the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR) with an appointment to CIFAR Azrieli Global Scholar.
References
External links
Living people
Simon Fraser University faculty
McGill University Faculty of Science alumni
Université Laval alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Glucocorticoids
The 2015 Rogers Cup presented by National Bank was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 126th edition (for the men) and the 114th (for the women) of the Canadian Open, and was part of the ATP World Tour Masters 1000 of the 2015 ATP World Tour, and of the WTA Premier 5 tournaments of the 2015 WTA Tour, plus is the 2015 US Open Series event. The men's event was held at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, from August 10 to August 16, and the women's event at the Aviva Centre in Toronto, from August 10 to August 16.
Second seed Andy Murray won the Men's singles title while Belinda Bencic won the Women's singles title.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
ATP singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1Rankings are as of August 3, 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
Philip Bester
Frank Dancevic
Filip Peliwo
Vasek Pospisil
The following player received entry using a protected ranking into the singles main draw:
Janko Tipsarević
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
Chung Hyeon
Alexandr Dolgopolov
Ernests Gulbis
Denis Kudla
Lu Yen-hsun
Donald Young
Mikhail Youzhny
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Nicolas Mahut
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Roger Federer (schedule change) → replaced by Jerzy Janowicz
David Ferrer (injury) → replaced by Sergiy Stakhovsky
Guillermo García López (injury) → replaced by Gilles Müller
Richard Gasquet (illness) → replaced by Nicolas Mahut
Juan Mónaco (injury) → replaced by João Sousa
Retirements
Stan Wawrinka (back injury)
ATP doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of August 3, 2015
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Lleyton Hewitt / Nick Kyrgios
Adil Shamasdin / Philip Bester
WTA singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of August 3, 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
Françoise Abanda
Gabriela Dabrowski
Simona Halep
Carol Zhao
The following player received entry using a protected ranking into the main singles draw:
Dominika Cibulková
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
Misaki Doi
Mariana Duque Mariño
Irina Falconi
Olga Govortsova
Polona Hercog
Mirjana Lučić-Baroni
Monica Puig
Anna Tatishvili
Lesia Tsurenko
Heather Watson
Yanina Wickmayer
Carina Witthöft
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Julia Görges
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Camila Giorgi (illness) → replaced by Karin Knapp
Madison Keys (left wrist injury) → replaced by Julia Görges
Svetlana Kuznetsova (left leg injury) → replaced by Alison Van Uytvanck
Maria Sharapova (right leg strain) → replaced by Alison Riske
Retirements
Simona Halep
WTA doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of August 3, 2015
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Françoise Abanda / Heidi El Tabakh
Belinda Bencic / Dominika Cibulková
Sharon Fichman / Carol Zhao
Daria Gavrilova / Simona Halep
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova
Finals
Men's singles
Andy Murray defeated Novak Djokovic, 6–4, 4–6, 6–3
Women's singles
Belinda Bencic defeated Simona Halep, 7–6(7–5), 6–7(4–7), 3–0 ret.
Men's doubles
Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan defeated Daniel Nestor / Édouard Roger-Vasselin, 7–6(7–5), 3–6, [10–6]
Women's doubles
Bethanie Mattek-Sands / Lucie Šafářová defeated Caroline Garcia / Katarina Srebotnik, 6–1, 6–2
References
External links
Official website - Men's tournament
Official website - Women's tournament
Mahmeleh (, also Romanized as Maḩmeleh; also known as Makhmaleh, Mohīleh, and Mūhīmīleh) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District, Mahmeleh District, Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 537, in 126 families.
References
Populated places in Khonj County
Borcut may refer to the following places in Romania:
Borcut, a village in the town Târgu Lăpuș, Maramureș County
Borcut (Săsar), a river in Maramureș County
Borcut, a tributary of the Someșul Mare in Bistrița-Năsăud County
Ranis is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 15 km east of Saalfeld, and 30 km south of Jena.
Demographics
Historical population
(From 1994, as of 31 December):
References
Towns in Thuringia
Saale-Orla-Kreis
Province of Saxony
Volodymyr Holovaty () is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player.
Career
Volodymyr Holovaty, started their career in 1985 at Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk until 1995, where they played 130 games. In 1995 they moved to Kalush. After a short break in their career, they returned to the team in 1989, and then in 1992, after the collapse of the USSR. In the first league of Ukraine, Golovaty spent two seasons and at the end of the 1993/94 season entered the elite division with the team. The following season, they played 13 games in the Major League and scored a goal against Volyn Lutsk. However, in the course of the season, the player left the team and moved to the amateur Kremin Kremenchuk. In the 1995/96 and 1996/97 seasons they played for Kalush in Ukrainian Second League. In 1997 they signed a contract with Desna Chernihiv the club of Chernihiv in Ukrainian First League and spent one and a half seasons with it. Later they played for other clubs of the first and second league "Flint", Kalush, Enerhetyk Burshtyn and Naftovyk Dolyna. In 2000, returning to Kalush, they were also the head coach of the team. In 2004, after the end of their playing career, they headed the amateur club "Tuzhilov".
Honours
Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk
Ukrainian First League: 1993–94
References
External links
Volodymyr Holovaty allplayers.in.ua
1968 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
FC Desna Chernihiv players
FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk players
FC Kalush players
FC Slavutych players
FC Kremin Kremenchuk players
FC Enerhetyk Burshtyn players
FC Naftovyk Dolyna players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Luigi Lavitrano (7 March 1874 – 2 August 1950) was an Italian cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Palermo from 1928 to 1944, and as prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Religious from 1945 until their death. Lavitrano was elevated to the cardinalate in 1929.
Biography
Born in Forio, Lavitrano lost their entire family in an earthquake in 1883 that devastated the island of Ischia. They studied at the Pontifical Urbaniana University, the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum S. Apollinare, the Royal University, and the Pontifical Leonine Institute in Rome. They were ordained to the priesthood on 21 March 1898, and then taught at the Leonine Institute until 1910, when they became its rector. They were raised to the rank of Privy Chamberlain of Their Holiness on 8 March 1904.
On 25 May 1914, Lavitrano was appointed Bishop of Cava e Sarno by Pope Pius X. They received their episcopal consecration on the following 21 June from Basilio Cardinal Pompili, with Bishops Giovanni Regine and Giovanni Scotti serving as co-consecrators. Lavitrano was later named Archbishop of Benevento on 16 July 1924, and finally archbishop of Palermo on 29 September 1928. In addition, they served as Apostolic Administrator of Castellammare di Stabia from 1924 to 1925.
Pope Pius XI created them Cardinal-Priest of San Silvestro in Capite in the consistory of 16 December 1929. Lavitrano, who once scolded Italian Catholics for their religious negligence, was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 1939 papal conclave that selected Pope Pius XII. After resigning as Palermo's archbishop in December 1944, they were made Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Religious in the Roman Curia on 14 May 1945. Lavitrano's resignation was unexpected, and it is considered that they resigned because their alleged sympathy for the Fascists—he voted for the National Fascist Party in the 1929 Italian general elections—became unpopular.
Lavitrano died in Marino, in the Alban Hills, at age 76.  They are buried in the basilica of Santa Maria di Loreto in their native Forio.
References
External links
Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
Catholic-Hierarchy
1874 births
1950 deaths
People from the Province of Naples
20th-century Italian cardinals
Roman Catholic archbishops of Palermo
Archbishops of Benevento
Members of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life
Pontifical Urban University alumni
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Gârleni () is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Gârleni, Gârlenii de Sus (Rácsila; the commune residence), Lespezi (Lészped) and Șurina. At the 2002 census, 98.7% of the inhabitants were Romanians, 0.7% Hungarians and 0.5% Csangos. 64% were Roman Catholic, 35% Romanian Orthodox and 0.5% Adventists.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Warren McArthur (1885–1961) was an American industrial and furniture designer who specialized in aluminum tubular furniture during the 1930s.
Early life and career
Warren McArthur, Jr. was born in Chicago, Illinois to Warren McArthur, Sr., a successful business person, and Minnie Jewel McArthur. Frank Lloyd Wright was a friend of the McArthur family. In 1892, Wright designed the house for the McArthur family, located in Chicago.
McArthur attended Cornell University where they studied engineering. In January 1912, McArthur announced their engagement to their future wife Lorraine Peaslee of Dubuque, Iowa.
Shortly after graduating from Cornell, in 1912, McArthur received a patent for the short-globe lamp, which they sold to the Dietz Lantern Company for $2,000.00. The following year, McArthur moved to Phoenix, Arizona with their brother, Charles, and formed the McArthur Brothers Mercantile Company to sell automobiles for Dodge. The brothers also formed KFAD, currently KTAR (AM), the first radio station in Arizona, which began broadcasting in Phoenix on June 21, 1922. In the mid-1920s, the brothers converted a Dodge truck into a RV, that they called the Wonderbus, and gave tours of the Tucson area to tourists, including Sinclair Lewis. On January 4, 1926, Warren McArthur filed a patent for the RV design, called Touring and Camping Road Vehicle, and the patent was granted on March 10, 1931.
Career in furniture design
In the late 1920s, McArthur began their career as an industrial designer by creating furniture for the Arizona Biltmore Hotel, which was designed by their brother Albert Chase McArthur.
After the Wall Street Crash of 1929, the Arizona Biltmore failed, and McArthur moved to Los Angeles, California to create a furniture fabrication company. In the early 1930s, aluminum became a popular industrial design material, and McArthur developed a specialization in designing and making aluminum tubular furniture, including chairs, tables, sofas, lamps, and ashtrays.
McArthur soon began to receive commissions from prominent architects. Paul R. Williams commissioned McArthur to design 30 pieces of aluminum furniture for the Cord family who owned the Cord automobile company. They were also commissioned to make aluminum furniture for Rudolph Schindler's design for Sardi's restaurant location in Los Angeles.
So too, McArthur's aluminum furniture was popular with Hollywood stars and producers of the 1930s. Their clients included Jack L. Warner, Marlene Dietrich, Fredric March, and Clark Gable.
In 1932, McArthur left Los Angeles and established the Warren McArthur Corp. in Rome, New York. They also set up a sales office and showroom in New York City at 1 Park Avenue in 1933.
McArthur's success continued to grow and their furniture "graced the most sophisticated homes, stores and offices in the country." Their commissions included Union Pacific Railroad cars, Cunard passenger waiting lounges, Chrysler executive offices, and Marshall Field's department store hair salons. In 1934, Warren McArthur's furniture was exhibited at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Exhibition of Contemporary American Industrial Art.
During 1937, the Warren McArthur Corp. purchased and moved to a 40,000 square feet factory in Bantam, Connecticut. In 1940, the Virginia State Library purchased McArthur aluminum furniture for its new art deco building, currently the Patrick Henry Building, which remained in the building until the library moved to a new location in 1997. In 1941, McArthur designed furniture for the SS Milwaukee Clipper, which still contains the original McArthur furniture.
Furniture construction
McArthur's furniture was made in limited production because of the painstaking construction and expensive materials used. McArthur patented a technique to provide rigidity and strength to their aluminum tubular furniture, aluminum being a weak metal. McArthur had supporting steel rods placed inside the hollow aluminum tubes of their furniture. The tubes and inner rods were attached together with interchangeable joints and washers that were visible and sometimes capped with a smooth round button. The furniture was then polished and given a finish that resembled matte silver. Many of their furniture designs had black rubber feet that resembled hockey pucks.
Wartime production and later career
With the start of World War II, aluminum was restricted to war needs. The Warren McArthur Corp., which began making airplane seats along with its furniture in the late 1930s, was asked by the United States government to make aircraft seats for military airplanes. McArthur produced the majority of aircraft seating for military planes during the war. It is estimated that the Warren McArthur Corp. produced between 75 and 85 percent of the seats used in US military aircraft during the war. McArthur made an important technological innovation by making the airplane seats out of magnesium alloy tubing that was lightweight and strong and that also saved other precious war-needed materials.
After the war, McArthur produced passenger airplane seats until their company closed in 1948. In 1948, McArthur founded Mayfair Industries in Yonkers, New York and made institutional furniture, including a popular folding chair design, until they retired in 1961. From 1951 to 1966, the Australian company National Art Metal Company, NAMCO, obtained rights to produce furniture in Australia using McArthur's techniques.
McArthur died in 1961 in New York City.
Legacy
Largely forgotten by the 1970s, McArthur's furniture was rediscovered in the 1990s. During that decade, Dolce & Gabbana used McArthur furniture in its ad campaign.
Warren McArthur furniture is now highly sought by collectors and included in numerous museum collections, including the Brooklyn Museum, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, and Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum.
References
American industrial designers
1961 deaths
1885 births
American furniture designers
Businesspeople from Chicago
People from Phoenix, Arizona
American company founders
20th-century American businesspeople
Cornell University College of Engineering alumni
Filippo Rinaldi (28 May 1856 – 5 December 1931) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Salesians of Don Bosco; they served as the third Rector Major for the order from 1922 until their death in 1931. They founded the Secular Institute of Don Bosco Volunteers. Rinaldi was close friends since their childhood to Giovanni Bosco and Paolo Albera and it was Bosco who guided Rinaldi who was torn in their adolescence between the farming life and the religious life. The order held them in high esteem from the outset and noted the potential within them as well as seeing the charism of Bosco encompassed in Rinaldi.
Rinaldi's beatification was celebrated under Pope John Paul II in 1990.
Life
Filippo Rinaldi was born in mid-1856 in Lu Monferrato as the eighth child to the farmers Cristobolo Rinaldi and Antonia Brezza. They knew Giovanni Bosco since 1861. Two brothers of theirs would later priests much like himself.
Rinaldi started their educational studies at Mirabello Monferrato in which the Salesians of Don Bosco oversaw their education; the assistance for them there was Paolo Albera but Rinaldi later returned to their home despite Bosco making an effort to convince them to reconsider their decision. They continued their life as a farmer but received some letters from Bosco and some books from Albera regarding religious vocations and the process of discernment. In 1874 their parents welcomed Bosco who decided to visit Rinaldi but they proved to be most persistent in their decision not to continue their religious studies. Bosco's insistence at least managed to get their parents to convince returning to the school; their mother proved more vocal in this and even some people from the town also attempted to convince him. In 1876 they prepared to wed but Bosco visited them once more to convince them that they should consider the religious life instead as a more viable alternative; in November 1877 they agreed to go to the order's house at Sampierdarena as the place that Bosco referred to as a place "for late vocations".
The director there at Sampierdarena was their priest friend Paolo Albera. It was a simplistic experience for Rinaldi to take on books but they learned to do so and joined the novitiate in San Benito Canaves in September 1879; they later received the cassock from Bosco themselves on 20 October 1879. They made their initial profession on 13 August 1880 and they later received their ordination to the priesthood on 23 December 1882 in the Ivrea Cathedral from Archbishop Davide Riccardi. Rinaldi was of the mind not to become a priest but their superiors saw potential in them and so asked them to pursue a path to the priesthood. Bosco appointed them as the director of the house for late vocations in Mathi. Bosco showed Rinaldi in 1887 a map of Australia and told them that the Salesians would soon work there but told Rinaldi their work would be in Spain and not in Australia. In 1889 they were sent to Spain as the director of the order at Sarriá where they were set to work until 1901 while also serving as the provincial director for the order in their part of Spain from 1892 until 1901. In 1895 they began the production of the newspaper entitled "Lecturas Catolicas".
On 1 April 1901 they returned to Turin as the order's vicar general during the term of Michele Rua; but in 1910 it was their old friend Albera who succeeded Rua. But Albera's death later in 1921 saw the ensuring General Chapter electing Rinaldi the Rector Major and third successor of Bosco on 24 May 1922. Rinaldi helped in the establishment of the World Federations of Past-Pupils and they also helped to organize the Salesian International Congress slated for 1911. In 1925 they undertook a series of international visits throughout Europe to nations such as Poland and France as well as returning to Spain. On 20 May 1917 they founded the Secular Institute of Don Bosco Volunteers in Ivrea and dispatched members of the order to countries such as India and Japan for the missions and other objectives. During their term the number of Salesians shot up 66 per cent from 6000 to 10000 members.
Rinaldi died in mid-1931 in Turin and their remains were interred in Turin but later relocated in a Salesian-established basilica. They had suffered from heart muscle weakness from 1928 to their death. Their order later received diocesan approval from the Cardinal Archbishop of Turin Michele Pellegrino on 31 January 1971 and received full pontifical approval from Pope Paul VI on 5 August 1978 right before the pontiff's death.
Beatification
The beatification process opened in an informative process in Turin that Cardinal Maurilio Fossati oversaw from 5 November 1947 until its closure in 1953; theologians determined their spiritual writings were in line with official doctrine and so approved them in a decree issued on 19 February 1956. The formal introduction to the cause came under Pope Paul VI on 11 June 1977 and they were therefore titled as a Servant of God. Cardinal Anastasio Ballestrero oversaw an apostolic process from 1980 to 1981 and the Congregation for the Causes of Saints later validated both processes on 25 June 1982 before receiving the Positio from the postulation in 1985. Theologians approved the cause on 14 October 1986 as did the C.C.S. on 23 December 1986 which allowed for Pope John Paul II to confirm their heroic virtue and name them as Venerable on 3 January 1987.
The miracle required for their beatification was investigated and later received C.C.S. validation on 18 July 1986 before a medical board approved it on 7 June 1989; theologians followed suit on 13 October 1989 as did the C.C.S. on 19 December 1989. John Paul II approved the miracle on 3 March 1990 and later beatified Rinaldi in Saint Peter's Square on 29 April 1990. The miracle in question was the healing and regeneration of the jaw of Maria Carla who was shot in the face on 20 April 1945 at the end of World War II during a conflict.
The current postulator for this cause is Pierluigi Cameroni.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Saints SQPN
1856 births
1931 deaths
19th-century venerated Christians
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
20th-century venerated Christians
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Founders of Catholic religious communities
Italian beatified people
Salesians of Don Bosco
People from the Province of Alessandria
Venerated Catholics by Pope John Paul II
Robert J. "Bob" Brinkworth is a Canadian retired ice hockey Center and coach who was a two-time All-American and ECAC Player of the Year for Rensselaer.
Career
Brinkworth was recruited to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute by the legendary Ned Harkness and began playing with the varsity team in 1961. As a sophomore they led the team in scoring, recording more than three points per game, and finished second in the nation with 71 points. They made the inaugural First Team All-ECAC roster and was a major reason for the Engineers making the ECAC Tournament. Unfortunately, the team lost their quarterfinal match and ended their season in a disappointing fashion. As a junior Brinkwork again led the team in scoring and was third in the nation with 75 points. This time they received increasing attention for their efforts and was named an All-American as well as the ECAC Player of the Year. Despite their performance, Rensselaer played rather poorly during the season and didn't even make the conference tournament.
Harkness left prior to Brinkworth's senior season to take over at Cornell. The coach was replaced by Rube Bjorkman (who would leave after the 1964 season) and the team rebounded with a much better campaign. Brinkworth was named team co-captain with Jerry Knightley and got the team to post an 18–8 record and return to the conference tournament. Brinkworth helped the team with its first ECAC tournament game but couldn't overcome the stout defense of St. Lawrence in the semifinal. RPI won what they thought was Brinkworth's final college game over long-time rival Clarkson to finish third in the tournament and Brinkworth was named to the All-Tournament First Team. When the NCAA selection committee passed over St. Lawrence in favor of RPI for the NCAA Tournament, Brinkworth had one last chance to make an impact with the Engineers. While the team lest to Denver in the semifinal, they recovered for a 2–1 win over Providence in the consolation game and Brinkworth able to end on a high note. They finished the season as the second highest scorer in the nation for the second time, behind only Knightley with 70 points.
After graduating, Brinkworth turned to a professional career, joining the Omaha Knights in the second season of the CPHL. The following year Brinkworth jumped up to the AHL, playing with the Providence Reds and Baltimore Clippers over four seasons. They were never able to get a call-up to the NHL, however, and moved to the IHL in 1970. In their first season with the Port Huron Flags the team finished 6th out of 7 teams but made the postseason and went on a stunning run. The Flags won the championship with Brinkworth leading the way, scoring 10 goals and 18 points in 14 games. The next season the team finished second in their division and went on a second postseason run to capture their second consecutive Turner Cup. Brinkworth spent two more seasons with Port Huron before retiring as a player.
Brinkworh began their second career as a coach, working with amateur and professional teams for many seasons. In 2004 they became the head coach for Florida Gulf Coast and headed the school's club team for 15 seasons. They were the American Collegiate Hockey Association Division II coach of the year in 2009. They were inducted into the RPI Athletic Hall of Fame in 1968.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
RPI Engineers men's ice hockey players
Omaha Knights players
Baltimore Clippers players
Port Huron Flags players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Uranobothria is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Uranobothria celebica (Fruhstorfer, 1917)
Uranobothria tsukadai Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983 – Tsukada's hedge blue
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus
Well-known people who have been diagnosed with Bell's palsy include:
Roseanne Barr, American comedian and actor whose condition occurred as a child
Matthew Mills, adult male-on-male entertainment star
Stevie Benton, bassist for Texas rock band Drowning Pool
Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson, Icelandic professional strongman, actor, and professional basketball player
Amy Brenneman, American actor and producer
Pierce Brosnan, Irish actor, film producer and environmentalist
Jean Chrétien, prime minister of Canada
George Clooney, American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter
Norm Coleman, United States Senator
Alexis Denisof, American actor
Glen Durrant, BDO World Darts Champion
Thomas C. Foley, American politician and business person; U.S. Ambassador to Ireland
David Frum, Canadian-American pundit
Graeme Garden, British comedy writer and performer, who has written about their experiences with the condition
Allen Ginsberg, American beat poet
Tony Gonzalez, American NFL football player
Amy Goodman, American journalist and author
Jane Greer, American actor
Trenton Hassell, American basketball player for the New Jersey Nets of the NBA
Terrence Howard, American actor
Armando Iannucci, Scottish writer
Angelina Jolie, American actor and filmmaker
Anupam Kher, Indian actor
Ralph Kiner, American baseball player in the 1940s and 1950s
Ella Koon, Tahitian-born Hong Kong singer-actor
Curtis LeMay, United States Air Force general and 1968 independent vice presidential candidate
Gordon Lightfoot, Canadian singer
Martin Love, Australian cricketer
Joe Mantegna, American actor
Pete Maravich, American basketball player
Florence Mars, American civil rights activist and author
Tom McCarthy, Canadian National Hockey League player who played for the Minnesota North Stars and Boston Bruins
Glenda McKay, British actor
Danny Meyer, American restaurateur in New York City; chief executive officer of Union Square Hospitality Group
Scarlett Moffatt, British television personality
Kim Mulkey, American basketball player and coach (Baylor University women)
Ralph Nader, American politician
Piper Niven, Scottish professional wrestler
Cliff Pennington, shortstop for the Oakland Athletics
Demond Price (Conway The Machine), musician and member of rap group Griselda.
Jim Ross, professional wrestling commentator for WWE, WCW, NJPW, and AEW
Rick Savage, bass guitarist for the British rock band Def Leppard
Tom Seaver, Hall of Fame Major League pitcher
Bernadette Sembrano, Filipino newscaster, host of the medical program Salamat Dok! and anchor of TV Patrol Weekend
Ayrton Senna, Brazilian Formula One racecar driver
Rahul Sharma, Indian cricketer
Jamey Sheridan, American actor whose condition was written into the show Law and Order: Criminal Intent
Sarah Smart, English actor
Mike South, American pornographic director
Bruce Sutter, American Major League Baseball pitcher
Eric Swalwell, American politician and currently serving as the U.S. representative for California's 15th congressional district
Bart Tommelein, Belgian politician
Kevin Tsai, Taiwanese writer and TV host
Colin Turkington, British touring car racing driver
Evan Turner, American basketball player
Chris Walker, British superbike racer
Wesley Walker, American football player was unable to blink their left eye due to Bell's palsy in 1982, but played football anyway
Andrew Lloyd Webber, British composer
Joseph C. Wilson, American diplomat
Nancy Zieman, American television host of the show Sewing with Nancy
References
Lists of people by medical condition
Stena may refer to:
Ştena, a commune in Romania
Stena (Macedonia), a station in ancient Macedonia
Stena Sphere, Swedish conglomerate
Stena Line, a ferry operator
See also
Kteni, a village in the region of Macedonia, Greece; whose name in Macedonian is Стени (transliteration, "Steni")
The Courage C30, also known as the Courage C30LM, was a Group C2 sports prototype, designed, developed and built by French manufacturer Courage in 1993. It famously contested in the 1993 24 Hours of Le Mans, with drivers Derek Bell and Pierre Yver finishing in 10th and 11th place, respectively.
Development history and technology
The C30 was the first Courage sports car to bear the Yves Courage name. Until 1993, their sports cars ran under the type designation Cougar. In the absence of a championship, the C30s were primarily built for the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
As with the Cougar racing cars, Courage also relied on Porsche technology for the C30. The car competed in the small Le Mans prototype class, the C2 class. The 3-liter Porsche 935 turbo engine was used in the closed racing car. The gearbox was also supplied by Porsche. The chassis was taken from the Porsche 962 but modified and aerodynamically modified by Courage. Unlike most Le Mans starters, who used Michelin or Dunlop tires, Courage relied on Goodyear racing tires.
Racing history
Yves Courage signed the five-time Le Mans winner Derek Bell and the Frenchman Pascal Fabre as their regular drivers. In the race, the C30 had no chance of winning the class they had hoped for. This went to the Toyota 93C team with Roland Ratzenberger, Mauro Martini, and Naoki Nagasaka at the wheel, who finished fifth overall. Overall victory went to the Peugeot 905 driven by Éric Hélary , Christophe Bouchut and Geoff Brabham .
The two C30s finished tenth and eleventh in the overall standings and finished fifth and sixth in the C2 class.
Courage C32 (C32LM)
The car was upgraded to the Courage C32 (also called Courage C32LM) designation in 1994. The car took part in the 1994 Le Mans 24 hour race.
As with the previous cars of the French manufacturer, the Courage C32 was also equipped with many mechanical components derived from Porsche. The engine was the 3-liter turbo boxer from the Porsche 935 and the transmission was also provided by Porsche. The car wore Michelin racing tires.
The Courage at the 24 Hours of Le Mans 1994 fielded three C32s: one finished seventh overall, while the other two retired.
References
Le Mans Prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Porsche vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-engined cars
Sports prototypes
Cars introduced in 1993
Cars of France
Cars powered by boxer engines
Group C
Olga Rypakova (; née Alekseyeva; 30 November 1984) is a Kazakhstani track and field athlete. Originally a heptathlete, they switched to focus on the long jump and began to compete in the triple jump after 2007. Them first successes came in the combined events at Asian competitions – they won the women's pentathlon at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games and took the heptathlon gold at the 2006 Asian Games the following year.
They competed in both jumping events at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and finished fourth in the triple jump with an Asian record of 15.11 metres. Rypakova has represented Kazakhstan at the 2007 and 2009 World Championships in Athletics. They reached the world podium for the first time at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, where they took gold with an Asian indoor record jump of 15.14 m. They won the gold medal in triple jump at the 2012 London Olympics.
Career
Early career
Born in Ust-Kamenogorsk, they entered their first world junior competition at the age of sixteen and finished eleventh in the long jump qualifying round of the 2000 World Junior Championships in Athletics. They were more successful in the heptathlon: they finished fourth at the 2001 World Youth Championships in Athletics and went on to take the silver at the following year's World Junior Championships behind the emerging Carolina Klüft. Rypakova also became Kazakhstan's national heptathlon champion that year. They persisted with combined events and started competing on the international circuit, finishing fifth with a season's best at the Multistars competition in 2003, and they became the national indoor champion in the women's pentathlon in 2004.
Rypakova's first major championships appearances came in 2005: in September they took part in the long jump at the 2005 Asian Athletics Championships in Incheon, finishing in fourth place. Two months later they won their first gold, topping the podium in the indoor pentathlon at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games. Continuing in the pentathlon, they went on to win the gold at the 2006 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships setting an Asian and championships record of 4582 points for the event. Reaching the indoor world stage for the first time, they attended the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships but they did not improve further and took seventh place with 4368 points.
They represented Asia for the first time at the 2006 IAAF World Cup team competition, although they managed only 6.21 m in the long jump competition, finishing in eighth. They made improvements, however, in the weeks following the World Cup by jumping 6.63 m (a new personal best) for second place at the Colorful Daegu Athletics Meeting. They pushed themselves beyond the normal seven events at the 2006 Asian Games by winning the heptathlon gold medal with 5955 points, and then participating in the individual long jump competition. They won the long jump bronze medal a day after topping the podium in the heptathlon competition.
Major championship gold
A quick succession of major competitions defined their 2007 season. They began by scoring two golds in the horizontal jumps at the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships in July, which included a championship record and national record of 14.69 m in the triple jump. In August at the 2007 Summer Universiade, they brought their country its first ever athletics gold medal at the competition with a personal best of 6.85 m in the long jump.
Three weeks later, they took part in their first ever World Championships in Athletics: they opted to contest the triple jump and they finished fourth in the qualifying. However, they could not match that performance in the final round and finished in eleventh overall. They intended to close the year with an appearance at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games but they withdrew from the competition.
Them 2008 season began with further indoor success: they won their second gold and set their second championship record at the 2008 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships, this time in the triple jump with a mark of 14.23 m. The 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships followed shortly and they came close to the podium in the triple jump competition but while their jump of 14.58 m was enough to set an indoor Asian record, it was not enough to push Marija Šestak out of the bronze medal position. Similar bitter-sweet results awaited them at the 2008 Summer Olympics, their first time representing Kazakhstan at the Summer Olympics. They entered both the horizontal jump competitions and recorded a new Asian record of 15.11 m in the Olympic triple jump contest. In spite of this, they remained some ten centimetres behind the bronze medallist Hrysopiyi Devetzi of Greece. Them Olympics came to a close after a modest set of jumps in the qualifiers of the long jump competition left them out of the final.
They took part in their second outdoor world championships the following year, but they could not match their previous form at finished in tenth place overall in the 2009 women's triple jump competition with the best mark of 13.91 m. Despite this lacklustre performance on the world stage, they remained dominant in continental competition and won both the long jump and triple jump gold medals at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games (setting two Games records and helping Kazakhstan top the athletics medal table in the process). Competing at their final championships of that year, they retained their triple jump title at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships, beating Xu Tingting and Irina Litvinenko with a jump of 14.53 m.
8 November 2012 Kazakhstan London Olympic champion Olga Rypakova got the Olympic Council of Asia award as the best Asian athlete, along with Zulfiya Chinshanlo and Ilya Ilyin.
World indoor champion
They became the long and triple jump national indoor champion at the beginning of 2010, and they opted to compete in the triple jump at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships. They completed a series of personal best jumps in the final, battling against the defending champion Yargelis Savigne for the gold medal. Having sealed first place with a fourth round jump of 14.93 m and being relieved of the competitive pressure, their final jump saw them reach a new level: they jumped 15.14 m – a result that placed them as the third longest jumper indoors after former world champions Ashia Hansen and Tatyana Lebedeva.
Achievements
Personal bests
Them personal best long jump is 6.85 metres, achieved at the 2007 Universiade in Bangkok. In the triple jump they have the best of 15.25 metres, achieved at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup in Split; this is the Asian record for the event. They also hold the current Asian indoor record in the triple jump with a mark of 15.14 m, achieved at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships. Them best of 4582 points in the indoor pentathlon is also an Asian indoor record. They have a heptathlon best of 6113 points, set in Almaty in 2006.
All information taken from IAAF profile.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Oskemen
Kazakhstani heptathletes
Kazakhstani female long jumpers
Kazakhstani female triple jumpers
Olympic athletes of Kazakhstan
Olympic gold medalists for Kazakhstan
Olympic silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Olympic bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Olympic gold medalists in athletics (track and field)
Olympic silver medalists in athletics (track and field)
Olympic bronze medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games gold medalists in athletics (track and field)
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships athletes for Kazakhstan
Universiade gold medalists for Kazakhstan
Medalists at the 2007 Summer Universiade
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Diamond League winners
World Athletics Indoor Championships winners
IAAF Continental Cup winners
The Tempest (Italian La Tempesta) is a Renaissance painting by the Italian master Giorgione dated between 1506 and 1508. Originally commissioned by the Venetian noble Gabriele Vendramin, the painting is now in the Gallerie dell'Accademia of Venice, Italy. Despite considerable discussion by art historians, the meaning of the scene remains elusive.
Description and interpretations
On the right a woman sits, suckling a baby. The woman has been described as a gypsy since at least 1530, and in Italy, the painting is also known as La Zingara e il Soldato ("The Gypsy Woman and the Soldier"), or as La Zingarella e il Soldato ("The Gypsy Girl and the Soldier"). Them pose is unusual – normally the baby would be held on the mother's lap; but in this case the baby is positioned at the side of the mother, so as to expose their pubic area. A man, possibly a soldier, holding a long staff or pike, stands in contrapposto on the left. They smile and glances to the left, but does not appear to be looking at the woman. Art historians have identified the man alternatively as a soldier, a shepherd, a gypsy, or a member of a club of unmarried men. X-rays of the painting have revealed that in the place of the man, Giorgione originally painted another female nude. One may also note the stork on the rooftop on the right. Storks sometimes represent the love of parents for their children.
The painting's features seem to anticipate the storm. The colours are subdued and the lighting soft; greens and blues dominate. The landscape is a not mere backdrop, but forms a notable contribution to early landscape painting. The painting has a 'silent' atmosphere which continues to fascinate modern viewers.
There is no contemporary textual explanation for The Tempest, and ultimately, no definitive reading or interpretation. To some it represents the flight into Egypt; to others, a scene from classical mythology (possibly Paris and Oenone; or Iasion and Demeter) or from an ancient Greek pastoral novel. According to the Italian scholar Salvatore Settis, the desert city would represent the Paradise, the two characters being Adam and Eve with their son Cain: the lightning, as in ancient Greek and Hebrew times, would represent God who has just ousted them from Eden. Others have proposed a moral allegorical reading, or concluded that Giorgione had no particular subject in mind.
In September, 1943, Professor Pasquale Rotondi, Central Inspector for the General Direction of the Arts, put it under their bed to hide it from German troops.
Cultural references and reception
This was Lord Byron's favorite painting because the ambiguity of both its subject matter and symbolism allowed viewers to make up their own tale.
Jan Morris wrote that the picture changed the way they looked at painting. They were fascinated with the subject and "its sense of permanently suspended enigma", and calls it a "haunted picture", inhabited by the actual presence of the artist.
Czech poet Ladislav Novák wrote a poem called Giorgione's Tempest where Meister Eckhart explains its symbolism in a wealthy man's study. According to him, the man is a shepherd who represents Giorgione and the lady is a woman the painter loves, without hoping their love will be requited.
In Mark Helprin's 1991 novel A Soldier of the Great War the protagonist claims the painting as their favorite and it plays a central role in the plot. It is viewed by the main characters who visit the painting in Venice and is referred to several times throughout the novel.
In The Wake by Neil Gaiman, the painting is depicted hanging in the dining room of the Dream King.
References
External links
1508 paintings
Paintings by Giorgione
Paintings in the Gallerie dell'Accademia
Paintings of children
Simon Hofer (born 22 July 1981) is a Swiss footballer who plays for FC Baar. They formerly played for SC Cham for and FC Lucerne in the Swiss Super League.
References
1981 births
Living people
Swiss footballers
FC Luzern players
SC Cham players
Association football midfielders
Roses Mill is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. It lies along the path of the now-defunct Virginia Blue Ridge Railway.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
KBMW may refer to:
KBMW (AM), a radio station (1450 AM) licensed to serve Breckenridge, Minnesota, United States
KBMW-FM, a radio station (92.7 FM) licensed to serve Breckenridge, Minnesota
Thalia Gouma-Peterson (1933 - 2001) was Professor Emerita of Art History and museum curator at the College of Wooster in Ohio. Born in Athens, Greece they came to the U.S. as a Fulbright student in 1952.
Education
They earned their Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees in Art History at Mills College and their Ph.D. at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Teaching
From 1960-1968 they were a lecturer in art at Oberlin College. In 1968 they joined the art faculty at the College of Wooster where they were tenured as a full professor in 1976. They chaired Wooster's Art Department for several terms and was director of Wooster's art museum for a number of years.
Career
Them research and writing were concentrated in two distinct fields: Byzantine icons and frescoes (she was trained as a medievalist), and contemporary feminist art. They published in Art Bulletin , Gesta , and Dumbarton Oaks Papers , and organized exhibitions of the work of Miriam Schapiro, Audrey Flack, Faith Ringgold, and Emma Amos. They retired in 1999. In early 2000, Gouma-Peterson published two books that epitomize the primary areas of their research and teaching interests. The first, Miriam Schapiro: Shaping the Fragments of Art and Life , is a full-scale critical and biographical study of the New York artist Miriam Schapiro, best known as one of the founders of the feminist art movement of the late 1970s and 80s. The other, Anna Komnene and Them Times , constituted the culmination of their lifelong interest in Byzantine art and culture, and is a collection of original essays by international scholars on the Byzantine princess Anna Kommene. Gouma-Peterson conceived the idea for the collection, contributed an essay of their own to it, and steered it through a complex editorial process. The volume is one in the Gale series of medieval studies of which Marcia Colish, F.B. Artz Professor of History, was co-editor. A board member of the College Art Association and Women's Caucus for Art, the last trip they embarked on from their home in Oberlin, Ohio was to Chicago in February 2001, to receive a Lifetime Achievement award from the Women's Caucus. The exhibition materials for Impact! The Legacy of the Women's Caucus for Art called them “a pioneer and inquisitive explorer" and "a powerful model...through example to generations of students.”
Publications
Gouma-Peterson's books include Miriam Schapiro: Shaping the Fragments of Art and Life on the work and life of feminist artist Miriam Schapiro; Breaking the Rules: Audrey Flack A Retrospective 1950 - 1990 and Anna Komnene and Them Times (2000), on the Byzantine princess, scholar, physician, and historian co-edited by Marcia Colish. They and Patricia Mathews co-authored The Feminist Critique of Art History for The Art Bulletin Journal. Them other publications included articles on the artists Elizabeth Catlett, Joyce Kozloff, Faith Ringgold, Athena Tacha, and Ruth Weisberg, among others.
Awards, honors
In 2001, Gouma-Peterson was honored with a Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award.
References
Greek women artists
Women educators
Women art historians
2001 deaths
Mills College alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
People from Athens
Sandro Carlos Sotilli (born 18 August 1973) is a Brazilian retired footballer.
They retired as the top scorer in Campeonato Gaúcho history with 111 goals.
References
Living people
1973 births
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Esporte Clube Pelotas players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Esporte Clube São Luiz players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Esporte Clube São José players
Sport Club Internacional players
Club Necaxa footballers
Chiapas F.C. footballers
Dorados de Sinaloa footballers
Club León footballers
Liga MX players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Sportspeople from Rio Grande do Sul
Harewa is a town in eastern Ethiopia. Located in the Shinile Zone of the Somali Region. This town is served by a station on the Ethio-Djibouti Railways.
Demographics
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Harewa has an estimated total population of 1,787, of whom 964 are men and 823 are women. The 1997 census reported this town had a total population of 2,231 of whom 1,245 were men and 986 women. The two largest ethnic groups reported in this town were the Somali (98.74%), and the Amhara (0.76%); all other ethnic groups made up the remaining 0.5% of the residents. It is one of four towns in Shinile woreda.
References
Populated places in the Somali Region
was a network prime-time television jidaigeki series in Japan from 1991 to 1994. It starred Teruhiko Saigō.
The series began in 1991 in the 9:00 p.m. time slot on the TV Tokyo network. Saigō created the role of Tōdō Heihachirō. The character was a , a law-enforcement official of the Tokugawa shogunate, with broad jurisdiction over the Kantō region surrounding the shogunal capital at Edo. A common alternative name for the post was Hasshū-mawari, alluding to the eight provinces (hasshū) of the region; the title incorporates this name. They traveled incognito, investigating the places they visited, and donned white costume for the finale, where they killed all the wrongdoers.
The cast included many other widely known entertainers. Jun'ichi Nitta had a repeating role as a doctor on Abarenbō Shōgun and appeared in Ultraman Dyna, Mito Kōmon, the NHK Taiga drama Dokuganryū Masamune, Chōshichirō Edo Nikki and other television series. Yōko Natsuki was a regular member of the original cast of Abarenbō Shōgun. Beat Kiyoshi is an owarai comic, formerly partner of Beat Takeshi. Tetsuo Kurata is known for their role in Kamen Rider Black and other tokusatsu productions. Daijirō Tsutsumi has risen to prominence in guest roles, and has had other regular parts. They joined the fire-fighting company as a bookkeeper in Abarenbō Shōgun, and portrays shogun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi on Mito Kōmon. Reiko Takashima has starred in many jidaigeki and present-day series. Raita Ryū, who played the bounty-hunter Yamasaki Tetsunosuke, has dozens of supporting and guest-star roles to their credit. Among them are Amari Torayasu in the 2007 taiga drama Fūrin Kazan.
The series was produced by TV Tokyo and Union Motion Picture. Shunsuke Kikuchi wrote the music for the show, and Saigō sang the theme songs.
The series has been rebroadcast many times. The first series of Abare Hasshū Goyō Tabi is available on DVD. The Jidaigeki Channel distributed it via satellite and cable in September 2008.
The production was in color. Episodes lasted 45 minutes within the time slot. TV Tokyo regularly broadcasts jidaigeki in the Friday 9:00–9:54 time slot.
Cast
Teruhiko Saigō as Tōdō Heihachirō
Raita Ryū as Tetsunosuke Yamazaki
Yōko Natsuki as Sayuri
Miyuki Kanō
Junichi Nitta
Reiko Takashima
Umenosuke Nakamura as Mizuno Tadakuni
References
Jidaigeki television series
Jidaigeki
Giuliano Loporchio (born 11 December 1991) is an Italian judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Zagreb in the -100 kg category.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Italian male judoka
20th-century Italian people
21st-century Italian people
The vichitra veena () is a stick zither, a plucked string instrument used in Hindustani music. Similar to the Carnatic gottuvadhyam (chitra vina) it has no frets and is played with a slide.
The structure
The Vichitra Veena is the modern form of ancient Ekatantri Veena. It is made of a broad, fretless, horizontal arm or crossbar (dand) around three feet long and six inches wide, with two large resonating gourds (tumba), which are inlaid with ivory and attached underneath at either end. The narrow ends of the instrument are fashioned into peacock heads, the national bird of India.
The strings
There are four main playing strings and five secondary strings (chikaris), which are played openly with the little finger for a drone effect. Underneath them are 13 sympathetic strings tuned to the notes of the appropriate raag. The veena has a five-octave range. Two plectrums (mizrab) identical to those used for sitar are worn on the middle and index fingers of the right hand to pluck the strings, and a glass ball (batta) is moved with the left across the main strings to create melody (there can be a distance of up to two inches between notes). Coconut oil is put on the strings to minimize the friction of the sliding hand holding the batta.
The veena was often used to accompany the Dhrupad style of singing and this did not allow for much intricacy or embellishment around the notes. It was rescued from oblivion by Lalmani Misra who developed technique of playing and created Misrabani compositions; their son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal.
Artists
Gopal Krishan, (1926 - 2004) disciple of Nand Kishore Sharma. A deep understanding of the raga and a depth presentation by weaving of various intricate musical patterns and its rhythmic synchronisation is their speciality. They specialised in a technique called "Jhala" (very difficult to play on this instrument),which gives a climactic effect to the performance for the grand finale.
Lalmani Misra, (1924 - 1979) A perfectionist, they modified the instrument for better quality of renditions of Khayals and Thumris. They even played Dadras on the Veena. They created numerous Ragas, Madhukali being the most famous. They were inspired by Ustad Abdul Aziz Khan.
Gopal Shankar Misra, (1957 - 1999) Son and student of Lalmani Mishra.
Ragini Trivedi (b. 1960)
Brahm Sarup Singh, (1940 - 1998) was a renowned player of vichitra veena. In their early age Brahm Sarup Singh was trained by their father Shri Harnam Singh in music. They had participated in several music conferences in the North and their Vichitra Veena recital has been broadcasting from All India Radio, Jalandhar since 1958.
Anurag Singh (b. 1966) is a renowned player of vichitra veena. They were born in the city of Amritsar, India to the Late Shri Brahm Sarup Singh. They have given numerous public concerts at Hissar, Kurukshetra, Yamunanagar, Ambala, Gujarat, Panchkula, Gurgaon, Kolkata, Lucknow, Jamshedpur and Patna.
Radhika Veena Sadhika, known as world's first woman vichitra veena player.
References
External links
Vichitra vina page
Online Music Education Articles on Vichitra Veena
Hindustani Rag Sangeet Online Vichitra Veena audio & video archives
Music on Veena - Raga Sameshwari
Lessons on Vichitra Veena - Raga Yaman
Hindustani musical instruments
String instruments
Adham Wanly () (25 February 1908 in Alexandria, Egypt – 20 December 1959) was an Alexandrian painter who learnt in the atelier of the Italian Otorino Becchi 1932, then set up their own atelier with their brother Seif Wanly, and participated in many local and international exhibitions, especially Venice, São Paulo (Brasil), Alexandria Biennale.
Works
The Museum of Modern Art in Alexandria displays many of their paintings. The artist is mostly famous for recording the life of the theater and circus. They specialized in the ballet and opera that is featured in the Cairo Opera House and the Theatre Mohamed Ali in Alexandria. The paintings render the stage lights and movements of the people involved and they are able to express the light and agility in various ways. They had a talent in caricature in which they used in mockery of themselves and the people of their time. There is now a museum in their memory.
Personal life
Their brother was the painter Seif Wanly; they were from an Alexandrian family, their mother was Egyptian and their dad was partial Turkish via their late great-grandfather.
References
1908 births
1959 deaths
People from Alexandria
Italian male painters
Italian people of Egyptian descent
Egyptian people of Turkish descent
20th-century Egyptian painters
Egyptian painters
Pseudochrysops is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. This genus is monotypic, consisting of only one species, Pseudochrysops bornoi, which is found on Haiti, Puerto Rico and Cuba.
Subspecies
Pseudochrysops bornoi bornoi (Haiti)
Pseudochrysops bornoi ecobioi Schwartz, 1987 (Puerto Rico)
Pseudochrysops bornoi yateritas Smith & Hernández, 1992 (Cuba)
References
Polyommatini
Butterflies of the Caribbean
Butterflies of Cuba
Arthropods of Puerto Rico
Fauna of Haiti
Fauna of Hispaniola
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
The 1920 Duquesne Dukes football team represented Duquesne University during the 1920 college football season. The head coach was Jake Stahl, coaching their first season with the Dukes.
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
Stig Lennart Blomqvist (born 29 July 1946) is a retired Swedish rally driver. They made their international breakthrough in 1971. Driving an Audi Quattro for the Audi factory team, Blomqvist won the World Rally Championship drivers' title in 1984 and finished runner-up in 1985. They won their home event, the Swedish Rally, seven times.
Outside the WRC, they won the British Rally Championship in 1983 and the Swedish Rally Championship several times. At the Race of Champions, Blomqvist took the title "Champion of Champions" in 1989 and 1990.
Career
Stig Blomqvist acquired their driving licence at the age of 18, and immediately took second place in a 1964 local rally event near the Swedish town of Karlstad, behind the wheel of a Saab 96. After their education as a driving instructor, together with later teammate Per Eklund at the Kvinnersta Folkhögskola outside of Örebro, they proceeded to drive with the Saab team, and achieved their first international victories in 1971; first winning the Swedish Rally, then the 1000 Lakes Rally in Finland and the RAC Rally in Great Britain. These performances helped Saab gain second place behind Alpine-Renault in the International Championship for Manufacturers, the predecessor to the World Rally Championship.
Blomqvist went on to win the Swedish Rally again in 1972 (Saab 96 V4), 1973 (Saab 96 V4), which marked their first WRC event and win, 1977 (Saab 99 EMS) and 1979 (Saab 99 Turbo). Outside the WRC, they won the 1973 Cyprus Rally, the 1976 Boucles de Spa and the Swedish Rally Championship several times. Their long-time association with Saab ended when the Saab Sport department hung up their spurs in 1981. Driving a Talbot Sunbeam Lotus in 1981, Blomqvist finished eighth in the 1000 Lakes and third at the RAC.
For the 1982 season, Audi Sport, Audi's factory team, signed Blomqvist to drive the Quattro in a few events alongside Hannu Mikkola and Michèle Mouton. They won the Swedish Rally, finished second in the 1000 Lakes and then took their first WRC victory outside their home country by winning the Rallye Sanremo. Audi then signed Blomqvist as their third regular driver for the following season. Blomqvist scored seven podiums, including a win in the season-ending RAC Rally, and finished fourth in the drivers' world championship. In the British Rally Championship, they captured the title by winning four of the six events.
In the 1984 season, Blomqvist drove the Quattro A2 and the Sport Quattro evolutions to five victories, and finished second at the Monte Carlo Rally. Beating Mikkola to the title, they became the second Swedish world rally champion after Björn Waldegård. Their first place in the Rallye Côte d'Ivoire would remain their career-last victory in the WRC. The 1985 season saw them finish runner-up to Timo Salonen of the new Peugeot Talbot Sport team headed by Jean Todt. Their best result was second; at the Swedish Rally, the 1000 Lakes and the Acropolis Rally. In the last Group B season in 1986, Blomqvist competed for Ford in an RS200 and for Peugeot in a 205 Turbo 16 E2, recording their only podium at the Rally Argentina.
During the first two Group A years, Blomqvist continued with Ford and drove a Ford Sierra RS Cosworth, finishing on the podium three times. They also drove for Volkswagen Motorsport and finished third in a Golf Mk 2 16V on the 1989 Safari Rally.The 1990 WRC season was the series' first without Blomqvist in action. In 1991 and 1992, they drove a Nissan Sunny GTI-R for Nissan Motorsports Europe, Nissan's factory team. At the 1992 Swedish Rally, Blomqvist took third place, which would remain their last podium spot in the WRC.
Later in the 1990s, they used their experience of two-wheel drive cars and helped Škoda Motorsport to develop the Škoda Felicia Kit Car. During a guest appearance at the 1996 RAC Rally, when the event was not on the WRC schedule, the 50-year-old veteran finished third overall with the car. That same year, they finished seventh in the Safari Rally in a Ford Escort RS Cosworth. This would remain their last points-finish in the World Rally Championship.
After only three events in four years, Blomqvist returned to the role of a regular WRC competitor. Together with co-driver Ana Goñi, they drove a Group N category David Sutton Cars Mitsubishi Lancer Evo 6 in twelve events in 2001, finishing fifth overall in the Production World Rally Championship (PWRC). In 2003, they finished third in the PWRC championship in a Subaru Impreza WRX STI. In their last world rally, the 2006 Swedish Rally, Blomqvist drove the Impreza to 24th place overall and was fourth fastest in Group N.
In September 2008, Blomqvist was due to take part in the Colin McRae Forest Stages Rally, a round of the Scottish Rally Championship centred in Perth in Scotland, in a Ford Escort Mk2 with Goñi as their co-driver. The rally was held in memory of McRae, who died in 2007.
They have lived in the UK for many years, based in Saffron Walden, Essex. Their son, Tom Blomqvist, has followed in their motorsports footsteps, becoming the youngest ever Formula Renault UK champion in 2010, at the age of 16 and as of 2016 drives for BMW Team RBM in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters.
WRC victories
{|class="wikitable"
! #
! Event
! Season
! Co-driver
! Car
|-
| 1
| Swedish Rally
| 1973
| Arne Hertz
| Saab 96 V4
|-
| 2
| Swedish Rally
| 1977
| Hans Sylvan
| Saab 99 EMS
|-
| 3
| Swedish Rally
| 1979
| Björn Cederberg
| Saab 99 Turbo
|-
| 4
| Swedish Rally
| 1982
| Björn Cederberg
| Audi Quattro
|-
| 5
| Rallye Sanremo
| 1982
| Björn Cederberg
| Audi Quattro
|-
| 6
| RAC Rally
| 1983
| Björn Cederberg
| Audi Quattro A2
|-
| 7
| Swedish Rally
| 1984
| Björn Cederberg
| Audi Quattro A2
|-
| 8
| Acropolis Rally
| 1984
| Björn Cederberg
| Audi Quattro A2
|-
| 9
| Rally of New Zealand
| 1984
| Björn Cederberg
| Audi Quattro A2
|-
| 10
| Rally Argentina
| 1984
| Björn Cederberg
| Audi Quattro A2
|-
| 11
| Rallye Côte d'Ivoire
| 1984
| Björn Cederberg
| Audi Sport Quattro
|}
Racing record
Complete IMC results
Complete WRC results
Complete FIA European Rallycross Cup results
Overall
Complete FIA European Rallycross Championship results
Touringcar Division
Division 2
Complete World Touring Car Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
† Not eligible for points.
Complete British Touring Car Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position in class) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap in class)
‡ Endurance driver – not eligible for points
References
External links
Blomqvist at World Rally Archive
1946 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Örebro
Swedish rally drivers
British Touring Car Championship drivers
Swedish Touring Car Championship drivers
World Rally Champions
World Rally Championship drivers
European Rallycross Championship drivers
European Rally Championship drivers
Swedish expatriates in New Zealand
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
Carrera Panamericana drivers
Peugeot Sport drivers
Audi Sport drivers
Nismo drivers
Rodolfo Magín Casamiquela (December 11, 1932 in Ingeniero Jacobacci, Río Negro Province – December 5, 2008 in Cipolletti, Río Negro) was an Argentinian paleontologist, archeologist, historian, writer, and teacher, best known for their discovering of the dinosaur Pisanosaurus mertii in 1967.
Awards
Konex Platino (2006)
Honors
Casamiquela is commemorated in the scientific name of a species of lizard, Liolaemus casamiquelai.
Books
Casamiquela published over 20 books and various reports. This list contains some of them (all in Spanish):
Sobre la significación mágica del arte rupestre nordpatagónico (1960)
Estudio de Nillatum y la religión araucana (1964)
Rectificaciones y ratificaciones hacia una interpretación definitiva del panorama etnológico de la Patagonia y área septentrional adyacente (1965)
Noticias sobre una breve expedición arqueológica a la zona de Lihuel Calel (provincia de la Pampa) y observaciones complementarias (1967)
En pos del gualicho (1988)
El otro lado de los viajes (1993)
Toponimia indígena de la provincia de La Pampa (2005)
Los ríos mesetarios norpatagónicos: aguas generosas del Ande al Atlántico (2010, publicación póstuma, con varios autores)
References
External links
Obituary of Dr. Rodolfo Casamiquela in Revista de la Asociación Geológica Argentina. (in Spanish).
1932 births
2008 deaths
Argentine paleontologists
20th-century Argentine historians
People from Río Negro Province
20th-century Argentine male writers
Male non-fiction writers
The Africa Yearbook is an annual publication devoted to politics, economy and society south of the Sahara. It is the successor to the German-language Afrika Jahrbuch published by the Institut für Afrika-Kunde in Hamburg, which issued its last yearbook in 2004 (on the year 2003).
Scope
The yearbook covers major domestic political developments, the foreign policy and socio-economic trends in sub-Sahara Africa – all related to developments in one calendar year. The Africa Yearbook contains articles on all sub-Saharan states, each of the four sub-regions (West, Central, Eastern, Southern Africa) focusing on major cross-border developments and sub-regional organizations as well as one article on continental developments and one on European-African relations.
While the articles have thorough academic quality, the Yearbook is mainly oriented to the requirements of a large range of target groups: students, politicians, diplomats, administrators, journalists, teachers, practitioners in the field of development aid as well as business people.
The Africa Yearbook received the Conover-Porter Award 2012 (best africana bibliography or reference work).
See also
Brill Publishers
External links
Webpage Africa Yearbook (Website Brill Publishers)
References
African studies journals
This is a list of women writers who were born in Malaysia or whose writings are closely associated with that country.
A
Suriani Abdullah (1924–2013), historian, memoirist
Adibah Amin (born 1936), novelist, playwright, columnist, translator
Wani Ardy (born 1984), poet, songwriter
Che Husna Azhari (born 1955), short story writer, educator
B
Fatimah Busu (born 1943), novelist, short story writer, critic, educator
C
Bernice Chauly, artist, photographer, poet, novelist, organiser of Georgetown Literary Festival for a number of years.
Zen Cho (born 1986), bestselling fantasy novelist and short story writer
Yangsze Choo, fourth generation Malaysian writer, of Chinese descent, best-selling international novelist.
Chuah Guat Eng (born 1943), English-language novelist
F
Shamini Flint, bestselling mystery novelist of the Inspector Singh series.
G
Dulcie Gray (1915–2011), Malaysian-born British actor, novelist, playwright
H
Khadijah Hashim (born 1942), novelist, short story writer, children's writer, poet
Ho Sok Fong, Malaysian Chinese short story writer
I
Siti Zainon Ismail (born 1949), novelist, short story writer, poet, educator
J
Khasnor Johan, historian, since 1974: non-fiction writer
K
Shih-Li Kow (born 1968), short story writer
L
Margaret Lim (1947-2011), children's writer
M
Rani Manicka, since 2003, best selling novelist
Salmi Manja, pen name of Saleha binti Abdul Rashid (born 1937), novelist, short story writer, poet, journalist
S
Anis Sabirin, short story writer and essayist
Preeta Samarasan, since early 2000s, English-language short story writer, novelist
Azalia Suhaimi (born 1985), poet, photographer
T
Hilary Tham (1946–2005), Malaysian-American poet, memoirist, short story writer
Y
Felicia Yap, bestselling mystery novelist
Z
Dina Zaman (1969), short story writer, essayist, columnist
See also
List of women writers
References
-
Malaysian
Writers
Writers, women
The Treaty of Gaeta was a political treaty signed in Gaeta on March 26, 1451, between Alfonso V for the Kingdom of Naples and Stefan, Bishop of Krujë, and Nikollë de Berguçi, ambassadors of Skanderbeg. In the treaty Skanderbeg recognized themselves a vassal of the Kingdom of Naples, and in return they would have the Kingdom's protection from the Ottoman Empire. Alfonso V believed that they would be able to resurrect the politics of their Angevine predecessors and to use Albania as a foothold to further expand their realm into the Balkans.
Terms of the Treaty
The treaty was requested by Skanderbeg in order to ensure protection from the Ottoman Empire. Although the party on the treaty was Alfonso V himself, the treaty was signed by their main notary, Arnaldo Fonolleda. The ambassadors of Skanderbeg were respectively two bishops: Stefan was an orthodox bishop and de Berguçi was a Catholic Dominican bishop.
According to the treaty, if the Albanians were to need the Kingdom of Naples's help in military issues, they would be obligated to donate each city in danger to the Naple's crown. In addition Skanderbeg had to swear an oath of fidelity to the Aragon crown. As soon as the Albanian lands would be freed by Ottoman invasions, Skanderbeg had to pay taxes to Alfonso, and had to recognize the Naple's crown, however they would keep their autonomy and self-government. The last point of the treaty specifies that Skanderbeg had to buy salt only from the warehouses of Alfonso, rather than from the Ottomans, but with the same price that the Ottomans would have otherwise charged. To follow the treaty, Naples sent a detachment of 100 Napolitan soldiers commanded by Bernard Vaquer to the castle of Krujë in the end of May 1451. Vaquer was appointed to position of special commissioner and took over Kruje on behalf of the Kingdom of Naples and put its garrison under their command.
Aftermath
After Alfonso signed this treaty with Skanderbeg, they signed similar treaties with other chieftains from Albania: Gjergj Arianiti, Gjin Muzaka, George Stresi Balsha, Peter Spani, Paul Dukagjini, Constantinos Spanchis, Thopia Muzaka, Peter of Himara, Simon Zanebisha and Karlo Toco.
References
1450s treaties
1451
1451 in Europe
15th century in the Kingdom of Naples
Treaties of the Kingdom of Naples
Vaea Tangitau Lapota Fifita (born 17 June 1992) is a Tongan born New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays for Scarlets in Llanelli . Previously they were a lock or loose forward for the in the international Super Rugby competition, and for in the Mitre 10 Cup. Fifita has played 12 tests for New Zealand at international level, earning their first test cap against Samoa in 2017. Their elder brother Leva Fifita is also a professional rugby union player who plays international rugby for Tonga.
Early life
Born and raised on the Tongan island of Vava'u, Fifita attended Tonga College on the larger island of Tongatapu and while there earned selection for the Tonga Schools side ahead of their tour to New Zealand. Impressive displays against New Zealand and Australia Secondary Schools Teams brought them to the attention of Tamaki College who offered them a rugby scholarship.
After graduating from high school, Fifita spent time with former All Black number eight Murray Mexted at their international rugby academy in Palmerston North. This opened the way for them to make their way further south to play club rugby for the Wellington Axemen, whom they joined in 2012. They scored an incredible 26 tries in debut season of Wellington club rugby and then in 2013 they helped the sevens side lift the national title for the first time since 2002.
Playing career
Early career
Fifita first played provincial rugby with during the 2013 ITM Cup, making a sole appearance in a 35–27 win over . The Lions were in fine form in 2013, finishing top of the log and reaching the Premiership final before going down 29–13 to Canterbury, however 2014 would be a different story as they finished 7th and last in the Premiership table which saw them relegated down to the Championship for 2015. Fifita saw plenty of game time in a constantly changing Wellington side, scoring 2 tries in 9 games and then going on to score an impressive 6 tries in 10 games as the Lions failed to win promotion back to the Premiership at the first time of asking, finishing 2nd on the log behind before being defeated 26–25 by the same opposition in the playoff final.
Although Fifita was not initially named in the squad ahead of the 2015 Super Rugby season, Fifita was called up to provide injury cover midway through the campaign and debuted in a 29–5 victory over the in Auckland. In total they played twice during 2015 and that in addition to their good form for their provincial side, Wellington, saw them sign a three-year deal with the Hurricanes prior to the 2016 season.
2016-2017
Fifita's first full season of Super Rugby would prove to be one to remember as they played a part in all 18 games and forged a strong second-row partnership with Michael Fatialofa that helped the Hurricanes lift the Super Rugby title after a 20–3 win over South African side, the in the final. Fifita scored 3 tries during the year including one in the 41–0 thrashing of the in the quarter-finals.
Despite an outstanding Super Rugby campaign, 2016 also proved to be a year of frustration for the men from New Zealand's capital as they once again finished 2nd in the Championship table, this time behind before suffering a surprise 40–37 defeat at home to in the playoff semi-finals. Playing largely as a loose forward, Fifita featured in 8 of Wellington's 11 matches during the year and contributed 2 tries.
After a good season in 2016, Fifita was called up to the All Blacks end-of-year tour in 2016 as a replacement for the injured Sam Whitelock, and Luke Romano, after Romano left the tour due to a bereavement. They were not capped on the tour however, with fellow newcomer, Scott Barrett, preferred over Fifita.
Fifita competed at the 2017 Brisbane Global Tens with the Hurricanes but was injured during the competition and missed the first half of the season as a result.
Fifita was named in the All Blacks team in 2017 for the British and Irish Lions series and test against Samoa in Auckland, being called up as injury cover for All Black captain Kieran Read. Fifita quickly became a regular starter for New Zealand and made six appearances for the All Blacks in 2017. Fifita and their Hurricanes team-mate Jordie Barrett both earned their first cap for New Zealand in the 78-0 win against Samoa on 16 June 2017, one day prior to Fifita's 25th birthday, where Fifita replaced veteran Jerome Kaino off the bench 57 minutes into the test. Fifita performed well and scored a try on debut, following an offload from winger Israel Dagg.
On 27 June 2017, Fifita started at blindside flanker for the Hurricanes against the touring British and Irish Lions side. Despite being behind 7-23 at half time, the Hurricanes managed to make a comeback. Fifita scored a try for the Hurricanes with ten minutes left as part of this comeback, pushing past Lions forwards George Kruis and CJ Stander to score. Fifita's try allowed the Hurricanes to draw 31-31 against the Lions.
Although Fifita did not play in the first two rounds of the competition, Fifita was given their first test start on 9 September 2017, against Argentina at Taranaki in the 2017 Rugby Championship. Fifita showcased the best performance of their career, scoring their second test try and getting fans, players, and the media raving about their performance. Their try sparked a comeback for the All Blacks and was a 40m solo try where they out-ran winger, Santiago Cordero and fullback Joaquín Tuculet. Fifita was awarded Man of the Match for their 80-minute performance, which heavily contributed to the All Blacks' 39-22 win. With Head Coach Steve Hansen wanting to rest the incoming regular starter at blindside flanker, Liam Squire, Fifita started again against Argentina in Buenos Aires on 30 September, but failed to make the same impact as the previous match.
Fifita started against the Barbarians in a 31-22 win, and with injury to Jerome Kaino and illness to Liam Squire, Fifita made a start against France in the 38-18 win on the end-of-year tour's first test. Fifita started once more on the tour, against Scotland in a 22-17 win. Fifita's efforts on the end of year tour produced a try against the Barbarians, but a mixed performance against Scotland.
2018
Finishing the 2017 season as a regular starter for their adopted country, Fifita unfortunately failed to keep consistent form, during the 2018 Super Rugby season, struggling with injuries during the season. Debate on Fifita's true starting position also factored into their drop in form, with then-Hurricanes Head Coach, Chris Boyd, wanting to play Fifita as a lock, while All Blacks Head Coach, Steve Hansen, insisted that Fifita was a specialist flanker. Fifita replaced Luke Whitelock and the injured Liam Squire off the bench, respectively, in the first two tests of the 2018 season, which were in the 2018 Steinlager series, against France. Fifita was unfortunately concussed in the second test however, ruling them out of the third test against France. Jackson Hemopo was called in as injury cover for Fifita and Squire, while Shannon Frizell also made their international debut, in the absence of Fifita.
Fifita returned from concussion, after the French test series, but had a string of poor performances that saw them benched for the Super Rugby playoffs, with Tongan-born Sam Lousi and the outgoing Michael Fatialofa, preferred as the starting locking combination, while Hurricanes Captain and England international, Brad Shields, was kept in their usual position at flanker. Fifita was yellow-carded for a fight in the last minute of the quarter-final, against the Chiefs, which the Hurricanes narrowly won, 32-31, thanks to a Man-of-the-Match performance by Vice-Captain, TJ Perenara. The Hurricanes were knocked out of the competition on 28 July 2018, with the Crusaders punishing the Hurricanes, who lost by 12-30.
When the All Blacks squad for the 2018 Rugby Championship was named, Fifita was left out of the squad, having been controversially dropped. Fifita was dropped due to the Hurricanes' persistency with using them as a lock, although Jackson Hemopo, normally a lock for the Highlanders, was re-selected for the All Blacks as a flanker.
After a solid campaign in the Mitre 10 Cup, with Wellington, Fifita earned a re-call for New Zealand towards the dying stages of the Rugby Championship. Fifita's form earned them two starts on the end of year tour, one in the 69-31 win over Japan, and the other in the 66-3 win over Italy. Fifita was one of the best-performing forwards on the field against Italy, having upped their workrate since recovery from injury.
2019-2020
Fifita put in many good performances during the 2019 Super Rugby season, playing their 50th game for the Hurricanes, alongside hooker Ricky Riccitelli, in the seventh round of the season, although it ended in an 8-32 loss to the Crusaders. Fifita's low point of the season was round 16, when they were red-carded for a shoulder charge to the chin of Sharks looses forward, Dan du Preez, although the Hurricanes still won 30-17.
After the Super Rugby playoffs, Fifita was retained in New Zealand's 39-man squad for the Rugby Championship, at the expense of Liam Squire. However, Fifita failed to perform to their best during the Championship, with Hurricanes team-mate, Ardie Savea, taking Fifita's starting spot. Following the Bledisloe Cup tests against Australia, Fifita was one of many All Blacks released to play for their provinces at the Mitre 10 Cup. However, Fifita failed to make the field for Wellington, withdrawing from a match with a knee injury.
On 28 August 2019, Fifita was omitted by All Blacks Head Coach, Steve Hansen, from New Zealand's 31-man squad to travel to the 2019 Rugby World Cup, with Luke Jacobson picked over Fifita, who was not considered for selection due to injury.
Fifita was not picked for New Zealand in 2020.
In early 2022, United Rugby Championship team Scarlets, announced the services of Fifita for the following season.
Career honours
Hurricanes
Super Rugby – 2016
Super Rugby statistics
Personal life
Fifita married their long-time partner, Hangale Havea, in 2018. Fifita is father to their two sons, Jason and Paula.
References
1992 births
Tongan rugby union players
Wellington rugby union players
Hurricanes (rugby union) players
Rugby union locks
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union number eights
Living people
People from Vavaʻu
Tongan emigrants to New Zealand
People educated at Tamaki College
New Zealand international rugby union players
New Zealand rugby union players
Wasps RFC players
Scarlets players
USA-80, also known as GPS IIA-4, GPS II-13 and GPS SVN-28, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the fourth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-80 was launched at 03:20:00 UTC on 10 April 1992, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D208, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17B (LC-17B) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-80 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 12 May 1992, USA-80 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 716.00 minutes, and 55.10° of inclination to the equator. It had PRN 28, and operated in slot 2 of plane C of the GPS constellation. The satellite had a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years; however, it was retired early, on 15 August 1997. It was replaced by USA-117.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1992
GPS satellites
USA satellites
The Iraghi, also known as Khoi, Phartsun and Sekeed, is a traditional pillbox hat, originated and predominantly used in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. It is worn by women and features colourful embroidery of silk thread on which the designs represent wild animals, their paw prints, birds, leaves and body parts of insects. Silver jewellery, called Silsila, is also attached to its front. It takes around two months, working two to three hours a day, to prepare one such hat. The hat is worn for religious purpose and as a symbol of cultural identity. However, the trend is gradually fading away.
Gallery
References
Hats
Pakistani headgear
Margaret Chan Fung Fu-chun, (born 21 August 1947) is a Chinese-Canadian physician, who served as the Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO) delegating the People's Republic of China from 2006–2017. Chan previously served as Director of Health in the Hong Kong Government (1994–2003) and representative of the WHO Director-General for Pandemic Influenza and WHO Assistant Director-General for Communicable Diseases (2003–2006). In 2014, Forbes ranked them as the 30th most powerful woman in the world. In early 2018 they joined the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC).
They were widely criticized for their handling of the 1997 H5N1 avian influenza outbreak and the 2003 SARS outbreak in Hong Kong, and for their frequent travels while Director-General of the WHO.
Early life and education
Chan was born and raised in British Hong Kong, now Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, although their ancestors came from Shunde, Guangdong. Chan was initially trained as a home economics teacher at the Northcote College of Education, now the Education University of Hong Kong. They then earned their BA degree in home economics at Brescia University College, an affiliated institution of the University of Western Ontario (UWO), in 1973, and their MD degree at UWO in 1977. They later earned their MSc (public health) degree at the National University of Singapore in 1985. Chan completed the Program for Management Development (PMD 61) at Harvard Business School in 1991.
Career
Early career
Chan joined the Government of British Hong Kong in December 1978 as a medical officer. In November 1989, they were promoted to assistant director of the Department of Health. In April 1992, they were promoted to deputy director and, in June 1994, was named the first woman in Hong Kong to head the Department of Health.
Director of Health in Hong Kong, 1994–2003
Chan survived the transition from British to PRC-HKSAR rule in June 1997. Them profile was raised by their handling, in those positions, of the 1997 H5N1 avian influenza outbreak and the 2003 SARS outbreak in Hong Kong. After the first cases of the H5N1 died, Chan first tried to reassure Hong Kong residents with statements such as "I ate chicken last night" or "I eat chicken every day, don't panic, everyone". When many more H5N1 cases appeared, they were criticized for misleading the public.
They became "a symbol of ignorance and arrogance epitomizing the mentality of 'business as usual' embedded in the ideological and institutional practices within the bureaucracy, especially after the hand-over." In the end, they were credited for helping bring the epidemic under control by the slaughter of 1.5 million chickens in the region in the face of stiff political opposition.
Them performance during the SARS outbreak, which ultimately led to 299 deaths, attracted harsh criticism from the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and many people with SARS and their relatives. They were criticised by the Legislative Council for their passiveness, for believing in misleading information shared by the mainland authority, and for not acting swiftly. They were also criticised for a lack of political wisdom was evident in their indifference to media reports and widespread public fear at that time. On the other hand, the SARS expert committee established by the HKSAR government to assess its handling of the crisis, opined that the failure was not Chan's fault, but due to the structure of Hong Kong's health care system, in which the separation of the hospital authority from the public health authority resulted in problems with data sharing.
Assistant to DGWHO
Chan left the Hong Kong Government in August 2003 after 25 years of service to join the World Health Organization.
From 2003 until 2005, Chan served as the Representative of the World Health Organization Director-General for Pandemic Influenza and as Assistant Director-General for Communicable Diseases.
Director-General of WHO, 2006–2017
Chan served two terms of five years apiece as Director-General of the WHO. Appointed to the post in November 2006, Chan's first term ran through to June 2012. In their appointment speech, Chan considered the "improvements in the health of the people of Africa and the health of women" to be the key performance indicator of WHO and they want to focus WHO's attention on "the people in the greatest need." On 18 January 2012, Chan was nominated by the WHO's executive board for a second term and was confirmed by the World Health Assembly on 23 May 2012. In their acceptance speech, Chan indicated that universal coverage is a "powerful equaliser" and the most powerful concept of public health. Chan's new term began on 1 July 2012 and continued until 30 June 2017.
First term
In February 2007, Chan provoked the anger of humanitarian and civil society groups including Doctors Without Borders by questioning the quality of generic medicines while on a visit to Thailand.
In 2010 Chan was criticised for "crying wolf" about the 2009 flu pandemic, which turned out to be much milder than expected.
After a visit to North Korea in April 2010, Chan said malnutrition was a problem in the country but that North Korea's health system would be the envy of many developing countries because of the abundance of medical staff. They also noted there were no signs of obesity in the country, which is a newly emerging problem in other parts of Asia. Chan's comments marked a significant departure from that of their predecessor, Gro Harlem Brundtland, who said in 2001 that North Korea's health system was near collapse. The director-general's assessment was criticised, including in a Wall Street Journal editorial which called their statements "surreal." The editorial further stated, "Ms. Chan is either winking at the reality to maintain contact with the North or they allowed themselves to be fooled."
In 2011, because of financial constraints in donor countries the WHO slashed its budget by nearly $1 billion and cut 300 jobs at its headquarters under Chan's leadership.
Second term
The WHO was accused of deferring to the Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad when polio made a comeback in that country in late 2013.
In 2014 and 2015, Chan was again heavily criticised because of the slow response of the WHO to the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa.
In 2016 at the request of the WHA, Chan launched the Health Emergencies Programme.
After WHO
In 2018, Chan joined the Task Force on Fiscal Policy for Health, a group convened by Michael R. Bloomberg and Lawrence H. Summers to address preventable leading causes of death and noncommunicable diseases through fiscal policy. The same year, they were appointed to the Council of Advisors of the Boao Forum for Asia.
In December 2021, during the 2021 Hong Kong legislative election, Chan said, of the election where only "patriots" could serve in the government, "The new election system is going to be very good for Hong Kong, for Hong Kong's long-term development, and for Hong Kong's democracy to take a step-by-step approach."
Other activities
Exemplars in Global Health, Member of the Senior Advisory Board (since 2020)
Recognition
In 1997, Chan was given the distinction for the Fellowship of the Faculty of Public Health Medicine of the Royal College of Physicians of the United Kingdom and was also appointed as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II.
In 2014, Chan was ranked as the 30th most powerful woman in the world, based on their position as Director-General, by Forbes. Them ranking increased from 33rd in 2013.
Personal life
Margaret Chan is married to David Chan, who is an ophthalmologist.
References
Further reading
Dr Chan's CV (Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China)
Health, Welfare and Food Bureau, HK Government introduction
China's Margaret Chan says to work tirelessly for world health (People's Daily Online)
Bird flu expert set to lead WHO (BBC News)
WHO Board Nominates Margaret Chan As Director General (Wall Street Journal Online)
Who's Next at WHO? (Time online's blog)
External links
WHO website:
Director-General's office
Director-General: Dr Margaret Chan
Director-General election (2006)
Director-General nomination (2012)
Hong Kong medical doctors
University of Western Ontario alumni
World Health Organization officials
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
1947 births
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Living people
Chinese women physicians
Chinese physicians
Public health and safety in Hong Kong
Canadian public health doctors
National University of Singapore alumni
20th-century Canadian women scientists
21st-century Canadian women scientists
Chinese officials of the United Nations
Canadian officials of the United Nations
Members of the 13th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the Standing Committee of the 13th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Fazelabad (, also Romanized as Fāẕelābād, Fāzelābād, and Fāzilābād) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 29 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Badal is a village situated in Punjab State of India. It is situated in Sri Muktsar Sahib District's Lambi Sub-Division (Tehsil). The village is famous for its political affiliations and is always a hotspot of many prominent Indian Political Parties. The main leaders of Shiromani Akali Aal (SAD) party namely Parkash Singh Badal (Former CM, Punjab), Sukhbir Singh Badal (Former Deputy CM, Punjab) and Harsimrat Kaur Badal (Union Cabinet Minister) belong to Village Badal. Also prominent leader of People's Party of Punjab (PPP)/ Congress Manpreet Singh Badal (Finance Minister, Punjab) belong to Village Badal. Village Badal is a multi-cultural village living in harmony with four Gurdwaras, two Hindu Temples and one Mosque. Village Badal also boasts two gyms and four sports stadiums for regular sports activity.
Geography
Village Badal is situated at 59 km South from Sri Muktsar Sahib (District Headquarters), 8 km from Lambi (Sub-division/Tehsil headquarters) and 265 km from Chandigarh (State Capital). It is also 16 km from the nearest city gidderbaha & 33 km from Bathinda City and 17 km from Mandi Dabwali, Haryana, India. Village Badal lies mere 17 km North of border with Haryana State of India and 25 km East of Rajasthan State of India.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Badal had 686 households comprising a population of 3473, of which 1863 were males and 1610 were females. There were 412 children aged 0–6 and the Average Sex Ratio was 864. The literacy rate was 67.49%, with male literacy standing at 74.52% and that for females being literacy rate was 59.26%.
Healthcare and Old Age Home
Government Hospital
Village Badal have a well equipped and well staffed Government Hospital with 24/7 Emergency Service and Ambulance availability. The OPD department have well experienced and equipped doctors capable of diagnosing every kind of disease and treatment.
Baba Hira Das Ji Ayurvedic Hospital
Baba Hira Das Ji Ayurvedic Hospital provides diagnosing and treatment with Ayurvedic Medicines and have IPD department for serious cases.
Old-Age Home
Badal Village have an old-age home for needy senior citizens with 24/7 healthcare/ambulance service. The old age home have well behaving and well equipped residential rooms form senior citizens with regular monitoring of their food and heath.
Education
Colleges
State Institute of Nursing and Paramedical Sciences
Baba Hira Das Ji Ayurvedic Medical College and Hospital
Dasmesh Girls College
Dasmesh Girls College of Education
Schools
Government Senior Secondary School, Badal
2 Government Primary Schools, Badal
Mata Jaswant Kaur Memorial School, Badal (Only Boys)
Dasmesh Girls Senior Secondary School, Badal (Only Girls (Boys up to 5th standard)
Other Education Institutes
Sports Authority of India (SAI) Training Centre, Badal
Punjab Sports Department, Badal
Industrial Training Institutes (ITI) or Rural Institute for Vocational Training, Badal
Shooting Range, Badal
Stadiums
Guru Gobind Singh Multipurpose Sports Stadium, Badal
Guru Nanak Hockey Stadium, Badal
3 Unnamed Stadiums belonging to different organisations
References
Villages in Sri Muktsar Sahib district
Magnolia Hill Productions, is a film and television production company founded by Sam Haskell, former Executive Vice President and Worldwide Head of Television at the William Morris Agency. The company currently has an exclusive deal with Warner Bros television.
Established in 2013, Magnolia Hill was created to bring forth family friendly and inspirational content. The company has produced multiple shows with the country music icon Dolly Parton. They include Dolly Parton's Coat of Many Colors and the Emmy nominated Dolly Parton's Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love both based on Parton's childhood and airing on NBC. Most recently, Magnolia Hill produced Dolly Parton's Heartstrings for Netflix, an eight episode anthology series based on Parton's songs and stories.
Filmography
References
External links
Magnolia Hill Productions
Sam Haskell
Film production companies of the United States
Television production companies of the United States
was a after Chōgen and before Chōkyū. This period spanned the years from April 1037 through 1040. The reigning emperor was .
Change of era
1037 : The new era name was created to mark an event or series of events. The previous era ended and the new one commenced in Chōgen 10, on the 21st day of the 4th month of 1037.
Events of the Chōryaku era
1037 (Chōryaku 1, 2nd day of the 7th month): The eldest son of Emperor Go-Suzaku (Prince Chikihito, who was would become Emperor Go-Reizei) has their coming of age ceremony.
1037 (Chōryaku 1, 17th day of the 8th month): Go-Suzaku formally names Chikihito as their heir and Crown Prince.
1038 (Chōryaku 2, 1st day of the 9th month): Fujiwara no Chikaie was killed by a servant during an attempted robbery; and all the greats of the Fujiwara went into mourning.
Notes
References
Brown, Delmer M. and Ichirō Ishida, eds. (1979). Gukanshō: The Future and the Past. Berkeley: University of California Press. ; OCLC 251325323
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 58053128
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Nihon Odai Ichiran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland. OCLC 5850691
Varley, H. Paul. (1980). A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns: Jinnō Shōtōki of Kitabatake Chikafusa. New York: Columbia University Press. ; OCLC 6042764
External links
National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" -- historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection
Japanese eras
Ford County (county code FO) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, its population was 34,287. Its county seat and most populous city is Dodge City. The county is named in honor of Colonel James Hobart Ford.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which are land and (0.07%) is covered by water.
Adjacent counties
Hodgeman County (north)
Edwards County (northeast)
Kiowa County (east)
Clark County (south)
Meade County (southwest)
Gray County (west)
Major highways
U.S. Route 50
U.S. Route 54
U.S. Route 56
U.S. Route 283
U.S. Route 400
K-34
Demographics
The Dodge City Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Ford County.
As of the 2000 census, 33,848 people, 10,852 households, and 7,856 families were residing in the county. The population density was 30 people/sq mi (11/km2). The 11,650 housing units averaged 11/sq mi (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 75.3% White, 2.1% African American, 1.0% Native American, 1.4% Asian, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 17.8% from other races, and 2.7% from two or more races. Hispanic and Latino Americans of any race were 51.2% of the population.
Of the 10,852 households, 40.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 9.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.60% were not families. About 22.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.92, and the average family size was 3.42.
In the county, the age distribution was 31.10% under 18, 11.20% from 18 to 24, 29.40% from 25 to 44, 17.30% from 45 to 64, and 11.00% who were 65 or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 105.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,860, and for a family was $42,734. Males had a median income of $27,189 versus $22,165 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,721. About 9.90% of families and 12.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.40% of those under age 18 and 8.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Ford County has been strongly Republican for most of its history, especially in recent elections. Only eight Democratic presidential candidates from 1880 to 2020 have carried the county, the most recent being Jimmy Carter in 1976.
Laws
Ford County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Colleges
Dodge City Community College
Unified school districts
Spearville USD 381
Dodge City USD 443
Bucklin USD 459
Communities
Cities
Bucklin
Dodge City
Ford
Spearville
Census-designated places
Fort Dodge
Wilroads Gardens
Wright
Other unincorporated places
Bellefont
Bloom
Kingsdown
Windhorst
Townships
Ford County is divided into 14 townships. The city of Dodge City is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Notable people
Numerous figures of the American Old West lived in Dodge City during its period as a frontier cowtown. These included, most notably, lawmen Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, and gunfighter Doc Holliday.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ford County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Handbook of Ford County, Kansas; C.S. Burch Publishing Co; 32 pages; 1887.
Atlas and Plat Book of Ford County, Kansas; Kenyon Co; 54 pages; 1916.
Standard Atlas of Ford County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 63 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Ford County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Ford County History from FCHS, Dodge City, KS
Ford County GenWeb
Ford County from American History and Genealogy Project (AHGP)
Maps
Ford County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Prakash Gajbhiye is a Member of Maharashtra Legislative Council who belongs to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). They were the leader of opposition in Nagpur Municipal Corporation and Senate member in the Nagpur University.
References
Living people
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Council
Nationalist Congress Party politicians from Maharashtra
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Tough" is a song written by Joe Leathers and Monty Criswell, and recorded by American country music artist Craig Morgan. It was released in March 2007 as the second single from Morgan's album Little Bit of Life. The song peaked at number 11 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.
Content
The song is about a hardworking wife and mother who survives breast cancer, serving as an inspiration to their husband, who sings, "There was a time / Back before they were mine / When I thought I was tough."
Music video
The video for "Tough" premiered on June 4, 2007. Directed by Peter Zavadil, it features Morgan singing the song in a dimly lit room by a window, alongside film clips of a woman depicting the events in the song.
Chart performance
Year-end charts
References
2007 singles
2006 songs
Craig Morgan songs
Music videos directed by Peter Zavadil
BBR Music Group singles
Song recordings produced by Keith Stegall
Songs written by Monty Criswell
Songs written by Joe Leathers
Roman Pungartnik (born 16 May 1971) is a Slovenian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
Slovenian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Slovenia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Celje
Trans Jogja is a bus rapid transit (BRT) system operates in Yogyakarta and surrounding areas, with 20 different routes. Trans Jogja operates from 06:00 to 19:00 starting from 22 March 2020.
Trans Jogja is currently operated by PT Jogja Tugu Trans, a consortium of Perum DAMRI and public transport cooperatives in Special Region of Yogyakarta (Koperasi Pemuda Sleman, Kopata, Aspada, Kobutri, and Puskopkar), and PT Anindya Mitra Internasional, a province-owned company. Their operations are under auspices of Office of Transportation of the Special Region of Yogyakarta.
In April 2020, the system had a daily ridership of 1,402, lower than normal amounts of 20,000-22,000 because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Fares
Ticket fares on Trans Jogja are of flat rates. Passengers pay a flat fare and can go any distance along the bus route. Bus transfers are free at staffed stops.
Cards
As of 2022, Trans Jogja issues transit cards for use on Trans Jogja buses. There are two types of the cards:
Regular Card: Can be purchased at POS stops costing Rp50,000 for each card with the same amount included in the balance. It can be topped up with Rp5,000 as the minimum top-up amount.
Student Card: Can only be obtained through an educational institution.
Regular cards can be purchased at the point-of-sale (POS) stops:
Halte Adisutjipto Airport
Halte Terminal Jombor
Halte Ambarrukmo Plaza
Halte Taman Pintar
Routes
There are 20 bus routes operated by Trans Jogja as of 2022. K1J, K2J, and K3J lines are operated under Teman Bus service, while the rest are operated directly under the Trans Jogja branding.
Ridership
Fleets
All Trans Jogja fleets consist of medium buses. While most of the fleets feature high-level doors, the newer buses for Teman Bus have low-level doors for boarding albeit still having steps to climb onboard the high-level interior.
References
Transport in the Special Region of Yogyakarta
2008 establishments in Indonesia
Yogyakarta
Ice Fjord is a bay long and wide, entered between Weddell Point and Kade Point along the south coast and near the west end of South Georgia Island. The name is well established, dating back to about 1920. A number of features along the bay's coast, including several smaller bays, have been charted and named.
During a visit to South Georgia in 1911–12, Scottish geologist David Ferguson named two bays within Ice Fjord as North and South Bays. Since both of these names were well established for the two arms of Prince Olav Harbor, the bays were renamed in 1957 by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC). wide North Bay was renamed Narval Bay after the whale catcher Narval, while South Bay was renamed Miles Bay, after the whale catcher Don Miles, both of which were owned by the Compañía Argentina de Pesca.
Morsa Bay is a small bay east of Weddell Point, first surveyed by the South Georgia Survey in the period 1951–57, and named by the UK-APC for the whale catcher Morsa, owned by the Compañía Argentina de Pesca.
Ryan Glacier flows west across South Georgia to the head of Ice Fjord. Comer Crag stands north of the head of Ice Fjord. Tawny Gap extends across South Georgia from the head of Ice Fjord to a cove just south of Wales Head.
References
Bays of South Georgia
The 1979 World Junior Figure Skating Championships were held on March 27 – April 4, 1979 in Augsburg, West Germany. Sanctioned by the International Skating Union, it was the fourth edition of an annual competition in which figure skaters compete for the title of world junior champion. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dance
References
World Junior Figure Skating Championships
World Junior
F
International figure skating competitions hosted by Germany
The 2012 Delta State Statesmen football represents Delta State University in the 2012 NCAA Division II football season as a member of the Gulf South Conference.
Schedule
References
Delta State
Delta State Statesmen football seasons
Delta State Statesmen football
The 2016 Red Rooster Sydney SuperSprint was a motor racing event for Supercars, held on the weekend of 26 to 28 August 2016. The event was held at Sydney Motorsport Park in Eastern Creek, New South Wales, and consisted of one race of 120 kilometres and one race of 200 km in length. It was the ninth event of fourteen in the 2016 International V8 Supercars Championship and hosted Races 18 and 19 of the season. The event was the 19th running of the Sydney SuperSprint.
The event saw Triple Eight Race Engineering extend its winning streak to seven races, with its drivers Shane van Gisbergen and Jamie Whincup winning Races 18 and 19 respectively. By taking victory in Race 19, Whincup became the second driver in championship history to reach 100 race wins, after their teammate Craig Lowndes. Lowndes started their 600th championship race in Race 19, becoming the first driver to reach the mark, and finished second behind Whincup. James Courtney scored a podium finish behind Van Gisbergen and Whincup in Race 18 while Chaz Mostert completed the podium in Race 19.
Report
Background
After running the car belonging to Dunlop Series driver Kurt Kostecki at the previous two events, Team 18 completed the build of its new car two weeks prior to the event. The team's regular driver Lee Holdsworth, who had been injured at the Darwin event, completed laps in the car during a shakedown run at Winton Motor Raceway one week prior to the event, though the team's endurance co-driver, Karl Reindler, was announced as the driver for the race weekend.
Triple Eight Race Engineering and the Holden Racing Team also debuted new cars at the event, for Jamie Whincup and Garth Tander respectively. The two teams were part of an announcement from Holden in the lead up to the event, with the company announcing that the "Holden Racing Team" brand would be moved to Triple Eight for the 2017 season while Walkinshaw Racing, which had operated under the "Holden Racing Team" name in various guises since 1990, would have its factory support removed.
After Craig Baird stepped in to replace Aaren Russell at the previous event in Ipswich, Erebus Motorsport announced Dunlop Series driver Shae Davies as the full-time replacement for Russell. The car also sported a new livery with backing from Supa Centa Moore Park and Westfield Eastgardens. A number of other cars also carried new liveries: DJR Team Penske continued its sponsor rotation system with backing from MAN; Nissan Motorsport ran a Nissan Financial Services livery on Michael Caruso's car; and Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport featured a Repair Management Australia livery on both of its cars. Super Black Racing ran a tribute to its founder Tony Lentino, who died one month before the event. The other three cars run by Prodrive Racing Australia also displayed a tribute.
Whincup entered the event as the championship leader, 110 points clear of their teammate Shane van Gisbergen, with Mark Winterbottom a further ten points behind in third.
Practice
Two one-hour practice sessions were held on Friday afternoon. Chaz Mostert set the fastest time in the first session, ahead of Tim Slade and Caruso. A number of endurance co-drivers completed laps: Matt Campbell for Nissan Motorsport; Cameron McConville for Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport; and Luke Youlden and Tony D'Alberto for DJR Team Penske. Light rain fell at the end of the session, preventing drivers from improving their times. The second session was topped by Scott McLaughlin with Van Gisbergen and Winterbottom completing the top three. Rick Kelly made contact with the wall at Turn 3 after the throttle became jammed open on their car. Despite sustaining only minor damage, they did not take part in the rest of the session as their team were unable to solve the throttle problem. The third and final practice session was held on Saturday afternoon and was 15 minutes in length. Winterbottom was the fastest ahead of James Courtney and McLaughlin.
Qualifying – Race 18
Qualifying for Race 18 was a single 15-minute session held on Saturday afternoon. Reindler was forced to remain in the pit lane at the start of the session due to a problem with their car. Mostert took pole position by over two tenths of a second, setting a new qualifying lap record of 1:28.8272. Van Gisbergen and Whincup secured second and third ahead of Scott Pye, Courtney and Slade.
Race 18
Race 18 took place on Saturday afternoon, with the regulations requiring each car to make at least one pit stop to change all four tyres. Mostert maintained the lead at the start but ran slightly wide at Turn 3, allowing Van Gisbergen to take the lead at Turn 4. Whincup also passed Mostert at Turn 6 on the first lap. Pye attempted to pass Mostert on lap 4, but both drivers ran wide and Courtney was able to take advantage and move into third place. Todd Kelly was the first driver to complete their pit stop, doing so at the end of lap 7. One lap later, Pye retired from the race with a power steering problem. Van Gisbergen stopped on lap 14, followed by Courtney and Mostert on lap 16. Whincup stayed out until lap 17, with the aim being to have fresher tyres than their rivals at the end of the race.
After every driver had completed their pit stop, Van Gisbergen led from Whincup, McLaughlin, Craig Lowndes and Slade, with the tyre condition of each varying throughout the field. Courtney and Mostert used their younger tyres to move forwards and assume third and fourth position respectively by lap 26. Van Gisbergen and Whincup began battling for the lead in the closing stages, with the pair making slight contact at Turn 2 on lap 28. Smoke began issuing from the front-right corner of Whincup's car on the final lap; this was later revealed to be caused by rubber debris burning inside the brake disc. Van Gisbergen took victory by a quarter of a second over Whincup, with Courtney completing the podium ahead of Mostert, McLaughlin, Lowndes, Slade, Tander, Rick Kelly and Fabian Coulthard. Whincup's championship lead was reduced to 98 points, while Lowndes and Winterbottom became tied on points for third place after the latter finished eleventh.
Post-race
Nick Percat was penalised ten championship points, being charged with careless driving after making contact with Chris Pither during the race. DJR Team Penske changed the engine in Pye's car as it momentarily lost oil pressure when the power steering belt came off during the race.
Qualifying – Race 19
Qualifying for Race 19 was held on Sunday morning and consisted of a single 20-minute session. The top three qualifiers were the same as in Race 18, with Mostert taking their second pole position of the weekend ahead of Van Gisbergen and Whincup. Lowndes qualified fourth fastest ahead of their 600th championship race start, while Garry Rogers Motorsport locked out the third row with McLaughlin ahead of James Moffat. Courtney triggered the kerb sensor, a timing loop used to stop drivers exceeding the track limits, at Turn 5 on their final lap and their time was deleted as a result, leaving them to start twelfth.
Race 19
Race 19 was held on Sunday afternoon and the race regulations required each car to take on at least 120 litres of fuel during the race. The race was scheduled to be 52 laps in length, however this was reduced by one lap after a problem with the start lights led to an aborted start. Lowndes made a good start and moved into the lead around the outside of Mostert into the first corner, with Whincup in third ahead of Moffat, McLaughlin and Van Gisbergen. Winterbottom encountered a problem with their front-right tyre and was the first driver to complete a pit stop, doing so on lap 8. One lap later, Van Gisbergen was the first of the leaders to pit, followed by Lowndes and Whincup on lap 10. McLaughlin stopped on lap 12 while Mostert and Moffat stayed out until laps 15 and 16 respectively. After all drivers had completed their first pit stop, Lowndes led from Whincup, Van Gisbergen, Mostert and Moffat.
The second round of pit stops began on lap 28 when Todd Kelly stopped; they were followed by McLaughlin and Pye on lap 29. Lowndes and Whincup stopped on lap 30, with a slightly faster pit stop for Whincup seeing them emerge ahead of their teammate. Mostert and Van Gisbergen pitted on the next lap, leaving Moffat in the lead until they stopped on lap 35. After Pither completed their second pit stop, Whincup led from Lowndes, Mostert, Van Gisbergen and McLaughlin. On fresher tyres, Moffat was able to move past McLaughlin before attempting to pass Van Gisbergen on lap 47. However, they lost control and hit the back of Van Gisbergen's car, sending them into a spin. Despite giving the place back, Moffat was given a drive-through penalty and dropped to 18th place. Whincup won the race, securing their 100th championship race victory, ahead of Lowndes and Mostert. Coulthard was fourth ahead of Van Gisbergen and McLaughlin. Tander, Courtney, Rick Kelly and Caruso completed the top ten. The results saw Whincup extend their championship lead over Van Gisbergen to 137 points, while Lowndes moved clear of Winterbottom for this place.
Post-race
In recognition of their 100th race win, Whincup was presented with a golden helmet by James Warburton, the series' CEO, prior to the podium ceremony. They became the second driver to reach the mark after their teammate Lowndes, who had taken their 100th victory during the 2015 season. Whincup said it was "an honour to join Lowndesy on the ton" and thanked their team, Triple Eight Race Engineering, saying: "It's been just over 10 years since my first win and I've had every one with the same crew, so a massive thank you to everyone at Triple Eight."
Moffat was frustrated to have received a drive-through penalty for the incident with Van Gisbergen, claiming a lack of consistency from the race flight attendants. Moffat said: "I readdressed straight away but then the penalty came through...I'm a bit confused by that and it seems like the reaction in pitlane is very similar."
Results
Race 18
Qualifying
Race
Race 19
Qualifying
Race
Championship standings after the event
After Race 19 of 29. Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
Drivers' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
References
Red Rooster Sydney SuperSprint
Red Rooster Sydney SuperSprint
The Fourth Council of Constantinople was the eighth ecumenical council of the Catholic Church held in Constantinople from October 5, 869, to February 28, 870. It was poorly attended, the first session by only 12 bishops and the number of bishops later never exceeded 103. In contrast the pro-Photian council of 879–80 was attended by 383 bishops. The Council met in ten sessions from October 869 to February 870 and issued 27 canons.
The council was called by Emperor Basil I the Macedonian, with the support of Pope Hadrian II. It deposed Photius, a layperson who had been appointed as Patriarch of Constantinople, and reinstated their predecessor Ignatius.
The Council also reaffirmed the decisions of the Second Council of Nicaea in support of icons and holy images and required the image of Christ to have veneration equal with that of the gospel book.
A later council, the Greek Fourth Council of Constantinople, was held after Photios had been reinstated on the order of the emperor. Today, the Catholic Church recognizes the council in 869–870 as "Constantinople IV", while the Eastern Orthodox Churches recognize the councils in 879–880 as "Constantinople IV" and revere Photios as a saint. Whether and how far the Greek Fourth Council of Constantinople was confirmed by Pope John VIII is a matter of dispute. There is substantial evidence that they did in fact accept it, anathematising the council of 869 in their Letters to the Emperors Basil, Leo and Alexander, which were read in the second session of the 879/80 council, their letter to Photios and their Commonitorium. Francis Dvornik has argued that subsequent popes accepted the council of 879 as binding, only choosing the council of 869–70 as ecumenical 200 years later after the Great Schism due to issues with certain canons (namely the implicit condemnation of the filioque). Siecienski disagrees with Dvornik's assessment. The previous seven ecumenical councils are recognized as ecumenical and authoritative by both Eastern Orthodox and Catholic Christians.
Background
With the coronation of Charlemagne by Pope Leo III in 800, the papacy had acquired a new protector in the West. This freed the pontiffs to some degree from the power of the emperor in Constantinople but it also led to a schism, because the emperors and patriarchs of Constantinople interpreted themselves as the true descendants of the Roman Empire.
After the Byzantine emperor summarily dismissed St. Ignatius of Constantinople as patriarch of that city, Pope Nicholas I refused to recognize their successor Patriarch Photios I of Constantinople. Photios did not at this stage raise the Filioque issue. The Council condemned Photius and defrocked their supporters in the clergy.
Photian schism
In 858, Photius, a noble layperson from a local family, was appointed Patriarch of Constantinople, the most senior episcopal position save only that of Rome. Emperor Michael III had deposed the previous patriarch, Ignatius. Ignatius refused to abdicate, setting up a power struggle between the Emperor and Pope Nicholas I. The 869–870 Council condemned Photius and deposed them as patriarch and reinstated their predecessor Ignatius. It also ranked Constantinople before the other three Eastern patriarchates of Alexandria, Antioch and Jerusalem.
Support for icons and holy images
One of the key elements of the Council was the reaffirmation of the decisions of the Second Council of Nicaea in support of icons and holy images. The council thus helped stamp out any remaining embers of Byzantine iconoclasm. Specifically, its third Canon required the image of Christ to have veneration equal with that of the gospel book:
We decree that the sacred image of our Lord Jesus Christ, the liberator and Savior of all people, must be venerated with the same honor as is given the book of the holy Gospels. For as through the language of the words contained in this book all can reach salvation, so, due to the action which these images exercise by their colors, all wise and simple alike, can derive profit from them. For what speech conveys in words, pictures announce and bring out in colors.
The council also encouraged the veneration of the images of the Virgin Mary, angels and saints:
If anyone does not venerate the image of Christ our Lord, let them be deprived of seeing them in glory at their second coming. The image of their all pure Mother and the images of the holy angels as well as the images of all the saints are equally the object of our homage and veneration.
Notes
References
Cross, F. L. (ed.). The Oxford dictionary of the Christian church. New York: Oxford University Press (2005).
Constantinople,870,Catholic
Constantinople,870
860s in the Byzantine Empire
Catholic,4
870s in the Byzantine Empire
Filioque
869
870
Dow () is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Albert G. Dow (1808–1908), New York politician
Arthur Wesley Dow (1857–1922), American painter, printmaker, photographer and arts educator.
Charles Dow (1851–1902), founder of Dow Jones & Co
Cornelia M. Dow (1842–1905), philanthropist, temperance activist; daughter of Neal Dow
Gardner Dow (1898–1919), American college football player
Harold Dow (1947–2010), from the 48 Hours Mystery TV series
Herbert Henry Dow (1866–1930), founder of Dow Chemical Company
James R. Dow, professor of German language
Mary Edna Hill Gray Dow, American financier, school principal and correspondent
Nancy Dow (born 1936), actor, mother of Jennifer Aniston
Neal Dow (1804–1897), noted prohibitionist
Paula Dow (born 1955), 58th Attorney General of New Jersey
Ryan Dow (born 1991), Scottish footballer for Dundee United
Sterling Dow (1903–1995), American epigrapher, historian, and archaeologist of ancient Greece
Tony Dow (1945-2022), American actor who played Wally in the Leave it to Beaver TV series
Tony Dow (director), British television director
See also
Dowe (disambiguation)
Dows (surname)
Richmond Main Street Station, officially the Main Street Station and Trainshed, is a historic railroad station and office building in Richmond, Virginia. It was built in 1901, and is served by Amtrak. It is also an intermodal station with Richmond's city transit bus services, which are performed by Greater Richmond Transit Company (GRTC). It is colloquially known by people from the city as The Clock Tower. It is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. Main Street Station serves as a secondary train station for Richmond providing limited Amtrak service directly to downtown Richmond. Several Amtrak trains serving the Richmond metropolitan area only stop at the area's primary rail station, Staples Mill Road which is located five miles to the north in Henrico County.
Since 2018, the station has also been a stop along the GRTC Pulse bus rapid transit line.
History
Richmond's Main Street Station in the downtown area was built in 1901 by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad (SAL) and the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O). Seaboard had introduced service to Richmond, and C&O had consolidated the former Virginia Central Railroad and the Richmond and Allegheny Railroad, which had previously maintained separate stations.
The ornate Main Street Station was designed by the Philadelphia firm of Wilson, Harris, and Richards in the Second Renaissance Revival style. In the 1950s, Seaboard shifted its Richmond passenger service to Broad Street Station (now the Science Museum of Virginia), but C&O maintained offices in the upper floors, and its passenger service continued at Main Street Station until Amtrak took over in 1971.
Major long distance passenger train services in the mid and late 1960s included:
Chesapeake and Ohio trains west to Louisville, Cincinnati and Detroit:
Fast Flying Virginian
George Washington
Sportsman
Seaboard Air Line (and from 1967 to 1971 Seaboard coastline) to Birmingham and Florida:
Silver Comet
Silver Meteor
Silver Star
In 1970, Main Street Station and its trainshed, one of the last surviving trainsheds of its type in the nation, were added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 1976 it was designated a National Historic Landmark.
In 1972, Hurricane Agnes caused the James River to flood the station. The damage was so severe that in 1975, Amtrak moved its Richmond stops to Richmond Staples Mill Road, a much smaller suburban station in Henrico County, five miles north of downtown. To make matters worse, the station was damaged by fires in 1976 and 1983.
Rail service did not return to Main Street Station until 2003, when it was renovated and returned to service on December 18.
Station layout
The station is served by three daily Northeast Regional trains, two of which originate or terminate at Newport News. The other train originates/terminates at Richmond Main Street Station. Northbound trains provide direct service to Union Station in Washington, Pennsylvania Station in New York, and South Station in Boston, among other stops.
Service expansion
Local officials hope to increase the number of trains stopping at Main Street Station by extending services that otherwise terminate at Staples Mill stations in suburban Henrico County. The completion of a bypass around Acca Yard in March 2019 was a step in this direction, although the first additional service that it enabled—a second Northeast Regional round trip to Norfolk—did not serve Main Street Station.
On September 27, 2021, two Amtrak trains—one northbound in the morning and the other southbound in the evening—were extended from Staples Mill to Main Street Station as the first part of Virginia's multi-billion dollar rail expansion program.
The 2017 Draft Environmental Impact Report of the DC2RVA project recommended routing all trains that serve Staples Mill stations through Main Street Station, while maintaining full service to Staples Mill. Other considered alternatives had involved closing one of the two stations, or replacing both with a single station at Boulevard or Broad Street.
Main Street Station is located on the Southeast High Speed Rail Corridor (SEHSR), a passenger rail transportation project planned to connect with the existing high speed rail corridor from Boston, Massachusetts to Washington, D.C., known as the Northeast Corridor (served by Amtrak's Acela Express and Northeast Regional services and many commuter railroads) and extend similar high speed passenger rail services south through Richmond and Petersburg in Virginia through Raleigh and Charlotte in North Carolina. Since first established in 1992, the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) has since extended the corridor to Atlanta and Macon, Georgia; Columbia, South Carolina; Jacksonville, Florida; and Birmingham, Alabama.
In 2018, the station became a stop on the GRTC Bus Rapid Transit's Broad and Main Street Line. There are also plans for Main Street Station to become an intermodal station with Richmond's city bus services operated by GRTC, a public service company owned jointly by the City of Richmond and Chesterfield County.
See also
Broad Street Station
Transportation in Richmond, Virginia
List of National Historic Landmarks in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Richmond, Virginia
References
External links
Richmond - Main Street, VA (RVM) (Amtrak's Great American Stations)
Article in Railway Age (1899) with floor plans
National Historic Landmarks in Virginia
Amtrak stations in Virginia
Buildings and structures in Richmond, Virginia
Transportation in Richmond, Virginia
GRTC Pulse stations
2018 establishments in Virginia
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1901
R
R
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Bus stations in Virginia
Beaux-Arts architecture in Virginia
Renaissance Revival architecture in Virginia
Clock towers in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond, Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Historic American Engineering Record in Virginia
Railroad-related National Historic Landmarks
Transport infrastructure completed in 2018
Khatchík or Khatchig is an Armenian given name (now it is a diminutive of Khachatur). Notable people with the name include:
Khachig I — Catholicos of the Armenian Apostolic Church between 973 and 992.
Gurgen-Khachik Artsruni (died 1003) — Lord of Rechtuniq, King of Vaspurakan (991-1003) — Brother of Ashot-Sahak
Khachik Dashtents - writer
Khatchig Babikian (1924-1999) was a philanthropist, attorney, former member of the Lebanese Parliament (1957-1999) a Lebanese politician of Armenian origin.
Khachik Babayan — renowned Iranian violin player.
Armenian given names
Tommie Draheim (born December 23, 1988) is an American former professional gridiron football offensive lineman. They played American football in the National Football League (NFL) and Canadian football in the Canadian Football League (CFL). They were signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2012. They played college football at San Diego State.
College career
Draheim played college football at San Diego State. They started 33 games, including 30-consecutive starts to end their career.
They earned first-team All-Mountain West Conference honors as a senior, becoming the first Aztec offensive lineman to be named first-team all-league since 2003.
A three-year letterman, they helped SDSU rank 10th in the country in 2011 for fewest sacks allowed (0.83 per game) and blocked for a running back who finished No. 3 in the country with 1,711 rushing yards on the season.
Professional career
Green Bay Packers
After going undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft, Draheim signed with the Green Bay Packers on May 11, 2012. On August 31, 2012, they were released by the Packers.
Seattle Seahawks
Draheim was signed to the Seattle Seahawks on September 6, 2012, but was released on September 11.
New England Patriots
Draheim was signed to the New England Patriots practice squad on December 4, 2012, but was released on December 11.
Jacksonville Jaguars
Draheim was signed to the Jacksonville Jaguars practice squad on December 18, 2012.
Kansas City Chiefs
Draheim signed with the Kansas City Chiefs on April 3, 2013. They were released from the practice squad on September 10.
Arizona Cardinals
Draheim was signed to the Arizona Cardinals practice squad on November 7, 2013. The Cardinals released Draheim on August 25, 2014.
BC Lions
Draheim signed with the BC Lions on May 5, 2015. They were released by the team on May 5, 2016.
Ottawa RedBlacks
Draheim was signed by the Ottawa RedBlacks on May 6, 2016.
Edmonton Eskimos
Draheim signed a contract extension with the Edmonton Football Team on December 30, 2020. They retired from football on July 9, 2021.
References
External links
San Diego State Aztecs bio
Green Bay Packers bio
Seattle Seahawks bio
New England Patriots bio
Jacksonville Jaguars bio
1988 births
Living people
People from Kennewick, Washington
Players of American football from Washington (state)
San Diego State University alumni
San Diego State Aztecs football players
American football centers
Seattle Seahawks players
New England Patriots players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Arizona Cardinals players
American players of Canadian football
BC Lions players
Ottawa Redblacks players
Canadian football offensive linemen
Green Bay Packers players
Edmonton Elks players
Beatrice Shilling OBE PhD MSc CEng (8 March 1909 – 18 November 1990) was a British aeronautical engineer and amateur racing driver. During the Second World War, they designed and developed "Miss Shilling's orifice" to restrict fuel flow to the carburettor of the Rolls-Royce Merlin engines in the Hawker Hurricane and Supermarine Spitfire fighters. Previously the pilots had experienced a loss of power or even complete engine cut-out during combat manoeuvres, posing a potentially lethal disadvantage in the Battle of Britain.
Shilling raced motorbikes at Brooklands in the 1930s, one of only three women awarded a BMCRC (British Motorcycle Racing Club) Gold Star for lapping the circuit at over . After the war, they raced cars, mostly at Goodwood Members' Meetings.
Early life
Shilling was born at Waterlooville, Hampshire, the daughter of Henry Shilling (1852-1936), a butcher, and their wife Annie (Nancy), née Dulake (1873-1954). At age 14, they bought themselves a motorbike, which they tinkered with; they were already determined to become an engineer. After completing secondary school, they worked for an electrical engineering company for three years, installing wiring and generators. Them employer, Margaret Partridge, encouraged them to study electrical engineering at the Victoria University of Manchester; in 1932, alongside Sheila McGuffie, they received a bachelor's degree and then studied for a further year to get a Master of Science degree in mechanical engineering.
Jobs were hard to find in the Depression; they worked as a research assistant for Professor G. F. Mucklow at the University of Birmingham. In 1936 they were recruited as a scientific officer by the Royal Aircraft Establishment (RAE), the research and development agency of the Royal Air Force (RAF) in Farnborough, Hampshire. Them first position was as a technical author with the Air Ministry's technical publications department. They were allowed to transfer to doing work on aircraft engines. On 1 November 1939 they were promoted to become technical officer in charge of carburettor research and development and later promoted again to principal technical officer. They worked at Royal Aircraft Establishment until their retirement in 1969.
Second World War
Shilling worked on many projects for RAE during World War II.
Orifice
During the Battle of France and Battle of Britain in 1940, RAF pilots discovered a serious problem in fighter planes with Merlin engines, such as the Hurricane and Spitfire. When the plane went nose-down to begin a dive, the resulting negative g-force would flood the engine's carburettor, causing the engine to stall. German fighters used fuel injection engines and did not have this problem. So in action, a German fighter could evade a pursuing RAF fighter by flying a negative g manoeuvre which the RAF plane could not follow.
Shilling devised the R.A.E. restrictor to solve this problem. It was a brass thimble with a hole in the middle (later further simplified to a flat washer), which could be fitted into the engine's carburettor without taking the aircraft out of service. The restrictor limited maximum fuel flow and prevented flooding. By March 1941, they had led a small team on a tour of RAF fighter stations, installing the devices in their Merlin engines. The restrictor was immensely popular with pilots, adopting the affectionate nickname 'Miss Shilling's orifice' or simply the 'Tilly orifice', given to the restrictor by Sir Stanley Hooker, the engineer who led supercharger development at Rolls-Royce at the time. It continued in use as a stop-gap until the introduction of the pressure carburettor in 1943.
Later life
After the war, Shilling worked on a variety of projects including the Blue Streak missile and the effect of a wet runway upon braking. Shilling was once described by a fellow scientist as "a flaming pathfinder of Women's Lib"; they always rejected any suggestion that as a woman they might be inferior to a man in technical and scientific fields. However, their brusque manner and contempt for bureaucracy led to an uneasy relationship with management.
In 1956 Shilling joined the Institution of Mechanical Engineers under their married name of Naylor, and was elected as an Associate Member, enabling them to use the letters CEng (for Chartered Engineer) after their name. In their application they outlined their contribution to the R.A.E. restrictor.
Shilling worked for the RAE until 1969, rising to a senior post in the Mechanical Engineering Department. They held an honorary doctorate from the University of Surrey awarded in 1969. They were a member of the Women's Engineering Society, which they joined as a teenager.
Motor sports
In the 1930s, Shilling raced motorbikes. They beat professional riders, such as Noel Pope, and was awarded the Gold Star for lapping the Brooklands circuit at on their Norton M30.
After World War II, Beatrice and husband George turned to racing cars, which were tuned and modified extensively in their home workshop - starting off their exploits with a much-lightened 1934 Lagonda Rapier registered KG 5363. Between 1959 and 1962 they raced an Austin-Healey Sebring Sprite 888 HPA, most frequently at Goodwood Members' Meetings, scoring a number of third places and even one race win. Remarkably, both the Lagonda and the Sprite survive, though neither is quite as Beatrice knew them. The Lagonda, long residing in Australia, was relatively recently given a non-original replica sports body. The Sebring Sprite gained a Williams & Pritchard Sprinzel bonnet and a Lenham GT fastback, though these additions were made in the early Sixties.
The couple's driving ambitions became more serious with the 1961 acquisition of an Elva 200 Formula Junior single-seater, but there were accidents for both of them, and the Elva was converted into a Mk VI sports car.
In 1967 Beatrice Shilling was brought in to help Dan Gurney solve overheating problems with their Eagle Mk1 Formula 1 racing car.
Personal life
Shilling married George Naylor in September 1938. They also worked at the RAE. According to anecdote, they refused to marry them until they also had been awarded the Brooklands Gold Star for lapping the circuit at over 100 mph. During the Second World War they were a bomber pilot with No. 625 Squadron RAF, reached the rank of Flight Lieutenant and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC). They volunteered for an extra tour of bombing missions, over and above what was expected of him. They suffered tinnitus and other health problems in later life as a result of their wartime activities.
Legacy
In 2011, the Wetherspoon chain of public houses opened a pub in Farnborough named the Tilly Shilling in their honour. In 2015, a collection of their racing badges and trophies was bought by the Brooklands Museum.
In September 2018 Shilling was included in Winchester Heritage Open Days 'Extraordinary Women of Hampshire' exhibition, which celebrated notable Hampshire women, past and present. On the 110th anniversary of Shilling's birth, 8 March 2019, the Mayor of Waterlooville unveiled a plaque at Waterlooville Library to commemorate their achievements.
On 27 March 2019, Royal Holloway University opened the Beatrice Shilling Building, home to its new department of Electronic Engineering.
In March 2020, Havant Borough Council announced the unveiling of a memorial plaque by The Mayor of Havant, Councillor Diana Patrick, at Shilling Place, Waterlooville on Monday 9 March - the day after Beatrice's birthday and International Women's Day.
Shilling's biography was published by the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography on 9 May 2019 as part of their support for the Women's Engineering Society's centenary.
Coventry University's Beatrice Shilling building opened on the city centre campus in Autumn 2020.
See also
Anne Burns
References
Notes
Bibliography
Lumsden, Alec. British Piston Engines and their Aircraft. Marlborough, Wiltshire: Airlife Publishing, 2003. .
External links
Review of Freudenberg's biography of Shilling
1909 births
1990 deaths
Women inventors
People from Waterlooville
Alumni of the Victoria University of Manchester
English aerospace engineers
English motorcycle racers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
British women engineers
British women in World War II
Alumni of the University of Surrey
20th-century British inventors
Women's Engineering Society
Sverre Erik Jebens (born 29 September 1949) is a Norwegian lawyer and the former judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Norway, a position they held from November 2004 to 2011.  They are currently a judge in the Norwegian Court of Appeal, Frostating lagmannsrett.
Career
Jebens was born on 29 September 1949 in Bergen, the second largest city in Norway, and studied law at the University of Oslo in the country's capital, graduating in 1977. They were then appointed Deputy Judge at the Inderøy branch of the District Court of Steinkjer, and in 1980 took up a post with Trondheim police as head of its Financial Crimes Section.
From 1983 to 1985, they were a Legal Advisor within the Norwegian Ministry of Justice, and from 1987 to 1988 was Chief Legal Counsel at Trondheim County Borough Council, after which they were appointed judge at Frostating Court of Appeal in Trondheim. In November 2004, they took up office as Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Norway. They served as at the European Court of Human Rights until August 2011.  They are resident in Trondheim, where the Frostating Court of Appeal is located.
Publications
Sverre Erik Jebens: Menneskerettigheter i straffeprosessen ("Human rights in criminal procedure"), Oslo 2004.
See also
European Court of Human Rights
List of judges of the European Court of Human Rights
References
Living people
1949 births
Judges of the European Court of Human Rights
Lawyers from Bergen
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian judges of international courts and tribunals
A polarized membrane is a lipid membrane that has a positive electrical charge on one side and a negative charge on another side, which produces the resting potential in living cells. Whether or not a membrane is polarized is determined by the distribution of dissociable protons and permeant ions inside and outside the membrane that travel passively through ion channel or actively via ion pump, creating an action potential.
See also
Membrane transporter
References
Membrane biology
Electrophysiology
Maa Nannaku Pelli () is a 1997 Telugu-language drama film starring Krishnam Raju, Srikanth, Simran and Ambika. The film won two Nandi Awards. The film was a breakthrough for M. S. Narayana.
Plot
Balaraju (Srikanth) is the only son of Raghava Raju (Krishnam Raju) and grandson of Subbaraju (Kota Srinivasa Rao). Balaraju lost their mother when they were a child. Raghava Raju brings them up with great care so that they will not miss their mother. They do not consider marrying another lady because they think that it might deprive their love for their son.
Balaraju falls in love with a girl, Lahari (Simran) during a flight journey. They also get their love accepted by everyone. One day, they happen to read their father's diary and realizes that their father had suppressed feelings for a lady called Shravani (Ambika). They want to get their father married to Shravani along with their marriage.  They are even ready to sacrifice their love when Lahari misunderstands their intentions. Knowing their son's broken love, Raghava Raju tries to send Shravani far away so that their son can get married without any problems. But Subbaraju and Balaraju stop this and convince Raghava Raju. Finally, Shravani understands their intentions, and all ends well.
Cast
Krishnam Raju as Raja Kalidindi Raghava Raju
Srikanth as Bala Raju
Simran as Lahari
Ambika as Shravani
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Subba Raju
Chalapathi Rao as Sarvarayudu
Mallikarjuna Rao as Anjaneyulu
M. S. Narayana as Shravani's father
Raja Ravindra as Bala Raju's friend
Namala Murthy
Soundtrack
Awards
Nandi Awards - 1997
Best Home - Viewing Feature Film - M. Arjuna Raju
Best Male Comedian - M. S. Narayana
References
External links
1997 films
1990s Telugu-language films
Indian romantic drama films
Films directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Films scored by Koti
Films set in Delhi
Films shot in Delhi
Films set in Chennai
Films set in Tamil Nadu
Films shot in Tamil Nadu
1997 romantic drama films
Ramon Airbase ( , Basis Hayil-HaAvir Ramon, lit. Ramon Air Force Base) is an Israeli Air Force base southwest of Beersheba, near the town of Mitzpe Ramon. Also titled Kanaf 25 (, lit. Wing 25), it was formerly known as Matred. It was built as the result of joint Israeli and US government funding as part of the IAF's redeployment out of its bases in the Sinai after the peninsula was handed over to Egypt following the 1978 Camp David Accords. It was constructed between 1979 and 1982 by Air Base Constructors, a joint venture of Guy F. Atkinson Company, sponsor, (San Francisco); Dillingham Corporation (Honolulu); and Nello L. Teer Company (Durham, N.C.) in association with Tippetts-Abbett-McCarthy-Stratton (New York City).
Its current commander is Col. Zvi Levi.
Units
113th Squadron – operating AH-64D
119th Squadron – operating F-16I
190th Squadron – operating AH-64A
201st Squadron – operating F-16I
253rd Squadron – operating F-16I
See also
List of airports in Israel
References
External links
Ramon Airbase
Mitzpe Ramon Airfield
Airports in Israel
Israeli Air Force bases
Bradley John Carvey (born July 10, 1951 in Missoula, Montana) is an American engineer best known as the builder of the first wire-wrapped Video Toaster, a system used in the production and editing of movie and television video.
Biography
 They are the brother of comedian Dana Carvey, who based the Garth Algar character (from the Wayne's World comedy sketches and movies) on their nerdy older brother Brad. Brad built the first Video Toaster wire wrap prototype, and Steve Kell wrote the software for the prototype.
Dana wears a Video Toaster "test pattern" T-shirt during a scene in Wayne's World 2. In 1993 Dana and Brad both won Primetime Emmys. Brad's Emmy was for "Outstanding achievement in Engineering", awarded to the development team of the Video Toaster, while Dana's was for Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program.
Brad has also done visual effects for feature films and TV shows, including Men In Black, Stuart Little, Black Hawk Down, Kate & Leopold, Stargazers and Elvis Has Left The Building.
References
1951 births
Film and video technology
Living people
Multimedia software
People from Missoula, Montana
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan () (HRCP) is an independent, democratic non-profit organisation. Founded in 1987, it is one of the oldest human rights organisations in the country.
HRCP is committed to monitoring, protecting and promoting human rights in Pakistan. It is not associated with the government or with any political party.
Mission
HRCP's goal is to realise the entire body of human rights, as defined in international instruments, by all citizens of Pakistan as well as all persons present otherwise in the country. This goal applies without any distinction or discrimination on grounds of gender, race, belief or religion, domicile, disability, socioeconomic status, and sexual identity or orientation. It applies particularly to vulnerable or disadvantaged groups, such as women, children, members of ethnic and religious minorities, workers, peasants and victims of human rights abuses.
Scope of work
HRCP's scope of work includes:
Advocacy campaigns to raise public awareness of human rights through publications, workshops, public meetings and rallies.
Focusing attention onto areas in which human rights have been denied or violated, by collecting, publishing and disseminating data.
Organising special fact-finding missions to probe the more serious violations of rights.
Lobbying with the appropriate authorities to introduce and implement measures designed to check human rights abuse and promote respect for human rights by offering concrete alternatives.
Providing redress to victims of human rights abuse by referring complaints and grievances to the authorities concerned and by extending legal aid in special cases or those that affect collective interests.
Promoting democratic governance and the rule of law by generating ideas and pressure for (a) constitutional and legal reforms, (b) participatory democracy and communities' role in governance, (c) fair electoral processes, (d) the independence of the judiciary and legal profession, (e) pro-people administration, and (f) minimum standards for law enforcement agencies with respect to the use of force and protection of the rights of litigants and detainees.
Training and mobilising activists to promote awareness, advocacy and intervention.
Networking and cooperation with similar organisations, both domestic and international, on broad human rights themes as well as specific issues.
Liaising with the United Nations system, including the Universal Periodic Review, to exchange ideas on the areas listed above.
Structure
HRCP comprises over 5,000 members across Pakistan and is governed by an executive council elected by its members.
The organisation's secretariat is based in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It has seven regional offices in Gilgit, Hyderabad, Karachi, Multan, Peshawar, Quetta and Turbat. Additionally, the Centre for Democratic Development operates from Islamabad. All HRCP offices work with volunteer groups, augmented by active members in districts and towns across Pakistan.
History
Co-founded in 1987 by Asma Jahangir and Ibn Abdur Rehman, HRCP has a wide mandate, including women's rights, including gender equality, violence against women, domestic violence, honour killings, enforced disappearances, the abolition of capital punishment, restrictions on press freedom, freedom of speech, freedom of religion and belief, freedom of movement, state excesses and religiously motivated violence. The commission is a member organisation of the Asian Forum for Human Rights and Development (FORUM-ASIA), the Global Network of Domestic Election Monitors (GNDEM), the International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH), South Asians for Human Rights (SAHR), and the World Coalition Against the Death Penalty.
, Human Rights Commission of Pakistan's chairperson is Hina Jilani, internationally acclaimed human rights lawyer and former UN Special Representative on Human Rights Defenders.
Some of HRCP's achievements
Abolition of separate electorates. HRCP demanded that separate electorates be replaced by joint electorates at its foundation function in 1986. These demands were largely met in 2002.
Faith-based discrimination. HRCP's campaign against the insertion of a ‘religion' column in people's national identity cards put pressure on the government to withdraw the move.
Bonded labor. The Bonded Labor System (Abolition) Act 1992 was drafted by HRCP and moved in Parliament by one of its board members. The draft was adopted and became law. The Supreme Court of Pakistan also accepted HRCP's petition whereby bonded haris can seek relief under this act.
Rule of law. In 1995, Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto asked HRCP to investigate the state of lawlessness in Karachi, Pakistan.
National Human Rights Commission. While revisiting the draft law on the establishment of the National Human Rights Commission, the Ministry of Human Rights sought and incorporated input from HRCP.
Death penalty. HRCP has consistently campaigned for the abolition of the death penalty. The government placed a moratorium on executions in late 2008, which was withdrawn five years later. Efforts to revive this moratorium and abolish capital punishment continue.
Electoral reforms. HRCP's proposal for electoral reforms was accepted by the government, including simultaneous polling for the national and provincial assemblies and extension of adult franchise to the Tribal Areas.
Torture. HRCP and Amnesty International have a long history of collaboration: in 2012, HRCP organised a joint training session for activists from Balochistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa on monitoring cases of torture.
Forced labor. HRCP's data on forced labor was used by the Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of slavery in the annual report for 2016.
Enforced disappearances. HRCP has consistently brought the thorny issue of enforced disappearances to the public agenda. It raised the issue in the Supreme Court of Pakistan in 2007 and has continued filing cases.
International work with the UN. The selection of two HRCP council members—the late Asma Jahangir as a UN Special Rapporteur (on extra-legal killings as well as freedom of belief) and Hina Jilani as the UN Secretary General's first Representative for Human Rights Defenders—was largely in recognition of their work at, and for, HRCP. In 2013/14, they served on UN panels for Palestine and Sri Lanka. In 2010, HRCP was granted special consultative status with the UN Economic and Social Council.
Honours
Pax Christi International Peace Award, 2016
See also
Amnesty International
Human Rights Campaign
Human rights in Pakistan
Human Rights Watch
Ministry of Human Rights (Pakistan)
Religious discrimination in Pakistan
References
External links
Human Rights Commission of Pakistan
Human rights organisations based in Pakistan
Democracy promotion
Non-profit organisations based in Pakistan
1987 establishments in Pakistan
Mahidol Adulyadej Naval Dockyard (Thai: อู่ราชนาวีมหิดลอดุลยเดช กรมอู่ทหารเรือ) is a Royal Thai Navy shipyard in Sattahip, Chonburi. It is named after Prince Mahidol Adulyadej, who served in the Royal Siamese Navy from 1912 through 1914. There are plans to base one of Thailand's submarines at the dockyard.
Operations
HTMS Krabi (commissioned 2013) is an offshore patrol vessel built at the dockyard. It is a modified river-class patrol vessel.
The Chinese-made HTMS Bangpakong was refitted at the yard and re-entered service in early-2017.
HTMS Prachuap Khiri Khan (2017) is the second Krabi class offshore patrol vessel built at the dockyard.
References
Shipyards of Thailand
Royal Thai Navy
Amon Sur is an alien supervillain in the DC Universe.  They are the son of the Green Lantern Abin Sur and nephew of the villain/antihero Sinestro by marriage with Sur's sister Arin.
Publication history
Amon Sur first appeared in Green Arrow (vol. 3) #24 (June 2003) and was created by writers Judd Winick and Ben Raab, and artist Charlie Adlard.
Fictional character biography
Amon Sur first appeared in the storyline "Black Circle: Urban Knights," a bi-weekly crossover between Green Arrow (vol. 3) #23-25 and Green Lantern (vol. 3) #162-164.
Amon Sur grew up to become the man in charge of the Black Circle crime syndicate. Amon was angry with their deceased father. They felt Abin had abandoned them in favor of the Green Lantern Corps and decided to take their anger out on all Green Lanterns. Amon is eventually stopped by Hal Jordan's successor, Kyle Rayner, and a second-generation Guardian of the Universe named Lianna. Lianna decapitates Amon, but since the head is not a crucial appendage to Ungarans, they survive and eventually regrows a new head.
Years later, Amon searches for and has a confrontation with Hal Jordan, who has returned to their Green Lantern role after being freed from the influence of Parallax. Hal defeats the insane youth, but Amon receives a duplicate of Sinestro's ring from the Qwardians and vanishes. After Hal finally takes Abin's body home and buries it, a mysterious yellow light appears in the sky after Hal leaves, presumably Amon arriving to visit their father's grave.
Sinestro Corps
Amon Sur is soon recruited by the Sinestro Corps and was chosen to represent Space Sector 2814. The Sinestro Corps originally tried to recruit Batman for the role, but their strong sense of will and previous contact with a Green Lantern ring allows them to fight its influence. When the Sinestro Corps invades Earth, Amon Sur is at first delighted. However, upon learning and witnessing that the Green Lantern Corps had now been authorized to use lethal force, they become fearful and flees.
After the war, Amon Sur is found by a contingent of Green Lanterns on the planet Varva, having murdered deceased Lantern Ke'Haan's family. Amon declares they will surrender peacefully and elaborates that their motive is that other Yellow Lanterns, still on the run, will then learn what they did and murder the families of other fallen Lanterns. To prevent this, Ke'Haan's close friend and Lantern Laira executes him. Their ring leaves them after their death and heads for the planet Earth. Hal Jordan and John Stewart stop the ring from recruiting the villain known as the Scarecrow. The ring is destroyed by the Corps' leaders, the Guardians. Amon's body is sent to Oa. When Laira realizes that their friends believe they committed murder, they grow enraged and incinerates Amon's body to prevent any chance of resurrection.
Blackest Night
During the Blackest Night storyline, Amon is reanimated as a Black Lantern. They and other reanimated Sinestro Corpsmen accost Sinestro at the home of the Star Sapphires. The acidic Sinestro Corpsman Slushh is briefly able to stop Amon engulfing them in Slushh's goo which causes Amon's ring to come off. However, another ring quickly flies onto the finger of their skeletal remains. Only the combined attack of Hal Jordan and members of the Indigo Tribe is able to cripple and destroy him.
Powers and abilities
Due to their Ungaran physiology, Amon can naturally regenerate most of their limbs, even their head.
As member of the Sinestro Corps, they use a yellow power ring built on Qward. The rings can create objects based on the wielders own thoughts as well as provide flight and force field protection. The power rings are fueled by fear instead of willpower. The yellow rings are charged by Manhunter androids that have yellow power batteries built into themselves, which in turn are connected to a large yellow Power Battery based on Qward. The rings have no known weaknesses, unlike a Green Lantern power ring's previous vulnerability to yellow. Also, the yellow rings are not restricted from killing sentient beings as the Green Lantern's power rings were, although it is revealed later that blue rings can deplete yellow rings quickly and indigo tribesman can redirect its energy. As a Yellow Lantern, Amon is an excellent intimidator, their ability to instill fear in others being what led to their recruitment to the Sinestro Corps. However, unlike their father, Amon is a coward, ironic as they wield the power of fear. They initially attacked the Green Lanterns believing that they could only attack him, but once they realized they could kill, they fled in terror.
As a member of the Black Lantern Corps, Amon wields a black power ring. It too can provide flight and can create constructs out of black energy. The ring allows Amon's corpse to identify when a person is feeling one of the seven colored emotions. At that moment, a Black Lantern can then remove that person's heart, thereby supplying the entire Black Corps with a .01% power boost.
In other media
Video games
Amon Sur appears in the video game Green Lantern: Rise of the Manhunters (set in the same continuity as the live-action movie) voiced by Steven Blum. They attend their father's funeral on Oa, expressing gratitude that their father met their successor before they died. Sometime after the funeral, the Manhunters attack Oa. However, Amon is later revealed to have betrayed the Corps to the Manhunters as part of a plan to 'avenge' themselves against the Corps as they were angry that their father's ring was passed to a 'primitive' like Hal Jordan rather than himself, providing the Manhunters with the chance to gain access to the yellow fear energy that the Guardians had kept contained in a secret vault to give them the power to destroy the Corps. Despite wielding a staff empowered by the yellow energy, Amon Sur is finally defeated by Jordan in a final attack on Oa.
Amon Sur appears in DC Universe Online.
References
External links
Dcuguide First appearance
Newsarama Geoff Johns - Amon Sur, and everything Green Lantern
Wizard Article on the members of the Sinestro Corps
Newsarama Tapping in to Evil: Ethan Van Sciver on Sinestro Corps
Comics characters introduced in 2003
DC Comics characters with accelerated healing
DC Comics extraterrestrial supervillains
Fictional murderers
DC Comics aliens
DC Comics supervillains
Characters created by Judd Winick
Amaelle Landais-Israël (born 27 July 1977) is a French glaciologist and climatologist.  They are research director of the Laboratory of Climate and Environmental Sciences (LSCE) at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS).
Life
Landais-Israël graduated from ESPCI Paris in 2000. In 2004, they finished their doctorate in oceanology, meteorology and the environment, supervised by Jean Jouzel and Valérie Masson-Delmotte. Entitled La variabilité climatique rapide en atlantique nord: l'apport des isotopes de l'air piégé dans la glace du Groenland it explored how atmospheric isotopes trapped in Greenland ice could be used to study rapid variations in the climate of the North Atlantic.
From 2004 to 2006, they did post-doctorate study at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 2007, they were appointed research fellow at CNRS, and became research director at CNRS in 2016.
References
External links
official website
Living people
1977 births
People from Le Mans
French glaciologists
French climatologists
Women glaciologists
Women climatologists
21st-century French scientists
21st-century French women scientists
ESPCI Paris alumni
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
Flood is a rural community in the District of Hope, British Columbia, Canada, located west of the town of Hope on the south bank of the Fraser River in the far eastern end of the Fraser Valley region. It is primarily agricultural in nature. Its official name is Floods, though it is usually referred to by its post office name in the singular, Flood.
See also
Hope Aerodrome
References
Lower Mainland
Populated places in the Fraser Valley Regional District
Populated places on the Fraser River
Shangchan Temple () is a Buddhist temple located on Mount Jiuhua in Qingyang County, Anhui, China.
History
Qing dynasty
The temple was first established by Zongyan () in 1667, under the Qing dynasty (1644–1911). In 1758, in the reign of Qianlong Emperor (1736–1795), abbot Tianshi () added the Hall of Guanyin to the temple. It was devastated by war between the Qing army and the Taiping Rebellion during ruling of Xianfeng Emperor (1851–1861). In 1862 abbot Kaitai () renovated and refurbished it. In the Guangxu period (1875–1908), Chan master Qingyong () erected the Hall of Thousand Buddhas.
Republic of China
During the Republic of China in 1928, abbot Zhifang redecorated the Mahavira Hall.
People's Republic of China
After the founding of the Communist State in 1956, local government repaired the temple, but one year later, the Hall of Guanyin turned to ashes by a catastrophic fire. In 1983 it has been designated as National Key Buddhist Temple in Han Chinese Area by the State Council of China. A modern reconstruction of the entire temple complex was carried out in 1987.
Architecture
The existing main buildings include the Shanmen, Four Heavenly Kings Hall, Mahavira Hall, Hall of Guanyin and Buddhist Texts Library.
References
External links
Buddhist temples on Mount Jiuhua
Buildings and structures in Chizhou
Tourist attractions in Chizhou
1862 establishments in China
19th-century Buddhist temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1862
John Komnenos () was a Byzantine aristocrat, the nephew of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos () and governor (doux) of the strategically important city and theme of Dyrrhachium from 1091 to .
Biography
Early life
John was born in late 1073, the eldest son of the sebastokrator Isaac Komnenos, older brother of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos (), and their Georgian wife, Irene "of Alania". In 1081, their uncle, Emperor Alexios, proposed to the German emperor Henry IV (), a marriage match between John and a German princess. Alexios recommended their nephew as both handsome and of prudent character, but nothing came of this proposal.
Career
In early 1091, John was chosen by Alexios to replace John Doukas as the governor (doux) of Dyrrhachium, in modern-day Albania. The city was of great importance to the Byzantine Empire, as the "key of Albania" and the main point of entry from Italy into the Balkans, a fact illustrated by the role it played in the Norman invasion under Robert Guiscard, in the early years of Alexios's reign. Soon after the assumption of their duties, however, they were accused by Archbishop Theophylact of Bulgaria of plotting against the Emperor. To defend themselves against the accusation, John travelled to Philippopolis, where Alexios resided. It is not clear whether the allegations had any substance; nevertheless, the affair evolved into a family quarrel between Alexios and their brother Isaac, who was also present. Eventually, Alexios dismissed the allegations and reconfirmed John in their post.
Later, in 1094, despite their military inexperience, John was charged with confronting raids by the Serbs under Vukan of Rascia into the Byzantine province. John allowed themselves to become involved in prolonged negotiations with the Serbian ruler, giving the latter valuable time to prepare their forces. When they were ready, Vukan attacked the Byzantines near Lipenion and inflicted a heavy defeat upon them. John travelled to Constantinople to explain their defeat to Alexios, but was not relieved of their post. In 1096, they received and hosted Count Hugh I of Vermandois, whose fleet had been shipwrecked off the coast of Dyrrhachium. John was probably still doux of Dyrrhachium in 1105/06, when they are recorded in the Alexiad, Anna Komnene's history of their father Alexios I's reign, to have been defeated in a campaign against the Dalmatians. As the threat of a renewed Norman invasion by Guiscard's son, Bohemond, loomed, the emperor replaced John with their younger brother Alexios.
Marriage and family
In , John married Maria Doukaina, daughter of the protostrator Michael Doukas, a brother of Alexios I's empress, Irene Doukaina. Their wife's name is only attested while they were a nun, so it may represent a monastic name, rather than their birth name. The couple had five children, all of whom died early, before their parents. Only the name of a son, Alexios, is known.
Some time after 1130, John and their wife became monks, with John assuming the name of Ignatios. They tore down their father's palace and in its stead erected a monastery dedicated to the Holy Trinity, under the name of Euergetes ("the Benefactor"). Their last child probably died , which therefore is also the earliest possible date for the deaths of John and their wife.
References
Sources
1070s births
12th-century deaths
11th-century Byzantine people
12th-century Byzantine people
John
Byzantine governors of Dyrrhachium
Generals of Alexios I Komnenos
Protosebastoi
The Alte River () is a small river in the Portuguese region of the Algarve. The river along with the Algibre River, another tributary, becomes the Quarteira River after the two rivers conflux. The source of the river is a short distance east of the village of Alte and it runs for a distance of to its confluence with the Algibre River near the village of Paderne.
Description
The Algibre is one of a number of small rivers in the central Algarve which make up the water ecosystem known as the Querença–Silves Aquifer System.
Gallery
References
Rivers of Portugal
Rivers of the Algarve
The planalto tyrannulet (Phyllomyias fasciatus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is widespread in wooded habitats of eastern Brazil, extreme north-eastern Bolivia, eastern Paraguay, and far north-eastern Argentina. It is generally common (typically the commonest Phyllomyias in its range), and consequently rated as the least concern by BirdLife International and IUCN. There are three relatively distinctive subspecies, differing in measurements, plumage and voice, and it is possible they are better regarded as separate species. It can be separated from other members of its genus found in its range by the combination of a greyish-tinged forecrown and an all-black bill.
References
planalto tyrannulet
Birds of Brazil
planalto tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kevin William O'Shea (May 28, 1947 — January 18, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. They played in the National Hockey League with the Buffalo Sabres and St. Louis Blues between 1970 and 1973, as well as in the World Hockey Association with the Minnesota Fighting Saints between 1974 and 1975. Prior to their professional career, O'Shea played two years for St. Lawrence University. Internationally they played for the Canadian national team ath te 1969 World Championships.
In their NHL career, O'Shea appeared in 133 games, scoring thirteen goals and adding eighteen assists.  They are best known for scoring an overtime goal in Game 7 of a playoff quarterfinal series in 1972, leading the Blues past the Minnesota North Stars and into the next round.
They played in 68 WHA games, scoring ten goals and adding ten assists. They did one season in Sweden, representing Timrå IK in Elitserien, establishing a then all-time league record in penalty minutes with 72 PIM in 33 regular season games.
O'Shea died January 18, 2010. Kevin was the brother of Danny O'Shea.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1947 births
2010 deaths
Buffalo Sabres players
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Denver Spurs (WHL) players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Minnesota Fighting Saints players
Ontario Hockey Association Senior A League (1890–1979) players
Oshawa Generals players
Phoenix Roadrunners (WHL) players
San Diego Gulls (WHL) players
St. Lawrence Saints men's ice hockey players
St. Louis Blues players
Sportspeople from Toronto
Timrå IK players
Jake Cousins (born July 14, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball (MLB). They were drafted by the Washington Nationals in the 20th round of the 2017 Major League Baseball draft.
Amateur career
Cousins grew up St. Charles, Illinois, and attended Wheaton Academy. They attended the University of Pennsylvania and played college baseball for the Penn Quakers for four seasons. As a senior, Cousins had a 7–2 win–loss record with a 3.15 earned run average (ERA) and was named first team All-Ivy League. Their all-time collegiate career record was 20–7 with a 2.91 ERA. In 2015, they played collegiate summer baseball for the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League.
Professional career
Washington Nationals
Cousins was selected in the 20th round, 613th overall, of the 2017 Major League Baseball draft by the Washington Nationals. They made their professional debut with the GCL Nationals in 2017, and also played with the Low-A Auburn Doubledays, accumulating a 2-2 record and 2.48 ERA in 18 appearances. They only played in 7 games for the GCL Nationals in 2018, posting a 4.09 ERA in 11.0 innings of work. On March 27, 2019, Cousins was released after suffering an injury.
Schaumburg Boomers
On May 24, 2019, Cousins signed with the Schaumburg Boomers of the independent Frontier League. Cousins made 15 relief appearances for the Boomers and had a stellar 0.47 ERA with 18 strikeouts.
Milwaukee Brewers
Cousins's performance caught the attention of the Milwaukee Brewers organization, who purchased their contract from Schaumburg on July 17, 2019. After signing with the Brewers, Cousins was assigned to the Arizona League Brewers Blue before being promoted to the Class A Wisconsin Timber Rattlers. In 14 games between the AZL Brewers and Wisconsin, Cousins posted a cumulative 3-0 record and 1.91 ERA with 39 strikeouts in 28.1 innings of work. After the 2020 minor league season was canceled, they returned to independent baseball with permission from the Brewers and signed with the Chicago Dogs of the American Association of Professional Baseball on July 19, 2020. Cousins made 15 appearances with Chicago and finished the season with a 3.38 ERA. They began the 2021 season with the Double-A Biloxi Shuckers and was promoted to the Triple-A Nashville Sounds after eight appearances.
On June 21, 2021, Cousins was selected to the 40-man roster and promoted to the major leagues for the first time. Cousins had logged a 2.55 ERA in 16 games between Biloxi and Nashville prior to their call-up. They made their MLB debut that day, pitching two scoreless innings of relief against the Arizona Diamondbacks. In the game, they notched their first career strikeout, punching out Diamondbacks catcher Stephen Vogt, one of 5 K's on the night. On July 7, Cousins earned their first career win after pitching a scoreless inning in relief against the New York Mets. Cousins did not allow an earned run until their 18th pitching appearance.
Personal life
Cousins married their high school sweetheart Kelsey Ridderhoff on December 16, 2017, in Beach Park, Illinois. Jake is a cousin of current Minnesota Vikings quarterback Kirk Cousins. Jake grew up a fan of the Chicago Cubs and attended high school at Wheaton Academy in West Chicago, Illinois.
References
External links
Penn Quakers bio
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Park Ridge, Illinois
Baseball players from Illinois
Major League Baseball pitchers
Milwaukee Brewers players
Penn Quakers baseball players
Harwich Mariners players
Gulf Coast Nationals players
Auburn Doubledays players
Arizona League Brewers players
Wisconsin Timber Rattlers players
Schaumburg Boomers players
Chicago Dogs players
Biloxi Shuckers players
Nashville Sounds players
St. Vitus' Abbey on the Rott (Kloster Sankt Veit an der Rott) was a Benedictine monastery in the municipality of Neumarkt-Sankt Veit in the district of Mühldorf in Bavaria, Germany.
It was founded in 1121 by the nobleman Dietmar of Lungau, and dissolved during the secularisation of Bavaria in 1802. Formerly in the diocese of Salzburg, the abbey was a member of the Benedictine Salzburg Congregation from 1641 until its dissolution.
The premises were given at first to the Damenstift of St. Anna in Munich, but in 1829 came into the possession of the Saxon Baron Maximilian von Speck-Sternburg and then in 1858 were sold to Count Maximilian von Montgelas.
External links
Kloster in Bavaria: St. Veit
Monasteries in Bavaria
Benedictine monasteries in Germany
1120s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1121 establishments in Europe
Religious organizations established in the 1120s
Christian monasteries established in the 12th century
1802 disestablishments
The Palmerton Arboretum is an arboretum of which contains almost 90 species of trees and shrubs from around the world. It is located on West Evans Creek Road in Rogue River, Oregon, United States on the site of a 1930s-era tree nursery. Admission is free.
The Arboretum features over 40 species of mature trees including Japanese pines, Mediterranean cedars, redwoods, and other trees native to the Pacific Northwest. It also contains several kinds of azaleas and rhododendrons, plus a variety of other labeled plants, shrubs and trees, as well as a duck pond, playground, and picnic area.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
Arboreta in Oregon
Protected areas of Jackson County, Oregon
Rogue River, Oregon
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 2006:
2006
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 2006 at HKcinemamagic.com
Hong Kong Filmography (1913-2006) at Hong Kong Film Archive
2006
Films
Hong Kong
Mehmet Sakıp Özberk (born 1 May 1945, in Gaziantep), is a Turkish former footballer and manager. They were a technical director of Gaziantepspor.
References
Turkish football managers
Living people
1945 births
Siirtspor managers
Gaziantepspor managers
Adana Demirspor managers
Zeytinburnuspor managers
Altay S.K. managers
Bursaspor managers
Denizlispor managers
Samsunspor managers
Diyarbakırspor managers
Konyaspor managers
MKE Ankaragücü managers
Çaykur Rizespor managers
Tartesa is an Australasian realm genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Tartesa astarte (Butler, 1882)
Tartesa ugiensis (Druce, 1891)
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Jurij Moskvitin (Robert Jurij Moskvitin Hansen, 6 January 1938 – 25 May 2005) was a classical pianist, composer, philosopher, mathematician and boheme.
Jurij Moskvitin grew up in Denmark; their mother was a Russian aristocrat and their father was a Danish civil engineer. After World War II they studied at The Royal Danish Academy of Music in Copenhagen. They then obtained a master's degree in Philosophy at the University of Copenhagen.
They were a friend of Isak Dinesen (Karen Blixen), Simon Spies, Tao Nørager and Henrik Stangerup.
Theirs works include:
Essay on The Origin of Thought 1974 (philosophy)
Det er spændende at tænke 1976 (philosophy)
Music to the movie "Jorden Er Flad or The Earth is Flat" 1977 by Henrik Stangerup
Den store undren 1992 (philosophy)
Simon Spies. Historien om et venskab 1984–1999 (biography)
Den døve øgle 2001 (Self-Portraits)
Du må ikke sjuske med dit liv 2008 (biography; Henrik Stangerup)
They were one of the main characters in the documentary "En aften i november" the other being Ilja Bergh. They were also interviewed in the documentary "At skrive eller dø & At forråde virkeligheden" about their relationship with Henrik Stangerup. They regularly appeared in the Danish TV-program "Smagsdommerne" until their death. They also appear in the radio documentary "Eliten fra Minefeltet" where they talk about their relationship to the pianist Klaus Heerfordt.
Books
Essay on the Origin of Thought (1974)
In this book, Moskvitin records a collection of their theories on the beginnings of thought and language. In their view, the origin of language and thought lie in spontaneous and rare creative acts, often inspired in a human in a stressful and dangerous situation.
These thoughts are inspired by a period in which the author turned their attention "from 'what they thinks' to 'how they thinks'", a turn to introspection. Moskvitin describes how they came to observe "states of mind when consciousness is kept somewhere halfway between the waking state and dream." Moskvitin became aware of strange "sparks" and "smoke-like forms", which "upon close and intense observation became the elements of waking dreams, forming persons, landscapes, strange mathematical fractal forms." Moskvitin came to believe that the hypnagogic patterns they were observing were the actual `material' out of which the conscious mind `builds' its representation of the external world. Our inner world of dreams and visions comes before the outer one of sensory stimuli (Closed-eye hallucination).
For Moskvitin, this inner world of sequential impressions we observe as our experience. Aggregates of lower-level forms creates concepts and higher-level ideas. In their view, humans have a tendency to relate their experience to the already known, dealing with situations in the world with methods and ideas created prior. It is only when this tendency to the familiar is reversed, or the use of it is nullified, such as in a dangerous situation, does a creative act emerge. The totality of those prior ideas and concepts (the totality of memes) they label the 'anthroposphere'. For Moskvitin, the origin and development of this anthroposphere is in the multi-thousand year accumulation of rare and fortunate creative acts by individuals put in demanding situations.
Analyzing the creative act itself, Moskvitin postulates the existence of a 'projection mechanism' in humans - a mechanism which combines a few sustained impressions into a new aggregate, an idea. Building on what is essentially the stream model of consciousness, the mechanism depends on memory to store sequentially occurring impressions and the combinatorial projecting mechanism which provides the creating actor with the "vision" of the new idea from the lower-level forms mentioned above.
Jurij speculates about schizophrenia as an inability to distinguish between lower-level, interior forms and the exterior. They further postulate that the act of creation might involve a temporary state of schizophrenia. There are also further explorations of the topics of mysticism, occultism, and mathematics.
It's Exciting to Think (1976)
Original title "Det er spændende at tænke". This book was made by Moskvitin in an effort to kick-start a child's imagination. It contains classical examples in philosophy and logic and features illustrations by Jakob Hoffmeyer. It was published by Sommer og Sørensen.
The Great Wonder (1992)
Original title "Den store undren". This book takes up the philosophical questions: What is the time? who am I? What is real? Why does anything exist at all? and presents them for the adult reader while guiding the reader through the history of philosophy. The book was published by Lindhart og Ringhof in 1992. Shortly thereafter Moskvitin wrote a highly critical and devastating review of their book in the Danish newspaper Politiken under a pen name. The aim was to create debate and interest in the book, but Moskvitin's plan backfired and the result was a low sale.
Simon Spies. The Story of a Friendship (1984,1999)
Original title "Simon Spies. Historien om et venskab". This book was published twice. Immediately after Spies's death on 16 April 1984, Moskivitin began writing the book which they managed to publish within the same year under the title "Simon Spies – en myte" (Simon Spies - a myth). The book received a critical reception in that it painted an honest, but non-glamorous portrait of the Danish tycoon. The book concerns itself with the psychedelic era of Simon Spies's life during the late 60's in which Moskvitin and Spies were close friends. Years later Moskivitin decided to edit out some of the more obscene details while making the book more readable. This "final version" called "Historien om et venskab" was published in 1999 by Lindhardt og Ringhof.
The Deaf Lizard (2001)
Original title "Den døve øgle". Moskvitin wrote this self-portrait as the first of two books, the second of which was never published. It contains the story of Moskvitin's childhood and youth. Moskvitin notably describes how they became friends with Karen Blixen, how they had their first sexual intercourse in Paris, their first great concert in Cairo, and their mother's aristocratic friends. The book follows Moskvitin in their never ending search for women, drugs and spiritual insight. The book was published in 2001 by Lindhardt og Ringhof.
Thou Shalt Not Waste Thy Life (2008)
Original title "Du må ikke sjuske med dit liv". Shortly after the death of Henrik Stangerup in 1998, Jurij Moskvitin started writing Stangerup's biography. It was completed in the spring of 1999. It was due to be released later that year by the publisher Lindhardt & Ringhof, though the latter canceled the publication in the last moment due to concerns about Henrik's posthumous reputation. Only after the journalist Poul Pilgaard, having heard about the manuscript while interviewing pianist Ilja Bergh, tracked down a person possessing a copy, was the book published by Pilgaard's own publishing house Bianco Luno. The publication date was 28 August 2008, three years after Jurij Moskvitin's death.
See also
Karen Blixen
Simon Spies
Tao Nørager
Ove von Spaeth
Philosophy of mind
References
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
External links
the following link to media about, or featuring, Jurij Moskivitn. They are all in Danish
Eliten fra Minefeltet (radio broadcast)
I tonernes verden (radio broadcast)
1938 births
2005 deaths
Danish composers
Male composers
Philosophers of mind
Danish classical pianists
Danish people of Russian descent
Royal Danish Academy of Music alumni
20th-century classical pianists
Male classical pianists
20th-century male musicians
The Siouxland Conference is a ten team high school athletic conference in the northwest corner of Iowa, consisting of schools ranging from the smallest class (1A) to the second largest class (3A), and known for its prominence in small school basketball.
Members
*Denotes co-op with another school.
Common cooperatives
History
The Siouxland Conference was founded in 1952 and began play in the 1953–54 school year. Originally the league was made up of: Inwood, George and Rock Rapids from Lyon County; Orange City, and Hawarden from Sioux County; and Akron and Le Mars Gehlen from Plymouth County. Rock Valley replaced Augustana Academy of Canton, South Dakota, in 1960. West Sioux of Hawarden left the conference in 1965, and rejoined for a short period in the 1970s. Boyden–Hull became a conference member by 1965. Sioux Center, formerly of the Sioux Empire Conference, and Central Lyon of Rock Rapids joined the Siouxland Conference in 1967. Akron withdrew from the league at the conclusion of the 1975 baseball season. Little Rock merged with George to become George–Little Rock in 1989. The league then went through a set of changes in the early 1990s when it added Sibley-Ocheyedan from the Lakes Conference, and Hartley–Melvin–Sanborn and Okoboji from the disbanded Sioux Valley Conference. Maurice-Orange City merged with Floyd Valley to become MOC-Floyd Valley in 1994. The conference remained the same until Hartley–Mevin–Sanborn left for the War Eagle Conference in 2009 and longtime Sibley-Ocheyedan rival Sheldon moved in from the Lakes Conference.
Basketball
Men
As an independent school, Sioux Center won the big school state title in 1959, followed by the small school state title in 1967, in its first year within the Siouxland Conference. Maurice-Orange City claimed the 2A state championship in 1987–88 and again in 1988–89, and won the 3A title in 2004–05 as MOC-Floyd Valley. Rock Valley has won the championship in 1996, 1998, 2009, and 2010. In 2003, Boyden-Hull was class 1A state champ, while Sioux Center won the 2A title. George–Little Rock won the 1A title in 2006. Boyden-Hull won back to back 1A titles in 2012 and 2013. In 2013, Sheldon also won the 2A championship. West Lyon won the 1A championship in 2014, keeping it in the conference for three straight years. Boyden–Hull won its first 2A title in 2020. The Comets competed in the 2A basketball final again in 2021, losing to Western Christian, a team also located in Hull, as a member of the Lakes Conference. It was the first time since 2005 that the two teams had played against each other, and also the first time in Iowa High School Athletic Association history that two teams from the same city met in a title game.
Women
Sibley-Ocheyedan won two basketball titles (1986 and 1996), while Rock Valley has three (2001–2003). Central Lyon won the 1A title in 2013. MOC–Floyd Valley won the 3A championship the following season, besting their previous best result, second place in 1997.
Other sports
The schools hold many other state titles as well, including football, which is no longer a sanctioned conference sport since the state took control of the entire system in the mid-1990s and created a two-year rotating district system. Nevertheless, Sibley holds a title, while Sioux Center has two and Central Lyon holds two on their own and one more sharing with George–Little Rock with 2 runners-up in class 2A. West Lyon has won five titles (1998, 1999, 2010, 2013, 2019) and finished as class 1A runner-up in 2008 and 2014 and 2A runner-up in 1995. Boyden-Hull/Rock Valley was class 2A runner-up for football in 2009. Before sharing sports with Rock Valley, Boyden-Hull tied West Harrison for the 1970 Class B track championship. Maurice-Orange City has won the state track championship three times, Sioux Center twice, George and Okoboji once each. Rock Valley has three state golf titles, all won as a member of the Siouxland Conference. Central Lyon and Sheldon have each won a cross country championship. Sibley-Ocheyedan won a women's Class 2A cross-country title in 1997. Rock Valley is the only team in the conference to win a baseball championship.
Sports offered
The conference offers the following sports:
Summer – baseball and softball
Fall – football, cross-country and volleyball
Winter – basketball and wrestling
Spring – track and field and golf
References
External links
High school sports in Iowa
1952 establishments in Iowa
Sport leagues established in 1952
SK Hlavice is a Czech football club located in Hlavice, Liberec District. It currently plays in the III. třída, jih – Liberec (level 9) league, although the club took part in the Bohemian Football League, which is in the third tier of Czech football, during the 2012–13 season.
References
External links
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Association football clubs established in 1983
Sport in the Liberec Region
Liberec District
Medalists
Standings
Men's Competition
Results
The teams were divided into two groups of three and four teams. The top two from each group advanced to the semi-finals.
Final: - 7-4
Third place: - 11-0
References
Complete 1979 Mediterranean Games Standings Archived
1979 in water polo
Sports at the 1979 Mediterranean Games
1979
1979 Mediterranean Games
Alt-Haldenstein Castle is a castle in the municipality of Haldenstein of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
Haldenstein Castle was probably built in the 10th or 11th century as the family castle of the Ministerialis Haldenstein family, who were in service of the Lord of Vaz. By the 12th century the family had split into two lines, the Haldenstein family and the Lichtenstein family (who inhabited the nearby Lichtenstein Castle. Each family ruled over part of the nearby village and farms. By the end of the 13th century the Lichtenstein family died out and their lands and castle were inherited by the Haldensteins. In 1299 Johann von Vaz and the Bishop of Chur quarreled over an unauthorized expansion of Haldenstein Castle. By the 14th century the Lord of Haldenstein was in the service of the Bishop. In 1362 Ulrich von Haldenstein was a soldier in Habsburg service, though in 1379 they were again in the service of the Bishop of Chur.
The Haldenstein family died out around the end of the 14th century. At this point the castle passed through a number of owners. In 1542 the widow of Jacques von Marmels married a French minister named Johann Jacob von Castion and they became the owner of Haldenstein. They quickly moved from the cramped and inconvenient castle down into Haldenstein and built the new Haldenstein Castle near the town. The old castle became known as Alt (Old)-Haldenstein. The old castle was sold to Gregor von Hohenbalken, the Lord of Aspermont, in 1567. In 1608 it was sold to the Scheuenstein family and later the Salis-Maienfelds occupied the castle. It was damaged in an earthquake in 1769 and again in 1787 and it was abandoned in the following years.
Castle site
The castle was built on a small rocky outcropping above the valley below the Calanda massif. Due to the small size of the outcropping, the castle site is compact without outbuildings or curtain walls. Over the centuries the tower's height increased in several stages as the owners expanded in the only direction they could, upward. Several building phases can still be seen in the remaining tower walls.
The castle site can only be reached by following a narrow and steep trail along the mountain to the castle outcropping.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
3D model
Chur
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
The unicolored antwren (Myrmotherula unicolor) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to southeastern Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
unicolored antwren
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
unicolored antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alan West Brewer (1915 – 21 November 2007) was a Britanno-Canadian physicist and climatologist. Born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada and raised in Derby, England, they earned a scholarship to study physics at the University College of London. They received their M.Sc. there, and began to work for the Met Office in 1937. During World War II, they researched contrails for the Royal Air Force, making the discovery that the stratosphere is much drier than had been presumed. Later this observation led to the development of Brewer-Dobson circulation. Brewer worked at the Subdepartment of Atmospheric, Oceanic and Planetary Physics, University of Oxford from 1948 until 1962, when they became a professor at University of Toronto. In 1977, Brewer retired from the University of Toronto, returning to England, in Devon, where they farmed until nearly 80 years old.
In late 1959, they and James Milford developed the Oxford-Kew ozone sonde. They also developed the Brewer ozone spectrophotometer with Dave Wardle which is currently the most accurate instrument for measuring ozone.
Brewer married Iris, another UCL physicist, in 1939. They had three children.
References
1915 births
2007 deaths
British climatologists
Scientists from Montreal
People from Derby
English physicists
Alumni of University College London
Academics of the University of Oxford
University of Toronto faculty
Canadian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Atmospheric physicists
Hatzeva () is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the Arava, 12 km north of Ein Yahav, it falls under the jurisdiction of Central Arava Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
Antiquity
Hatzeva was a fort and caravanserai established beside Ein Hatzeva, a rare water source in the region. It is identified with the biblical site Tamar (1 Kings 9:17-18). According to the Bible, it was a Judean fort, but Edomite idols were also discovered there, now on display at the Israel Museum. In the Nabatean period, Hatzeva was a caravanserai along the northern path of the incense route. Later it became a Roman fort, part of the Roman southern security zone (The ‘Limes'). The Roman Scorpion Ascent that connects Hazteva and Mamshit is believed to date from that time. The site was excavated in the 1980s and yielded finds in six stratified layers.
State of Israel
Hatzeva was founded in 1965 as a Nahal settlement near the Arava Road and became a moshav in 1968. It was named after the nearby Hatzeva Fortress. In 1971 its location changed slightly. Near the moshav's access road lies the Hatzeva field school (Gidron), located where the moshav was until 1971. Hashomer Hachadash is a grassroots movement in Hatzeva established to help Israeli farmers and ranchers safeguard their land.
References
Central Arava Regional Council
Moshavim
Nahal settlements
Populated places in Southern District (Israel)
Populated places established in 1968
1968 establishments in Israel
Praya () was a term used in Colonial Hong Kong to refer to a promenade by the waterfront. The name comes from the Portuguese word praia, which means "beach," but in China it came to mean a stone-faced waterfront road. In Hong Kong, it was a broad road running parallel along the harbour in front of the city. HSBC and Dent & Co. were just some of the major companies based in the area.
History
British occupation of Hong Kong Island began on 26 January 1841, and the colonial government held its first land sale on 14 June of that year. Purchasers were mostly the British, Indian and Parsee traders such as Dent, Jardines, Lindsay, etc. These traders were mainly import and export merchants and required land with frontage along Victoria Harbour.
Queen's Road, to the south, was the first road opened. The land lots acquired were subsequently much expanded and reclaimed from the sea without paying rent to the government. The first land reclamations after 1841 were private ones without any planning at all, making the shoreline very irregular.
Lisa Lim of the South China Morning Post argued that the proximity of Macau meant that Hong Kongers kept using the word "praya" as opposed to the word "bund".
A number of reclamation schemes took place around the time that John Bowring served as the Hong Kong Governor. Hence many of the major Praya areas were named after him. The long names are usually "Bowring Praya East", "Bowring Praya Central" for example.
Major areas
Praya West
The Praya Reclamation Scheme began in 1868 in this area. It was completed in 1873, adding significant land to Praya West and Central. Praya west is now Des Voeux Road West.
Praya Central
Praya central is now Des Voeux Road Central.
Praya East
The Praya East area went through a series of land reclamation projects. The earliest series was known as Praya East Reclamation Scheme. The filled in area is known as today's Johnston Road and Hennessy Road in Wan Chai. The Hong Kong Tramways first opened its service in 1904 in Praya East.
Roads and areas
There are at least seven waterfront roads in Hong Kong that still retain the name praya:
Aberdeen Praya Road (香港仔海旁道)
Cheung Chau Praya - roadway that lines the southwest part of the island; the street is lined with buildings for most of the route facing the island's inner harbour
Kennedy Town Praya (堅彌地城海旁) - a short roadway from about Collinson Street westwards to Sand Street in Kennedy Town. The eastern end of the street becomes Des Voeux Road West, itself formerly called Praya West. Reclamation projects have made the roadway landlocked.
New Praya, Kennedy Town (堅彌地城新海旁) - located north of the Kennedy Town Praya and runs from Sands Street to west of Cadogan Street. Unlike Kennedy Town Praya, this praya is still a waterfront roadway
Ap Lei Chau Praya Road (鴨脷洲海旁道)
Lei Yue Mun Praya Road (鯉魚門海傍道)
Tin Wan Praya Road
See also
Victoria, Hong Kong
Praia
The Bund
References
Places in Hong Kong
Sir James Howe, 2nd Baronet (c. 1669 – 19 January 1736), of Berwick St Leonard, near Hindon, Wiltshire, was an English Tory politician who sat in the English and British House of Commons between 1698 and 1709.
Howe was the son of Sir George Grobham Howe, 1st Baronet of Berwick St Leonard, and their wife Elizabeth Grimston, daughter of Sir Harbottle Grimston, 2nd Baronet. Their father had been MP for Hindon. They succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of their father in 1676. They married Elizabeth Nutt, daughter of Edward Nutt of Nackington, Kent in 1689. They died in 1691 and they married as their second wife Elizabeth Stratford, daughter of Henry Stratford of Halling Gloucester in August 1694.
At the 1698 English general election, Howe was elected as Tory Member of Parliament for Hindon. They were returned at the first general election of 1701, but chose not to stand in at the second general election of that year. They were re-elected MP for Hindon at the 1702 general election and held the seat until the 1705 election when they were defeated. At the 1708 British general election they were returned again as MP for Hindon but was unseated on petition in February 1709.
Howe died without issue on 19 January 1736 aged 66. Their estates were inherited by their nephew Henry Lee Warner, who had sat for Hindon from 1711 to 1713.
References
1660s births
1736 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
People from Wiltshire
Year of birth uncertain
English MPs 1698–1700
English MPs 1701
English MPs 1702–1705
Rebecca Anne Hedwig Waldecker (born 1979) is a German mathematician specializing in group theory.  They are professor for algebra at Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg.
Education and career
Waldecker is originally from Aachen. They earned their doctorate (Dr. rer. nat.) at the University of Kiel in 2007, under the supervision of , and in 2014 completed their habilitation at Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg.
After postdoctoral research as a Leverhulme Fellow at the University of Birmingham, Waldecker joined Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg as a junior professor in 2009. They became professor for algebra in 2015.
Books
Waldecker is the author of the book Isolated Involutions in Finite Groups (Memoirs of the American Mathematical Society, 2013), developed from their doctoral dissertation.
With Lasse Rempe-Gillen, they are the coauthor of Primzahltests für Einsteiger: Zahlentheorie, Algorithmik, Kryptographie (Vieweg+Teubner, 2009; 2nd ed., Springer, 2016), a book on primality tests that was translated into English as Primality Testing for Beginners (Student Mathematical Library 70, American Mathematical Society, 2014).
They became a coauthor to the 2012 textbook Elementare Algebra und Zahlentheorie of , in its second edition (Mathematik Kompakt, Springer, 2019).
References
External links
Home page
1979 births
Living people
21st-century German mathematicians
German women mathematicians
Group theorists
University of Kiel alumni
University of Halle faculty
21st-century women mathematicians
People from Aachen
21st-century German women
Ferrandina (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. It is a center for production of high quality olive oil.
Geography data
The town is located on a hill in the Basento Valley on the western bank of the river Basento. Ferrandina is part of the "Collina Materana" and it is the fourth biggest town in Basilicata.
Towns close are: Pomarico, Miglionico, Salandra, Pisticci, Grottole, San Mauro Forte and Craco. Ferrandina is from Matera and from Potenza.
Climate
The typical Materan hill climate is very hot during the summer and cold and fresh during the winter. Rain fall is concentrated principally from October to May and snow in winter. Also heavy fog in the autumn-winter season.
History
The towns roots go back as far as Magna Grecia, about 1000 BC. The original name was Troilia, while its acropolis was called Obelanon (Uggiano). Troilia was built in memory of the Asia Minor city Troia by the Ancient Greeks.
Ferrandina was named in honor of the father of King Frederick of Naples. In 1507 Ferdinand II of Aragon conferred it the title of 'Civitas'. Right after, the Dominicans created an agricultural center specialized in the production of wool, highly valued in the Kingdom of Naples.
In 1546 the Dominicans established the monastery of Saint Dominic. Ferrandina took part of the 1820 and 1860 rebellions. In March 1862, brigand leader Carmine Crocco confronted and destroyed here a company of Italian troops.
In September 1943, Ferrandina rose against the fascists. The farmers rebelled to expel and seize the land of fascist landlords. The town was cut off from electricity and telephones in an attempt to quench the protest. The provisional government sent to the city military troops, later followed by minister Mario Scelba, member of the provisional anti-fascist government of Southern Italy, arrived in Ferrandina.
In 2003 Ferrandina took part in protest against the decision to build a nuclear waste center despite no evidence that it would negativly effect the community.
Main sights
Mother Church of St Mary of the Cross, built in 1490 and transformed at the end of the 18th century. The church comprises three 16th century doors and three Byzantine domes. The church houses a statue of the Virgin with the Child and two statues of Ferdinand of Aragon and their wife Isabella del Balzo, executed by Altobello Persio.
Our Lady of Mount Carmel church, located in the Purgatorio neighborhood, with a 16th century door and arch. It was built by the Dominicans when they arrived from Uggiano. After an earthquake, the Dominicans abandoned the church and built the church of St Dominic.
Capuchin Convent, which houses works of art attributed to Pietro Antonio Ferro, such as a "Virgin and Child" and "Saints Peter and Francis".
St. Clare Monastery, built in 1688 with a tower that dominates the inner town. The monastery houses a Crucifixion by Pietro Antonio Ferro and a painting of the Immaculate Conception by Francesco Solimena.
Saint Dominic Monastery, built in 1517, restored and completed in Baroque style in 1760. It houses numerous paintings by Neapolitan school and a 17th century organ, a wooden choir and a marble altar.
Saint Francis Convent, founded in 1614, including a church with two aisles.
Madonna dei Mali Chapel, a countryside church with frescos by Pietro Antonio Ferro (17th century).
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1636.
Events
January 31 – The King's Men perform Shakespeare's Julius Caesar at St James's Palace, London.
February – James Shirley's tragicomedy The Duke's Mistress is performed at St James's Palace.
March 3 – A "great charter" to the University of Oxford establishes the Oxford University Press as the second of England's privileged presses.
April – Thomas Hobbes travels from Rome to Florence.
May 10 – London theatres close, and remain almost continuously closed until the end of the year (and on to October 1637), due to an outbreak of bubonic plague. Playing companies are profoundly impacted; the King's Revels Men dissolve and other companies tour the countryside to survive.
June – Tommaso Campanella, having left Italy for France, because of their pro-French views, gives a speech in front of Cardinal Richelieu; they teach at the Sorbonne.
August – King Charles I and Queen Henrietta Maria visit the University of Oxford. They are entertained with college theatricals, including William Strode's allegory The Floating Island (with music by Henry Lawes), which mocks William Prynne as the play-hating Melancholico; George Wilde's Love's Hospital; and William Cartwright's The Royal Slave (also with Lawes' music and design by Inigo Jones). Henrietta Maria enjoys the last so much that they bring it to be performed at Hampton Court by their Queen Henrietta's Men.
November – Compilation of the Irish language Annals of the Four Masters is completed by Mícheál Ó Cléirigh, assisted by Cú Choigcríche Ó Cléirigh, Fearfeasa Ó Maol Chonaire and Peregrine Ó Duibhgeannain, in the Franciscan friary in Donegal Town in Ireland, under the patronage of Fearghal Ó Gadhra.
December 8 – The King's Men perform Shakespeare's Othello at Hampton Court Palace.
New books
Athanasius Kircher – First grammar of the Coptic language
Sir Henry Blount – A Voyage to the Levant
Juan Pérez de Montalbán – Fama póstuma a la vida y muerte de Lope de Vega Carpio
Salvador Jacinto Polo de Medina – Hospital de incurables y Viaje de este mundo y el otro
Cristóbal de Salazar Mardones – Ilustración y defensa de la Fábula de Píramo y Tisbe
José García de Salcedo Coronel – Comentario a las Soledades de Góngora
New drama
Richard Brome – The New Academy
Lodowick Carlell – Arviragus and Philicia
William Cartwright – The Royal Slave
John Cayworth – Enchiridion Christiados (masque)
Pierre Corneille – L'Illusion Comique, performed
Sir William Davenant – The Triumphs of the Prince D'Amour (masque), The Wits, and The Platonick Lovers published
Pierre Corneille – Le Cid
Henry Glapthorne – The Hollander and perhaps Wit in a Constable
François Tristan l'Hermite – La Mariane
Thomas Heywood – A Challenge for Beauty published
Thomas Killigrew – Claracilla
Philip Massinger – The Bashful Lover performed; The Great Duke of Florence published
Pedro Calderón de la Barca
Casa con dos puertas mala es de guardar
La dama duende
La devoción de la cruz
La vida es sueño
Parte XXX de comedias de varios autores
Tirso de Molina –
La vida de Herodes
Marta la piadosa
Thomas Nabbes – Microcosmus, a Moral Masque
Jean Rotrou – Les Deux Sosies
William Sampson – The Vow-Breaker, or The Fayre Maid of Clifton
James Shirley – The Duke's Mistress
William Strode – The Floating Island
George Wilde – Love's Hospital
New poetry
Abraham Cowley – Sylva (in the 2nd edition of their collection Poetical Blossoms)
William Sampson – Virtus post Funera vivit, or Honour Tryumphing over Death, being true Epitomes of Honorable, Noble, Learned, and Hospitable Personages
Births
April 7 – Gregório de Matos, Brazilian poet (died 1696)
November 1 – Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux, French poet and critic (died 1711)
November 11 – Yan Ruoqu (閻若璩), Chinese scholar and polymath (died 1704)
Unknown dates
Joseph Glanvill, English philosopher and cleric (died 1680)
James Janeway, English children's writer and Puritan minister (died 1674)
Jean de Montigny, French poet and philosopher (died 1671)
Probable year of birth – Thomas Traherne, English poet and religious writer (died 1674)
Deaths
January 19 – Daniel Schwenter, German Orientalist, polymath, poet and librarian (born 1585)
February 4 – James Perrot, Welsh politician and philosophical writer (born 1571)
April 26 – Paul Hay du Chastelet, French orator and writer (born 1592
August 25 – Bhai Gurdas, Punjabi Sikh scholar (born 1551)
September 15 – Cuthbert Burbage, English theatre owner, associate of William Shakespeare (born 1566)
December 9 – Fabian Birkowski, Polish writer and preacher (born 1566)
Unknown dates
Henning Arnisaeus, German political theorist and philosopher (born 1570)
Johannes Messenius, Swedish dramatist and historian (born 1579)
Cesare Rinaldi, Italian poet (born 1559)
Wen Zhenmeng (文震孟), Chinese artist and author (born 1574)
Probable date
Antonio Mira de Amescua, Spanish dramatist (born c. 1578)
William Sampson, English dramatist (born c. 1590)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The Constitution of Kuwait supports the existence of political parties, although political parties in Kuwait have not been legalized since independence in 1961. Nonetheless, the constitution itself does not prohibit parties.
In practice, there are many de facto political parties:
Current parties
Outlawed parties
See also
Politics of Kuwait
List of political parties by country
References
Kuwait
Political parties
Political parties
Kuwait
The Hon. Captain Eliot Constantine Yorke DL MP (13 July 1843 – 21 December 1878), was a British politician and courtier.
Background
Yorke was the fourth son of Admiral Charles Philip Yorke, 4th Earl of Hardwicke, and the Hon. Susan, daughter of Thomas Liddell, 1st Baron Ravensworth.
Political career
The Conservative Party adopted Yorke as their candidate at a meeting in Cambridge in October 1873.
Yorke was returned to Parliament as one of three representatives for Cambridgeshire in 1874 (succeeding their elder brother Lord Royston), a seat they held until their early death four years later. They were also a Captain in the Cambridgeshire Militia, an Equerry to Their Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and a Deputy Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire.
Family
On 11 February 1873, Yorke married Annie, daughter of Sir Anthony de Rothschild, 1st Baronet, and the marriage was solemnised the next day at St. Andrew's Parish Church, Wimpole, Cambridgeshire. They had no children. On 21 December 1878, they died at 17 Curzon Street, Mayfair, London, aged 35. They were buried at St Andrew the Apostle, Hamble-le-Rice,
Their wife survived them by almost 50 years and died on 21 November 1926, at "Hamble Clife," Southampton, Hampshire.
References
External links
Leigh Rayment's Historical List of MPs
Darryl Lundy's thePeerage.com page
1843 births
1878 deaths
Younger sons of earls
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1874–1880
Elliot
Ophthalmitis rufilauta is a moth in the family Geometridae first described by Louis Beethoven Prout in 1925. It is found in Borneo in lowland and lower montane rainforests. The species is distinguished by the brown shading between the hindwing antemedial line and the discal mark.
References
Boarmiini
Moths of Borneo
Moths described in 1925
The Brown Acid Caveat is the seventh full-length album by the experimental rock group The Tear Garden released on July 7, 2017 after starting a successful PledgeMusic campaign in August 2016. The campaign, which achieved 117% of its financial goal, allowed for the inclusion of a number of guest musicians including Dre Robinson and former Legendary Pink Dots members Ryan Moore, Martijn De Kleer, and Patrick Q. Wright. The album title refers to an announcement given to spectators of the first Woodstock Festival in 1969 to avoid "brown acid" -- a type of LSD reportedly associated with bad trips.
Track listing
"Strange Land" – 5:44
"Stars on the Sidewalk" – 7:32
"Amy's Personality" – 6:29
"Calling Time" – 4:28
"On with the Show" – 7:23
"Sinister Science" – 7:26
"Lola's Rock" – 5:58
"Kiss Don't Tell" – 7:42
"A Private Parade" – 7:09
"The Sound of Space Escaping" – 5:26
"Seven Veils" – 7:10
"Object" – 4:19
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes of The Brown Acid Caveat.
The Tear Garden
cEvin Key - bass, devices, drums, keyboards, percussion
Edward Ka-Spel - keyboards, vocals
Additional musicians
Ryan Moore - bass
Martijn De Kleer - guitar
Patrick Q. Wright - viola, violin
Dre Robinson - percussion
Alice - voices
Technical personnel
Greg Reely - mastering, mixing
Peter Clarke - artwork
Simon Paul - assembly
References
The Tear Garden albums
Nettwerk Records albums
This is an episode list for the American reality television series Around the World For Free. The first season aired on WGN America. The show is currently airing on DSTV channel 113 via Sony Entertainment Television (South Africa), Nigeria, Kenya, Uganda, Ghana, Tanzania, Namibia, Botswana, Zambia, Mozambique, Lesotho and Zimbabwe
1. An All-American Launch
2. Caribbean: Bliss & Extreme
3. South American Reality Check
4. Peruvian Sunshine
5. Desert and Cape
6. South African Kaleidoscope
7. Into the Safari Spirit
8. African Hardships
9. Good Vibes in Thailand and Cambodia
10. Living History in Cambodia and Vietnam
11. Back in Good ol' USA
External links
Ep1: WGN America
Ep2: Caribbean: Bliss & Extreme
Ep3: South American Reality Check
Ep4: Peruvian Sunshine
Ep5: Desert and Cape
Ep6: South African Kaleidoscope
Ep7: Into the Safari Spirit
Ep8: African Hardships
Ep9: Good Vibes in Thailand and Cambodia
Ep10: Living History in Cambodia and Vietnam
Ep11: Back in Good ol' USA
Around the World for Free
Bilaspur district may refer to either of these districts of India:
Bilaspur district, Chhattisgarh
Bilaspur district, Himachal Pradesh
District name disambiguation pages
(8014) 1990 MF is a sub-kilometer near-Earth object and potentially hazardous asteroid in the Apollo group. It was discovered by American astronomer Eleanor Helin at the Palomar Observatory in California on 26 June 1990. The asteroid measures approximately in diameter. On 23 July 2020, it came within 0.055 AU of the Earth—about 21 times the Moon's distance.
References
External links
008014
Discoveries by Eleanor F. Helin
008014
19900626
John Ford (born 1 July 1948) is an English musician. They relocated to the United States in the mid-1980s and now resides on the North Shore of Long Island, New York.
Ford has toured and played with musicians such as Santana, Jimi Hendrix, Ritchie Blackmore, The Eagles, Frank Zappa, Marc Bolan/T. Rex, Blue Öyster Cult, ZZ Top, RUSH, REO Speedwagon, Steppenwolf, King Crimson, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Billy Preston, Cat Stevens, Roy Harper and Dave Mason. Their versatility has let them play a wide range of venues from folk clubs to large scale international rock venues.
Biography
Ford was born in the South West London district of Fulham and grew up in a household where their father played piano and their four sisters were singers. Ford went to a Church of England school, where church attendance was mandatory, and began singing there. When they were very young, their grandmother bought them a ukulele, then they got an Emenee toy Elvis Presley guitar and a guitar book; by the time they were 9, they had learned several chords. When they were 14, their father bought them a Höfner 500/1 bass, a guitar that was particularly popular at the time because it was used by Paul McCartney. Ford's two idols were McCartney and Lonnie Donegan; Ford was most inspired by McCartney's ‘popping' bass on The Beatles' "With a Little Help from My Friends" and used that same technique throughout their career.
In 1964, Ford joined with some schoolmates to form a band called Jaymes Fenda and the Vulcans. That November, they released two singles, "Mistletoe Love” and "The Only Girl", both of which were written by Ford. "Mistletoe Love" got some radio play through that Christmas season, but the band split up shortly afterwards.
In October 1966, Ford stepped in to replace the bass player of a South London R&B/soul band called the Five Proud Walkers, and made their debut when the band opened for Champion Jack Dupree. The Five Proud Walkers was a popular club band and played a constant stream of gigs in and around London. But, in the spring of 1967, they toured England with Pink Floyd and decided to make the shift to Psychedelic music. That July, they changed their name to Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera. The band released three albums and several singles but, in May 1970, Ford and drummer Richard Hudson left the band to join The Strawbs.
Ford's influence on the band, primarily known as a folk rock group, shifted them into a new direction in the progressive / art rock scene. Ford penned songs such as "Heavy Disguise" and "Part of the Union", Strawbs' biggest chart hit, whilst working with David Bowie/T. Rex producer Tony Visconti on A&M Records. Ford reieved an Ivor Novello Award for "Part of the Union".
Ford received three gold discs, and a platinum disc. A few years later, Ford and Richard Hudson formed Hudson Ford, signed to A&M, and released the UK Singles Chart hits "Pick Up The Pieces", "Burn Baby Burn" and "Floating in the Wind" and three albums - Nickelodeon, Free Spirit and Worlds Collide. They then moved to CBS Records for the Daylight album.
In 1979, Ford hit the charts again with The Monks, a punk project of sorts also picked up by EMI, with the surprise novelty double platinum hit, "Nice Legs Shame About the Face" from Bad Habits and "Suspended Animation". Ford also developed an alter ego in High Society with 1930s-style melodies, releasing a self-titled album in 1984. In 1986, Ford relocated to the U.S., and started working on their solo project and concerts.
Ford teamed up again with Strawbs for the 30 Year Reunion Tour in 1998, performing as bass guitarist and vocalist, after a hiatus since the late 1980s, and again for the 2001 Strawbs' UK Spring Tour. In between, in 1999, Ford played on Ritchie Blackmore's band Blackmore's Night release Under a Violet Moon, their second international release, which featured Ford on "Wind in the Willows". They also played some shows with the band.
In January 2004, Ford opened for Dave Mason at a Long Island concert venue, The Downtown the was located in Farmingdale, New York.
July 2004's Strawbs Summer UK Electric Tour, featured Ford on bass and vocals with the original UK electric line up from the 1970s. Some of their live performances can be viewed on DVD, on Strawbs Live in Tokyo and The Complete Strawbs – Live at Chiswick House.
March 2006, Ford returned to UK for another Strawbs Electric Tour filmed and recorded for Lay Down with The Strawbs DVD/CD, featuring John Ford leading on "Part of the Union".
In September 2009, John Ford joined Strawbs for their 40th Anniversary Weekend at Twickenham Rugby Stadium, London, which included keyboardist Rick Wakeman. The Live CD release for the event, Strawbs 40th Anniversary Celebration Vol. 1: Strawberry Fayre released in 2010, features John Ford on two of their songs, "Together Apart" and "Floating in the Wind".
Ford appears on Lay Down with the Strawbs the 2006 Strawbs UK Electric Tour features John Ford on "Kissed by the Sun", "Heavy Disguise" and "Part of the Union".
April 2011 marked the release of John Ford's latest album, Resurrected – The Best of and Then Some, a chronological collection of some of Ford's solo material, in addition to five newly recorded songs.
2012 brought Ford, as founding member of The Monks, a Double Platinum Record Award from EMI for Bad Habits whilst in Toronto, Canada in July, for a special Monks BAD HABITS Tribute show at the well-known Horseshoe Tavern. The Monks' Tribute show featured numerous members of top Canadian bands – including Sloan, The New Pornographers, C'mon, Cursed, and Small Sins – with Thomas D'Arcy at the helm, producing the tribute show. D'Arcy also put together the Bad Habits tribute album, on which Ford is featured. Plans are under way for Bad Habits going the route of Green Day's American Idiot stage musical as a one-act, British punk rock opera production.
John Ford just completed two new Halloween songs – "Halloween – I'm The Nightmare in Your Dreams Club Mix" for the Space Drama pop, electronica dance project with, and rocking, "Halloween – There's A Party Going On" with Ian Lloyd of Stories, for the Ford-Lloyd project. Ian Lloyd is best known as lead singer for No. 1 hit "Brother Louie" and founding member of Stories bands. Lloyd sings the theme song for Louis C.K.'s comedy on FX – Louie.
Discography
Jaymes Fenda and the Vulcans
"Mistletoe Love" / "The Only Girl" (1964), Parlophone Records
Ready Steady - Win! (1964, compilation), Decca Records
Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera
Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera (1968), Direction Records
Ride a Hustler's Dream (1969), See For Miles Records
The Very Best Of (1996, compilation), See for Miles Records
Singles:
"Flames" / "Salisbury Plain" (1967)
"Flames" / "What's The Point of Leaving" (1967)
"Mary Jane" / "Dreamy" (1968)
"Volcano" / "A Quick B" (1969)
"Anna Dance Square" / "Don't You Realise" (1969)
"Black Jack Davy" / "Statesboro Blues" (1970)
"She Keeps Giving Me These Feelings" / "There's a Hole in My Pocket" (1970)
Strawbs
Just a Collection of Antiques and Curios (1970), A&M Records
Witchwood (1971, EP), A&M
From the Witchwood (1971), A&M
Grave New World (1972, also co-producer), A&M
Bursting at the Seams (1973), A&M
Stereo Pop Special-40 (1973), BBC Transcription Services
Strawbs & Dave Cousins (1973, compilation), A&M
Strawbs By Choice (1974, compilation), A&M
Classic Strawbs (1977, compilation), A&M
The Best of Strawbs (1978, compilation), A&M
A Choice Selection Of Strawbs (1992, compilation), A&M
Halcyon Days (The Very Best Of The Strawbs) (1997, compilation), A&M
30 Years In Rock (2001, compilation), Classic Rock Society
Tears And Pavan - An Introduction To Strawbs (2002, compilation), A&M
The Collection (2002, compilation), Spectrum Music
The Best Of Strawbs (2003, compilation), A&M
A Taste Of Strawbs (2006, compilation), Witchwood Media
Strawbs 40th Anniversary Celebration Vol. 1: Strawberry Fayre (2010), Witchwood Media
Witchwood: The Very Best Of (2014, compilation), Spectrum Music
Settlement (2021)
Singles:
"Forever" / "Another Day" (1970)
"Where is This Dream of Your Youth" / "Fingertips" (1970)
"Forever" / "Fingertips" (1971)
"Thirty Days" / "Witchwood" (1971)
"Benedictus" / "Keep the Devil Outside" (1971)
"Heavy Disguise" / "Benedictus" (1972)
"Keep the Devil Outside" / "Tomorrow" (1972)
"Witchwood" / "A Glimpse Of Heaven" (1972)
"New World" / "Benedictus" (1972)
"Here It Comes" / "Tomorrow" (1972)
"Going Home" / "Ways and Means" (1972)
"Lay Down" / "Backside" (1972)
"Shine On Silver Sun" / "And Wherefore" (1973)
"Part of the Union" / "Will You Go" (1973)
"Tiendete" / "Mañana" (1973)
Hudson-Ford
Nickelodeon (1973), A&M
Free Spirit (1974), A&M
Worlds Collide (1975), A&M
Daylight (1977) CBS Records
The A&M Albums (2017, Box Set) Caroline International
Singles:
"Pick Up the Pieces" / "This Is Not The Way (To End A War Or To Die)" (1973)
"Take it Back" / "Make No Mistake" (1973)
"Burn Baby Burn" / "Angels" (1974)
"Floating in the Wind" / "Revelations" (1974)
"Free Spirit" / "Floating In The Wind" (1974)
"Free Spirit" / "Dark Lord" (1974)
"When Love Has Overgrown" / What is a Day Without Love" (1975)
"Waterfall" / "Daylight" (1976)
"95 In The Shade" / "Lost In A World" (1976)
"Sold on Love" / "Daylight" (1976)
"Are You Dancing" / "Out Of Your Shadow" (1977)
"Kiss In The Dark" / "Simple Man" (1977)
"Poor Boy / "Simple Man" (1978)
"Just Say No" / "GB Jig" (2001)
The Monks
Bad Habits (1979) EMI
Suspended Animation (1980)
Singles:
"Nice Legs Shame About the Face" / "You'll Be the Death of Me" (1979)
"I Ain't Gettin Any" / "Inter-City Kitty" (1979)
"Johnny B. Rotten" / "Drugs in My Pocket" (1979)
""Drugs in My Pocket" / "Love In Stereo" (1979)
"Want No Reds" / Suspended Animation" (1980)
"I Can Do Anything You Like" / "Monks Medley" (1981)
"Cool Way To Live" / "King Dong" (1981)
High Society
High Society (1984, re-released 1997, 2003 & 2009)
Singles:
"I Never Go Out in the Rain" / "I Could Never Live Without You" (1980)
"Gotta Get Out of This Rut" / "Powder Blue" (1981)
Ford-Lloyd
"Halloween – There's A Party Going On" (2012)
"Halloween – I'm The Nightmare in Your Dreams" (2012)
Solo
Love is a Highway (1998), Whole Shot Records
Heading for a High (2000), Whole Shot Records
Natural High (2002), Whole Shot Records
Backtracking (2004, compilation), Whole Shot Records
Whatever Happened to Christmas? (2005), Whole Shot Records
New World EP (2005), Whole Shot Records
A Christmas Trilogy (2006), Whole Shot Records
Big Hit in India (2008), Whole Shot Records
Resurrected – The Best of and Then Some (2010), Whole Shot Records
No Talkin (2014), Whole Shot Records
A Better Day (2015), Whole Shot Records
Life in a Foreign Town (2021), Whole Shot Records
Singles:
"It's Alright, Bill" / "Captain Of Your Ship" (1973)Compilation inclusions'''The Fox Lies Down: A Tribute To Genesis – track: Carpet Crawlers (Cleopatra Records/Purple Pyramid 1998)Progressive Rock Epics – track: Carpet Crawlers (St. Clair Entertainment Group 2001)ROCK 4 XMAS All Stars Compilation'' – track: White Christmas (ROCK 4 XMAS 2005)
References
External links
John Ford of the Strawbs website
John Ford of the Strawbs Official Facebook
Hudson Ford on MySpace
The Monks on MySpace
Official Strawbs website
1948 births
Living people
Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera members
English rock musicians
English rock singers
English male singer-songwriters
People from Fulham
Strawbs members
The Dungeon Masters is a 2008 documentary film about the role playing game Dungeons & Dragons and its significance in the lives of three dungeon masters (self described as "gamemasters"): Scott Corum, Richard Meeks and Elizabeth Reesman. The film is director Keven McAlester's second feature documentary (his first was You're Gonna Miss Me), and premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival. It was an official selection of the South by Southwest Film Festival and the AFI Dallas Film Festival. The original film score is by Blonde Redhead. Cinematography is by Lee Daniel. The film's executive producers are Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi, the directors of Bug. The film's producers are Jeff Levy-Hinte, Brian Gerber and Kel Symons.
Synopsis
The Dungeon Masters explores the lives of three devoted Dungeons & Dragons enthusiasts who find the harsh realities of life impeding on their rich worlds of fantasy. This commentary on the frail psyche of the American middle-class examines the subculture of gamers and role-playing games, specifically Dungeons & Dragons.
Development
The movie was originally envisioned as a history of Dungeons & Dragons, but shifted its focus to the lives of the players early on. The film was produced by Antidote Films.
Release
It was released on DVD in 2010 by MPI Media Group.
Reception
Rob Vaux of mania.com comments: "Even when their wounds come self-inflicted or the movie settles for surface impressions rather than more nuanced details, we remain firmly in the trio's corner. We pull madly for them to succeed and die a little bit when life hands them its inevitable failures. McAlister structures the documentary after classic fantasy novels, with rising challenges leading to moments of darkness and an eventual (if comparatively minor) triumph. It demonstrates how the game they love teaches lessons on life, and how life in turn feeds back into the game. They're not in opposition to each other, but act together: something few outsiders understand but which The Dungeon Masters—despite some shortcomings–illustrates with thoughtfulness and empathy."
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 67% based on reviews from 6 critics.
References
External links
The Dungeon Masters review
2000s American films
2000s English-language films
2008 documentary films
2008 films
American documentary films
Documentary films about fandom
Dungeons & Dragons
The Volga is a river of Russia.
Volga may also refer to:
Places
Russia
Volga Delta, the delta of the Volga River
Volga economic region
Volga Federal District
Volga Region, an historical region
Volga, Russia, several rural localities in Russia
United States
Volga, Indiana, an unincorporated town
Volga, Iowa, a city
Volga Township, Clayton County, Iowa
Volga, Kentucky, an unincorporated community
Volga, South Dakota, a city
Volga, Texas, an unincorporated community
Volga, West Virginia, an unincorporated community
Volga River (Iowa), a river
Other
1149 Volga, an asteroid
In business
Volga (automobile), a Russian brand
Volga (finance), in quantitative finance, a second order derivative of an option pricing formula versus volatility
Air Volga, a former airline headquartered in Moscow
VoLGA Forum, an organisation of telecommunication vendors and operators
In sports and games
FC Volga Ulyanovsk
Volga Ulyanovsk Bandy Club
Volga Gambit, original name of the Benko Gambit in chess
In other uses
Volga class motorship, a type of Russian river passenger ship
Volga radar, a Russian early warning radar in Belarus
Operation Volga or 2 June 2006 Forest Gate raid on alleged terrorists by Metropolitan Police in London, England
Volga Highway, see M7 highway (Russia)
Volga (rocket stage), a rocket upper stage designed in Russia
Volga, pen name of P. Lalita Kumari, Telugu female writer
See also
Volga Volga (1928 film), a German silent film
Volga-Volga, a 1938 Soviet film
Volga Germans, ethnic Germans living in the Volga Region in Russia
Volzhsk
Volzhsky (disambiguation)
Volha
Rudolf Patrick (Rudi) Holzapfel (11 December 1938 in Paris, France – 6 February 2005 in Bonn, Germany) was an Irish poet and teacher.
Early life
Their father, Rudolf Melander Holzapfel (1900–1982), was a Shakespeare scholar, expert on Old Master paintings, and art dealer. Their mother, Mona Trew Holzapfel (1914–1998), was an original member of the renowned Bluebell Girls at the Folies Bergère. The Parisian dance troupe, founded in 1932 by the Dublin born Margaret Kelly (1910–2004), continues to perform elaborate shows at the Lido de Paris. The family relocated to America, living in California between 1946 to 1956, where Rudi Holzapfel graduated from Santa Barbara Catholic High School.
Education
From 1956 to 1970, Holzapfel worked various jobs in England and Ireland, and studied - attaining a M. Litt. with their thesis "Irish Literary Periodicals from 1900 to the Present Day" (1964) - at Trinity College, Dublin, where they edited Icarus. It was during these years that Holzapfel began to identify with Ireland and the cause of Irish nationalism; they have said they would like to be considered a true inheritor of the spiritual legacy of the Gaelic Bards. They began a lifelong study and appreciation of James Clarence Mangan (1803–1849), who they describe as the greatest Irish poet before Yeats. In 1969, Holzapfel published James Clarence Mangan: A Checklist of Printed and Other Sources (Dublin: Scepter).
Career
From 1970 to the late 1980s, Holzapfel lived in Germany, teaching English and Literature, especially at the Emil-Fischer-Gymnasium in Euskirchen. Holzapfel has published more than twenty-five books of poetry, some under their own imprint, Sunburst Press (Blackrock, County Dublin). An early book of poetry, Cast a Cold Eye, was written with Brendan Kennelly (Dolmen Press, 1959). Holzapfel has published with other Irish authors, including Oliver Snoddy and John Farrell, and their work has been anthologized in the Penguin Book of Irish Verse and Modern Irish Poets. With a circle of other Mangan scholars, including Jacques Chuto, Peter Van de Kamp, Peter MacMahon, and Ellen Shannon-Mangan, Holzapfel has edited selections of Mangan's prose and poems for the Irish Academic Press.
Rudi Holzapfel died in Bonn, Germany, on 6 February 2005. Their grave is to be found at the Poppelsdorfer Friedhof. Their final book of Sonnets, A Tiger Says Their Prayers, was published posthumously in 2006.
Works
Cast a Cold Eye, 1959, with Brendan Kennelly
Romances [by "rooan hurkey"], 1960, Sunburst Press
The Rain, the Moon, 1961, with Brendan Kennelly
The Dark About Our Loves, 1962, with Brendan Kennelly
Poems: Green Townlands (Leeds), 1963, with Brendan Kennelly
Transubstantiations, 1963
The Leprechaun [by "R. Patrick Ward"], 1963
Why Hitler is in Heaven (satirical ballad), 1964
Nollaig by Rudi Holzappel [sic] and Oliver Snoddy, 1964
Translations From The English, 1965, The Museum Bookshop, Dublin
The Rebel Bloom, Leeds, 1967
For Love of Ireland (Broadsheet with 9 poems), [the author], Leeds, 1967
No Road beyond Vallombrosa, 1968
Parasites Lost, (Rudi Patrick Sebastian Holzapfel and John Joseph Conleth Farrell), 1970, Privately Printed, Cork
Soledades, n.d., [1974], Sunburst Press
Whom a Dream Hath Possessed, 1975, Sunburst Press
A Smile Dies, 1978, Sunburst Press
Repeat after me [with Hermann Brunken], 1980, Woodway Press, Euskirchen
Poems Written Swiftly, 1982, Sunburst Press
Buckshot (Aphorisms), 1983
Turning and Manipulation, 1986, Sunburst Press
Ask Silence Why, 1961-1982, selected poems edited by Ellen Shannon-Mangan, Dublin, 1987, Beaver Row Press
The Light of Loss, December 1987, Sunburst Press
And Other Poems, 1987, Pioneer Printing, New York
White Alligators, 1991, Sunburst Press
For Ronnie, 1993 (single leaf - to be read at the graveside)
An Cheapach, 1993, Sunburst Press
Dark Harvest, 1997, Sunburst Press
Sonnets, 2001, Sunburst Press
The Thieves of Dream, 2003, Sunburst Press
A Tiger Says Their Prayers, 2006, Sunburst Press
References
Rudi Holzapfel A Bibliographical Checklist, foreword by Alraune Graefin Boesewicht, 1971, Triest.
External links
http://www.lib.udel.edu/ud/spec/findaids/holzapf.htm
Irish poets
1938 births
2005 deaths
20th-century poets
Wahroonga is a suburb in the Upper North Shore of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia, 18 kilometres north-west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government areas of Ku-ring-gai Council and Hornsby Shire. North Wahroonga is a separate suburb to the north, sharing the same postcode.
History
Wahroonga is an Aboriginal word meaning our home, probably from the Kuringgai language group. In the early days of the British colonisation of New South Wales, the main activity was cutting down the tall trees which grew there. Wahroonga was first colonised by the British in 1822 by Thomas Hyndes, a convict who became a wealthy landowner.
Hyndes's land was later acquired by John Brown, a merchant and timber-getter. After Brown had cleared the land of timber, they planted orchards. Later, Ada, Lucinda and Roland Avenues were named after three of their children. Their name is in Browns Road, Browns Field and Browns Waterhole on the Lane Cove River. The last member of the Brown family was Gertrude Mary Appleton, who died in 2008 at the age of ninety-three.  They are buried in the cemetery of St John the Baptist Church, Gordon.
After the North Shore railway line was opened in 1890 it became a popular place for wealthy business people to build out-of-town residences with large gardens. Wahroonga Post Office opened on 15 October 1896. Much of this development occurred in the 1920s and 1930s.
Housing
Wahroonga is known for its tree-lined, shady streets and well maintained gardens. Notable streets include Water Street, Burns Road, Iloura Avenue and Billyard Avenue.
Heritage listings
Wahroonga has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
9 Highlands Avenue: Highlands
62 Boundary Road: Jack House, Wahroonga
69-71 Clissold Road: Rose Seidler House
61-65 Coonanbarra Road: St John's Uniting Church, Wahroonga
16 Fox Valley Road: Purulia, Wahroonga
69 Junction Road: Evatt House
North Shore railway: Wahroonga railway station
1526 Pacific Highway: Mahratta, Wahroonga
1678 Pacific Highway and Woonona Avenue: Wahroonga Reservoir
23 Roland Avenue: Simpson-Lee House I
14 Woonona Avenue: The Briars, Wahroonga
Highlands, in Highlands Avenue, is a timber house designed by John Horbury Hunt and built in 1891 for Alfred Hordern. Hunt was a Canadian architect who used the Arts and Crafts style and the Shingle Style popular in North America. Highlands is listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register and was listed on the (now defunct) Register of the National Estate.
Architect William Hardy Wilson designed and built their own home, Purulia, on Fox Valley Road. Built in 1913, the home is in the Colonial Revival style and became, according to some observers, a prototype for North Shore homes. It is listed on the Register of the National Estate.
Berith Park, in Billyard Avenue, was designed by F. Ernest Stowe for Alfred Smith, who bought the land in 1897. The house was finished circa 1909.
Westholme, in Water Street, was designed by Howard Joseland in the Arts and Crafts style for John Bennett, one of the pioneer developers of Wahroonga. Bennett came from England but migrated to Australia with their wife and acquired property at Wahroonga in 1893. Westholme was built in 1894. Another house was added at the other end of the block, but this was demolished in 1991 after changing hands several times.
The Gatehouse, in Water Street, was originally part of the John Williams Hospital. The hospital also includes the Federation mansion Rippon Grange, designed by Howard Joseland. The Gatehouse is listed on the local government heritage register.
Craignairn, at the corner of Burns Road and Cleveland Street, was also designed in the Arts and Crafts style by Howard Joseland. The client was Walter Strang.
Joseland also built their own home Malvern two doors away from the Strang home in Burns Road. An example of the Federation Bungalow style, it has been described as "unpretentious and solidly comfortable." Between Craignairn and Malvern in Burns Road, Joseland also built Coolabah, another fine Federation Bungalow example.
The Briars, in Woonona Avenue, are built on land that was granted to John Hughes in 1842, and later divided into four estates. Jessie Edith Balcombe built The Briars on one of these estates in 1895. It is listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register.
The Rose Seidler House, in Clissold Road, built by Harry Seidler between 1948 and 1950, was one of the first examples of modern residential architecture in Australia.
Commercial areas
The main shopping and commercial area is the Wahroonga Village located adjacent to the west side of the railway station. It has a variety of stores including several cafes, restaurants, health stores and boutiques as well as an IGA supermarket.
The smaller commercial centres are the Hampden Avenue shopping strip in east Wahroonga, and Fox Valley Shopping Centre on Fox Valley Road in south west Wahroonga.
There is also a commercial area at the intersection of Fox Valley Road and The Comenarra Parkway which contains the Sydney Adventist Hospital, Globalstar's Australian office, and the offices of the South Pacific Division of Seventh-day Adventists.
Transport
Wahroonga railway station is on the North Shore & Western Line of the Sydney Trains network, with frequent rail services to Central and Hornsby.
Wahroonga is the Sydney end of the M1 Motorway to Newcastle. The Pacific Highway connects Wahroonga by road with the rest of the North Shore and Pennant Hills Road's northern end begins in Wahroonga and intersects the M1 Motorway at Pearce's Corner. The Comenarra Parkway is a minor arterial road that stretches from Thornleigh to West Pymble via Wahroonga and South Turramurra.
Transdev NSW's Upper North Shore services provide sporadic bus services to parts of Wahroonga.
Parks
Wahroonga Park is located to the north-east of the railway station, and features a significant number of well established introduced trees, a rose garden and a children's playground. The Glade, located near Abbotsleigh, has an oval, two tennis courts, a half basketball court and cricket nets. There is also a small Blue Gum High Forest, next to the tennis courts. Browns Field is a small sporting oval, formerly a historic logging area. Sir Robert Menzies Park is a small park located within Fox Valley.
Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park is located north of Wahroonga. It is the second oldest national park in Australia and is very popular, offering many walking tracks, picnic spots and Aboriginal sites with rock carvings. The park has a large proportion of the known Aboriginal sites in the Sydney area.
Schools
Primary:
Wahroonga Public School
Waitara Public School
Prouille Catholic Primary School
Wahroonga Preparatory School
St Lucy's School for children with disabilities
Secondary:
St Leo's Catholic College
St Edmund's School for students with vision impairment and other special needs
K-12:
Knox Grammar School
Abbotsleigh School for Girls
Wahroonga Adventist School
Gallery
Population
Demographics
According to the , there were 17,371 residents in Wahroonga. 60.4% of people were born in Australia. The most common countries of birth were England 5.6%, China 5.6%, South Africa 2.6%, India 2.2% and New Zealand 1.9%. 71.7% of people only spoke English at home. Other languages spoken at home included Mandarin (6.7%), Cantonese (3.1%), Korean (1.7%), Persian (1.2%) and Hindi (1.1%). The most common responses for religion in Wahroonga were No Religion 27.6%, Catholic 21.9% and Anglican 18.8%.
Notable residents
Halse Rogers Arnott, medical practitioner, company director and chairperson of Arnott's, lived on Burns Road
Dorothy ('Dot') Butler, bushwalker, mountaineer, and conservationist, lived in Boundary Road
David Campese, former Wallaby
Grace Cossington Smith, Australian artist and pioneer of modernist painting, attended Abbotsleigh School
Clive Evatt, politician and barrister
Nicholas Fitzgerald, football (soccer) player for the Brisbane Roar
Martin Flood, Australian quiz champion
Adam Garcia, actor
Peter Garrett, frontman of 1980s band Midnight Oil and Member of the Australian House of Representatives for Kingsford Smith from 2004 to 2013 was born and raised here.
Mel Gibson, actor, was educated by members of the Congregation of Christian Brothers at St Leo's Catholic College during their high school years
Stuart Inder, journalist, editor and specialist in Pacific Islands affairs
Hugh Jackman, actor
Howard Joseland, architect, responsible for many of Wahroonga's finest early homes.
Richard Makinson, physicist
Ollie McGill, keyboardist and backing vocalist for The Cat Empire
Deborah Schofield, director of the Centre for Economic Impacts of Genomic Medicine, Macquarie University
William Hardy Wilson, architect, artist and author
Ellyse Perry, Australian dual-international footballer and cricketer
Natalie Tobin, association footballer player for Sydney FC
John Toohey, founder of Tooheys Brewery and politician, lived at Innisfail, now part of Knox Grammar School
William Windeyer, justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales and decorated soldier
Harry Wolstenholme, lawyer and amateur ornithologist lived in Wahroonga
References
External links
[CC-By-SA]
Information on Wahroonga at Ku-ring-gai council's website
Rose Seidler House
Heritage Homes of Wahroonga
Rover Crews - for young people aged 18–25 - at nearby Turramurra & Kissing Point
[CC-By-SA]
Suburbs of Sydney
1822 establishments in Australia
Populated places established in 1822
Imma crocozela is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on New Guinea.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous purple with ochreous-yellow markings. There is a fine costal streak, dilated towards the base and a streak in the disc from near the base to the middle. A large oblique triangular blotch is found on the middle of the costa, the apex directed towards the tornus and reaching two-thirds of the way across the wing. There is also an elongated mark along the dorsum from one-third to three-fourths and a narrow fascia around the apical fourth of the costa and termen to the tornus, broadest at the apex. The hindwings have a subdorsal groove. They are dark fuscous, lighter towards the base and dorsum.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of New Guinea
The 1940 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 13th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Cork entered the championship as the defending champions in search of a record fourth successive title, however, they were beaten by Limerick in the Munster semi-final.
On 1 September 1940 Limerick won the championship following a 6-4 to 2-4 defeat of Antrim in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Dublin defeated Laois by 10-05 to 3-03 to win the Leinster Championship, however, they later forfeited the title after an objection regarding the playing of overage players was upheld by the Leinster Council.
Antrim qualified for the All-Ireland final for the first and only time in their history.
Limerick became the fifth team to win the All-Ireland Championship title.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Ida Victoria Karkiainen (born 10 May 1988) is a Swedish politician for the Social Democratic party. Since 30 November 2021 they are the Minister for Public Administration in Magdalena Andersson's cabinet, replacing Lena Micko.
Karkiainen is in a relationship with musician Mattias "Buffeln" Lind who is a member of the industrial metal band Raubtier. Them connection to the band and their violent and nationalistic lyrics and hard partying lifestyle has created some controversy in Swedish media.
References
Living people
Swedish politicians
1988 births
People from Haparanda Municipality
Women government ministers of Sweden
Members of the Riksdag 2014–2018
Members of the Riksdag 2018–2022
Members of the Riksdag 2022–2026
21st-century Swedish women politicians
Aloe aldabrensis (the "Aldabra Aloe", previously Lomatophyllum aldabrensis) is a species of Aloe endemic to the islands of Aldabra in the Indian Ocean, where it can still be found in coastal scrub on limestone-based soil.
Description
It is part of a group of aloes which bear fleshy berries, and were therefore classed as a separate group, Lomatophyllum. Within this group it is most closely related to Aloe pembana and Aloe alexandrei - both also from islands in the Mozambique channel - and Aloe peyrierasii from the north east corner of Madagascar. These species are also more distantly related to Aloe purpurea of Mauritius, but differ by their larger leaves, longer flowers, and more widely interspaced leaf-teeth.
The Aldabra aloe usually grows singly, close to the ground, with at most a short stem. Its leaves are green with red or orange tints. Its multi-branched inflorescence bears orange-red flowers in racemes, and its seeds develop in fleshy berries.
References
aldabrensis
Endemic flora of Seychelles
Endangered flora of Africa
Slum clearance, slum eviction or slum removal is an urban renewal strategy used to transform low income settlements with poor reputation into another type of development or housing. This has long been a strategy for redeveloping urban communities; for example slum clearance plans were required in the United Kingdom in the Housing Act 1930, while the Housing Act of 1937 encouraged similar clearance strategies in the United States. Frequently, but not always, these programs were paired with public housing or other assistance programs for the displaced communities.
Reasons
Slum clearance is still practiced today in a number of different situations. During major international events like conferences and sporting competitions, governments have been known to forcefully clear low income housing areas, as a strategy to impress the international attention in an attempt to reduce the visibility of the host city's apparent poverty. Other attempts at slum clearance have been subject to other motivations, such as repressing political opposition or attempts to keep certain communities in check. Zimbabwe's Operation Murambatsvina was widely criticized by the international community, including a scathing report from the UN which noted human rights abuses alongside poor design of the program, which was estimated to displace at least 700,000 slum dwellers.
Consequences
Critics argue that slum removal by force tends to ignore the social problems that cause slums. Poor families who may fall below the income threshold to afford low income housing replacements, often families including children and working adults, need a place to live when adequate low income housing is too expensive to provide housing. Moreover, slums are frequently sites of informal economies that provide jobs, services, and livelihoods not otherwise available in the community. Slum clearance removes the slum, but it does not remove the causes that create and maintain the slum. Similarly, plans to remove slums in a number of non-Western contexts have proven ineffective without sufficient housing and other support for the displaced communities; for example academics describing such strategies as detrimental in Nigeria, where the slum destruction puts further stress on already short housing stock, in some cases create new slums in other parts of the community.
Alternatives
Some communities have opted for slum upgrading, as an alternative solution: improving the quality of services and infrastructure to match the community developed in the slum.
See also
Slum clearance in India
Slum clearance in South Africa
References
Squatting
Congregation Beth Israel () is a Modern Orthodox synagogue in Berkeley, California. Established in 1924 as the Berkeley Hebrew Center, it traces its origins to the First Hebrew Congregation of Berkeley, founded in 1909. It was Berkeley's first synagogue and remains its oldest. Lay-led for four decades, it hired its first rabbi, Saul Berman, in 1963.
Berman served until 1969, and was succeeded by Yosef Leibowitz, who served for 15 years. During the 1980s and early 1990s Beth Israel was at the vanguard of the baal teshuva movement in Modern Orthodox Judaism.
In 1999 the congregation began an $8 million fund-raising campaign to build a new synagogue, a replica of the Przedbórz Synagogue, destroyed in Poland by the Nazis, during the Holocaust in 1942. Difficult economic times restricted fundraising efforts, and instead the congregation completed a more modest structure in 2005. , the rabbi was Yonatan Cohen.
Early years
Congregation Beth Israel was established as the Berkeley Hebrew Center at 1630 Bancroft Way, the first, and still-oldest synagogue in Berkeley, California. Though the cornerstone was laid in 1924, the congregation traces its roots back to 1909, when Martin Meyer, rabbi of San Francisco's Congregation Emanu-El, founded the First Hebrew Congregation of Berkeley. From 1913 to 1916 Meyer's disciple Louis Israel Newman served as rabbi. During this period, small groups of Jews would rent space above stores in downtown Berkeley for Shabbat and holiday services. In 1924, under the name "Berkeley Hebrew Center", members of the First Hebrew Congregation of Berkeley built their first permanent home at the corner of Bancroft and Jefferson Streets.
Though during its first decades the synagogue was lay-led, in its early years it received significant guidance and support from Meyer and Newman, both Reform rabbis. Nevertheless, the congregation was quite traditional; the kitchen was kosher, members covered their heads, the traditional prayer book was used. While the Friday night services "resembled Reform practice... the High Holiday services were clearly closer to Orthodox practice."
Post–World War II growth
In the 1950s and 1960s Beth Israel benefited from an influx of students and faculty from University of California, Berkeley. Many of the graduate students had grown up in Orthodox homes, and many of the faculty were becoming more observant. These new members organized Shabbat services, and "pressed for the hiring of a rabbi". In 1963 Beth Israel decided to hire its first rabbi, an Orthodox one, and chose Saul Berman, who had been ordained by the Modern Orthodox Yeshiva University. Berman increased levels of observance in the organization, and turned the sometimes sporadic Sunday school into a more educationally rigorous three-times-a-week Hebrew school. This in turn attracted new families to the congregation. Berman would serve until 1969, and go on to become "a leading voice of modern Orthodoxy."
Berman was succeeded by Yosef Leibowitz; Beth Israel was their first pulpit. Leibowitz would serve for fifteen years, before moving to Israel in 1984, and was succeeded first by Joseph Ozarowski, then by Manny Forman. During this period Beth Israel became one of the "flagship" synagogues of baal teshuva movement in Modern Orthodoxy, the adoption of Orthodox observance by "highly educated, prosperous, professional young people, mainly from non-Orthodox backgrounds, and often with meager Jewish educations".
Eliezer Finkelman served as rabbi from 1992 to 2000, before moving to the East Coast of the United States. They were succeeded by Yair Silverman, a Montreal native who had lived in Israel for five years, and served in the Israel Defense Forces for a year, before being ordained by Yeshiva University in 1999.
New building
In 1999 the congregation began a campaign to construct new building; the old building had only one room, a very low ceiling, no air conditioning, and was "seismically unsafe". The plan was to build a replica of the Przedbórz Synagogue in Poland, considered to be among the most beautiful of the Polish–Lithuanian wooden synagogues, and burned down by the Nazis in 1942. Costs had initially been budgeted at $8 million, but fundraising was slowed by collapse of the dot-com bubble and the economic effects of the September 11 attacks. The project was scaled back to $3.5 million in 2002, and then abandoned in March 2003, after only $2 million was raised.
Earlier that year, in January, the congregation acquired its first new Torah scroll in its 75-year history, at a cost of $40,000. The synagogue already had three Torah scrolls, but they had been acquired used in the 1950s. Though repaired over time, "due to wear and tear" they were becoming unusable.
The following year construction began on a new building that looked similar to the previous one. During its construction, which was on the existing lot, services were held in various temporary locations. Completed in 2005, the design included a replica of the Przedbórz synagogue's "intricately carved" wooden charity box, and wooden floors and ceilings. While the facade was cement, the roof, almost 30 feet high, was constructed of western red cedar. The sanctuary had seating for 176 people, and the back wall separating the sanctuary from the social hall could be raised by a pulley system, creating one large combined room. At the time, the congregation had 165 member families.
Recent events
Silverman returned to Israel in 2006, and was replaced by Yonatan Cohen. Cohen, a native of Israel who grew up outside Tel Aviv, had moved with their family to Montreal when they were 10. Though their parents were not observant, Cohen became more-so, aligning first with the Conservative movement, and then studying at the "Modern Open Orthodox" Yeshivat Chovevei Torah in New York City, headed by Rabbi Avi Weiss.
Rabbi Max Davis, a 2008 graduate of Yeshivat Chovevei Torah, joined the congregation that year as rabbinic educator. They earned their master's degree in Jewish education from Yeshiva University in 2009, and in August 2010 they moved to Congregation B'nai Torah of Springfield, Massachusetts.
, the rabbi was Yonatan Cohen.
Notes
References
External links
Congregation Beth Israel website
1909 establishments in California
1924 establishments in California
Modern Orthodox synagogues in the United States
Orthodox synagogues in California
Religious buildings and structures in Berkeley, California
Jewish organizations established in 1909
Jewish organizations established in 1924
Synagogues completed in 1924
Synagogues completed in 2005
