Krasavchik () is a rural locality (a khutor) in Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Rachel Carson College is a residential college at the University of California, Santa Cruz. Named in honor of conservationist Rachel Carson, it is on the west side of campus, north of Oakes College and southeast of Porter College. The current provost of the college is Professor Sue Carter, also a faculty member of UCSC's Physics Department. The theme of its first-year student core course is Environment and Society.
History
Rachel Carson College was founded in 1972 as College Eight at the current location of the Kerr Hall lecture building. Before it moved to its present location in 1990, College Eight was the only UCSC college that did not have its own on-campus housing; residential students were then housed at the Porter College residence halls. At the time, its focus was on transfer students, who are usually less likely to live on campus than students on a traditional four-year course.
On September 15, 2016, it was announced that the former College Eight would be named Rachel Carson College, with the help of an endowment from the Helen and Will Webster Foundation.
Freshman core class
Rachel Carson College's first-year student core class, Environment and Society, "examines education, identity, nature, community, livelihood, and livability at local and national levels as contemporary global transformations affect them." (All Rachel Carson College freshmen must take it, but transfer students are exempt if they have more than 45 credits.) The course has been expanded to a year, the first quarter being an overview of environmental issues with an emphasis on social sciences and environmental justice, the second providing a strong grounding in biological and atmospheric issues (along with empirical and quantitative methods), and the final course emphasizes creative hands-on solutions, particularly in terms of energy issues. These provide the foundation for a new social entrepreneur initiative.
References
External links
Rachel Carson College home page
College Eight Wikis has extensive green content
UC Santa Cruz home page
UCSC statistics by residential college
Photographs and architectural drawings of Rachel Carson College from the UC Santa Cruz Library's Digital Collections
University of California, Santa Cruz colleges
College
The Elvis Brothers were a rock/pop trio (and sometimes quartet) that got its start in Champaign, Illinois in 1981, and were "staples of midwest clubs and theaters from the early 80s through the early 90s". The members were Rob Elvis (guitar, vocals), Graham Elvis (bass, vocals) and Brad Elvis (drums). The band released two albums with Portrait/Epic Records: Movin' Up in 1983, and Adventure Time in 1985. The band lost their record deal when Portrait was closed in 1986. The original trio re-united in 1992 and released an album called Now Dig This on Recession Records. On April 5, 2002, International Pop Overthrow music festival hosted an Elvis Brothers Reunion show at the Abbey Pub in Chicago, IL.
After the Elvis Brothers broke up, Brad Elvis replaced Clem Burke as the drummer for The Romantics.
The band name
The band started off as a duo of Rob and Graham and at that time they included many Elvis Presley covers in their set, so when they had to come up with a name, they jokingly went with "The Elvis Brothers" and it stuck.
Reception
"If you're really committed to the 'fun' only unpretentious pop can provide, you might as well go directly to these proud posers, who generate hooks in an abundance that will shame whatever 'authentic' locals you retain a sentimental yen for. Connoisseurs of pop plasticity will get an additional kick out of how affectlessly they shift from the usual ersatz teen romance to equally meaningless and equally commercial outlaw and rebel themes. Plus an uncanny Beatle impression on 'It's So Hard.' B− " (Robert Christgau)
"the band released a pair of albums ... that, while not groundbreaking, were well-crafted pop, and highly regarded in power pop circles." (Chris Woodstra, Allmusic)
"(The Elvis Brothers) played a marvelous (and deceptively simple) concoction of slicked-up rockabilly, stripped-down Cheap Trick-tinged melodic rock and roll and pristine pure pop that boasts superbly articulated energy, occasionally goofy lyrics and enough hooks to catch a school of minnows. (Ira Robbins, Trouser Press)
"Take Rockpile's loose-as-a-goose barroom stomp-downs, add Cheap Trick's Midwestern hard-pop sensibility and cartoon-character posturing, throw in Squeeze's knack for the modern hook and the Stray Cats's rockabilly-trio configuration, and you'll have some idea of where the Elvis Brothers are coming from." (Parke Puterpaugh, Rolling Stone)
Members
Main members
Rob Elvis (Rob Newhouse) - guitar, vocals
Graham Elvis (Graham Walker) - bass, vocals
Brad Elvis (Brad Steakley) - drums
Additional members
Adam Schmitt - guitar, vocals
Randy Seals - drums
Discography
Albums
Movin' Up (1983, Portrait)
Adventure Time (1985, Portrait)
Now Dig This (1992, Recession Records)
Movin' Up/Adventure Time (1995, Sony/Recession Records)
Singles
"Fire In The City" / "Here We Go Again" (1983, Portrait)
"Hidden In A Heartbeat" / "Full Speed Straight Ahead" (1983, Portrait)
"Fire In The City" / "Full Speed Straight Ahead" (1984, Portrait UK)
"Somebody Call The Police" / "Crosswinds" (1985, Portrait)
"Don't Take My Guns Away" (1985, Portrait)
"Motormouth" / "Rock For It" (1992, Recession)
"Valentine" / "The Great American Acid Test" (1992, Recession)
References
American power pop groups
Musical groups from Illinois
The Hundred of Yanyarrie is a hundred within County of Granville, South Australia.
History
It was proclaimed on 18 January 1877 and its school opened in 1882 but closed in 1954.
"The Yanyarrie Post Office opened in June 1878 and the Yanyarrie School in 1873; the latter closed in 1954. The Yanyarrie Whim Post Office, opened in 1877 between Eurelia and Yanyarrie on the Hallett- Blinman postal line, was renamed ‘Carrieton' in April 1888. In 1884, Messrs Burgoyne and Coglin, MP's, presented to the Minister of Justice and Education (Hon. R.C. Baker) a request from the residents of Yanyarrie that a new school should be provided because ‘the building in which it is now carried on is most unsuitable. One of the settlers is willing to give a piece of land on section 168 for a site".
The main town of the hundred is Carrieton, South Australia which was established 1877, beyond Goyder Line.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Yanyarrie
The 1981 Nivea Tennis Classic, also known as the South Pacific Classic was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tournament held on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Courts in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia that was part of the 1981 Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was the eighth and last edition of the tournament and was held from 5 October until 11 October 1981. Second-seeded Mark Edmondson won the singles title, their third at the event after 1976 and 1978.
Finals
Singles
Mark Edmondson defeated Chris Lewis 7–6, 3–6, 6–4
It was Edmondson's 3rd singles title of the year and the 6th and final of their career.
Doubles
Rod Frawley / Chris Lewis defeated Mark Edmondson / Mike Estep 7–5, 4–6, 7–6(7–4)
References
External links
ITF tournament details
Nivea Tennis Classic
Nivea Tennis Classic, 1981
Sports competitions in Brisbane
Tennis in Queensland
Nivea Tennis Classic
Nivea Tennis Classic
Stadion Františka Kloze is a multi-use stadium in Kladno, Czech Republic. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of SK Kladno. The stadium holds 4,000 people and was opened in 1914. It is named after former player František Kloz, situated by the street also named after him.
References
Photo gallery and data at Erlebnis-stadion.de
Frantiska Kloze
Czech First League venues
SK Kladno
Sport in Kladno
Upton is a hamlet in the civil parish of Dinton-with-Ford and Upton, in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located to the north of the main village of Dinton, on the junction between the new road from Aylesbury to Thame, and the old road before it was rerouted.
The hamlet name is a common one in England, and means 'higher farm', referring in this case to the hamlet's location at the top of an adjacent hill to Dinton.
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
The surname Punch may refer to:
Gary Punch (born 1957), Australian politician
Jerry Punch (born 1953), American auto racing and college football commentator
John Punch (slave) (fl. 1630s), supposedly the first official slave in the English colonies
John Punch (theologian), 1603–1661), Irish Franciscan scholastic philosopher and theologian
Leon Punch (1928–1991), Australian politician
Lucy Punch (born 1977), English actor
Sean Punch (born 1967), Canadian writer and game designer
Eğerlibaşköy, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Valentin Hristov (, born 16 March 1956) is a retired Bulgarian heavyweight weightlifter.  They are best known for being the first weightlifter to be disqualified from the modern Olympic Games for doping after anabolic steroid testing was introduced at the 1976 Games. They later went on to claim the silver at the 1980 Olympics. Hristov won the world and European titles in 1975 and 1977 and placed second in 1979. In 1975–76 they set nine ratified world records: three in the snatch, four in the clean and jerk and two in the total.
Hristov originally won the gold medal at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal for Bulgaria but had the medal stripped and title revoked after testing positive for an undisclosed anabolic steroid. This was before the IOC had banned those who cheated from future Olympic Games by testing positive for the use of PEDs, and the Bulgarian returned to claim the silver medal in 1980.
References
1956 births
Living people
Bulgarian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Bulgaria
Weightlifters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Bulgaria
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Competitors stripped of Summer Olympics medals
People from Pernik
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
World record setters in weightlifting
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Jalonne White-Newsome is a program officer and lecturer.  They are an advocate for environmental justice.
Early life
Jalonne White-Newsome is from Detroit, Michigan.
Education and career
In 1999, White-Newsome earned their bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from Northwestern University. After graduation, they worked as a project engineer at U.S. Gypsum. They returned to school, and in 2003, earned their master's in environmental engineering from Southern Methodist University.
Before returning to Michigan, White-Newsome worked for the Maryland Department of the Environment. They moved to Michigan with their husband, and, during maternity leave from their position with a local startup, they applied to graduate school.
In 2011, they earned their Ph.D. in environmental health sciences from the University of Michigan School of Public Health. They wrote their dissertation on exposures, vulnerability, and behaviors during heat waves.
White-Newsome worked at the community-based advocacy group West Harlem Environmental Action, Inc. (WE ACT for Environmental Justice). They served as director of federal policy in their newly opened Washington, D.C. office.
White-Newsome was the first post-doctoral Kendall Fellow in Climate Change and Public Health with the Union of Concerned Scientists.
As a program officer at the Kresge Foundation, where they began working in 2016, White-Newsome oversees a portfolio of grants on Climate Resilient & Equitable Water Systems.
White-Newsome is a lecturer at the Milliken Institute School of Public Health, George Washington University.
Research
Jalonne White-Newsome conducts research on the intersection of environment and health, especially climate change and health equity. Them work is aimed at improving our understanding of how communities adapt to extreme heat events.
White-Newsome advocates for equitable and just environmental policy. They have briefed members of Congress on their work and related research, specifically discussion the ways in which African Americans, Latinos, Asian Pacific Islanders, and Native Americans are exposed to higher levels of air pollution.
Selected works
Jalonne White-Newsome served on the American Society for Landscape Architecture Blue Ribbon Panel on Climate Change and Resilience. The Panel delivered their findings and recommendations in the report Smart Policies for a Changing Climate.
White-Newsome has published various papers on environmental science including "Climate change and health: indoor heat exposure in vulnerable populations", "Assessing heat-adaptive behaviors among older, urban-dwelling adults", "Geostatistical exploration of spatial variation of summertime temperatures in the Detroit metropolitan region", and "Preventing cold-related morbidity and mortality in a changing climate".
Awards and honors
White-Newsome was appointed to the National Academy of Sciences Board on Environmental Change and Society.
In 2017, they were appointed Michigan League of Conservation Voters' Advocate of the Year.
White-Newsome received The Environmental Management Association's Environmental Achievement Award in 2019.
They received the Kingdom Living Temple “Friends of the Environment Award” in 2017.
White-Newsome received “The Clean Power Plan Enforcer” by Grist Magazine in 2016.
References
Scientists from Detroit
Climate activists
American women environmentalists
African-American women engineers
American women engineers
African-American engineers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Michigan alumni
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
Kolosso may refer to:
Kolosso (comics)
Kolosso, Mali
Saïd Chiba ( – born 28 September 1970, Rabat) is a retired Moroccan football defensive midfielder and currently the manager of CR Al Hoceima.
They played for several clubs, including Al-Hilal (Saudi Arabia), SD Compostela (Spain), AS Nancy (France) and Aris Thessaloniki in Greece. They also had a short spell with Motherwell (Scotland).
They played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
References
External links
Saïd Chiba at Footballdatabase
1970 births
Moroccan footballers
Morocco international footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Al Hilal SFC players
Expatriate footballers in Spain
SD Compostela footballers
La Liga players
Expatriate footballers in France
AS Nancy Lorraine players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Motherwell F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
Living people
1998 FIFA World Cup players
Qatar SC players
Sharjah FC players
Khor Fakkan Sports Club players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Fath Union Sport players
2000 African Cup of Nations players
Qatar SC managers
Expatriate football managers in Qatar
Sportspeople from Rabat
Moroccan football managers
Association football midfielders
UAE Pro League players
Saudi Professional League players
Qatar Stars League players
Competitors at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Morocco
Mediterranean Games medalists in football
John Francis (born 24 April 1965) is an Indian boxer. They competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, they lost to Liu Dong of China.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Indian male boxers
Olympic boxers of India
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Featherweight boxers
The Brute () is a 1953 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Buñuel and starring Pedro Armendáriz and Katy Jurado.
Plot
Impoverished tenants are being evicted from their block of flats by their elderly landlord, Cabrera, who wants to build a house on the site for himself. The tenants refuse to leave, so the landlord, at the prompting of their young wife, Paloma, tells their strongest slaughterhouse worker, Pedro, known as El Bruto, to get rid of the ringleaders. When Pedro moves into the landlord's house to work for them as a retail butcher and enforcer, Paloma, who also works in the shop, is strongly attracted to him. They begin an affair.
Starting the campaign, Pedro punches one of the ringleaders, the father of Meche, and kills the sick man unintentionally. This precipitates the other tenants to find and attack him, ending in a nail being stuck in their shoulder. They burst into an apartment and, finding Meche, asks them to remove it. They fall in love with them despite their initial rejection, and faces divided loyalties as the landlord treats them like a son. El Bruto has a suspicion that the landlord had an affair with their mother when they were their maid, and is indeed their father.
When Pedro finds that Meche has been evicted and has been abandoned by the other tenants, they propose marriage and offers them a home. When Paloma, paying another clandestine visit to Pedro, finds out that they now live with Meche, in their jealous rage, they tell Meche that they killed their father. Meche, horrified, flees. Pedro strikes them They return home and tells the landlord falsely that El Bruto ravaged them Cabrera issues instructions for Pefro to come to their house. When they do, Cabrera insults them and their mother and tries to kill him. Instead, Pedro kills him. Prompted by Paloma, the police pursue him. The tenants are happy because they will no longer be evicted.
Cast
Pedro Armendáriz as Pedro
Katy Jurado as Paloma
Rosa Arenas as Meche
Andrés Soler as Andrés Cabrera
Roberto Meyer as Carmelo González
Beatriz Ramos as Doña Marta
Paco Martínez as Don Pepe
Gloria Mestre as María
Paz Villegas as María's mother
José Muñoz as Lencho Ruíz
Diana Ochoa as Lencho's wife
Ignacio Villalbazo as María's brother
Jaime Fernández as Julián García
Raquel García as Doña Enriqueta
Lupe Carriles as Maid
Guillermo Bravo Sosa as El Cojo
Benny García as El Gato
Olga de la Chietla as La Chinita
External links
1953 drama films
1953 films
Mexican black-and-white films
Films directed by Luis Buñuel
1950s Spanish-language films
Mexican drama films
1950s Mexican films
Top Girl may refer to:
Top Girls, play by Caryl Churchill
Top Girls Fassa Bortolo
Top Girl (film) (:it:Top Girl) 1996 redirects to Joe D'Amato
Top Girl (magazine) redirects to List of assets owned by Bertelsmann
Top Girl (TV series) redirects to Top Girl – Georgia's Next Top Model
Top Girl (game) redirects to CrowdStar
Top Girl (Gina Choi EP)
"Top Girl", Korean-language song from Top Girl (Gina Choi EP)
Kirengeshoma koreana, the Korean kirengeshoma, is a plant in the family Hydrangeaceae.
Description
Kirengeshoma koreana is a herbaceous plant with opposite, simple, palmately lobed leaves, on stout, green stems. The flowers are yellow, borne in midsummer.
References
Hydrangeaceae
Tinya Warkhu (Quechua tinya a kind of drum, warkhu hanging, also spelled Tinyahuarco) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately . It lies in the Junín Region, Tarma Province, Cajas District. Tinya Warkhu is also the name of the village west of the mountain.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
Douglas MacLean "Andy" Anderson (October 20, 1927 – January 8, 1998) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played two playoff games for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL) during the 1952–53 season. The rest of their career, which lasted from 1947 to 1963, was mainly spent in the minor professional Western Hockey League. Anderson also played with the 1947–48 Edmonton Flyers team that won the 1948 Allan Cup the senior Canadian championship.
Playing career
Anderson played with the 1947–48 Edmonton Flyers that won the 1948 Allan Cup. In the tournament leading up to the final, played in Calgary, the Flyers played in Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. Out of 24 games played, the Flyer's record was 19 wins, four losses and one draw. This was a vital moment in Western Canada hockey history that helped create the foundation for Alberta's rich hockey tradition. The Flyer's thrilling victory over the Ottawa Senators energized the entire city and their victory parade attracted more than 60,000 people, half the population of Edmonton in 1948. The national title was only the third national hockey title ever won by an Alberta team.
Anderson played two playoff games for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League during the 1953 playoffs. They scored no points and had no penalty minutes during those two games. They qualified to be engraved on the Stanley Cup, but their name was left off, since they did not play regularly with Montreal. They spent most of their career playing for the Vancouver Canucks of the minor professional Western Hockey League. They retired from hockey after the 1962–63 season.
They were inducted with the rest of the 1947–48 Edmonton Flyers team to the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame and Museum in 2005.
Personal life
Anderson, who married Barbara Gayle Webster in 1953, devoted the rest of their life to raising their three children and spending time with their family. They died on January 8, 1998. Due to their commitment to athletes getting a good education, a memorial bursary was set up in their name and memory at the University of Victoria. Their death date was confirmed with a newspaper obituary in Victoria.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
References
External links
1927 births
1998 deaths
Buffalo Bisons (AHL) players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Montreal Canadiens players
Portland Buckaroos players
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Vancouver Canucks (WHL) players
Victoria Cougars (1949–1961) players
Nunzio Impellizzeri (born 1980 in Acireale) is a Zurich based Italian - Swiss choreographer.
Early life and education
Impellizzeri completed their studies in Visual Art at the Istituto Statale D'Arte di Giarre, in Italy. After discovered dancing they began to study and practice dance at the pedagogical project MoDem improving their skills in classic and contemporary dance.
Early career
In 2000, Impellizzeri began their dancing career as a soloist with the Compagnia Zappalà Danza directed by Roberto Zappalà in Sicily.
From 2004 to 2005 they have worked in Spain with the Compañia Metros Dansa directed by Ramón Oller Martínez; in Austria and Switzerland as a soloist dancer they worked with the choreographers Jacqueline Beck for the Walk Tanztheater Project Peter Bichsel in 2006 and the choreographer Kinsun Chan; from 2006 to 2007 in Germany for the ballet of the Theater Augsburg and for the Stadttheater Kempten Allgäu directed by Jochen Heckmann.
Career
Impellizzeri began their choreographic career in Italy in collaboration with the Theater Company Gruppo Iarba for Le mille e una notte in 2003, the Genius Loci and Studio Ferrera with Terre Laviche in 2004. In 2011, in Germany, they cooperated with Giorgio Madia and the Cottbus Staatstheater in the creation of Harlequin, which plays with the tradition of the Italian Commedia dell'arte. In Switzerland, in 2009, on behalf of Gisela Rocha Dance Company, in 2010 for the Faa-Zone Dance Company, in 2006 for Cinevox Junior Dance Company, in 2008 for the ZTTS of Zurich, from 2008 to 2013 for the SZZ_Junior Company and in 2015 for the ZHdK: BA Contemporary Dance.
In 2009, Impellizzeri was one of the four choreographers chosen for the review 12 Min. Max. at the Tanzhaus Zurich. In 2010, they were selected amongst six other choreographers for "SiWiC 2010" – (The 14th Swiss International Coaching Project for Choreographers) directed by Reinhild Hoffmann. They participated in ChoreoLab 2013 in Zurich and in Warsaw, directed by Tanzhaus Zürich and Centrum W RU-CHU Warsaw.
In 2012 and in 2013, Impellizzeri won the choreographic competition Ballet-ex in Rome. In 2014, they founded the Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company of which they are the artistic director.
They created Quieta... inquietudine, a short dance video in 2014, which received the public award 60secondsdance, during Loikka Dance Film Festival 2016 in Finland. Lost & Found which was performed at Tanzhaus Zurich and Way Out which premiered in Theater am Gleis (Winterthur, Switzerland) and Grabenhalle (St.Gallen, Switzerland) in 2015. In 2016, they were invited to create two works “#Il-prete Rosso” and "Bleeding heart" for the ZHdK/BA Contemporary Dance. In the same year, they were appointed to choreograph "Happening" for the Opening of Zurich Landesmuseum. In 2017, for the Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company in collaboration with the composer Selma Mutal, Nunzio has directed and choreographed “IN.QUIETA ROOMS”
In 2018, Impellizzeri coproduced by Tanzhaus Zurich, Nunzio Impellizzeri created CORPO BAROCCO, based on the question of why the imperfect can be so fascinatingly beautiful (see baroque imagery) "choreographer Nunzio Impellizzeri develops the 60-minute evening that leaves the audience almost as breathless as the extremely demanding dancers. But during the one hour, one succumbs to a spell, a fascination that one feels almost physically. An intense experience!" (Kaspar Sannemann - Oper-aktuell).
From 2006 to 2019, Impellizzeri has taught workshops and classes for the Art Garage (Naples, IT), Steps Academia de Danzas (Panama City), Steve lachance Ballet & Friends (Rome, IT), ZHdK/ BA Contemporary Dance (Zurich, CH), Jessica Iwanson International School of Contemporary Dance (Munich, DE), Profitraining Tanzbüro Basel (Basel, CH), Ballettschule Theater Basel (Basel, CH), Cinevox Junior Dance Company (Neuhausen am Rheinfall), Staatstheater Cottbus, Progetto danza (Catania, IT), Theater St. Gallen (St. Gallen, CH), Tanzhaus Zurich (Zurich, CH), Zurich-Tanz-Theater-Schule (Zurich, CH), Tanzwerk 101 (Zurich, CH).
Works (overview)
"Essence (=) Interference" (Cinevox Junior Dance Company, CH - 2006)
"Sand's Creatures" (Youth America Grand Prix / Ballet Center Zurich, NY/USA - 2006)
"Bitte, ich!" (Zurich Tanz-Theater-Schule, Rigiblick Theater - CH - 2008)
"Here they come" (Tanzolymp Berlin, D - 2009)
"In Attachment..." (12 Min. Max., Tanzhaus Zurich, CH - 2009)
"Just Begin... Aber Pünktlich!" (Faa-Zone Dance Company, Theater am Gleis, CH - 2010)
"Attending... for devotion" (Teatro Orione - Roma, IT - 2012)
"Water Resistant" (Centrum W Ruchu / Varsau, PL - 2013)
"Quieta... Inquietudine" (Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company, Loikka Dance Film Festival / 60secondsdance competition, Helsinki - 2014)
"Lost & Found" (Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company, Tanzhaus Zurich, CH - 2015)
"WAY OUT" (Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company, Theater am Gleis, CH - 2015)
"HAPPENING" (Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company, Zurich Landesmuseum, CH - 2016)
"#il-prete-rosso" (Zürcher Hochschule der Künste, CH - 2016)
"Bleeding Heart" (Zürcher Hochschule der Künste, CH - 2016)
"IN.QUIETA ROOMS" (Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company, Theater am Gleis, CH - 2017)
"CORPO BAROCCO" (Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company, Tanzhaus Zurich, CH - 2018)
"Nun te scurdà" (Human Bodies / Artgarge Pozzuoli - IT - 2019)
"SEIRĒNES" (Nunzio Impellizzeri Dance Company, Tanzhaus Zurich, CH - 2020)
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
People from Acireale
Italian choreographers
Swiss choreographers
Italian male ballet dancers
FraudWatch International is an internet security organization that was founded in 2003 that mainly specializes in online fraud protection and anti-phishing activities. The headquarters of this privately owned company are in Melbourne, Australia and it has offices in London, Dubai and San Francisco. Its CEO is Trent Youl.
The activities of the company include anti-phishing, protection against malware and online brand protection, offering Security as a Service to other companies. Fraudwatch International is active in sponsoring and participating in congresses on cybercrime. It also sponsors the Anti-Phishing Working Group.
The techniques that are used by FraudWatch International include:
Anti-phishing techniques
Anti-vishing techniques
Anti-pharming techniques
Takedown of fake domains
Takedown of fake profiles on social media
References
External links
Official Website of FraudWatch International
Cybercrime
Confidence tricks
Identity theft
Organized crime activity
Social engineering (computer security)
Computer security organizations
Dholera is a village in the Mahendergarh district of Haryana, India. The Dholera Sarpanch seat is Unreserved.
Adjacent villages
Nangal Shyalu
Nangal Pipa
Nangal Nunia
Nangal Kalia
Nangal Dargu
Nangal Chaudhary
Nangal Soda
Nizampur, Mahendragarh
Demographics of 2011
As of 2011 India census, Dholera (Mahendragarh) had a population of 3424 with a total of 665 households. Males (1833) constitute 53.53% of the population and females (1591) 46.46%. Dholera has an average literacy (2263) rate of 66.09%, which is lower than the national average of 74%: male literacy (1407) is 62.17%, and female literacy (856) is 37.82% of total literates(2263). In Dholera, 10.77% of the population is under 6 years of age (369).
References
Villages in Mahendragarh district
Sir Chaloner Grenville Alabaster (1838–1898) was an English administrator in China.
Early life
They were born in Bournemouth and was the son of Mr. J.C. Alabaster. They attended King's College London and matriculated at London University in 1852.
Career in China
In 1855, they went to China as a student interpreter, remaining there during the Second Opium War and the Taiping Rebellion.
Between 1869 and 1873, they were British Vice-Consul in Shanghai and subsequently became Consul General at Hankow, Wuhan from 1880 to 1886 then at Canton from 1886 until 1891. They retired in 1892 was made knight commander in the Order of St Michael and St George.
Marriage and family
In 1875, Chaloner married Laura, daughter of Dr. D. J. MacGowan of New York City. They were also a freemason. Their son, also called Chaloner Grenville Alabaster became Attorney General in Hong Kong from 1930 to 1945. Their son went by the first name Grenville.
Chaloner Alabaster's elder brother, Henry Alabaster, also entered the consular service, serving as acting consul in Siam before leaving their position to act as an advisor to King Chulalongkorn.
Death
Alabaster died on 28 June 1898 at Boscombe, Bournemouth, England.
They were buried in East Cemetery, Bournemouth, England.
Papers relating to their official work in China are held at SOAS Archives.
References
1838 births
1898 deaths
British diplomats in China
People from Bournemouth
Alumni of King's College London
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Consuls-General of the United Kingdom in Guangzhou
Javier Contreras may refer to:
Javier Contreras (engineer)
Javier Contreras (tennis)
Saint Thraseas (? - 170) was a martyr under the reign of Emperor Marcus Aurelius. Prior to their death they served as Bishop of Eumenia, Phrygia, in Asia Minor.
Background
Eumenia was a titular see of Phrygia Pacatiana in Asia Minor. The city was founded by Attalus II Philadelphus (159-138 B.C.) at the sources of the Cludrus, near the Glaucus, and named after their brother Eumenes. Numerous inscriptions and many coins remain to show that Eumenia was an important and prosperous city under Roman rule. As early as the third century its population was in great part Christian, and it seems to have suffered much during the persecution of Diocletian.
History
In a synodal letter written by Polycrates of Ephesus about the year 190, they speak of seven of their relatives who had been bishops before him. Besides these they mention Polycarp and Papirius of Smyrna, Thraseas of Eumenea, Sagaris of Laodicea and Melito of Sardes (Eusebius, "Hist. Eccles.", v, 24, 2 sq.)
Thraseas was a Quartodeciman Christian leader, in Asia Minor in the second century. Quartodecimans kept Passover on the 14th of Ahib (also known as Nisan), in spite of the preferences of Roman Bishops who preferred a Sunday date which ultimately became Easter Sunday. Eusebius recorded that around 195 A.D. Polycrates of Ephesus, a letter of Polycrates to Pope Victor I'm regarding the dating of Easter. In the letter Thraseas is mentioned chronologically between Polycarp (155) and Sagaris (under Sergius Paulus, 166–7). The date of Thraseas is therefore about 160. Polycrates mentions that Thraseas was among those who observed the Passover on the date that was handed down from scriptures and the Apostle John, and thus, that they did not change to Sunday when some in Rome did.
Eusebius also wrote that Apollonius of Ephesus spoke in their work of Zoticus, who had tried to exorcise Maximilla, but had been prevented by Themison; and of the martyr-Bishop Thraseas, another adversary of Montanism.
Although they were from Eumenia, Thraseas was, according to Polycrates and Jerome, martyred in Smyrna.
The Life of Polycarp, attributed to St. Pionius, lists Thraseas of Eumenia, as a martyr who was buried at Smyrna. Mention is made of a burial at the cemetery in Smyrna to the cemetery in front of the Ephesian Royal gate, that took place near where recently a myrtle tree sprung up after the burial of the body of Thraseas the martyr.
See also
Easter controversy
References
Saints from Roman Anatolia
2nd-century Christian martyrs
2nd-century bishops in Roman Anatolia
170 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Sebastian County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 125,744, making it the fourth-most populous county in Arkansas. The county has two county seats, Greenwood and Fort Smith.
Sebastian County is part of the Fort Smith, AR-OK Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Sebastian County is Arkansas's 56th county, formed on January 6, 1851, and named for William K. Sebastian, United States Senator from Arkansas.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.6%) is water. It is the second-smallest county by area in Arkansas.
Major highways
Interstate 49
Interstate 540
U.S. Highway 64
U.S. Highway 71
U.S. Highway 271
State Route 10
State Route 22
State Route 45
State Route 59
State Route 96
Adjacent counties
Crawford County (north)
Franklin County (east)
Logan County (southeast)
Scott County (south)
Le Flore County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Sequoyah County, Oklahoma (northwest)
National protected areas
Fort Smith National Historic Site (part)
Ouachita National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 127,799 people, 51,384 households, and 32,517 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 115,071 people, 45,300 households, and 30,713 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 49,311 housing units at an average density of 92 per square mile (36/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 82.34% White, 6.16% Black or African American, 1.57% Native American, 3.51% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 3.71% from other races, and 2.67% from two or more races. 6.70% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 19.6% were of American, 12.6% German, 11.0% Irish and 9.0% English ancestry according to Census 2000. 5.49% reported speaking Spanish at home, while 1.47% speak Vietnamese and 0.97% Lao.
In 2000 there were 45,300 households, out of which 32.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.40% were married couples living together, 11.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.20% were non-families. 27.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.00% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 29.50% from 25 to 44, 22.30% from 45 to 64, and 13.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,889, and the median income for a family was $41,303. Males had a median income of $30,056 versus $22,191 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,424. About 10.40% of families and 13.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.60% of those under age 18 and 10.00% of those age 65 or over.
As of 2010 census the population of Sebastian County was 125,744. The racial makeup of the county was 72.83% Non-Hispanic white, 6.24% Non-Hispanic black, 1.88% Native American, 4.06% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 0.07% Non-Hispanics of some other race, 2.78% Non-Hispanics reporting two or more races and 12.82% Hispanics.
Government
'''Politics
Whereas most of Arkansas was overwhelmingly blue up to the mid-2000s, Sebastian has been a solidly Republican county at the presidential level since Dwight Eisenhower won it in 1952. Since that election, no Democrat has ever again carried this county, though native son Bill Clinton came within less than 1,000 votes of doing so during both of their campaigns. However, Democrats continued to split most local offices and state legislative seats with Republicans well into the 2020s.
Education
Public education is provided by several school districts (listed below from largest to smallest):
Fort Smith School District
Greenwood School District
Lavaca School District
Hackett School District
Hartford School District
Communities
Cities
Barling
Bonanza
Fort Smith (county seat)
Greenwood (county seat)
Hackett
Hartford
Huntington
Lavaca
Mansfield
Towns
Central City
Midland
Townships
Bass Little (some of Greenwood)
Big Creek (Lavaca)
Beverly
Bloomer
Center (most of Greenwood)
Cole (Hackett)
Dayton
Diamond (Huntington)
Fort Chafee UT (part of Barling, part of Fort Smith)
Hartford (Hartford)
Island
Jim Fork (Midland)
Lon Norris (part of Fort Smith)
Marion (Bonanza, small part of Fort Smith)
Mississippi
Mont Sandels (Central City, most of Barling)
Prairie
Rogers
Sugarloaf (part of Mansfield)
Upper (most of Fort Smith)
Washburn
White Oak
Notable people
John Sebastian Little, member of the United States House of Representatives and the 21st Governor of the U.S. state of Arkansas
Mathew Pitsch, Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives for Sebastian County
See also
List of lakes in Sebastian County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sebastian County, Arkansas
References
External links
Sebastian County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
Sebastian County official website
1851 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1851
Fort Smith metropolitan area
Ramez Al-Khayyat is a Qatari business person.  They are the Vice Chairman and Group CEO of Power International Holding, a Qatari-based conglomerate which operates across general contracting, real estate, food and agriculture, hospitality, and services.
Career
Al-Khayyat started their career as a board member of Al-Khayyat Contracting and Trading, a family business established by their father Mohamad Reslan Al-Khayyat in 1983.
In 2011, Al-Khayyat co-founded UrbaCon Trading & Contracting with their brother Moutaz Al-Khayyat, a large construction company in Qatar. It has undertaken several large development projects including the Banana Island resort, the Mall of Qatar and Lekhwiya Sports Complex, which will be used as part of the 2022 Football World Cup. Al-Khayyat serves as its Managing Director.
Al-Khayyat is the Managing Director of Baladna Food Industries, Qatar's largest dairy and beverage producer which provides 95% of the country's dairy products. Baladna rose to prominence during the Qatar diplomatic crisis when the company airlifted cows from other countries into Qatar to bypass the Saudi blockade. In 2021, Al-Khayyat announced that the company was exporting to 11 countries and expanding its range of cheeses, juices and milk products.
In 2016, Al-Khayyat received the Retail Leadership Award for the Mall of Qatar development at the Asia Retail Congress Awards.
In 2019, Al-Khayyat and their brother were sued in the British High Court for allegedly providing funds to the Al-Nusra Front in Syria in violation of anti-terrorism laws. Al-Khayyat denied these claims as "totally false" in a statement in November 2020.
In April 2022, Al-Khayyat was appointed Vice Chairman of Investment Holding Group, a public company on the Qatar Stock Exchange.  They are the Managing Director of Aura Group, a company that operates in the food and beverage sector in Qatar, and Assets, a Qatar-based real estate company.
References
External links
UrbaCon Trading & Contracting
Baladna Food Industries
Power International Holding
Living people
1983 births
People from Doha
Qatari businesspeople
Miss Earth Japan () is a beauty pageant held annually in Japan. The titleholder represents Japan in the international Miss Earth pageant.
History
Miss Earth Japan, based in Shinjuku, Tokyo, is organized by IBG Japan (I Vesey Japan, Inc.) under its corporate name Miss Japan Institute of Earth General. The national director of the pageant is Osamu Sakata. The pageant was established in order to elect Japan's representative in the annual Miss Earth pageant, to further charity donations and philanthropic activities, and to promote environmental awareness and protection.
Japan was first represented in Miss Earth 2001 by Misuzu Hirayama, who was the first titleholder of Miss Earth Japan and won the Miss Friendship special award.
In 2010, Japan first entered both in the semifinal and final round of the Miss Earth pageant, where Marina Kishira finished in the top 7 and won the Best in National Costume award in Miss Earth 2010.
Titleholders
Miss Earth
Color keys
The winner of Miss Earth Japan (MEJ) represents their country at Miss Earth. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent. The following are the names of the annual titleholders of Miss Earth Japan (MEJ), listed according to the year in which they participated in Miss Earth:
See also
Miss Universe Japan
Miss World Japan
Miss International Japan
Miss Japan
Miss Nippon
References
External links
Miss Earth Japan
Japan
Beauty pageants in Japan
Miss Earth Japan
Recurring events established in 2001
2001 establishments in Japan
Kako je meni sada (English: What It's Like For Me Now) is the first studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 1998.
Track listing
Da, da, da (Yes, Yes, Yes)
Takva je ljubav (That's How Love Is, featuring Mile Kitić and Stojan Popov)
Nek' te vetar nosi (Let the Wind Take You)
Ne volim te više (I Do Not Love You Anymore)
Da li ti je duša srećna (Is Your Soul Happy)
Sad mi život nije važan (Now Life is Not Important to Me)
Kako ću bez tebe (How Will I Live Without You)
Tako je to (That's How It Is)
Kako je meni sada (What It's Like For Me Now)
References
1998 albums
Stoja albums
UZ Fornacis (abbreviated as UZ For) is a binary star in the constellation of Fornax. It appears exceedingly faint with a maximum apparent magnitude 17.0. Its distance, as measured by Gaia using the parallax method, is about 780 light-years (240 parsecs).
The system consists of two stars, a white dwarf and a red dwarf, in close orbit around each other. It is hypothesized that there are also two planets orbiting the central stars.
Nomenclature
The system is most commonly referred to as UZ Fornacis, which is its variable star designation. The General Catalogue of Variable Stars describes it as "E+XM", meaning it is an eclipsing binary system consisting of a low-mass star with an X-ray-emitting companion. In the past the system has also been referred to using the designation EXO 033319–2554.2, which refers to its coordinates on the celestial sphere, as well as the EXOSAT satellite that detected it.
Overview
UZ Fornacis is a cataclysmic variable. The two stars, a white dwarf and red dwarf, orbit each other every 127 minutes. The stars' orbit is inclined about 81 degrees away from the plane-of-sky, so the system eclipses. The eclipsing nature of this system was first discovered in 1987. At the time, it was the 14th AM Herculis star known and only the third system known to eclipse.
In systems like UZ Fornacis, matter is siphoned off the red dwarf and towards the white dwarf. However, unlike typical cataclysmic variable where this matter forms an accretion disk, the white dwarf is highly magnetic and has a strong magnetic field. This magnetic field channels the matter into loops that eventually accrete onto the white dwarf. When this happens, the matter emits cyclotron radiation and soft X-rays. Due to the activity of the red dwarf, sometimes more mass gets transferred and X-ray flare-ups occur.
Matter flows onto a spot on the white dwarf, at a rate of to 1 grams per square centimeter per second. The white dwarf's magnetism also locks its rotation so it matches the orbit.
Variability
The brightness of UZ Fornacis varies rapidly and somewhat unpredictably. The two stars in the system eclipse each other regularly. The eclipses last for about , with the initial drop in brightness and return to maximum brightness each taking about . The eclipse light curves do not all have the same shape, some being more or less flat-bottomed while others show a smooth variation in brightness, and some are asymmetrical. The times of the eclipses vary, possibly due to substellar companions. Outside of the eclipses, the brightness varies during the orbit depending on the visibility of an accretion spot on the white dwarf.
The brightness also varies over a period of years due to differences in the rate of accretion onto the white dwarf from the red dwarf. This can generally be seen as a bright state and a faint state, although the magnitudes of each state vary. For example, UZ Fornacis has been observed between magnitudes 15.9 and 16.75 at different times in the bright state. The system also shows rapid "flickering" on a timescale of minutes, common in cataclysmic variable systems.
Planetary system
Investigations in 2010 and 2011 found that the orbital period of the two stars in UZ Fornacis varied cyclically. Researchers attributed this to two possible gas giant sized planets around the two stars, perturbing their orbits and causing the orbital period to vary.
As of 2019, there is not enough information to explain all of the period variations, since the planets would have to be in eccentric orbits to fit the data, and that would cause the orbits to be dynamically unstable. It is possible that there are even more planets causing additional perturbation, or some physical effect such as the Applegate mechanism is responsible for the eclipse timing variations.
References
Eclipsing binaries
White dwarfs
M-type main-sequence stars
Fornax (constellation)
Polars (cataclysmic variable stars)
Circumbinary planets
2
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
Fornacis, UZ
Lock, Hulme & Co. was a bank in Pembrokeshire, Wales.
The bank was established by a Mr Hulme, who was a bank clerk. They worked for the Carmarthen Bank before its failure in 1832, and went into partnership with a Mr Robert Lock. They traded under the name Lock, Hulme & Co.
The Bank opened a branch in Pembroke and was subsequently purchased by the London and Provincial Bank, Ltd. (1864–1917), in 1868. This bank was itself absorbed by the London Provincial and South Western Bank Ltd. (1917–1918), which became a constituent bank of Barclays Bank.
The Bank did not issue banknotes as this had been prohibited by Act of Parliament passed prior to the bank's foundation.
Other Pembrokeshire banks
Other Pembrokeshire banks include: Haverfordwest Bank, J. Dunn & Co., Tenby, Union Bank (Pembrokeshire), Milford Bank, Milford and Pembrokeshire Bank, and Pembrokeshire Bank
References
Defunct banks of Wales
19th-century establishments in Wales
The Battle of Lonoy, also known as the Lonoy Massacre, was a surprise attack in 1901 during the Philippine–American War when over 400 Filipino revolutionaries were killed by the United States Armed Forces. It was fought in Lonoy, Jagna, Bohol on Bohol island.
Filipino forces laid an ambush along a narrow path. They were poorly armed, with daggers, machetes, and spears and few firearms. The American force learned of the ambush from a pro-American local, Captain Francisco Acala, the last Spanish Mayor of Jagna. They led the Americans to the rear of the Filipinos. In a surprise attack, the Filipinos found themselves trapped in their own trenches. All but seven were killed, a total 406, including the commander, Captain Gregorio "Guyo" Casenas. Americans casualties were three killed and ten wounded, which came toward the end when the Filipinos launched a counter-attack.
In April 24, 2011, Captain Casenas and their men were honored by the municipality of Jagna with a statue at the municipal's plaza.
References
External links
Philippine–American War
Lonoy
1901 in the Philippines
History of Bohol
Visayan history
Lonoy
Lonoy
March 1901 events
WildBrainTV is a Canadian English language specialty channel owned by WildBrain. WildBrainTV broadcasts live-action and animated children's programming aimed towards audiences ages 6–15.
The channel first launched on June 1, 2011, under the ownership of Astral Media. It initially operated as a localized version of Disney XD, under license from Disney Channels Worldwide, as a sister network to Family Channel. Following the acquisition of Astral Media by Bell Media, Disney XD was divested to DHX Media (now WildBrain) in 2014.
In 2015, Corus Entertainment acquired the rights to programming from Disney Channel and its siblings (later launching a new Canadian Disney XD channel), resulting in DHX's existing Disney XD channel being rebranded as Family Chrgd—a brand extension of Family Channel with a similar positioning—in October 2015. The channel adopted its current branding in March 2022.
History
As Disney XD
In April 2009, Astral Media, via its subsidiary The Family Channel Inc., was granted CRTC approval for a new category 2 service under the working name "Family Extreme". The new service would feature "programming from around the world devoted to entertainment, humour, travel, games, science and technology and targeted toward children aged 6 to 17 years and their families". Astral later announced that it would launch a Canadian version of Disney XD on June 1, 2011. Operating under the Family Extreme license, the service expanded upon Family's relationship as a licensee of Disney Channel programming.
In 2012, the channel premiered its first original series, Slugterra. After the Competition Bureau approved Bell Media's takeover of Astral, Bell announced on March 4, 2013 that Disney XD, as well as its sister networks and Astral's French-language MusiquePlus and MusiMax would be divested. On October 27, 2013, the channel premiered its first original movie, Bunks, produced by Fresh TV.
On November 28, 2013, DHX Media announced that it would acquire Disney XD and its sister networks for $170 million. The acquisition was approved by the CRTC on July 24, 2014, and closed on July 31, 2014.
In that same year, Disney XD premiered the pilot for Fangbone!, in May, and a new original series, Gaming Show (In My Parents' Garage), in November.
As Family Chrgd/WildBrainTV
On April 16, 2015, it was announced that Corus Entertainment had acquired Canadian rights to Disney Channel's program library; alongside the launch of a Canadian version of Disney Channel, Corus stated that it would launch other "Disney branded kids linear television offerings" in the future, which eventually included a new Disney XD. In anticipation for this transition, DHX concurrently announced that its Disney-branded networks would be rebranded as spin-offs of Family Channel by November 2015, with Disney XD tentatively being rebranded as Family XTRM.
On August 20, 2015, DHX announced the fall lineups for its networks, revealing the final branding for Disney XD as Family Chrgd (stylized as Family CHRGD). Its lineup was to feature new seasons of the network's existing original series, in addition to new shows produced by DHX subsidiaries and other studios (such as the asupervisorstioned Fangbone!), as well as new program supply agreements with Mattel, and later in the year, DreamWorks Animation. The re-branding took place on October 9, 2015.
On March 1, 2022, Family Chrgd rebranded as WildBrainTV, with no change in programming.
Programming
Current programming
As of March 2022:
Canadian productions
Bajillionaires (March 29, 2021 – present)
Creeped Out (September 9, 2019 – present)
Denis and Me (November 16, 2021 - present)
The Deep (January 1, 2016 – present)
Hank Zipzer (January 2, 2016 – present)
Inspector Gadget (2018 — present)
Johnny Test (February 5, 2018 – present)
Massive Monster Mayhem (January 14, 2018 — present)
Mega Man: Fully Charged (September 8, 2018 — present)
The Mr. Peabody & Sherman Show (November 3, 2018 — present)
Radio Free Roscoe (April 2017 – present)
Slugterra (September 3, 2012 – present)
Supernoobs (November 30, 2020 – present)
Acquired programming
The Adventures of Puss in Boots (June 18, 2017 – present)
All Hail King Julien (April 24, 2017 – present)
Alvinnn!!! and the Chipmunks (2018–present)
The Bureau of Magical Things (2022–present)
Boy Girl Dog Cat Mouse Cheese (September 22, 2021–present)
Cleopatra in Space (January 9, 2021 – present)
Dawn of the Croods (January 7, 2019 – present)
Dorg Van Dango (July 22, 2022 – present)
The Epic Tales of Captain Underpants (June 20, 2020 — present)
Harvey Girls Forever! (March 7, 2020 – present)
Home: Adventures with Tip & Oh (September 2, 2019 — present)
The InBESTigators (March 10, 2022 — present)
Itch
Lego Jurassic World: Legend of Isla Nublar (2020–present)
Mighty Mike (December 2, 2019 – present)
Nowhere Boys (January 24, 2016–present)
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures (March 17, 2014 – present)
She-Ra and the Princesses of Power (July 18, 2020 – present)
The Smurfs (February 19, 2022 – present)
Supergirl (August 4, 2020 – present)
Trollhunters: Tales of Arcadia (January 12, 2019 – present)
Turbo Fast (June 14, 2016–present)
Voltron: Legendary Defender (July 22, 2018 – present)
Wallace and Gromit: Cracking Contraptions (2022 – present)
Where's Waldo? (January 23, 2021 – present)
Former programming
As Disney XD (2011–2015)
Programs in bold indicate that the programmings moved to new Disney XD (Canadian TV channel)
The 7D (2014-2015)
Aaron Stone
American Dragon: Jake Long
Baxter
Crash & Bernstein
The Emperor's New School
Even Stevens
Fantastic Four
Fish Hooks
Fort Boyard: Ultimate Challenge (2011-2015)
Gargoyles
Gravity Falls (2013-2015)
I'm In the Band
Iron Man
Jessie
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil (2011-2014)
Kirby Buckets (2014-2015)
Kickin' It (2011-2015)
Lab Rats
Life with Derek (2011-2015)
The Legend of Tarzan (2011-2013)
Motorcity
Mighty Med (2013-2015)
Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero (2015)
Phineas and Ferb (2011-2015)
Pair of Kings (2011-2015)
Randy Cunningham: 9th Grade Ninja (2012-2015)
The Replacements
Spider-Man
Star Wars Rebels
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody
Star vs. the Forces of Evil (2015)
The Suite Life on Deck (2011-2015)
Tron: Uprising
Wizards of Waverly Place
Wander Over Yonder (2013-2015)
X-Men
Yo Gabba Gabba! ( Early September)
Yin Yang Yo! (2011-2012)
Zeke & Luther
As Family Chrgd (2015–2022)
Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader?
Be the Creature
Degrassi: Next Class
Dinotrux
Dr. Ken
DreamWorks Dragons
DreamWorksTV
Fangbone!
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
Gaming Show (In My Parents' Garage)
Grizzy and the Lemmings
Heads Up!
Iron Man
Just Like Mom and Dad
Lego Star Wars: Droid Tales
My Knight and Me
My Side of the Sky
Nature Cat
Overruled!
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures
Rainbow Butterfly Unicorn Kitty
Sonic Boom
Speechless
Storm Hawks
Wingin it
What's Up Warthogs!
Xiaolin Chronicles
Zak Storm
The Zoo
References
External links
(currently redirects to a YouTube playlist)
WildBrain
Children's television networks in Canada
Television channels and stations established in 2011
Digital cable television networks in Canada
English-language television stations in Canada
2011 establishments in Canada
The Cropley Baronetcy, of Clerkenwell in the County of Middlesex, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 7 May 1661 for John Cropley. The second Baronet sat as Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury. The title became extinct on their death in 1713.
Cropley baronets, of Clerkenwell (1661)
Sir John Cropley, 1st Baronet (died 1676)
Sir John Cropley, 2nd Baronet (1663–1713)
References
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of England
1661 establishments in England
Crystal Lake is a mountain lake in Nevada County, California. It lies at an elevation of 5738 feet (1749 m). The lake resides on private property and is not open to the public. Crystal Lake is located adjacent to the Union Pacific Railroad, east of Yuba Gap.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Nevada County, California
Yevgeniy Prokopchik (; ; born 13 March 1993) is a Belarusian professional footballer.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Braslaw District
Sportspeople from Vitebsk Region
Belarusian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino players
FC Energetik-BGU Minsk players
FC Bereza-2010 players
FC Orsha players
FC Lokomotiv Gomel players
FC Oshmyany players
Giannis Andrianopoulos (Greek: Γιάννης Ανδριανόπουλος; 1900 – 6 November 1952) was a Greek footballer and one of the founding members of Greece's most successful football club, Olympiacos CFP.
Club career
Born in Piraeus, Greece, Andrianopoulos began their career at the age of 18, playing for home town club Peiraikos Syndesmos FC. Here Yiannis earned their first taste of success, winning an unofficial Greek Championship in 1923. Peiraikos Syndesmos FC merged with Peiraiki Enosis FC in January 1924 and the Athletic and Football Club of Piraeus was formed. Yiannis was part of the new team and helped them win the 1924 Athens-Piraeus championship.
Olympiacos FC
The same year around autumn, the new club split in two different squads: One team, led by the Andrianopoulos brothers and goalkeeper Kostas Klidouchakis, formed Olympiakos Omilos, which evolved into Olympiakos FC; the other, led by Kostas Ferlemis, Christos Peppas and Giorgos Hadjiandreou merged, with an independent club named "Young Boys" to form Peiraikos Omilos, which in turn evolved into Ethnikos Peiraios FC.
Following a series of mergers between other Piraeus and Athens based clubs, as well as an Athens football Championship, Andrianopoulos and their brothers went on to create Olympiacos FC in March 1925. Giannis, Georgios, Konstantinos and Vasilios, Leonidas went on to make the newly formed Piraeus Club famous throughout Greece. Two other brothers, Aristides and Stelios Andrianopoulos, were playing in other Piraeus football clubs.
Giannis Andrianopoulos was the oldest of seven brothers who, like him, would go on to become famous footballers in the Olympiacos' ranks. As a result, Yiannis and their brothers earned Olympiacos the name Thrylos meaning "Legend" in Greek, a nickname which the club carries to this day. Yiannis was certainly the brother who made the biggest impact towards the club, even becoming a player-coach; Olympiacos' first coach, from 1925 until 1927. In 1929, Yiannis retired from football, and became Olympiacos' president for 3 years.
International
Andrianopoulos played for the national side for the 1920 Olympic Games. Their brother Giorgos was a member of the team too. Their brothers at Olympiakos also played for Greece in 1929 and 1930.
Honours
Olympiacos First Manager
Olympic Football Tournament Final
President of Olympiacos (1929–1932)
President of E.P.S.P & Hellenic Football Federation
References
1900 births
1952 deaths
Olympiacos F.C. presidents
Olympiacos F.C. managers
Olympiacos F.C. players
Footballers from Piraeus
Footballers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Greece
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Greek football managers
Greek footballers
Magda Cordell McHale (née Lustigova; June 24, 1921 – February 21, 2008) was a Hungarian artist, futurist, and educator. They were a founding member of the Independent Group which was a British movement that originated Pop Art which grew out of a fascination with American mass culture and post-WWII technologies. Later, they were a faculty member in the University at Buffalo School of Architecture & Planning.
"I was filled with pain and I hoped for a better world," they recounted later. This expression of hope came to define their working practices for the rest of their life. “Society needs to know where it has been before it can know where it is going,” was their oft-cited mantra.
Early life
Born Magda Lustigova to a prominent family of grain merchants in Hungary, they fled to Egypt and then Palestine as a refugee during World War II to escape Nazi persecution. Here, they found work as a translator for British intelligence and met their first husband, Frank Cordell, who was also working for British intelligence. According to British architect Peter Smithson, Magda Cordell was “a force who had the capacity to turn their willpower to anything.”
Post war
After the war, Lustigova and Cordell returned to London, where they established an artistic atelier at 52 Cleveland Square in Paddington, which they shared with the British Modern artist John McHale. They and their husband rapidly became an integral part of the avant-garde artistic milieu that congregated around the Institute of Contemporary Arts. They were actively involved in the Independent Group (IG) (1952–56), a cross-cultural discussion group that included artists, writers, architects and critics who rejected the traditional dichotomies of high and low culture. The IG challenged the official Modernist assumptions of British aesthetics and pioneered a progressive, interdisciplinary, consumer-based aesthetic of inclusiveness. The three artists collaborated on a variety of projects, and Magda Cordell soon became indispensable to the activities of the IG for their writings as well as their archiving and organisation. They were closely involved with the exhibition This is Tomorrow at the Whitechapel Gallery in 1956, a multi-disciplinary show retrospectively credited with launching British Pop art.
The McHale/Cordell atelier occupied three floors in a large Georgian row house in Cleveland Square. Frank used the top floor with their piano and large windows overlooking the park as their music composing studio. John McHale occupied the large sky lit studio at the back of the atelier on the ground floor. Magda Cordell used the other large painting studio downstairs, which was also used by all three artist as a film studio. McHale used the downstairs film studio to produce their photograms for their Telemath collage series. There was also a separate downstairs workshop and photographic dark room. The living room on the ground floor was used for entertaining guests such as: Reyner Banham and other members of the ICA group, musicians, writers such as Eric Newby, dramatists such as Arnold Wesker, and international guests such as Buckminster Fuller, and Picasso's son, Paulo. Cordell made numerous tape recordings of Fuller.
Magda Cordell later recalled the significance of McHale's return from their formative visit to America laden with imagery culled from American sources. “We all sat around on the floor for hours and looked through this unbelievable trunk of materials,” they said.
In 1961, Magda Cordell divorced Frank Cordell and left for America with McHale, where they immersed themselves in academia. Encouraged by their dialogue with the American intellectual Buckminster Fuller, the McHales dedicated themselves to sociological research and published extensively on the impact of technology and culture, mass communications and the future. They moved from university to university propounding their ideas, teaching and publishing. During this time Magda published five books (three in collaboration with their husband) on future trends, and sat on numerous editorial boards.
Art
McHale's artistic works were characterised by expressive figuration and heavily influenced by the Art Brut of continental painters such as Jean Dubuffet and Wols. As a rare female voice at this time, McHale's preoccupation with the female form explored existential questions. Them textured, impasto surfaces depict distorted forms that at once reflect the resilience of the human body and describe mid-20th-century anguish. McHale's work was acknowledged in articles and exhibitions of the day; the influential critic Reyner Banham included an illustration of their work in their 1955 article "The New Brutalism", in The Architectural Review. McHale showcased their monotypes and collages in a 1955 exhibition at the Institute of Contemporary Arts (ICA) and their paintings at the Hanover Gallery in 1956, with later exhibitions at the University at Buffalo.
Contemporary critics dwelt on the works' sensuous, aggressive and primitivist qualities. “Her representation of women is not concerned with traditional notions of beauty or traditional cultural values . . . The result may be monstrous and uncompromising, but in this age of corsets, cosmetics, automation and celluloid sex, it might do us no harm to be shocked back into the realisation that there is still latent in the human being a savage instinct, fecundity and energy.” Despite this new vista of art, they remained in their own work unswayed by the freedoms and allure of popular imagery and maintained their commitment to figuration. They later explained: “I am a European painter and for me that figure, that shape, is still superior to all that.”
McHale's work is included in the collections of the Tate Modern in London, and the Albright-Knox Art Gallery
in Buffalo, New York.
Academic work and teaching
John and Magda moved from the UK to Southern Illinois University where John managed the World Resources Inventory with Buckminister Fuller, then to SUNY Binghamton where John completed their PhD and, with Magda, started the Center for Integrative Studies. Later they moved to Texas where the center was operated under the aegis of University of Houston.
After the death of John McHale in 1978, Magda Cordell McHale was invited to Buffalo, New York, where they established and became director of the Centre for Integrative Studies at the State University of New York. The main focus of the centre was global trends, inter-generational shifts in thought and the impact of new technologies on contemporary culture.
Magda Cordell McHale was on faculty in the Design Studies department in the School of Architecture & Planning at the University at Buffalo (also referred to as SUNY Buffalo). The department was dissolved in the late 1980s, at which point, they moved to the Department of Planning (later the Department of Urban and Regional Planning). Them areas of scholarship included future studies; long-range consequences of social, cultural, and technological change on global societies.
In 2000 they endowed the McHale Fellowship at the University of Buffalo School of Architecture & Planning to support design work that speculates on the impact of new technologies.
They were active in the World Academy of Art & Science and the World Futures Society. They worked tirelessly as vice-president of the World Futures Federation and the World Academy of Art and Science.
References
External links
The New York Times obituary
The Times (U.K.) obituary
University at Buffalo, School of Architecture and Planning. John and Magda McHale Fellowship
Magda Cordell McHale on Artnet
1921 births
2008 deaths
Expressionist painters
University at Buffalo faculty
20th-century Hungarian women artists
World War II refugees
Hungarian refugees
Hungarian emigrants to England
British emigrants to the United States
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Henry de Burne (fl. 1300–01) was an English politician.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1300–01.
References
13th-century births
14th-century deaths
English MPs 1301
Massachusetts House of Representatives' 31st Middlesex district in the United States is one of 160 legislative districts included in the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court. It covers Stoneham and Winchester in Middlesex County. Since 2015, Michael Seamus Day of the Democratic Party has represented the district.
The current district geographic boundary overlaps with those of the Massachusetts Senate's 2nd Middlesex and 5th Middlesex districts.
Representatives
James Jones
Hugh Morgan
Anthony Gallugi
Marie Elizabeth Howe
Edward Connolly
Paul C. Casey
Jason M. Lewis
Michael Seamus Day, 2015-current
See also
List of Massachusetts House of Representatives elections
List of Massachusetts General Courts
List of former districts of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Images
Portraits of legislators
References
External links
Ballotpedia
(State House district information based on U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey).
House
Government of Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Benjamin Jepson (1832 – 1914) was one of the first primary school music teachers in the United States, and introduced music to the public schools of New Haven, Connecticut, in 1865. The Benjamin Jepson Interdistrict Magnet School and the Jepson School are named after him.
References
New Haven Independent
Jepson School
Notes
American music educators
1832 births
1914 deaths
Philbouchetia is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
Species
Philbouchetia franzhuberi Thach, 2020 (length : 30.6 mm; dsitribution: Laos)
References
Thach N.N. (2020). New shells of South Asia. Volume 2. Seashells*Freshwater*Land snails. With one New Genus and 140 New Species & Subspecies, Reply to comments made in error. 48HRBooks Company, Akron, Ohio, USA. 189 pp.
External links
Camaenidae
The People's Congress Party is a political party in the Solomon Islands. It was founded by outgoing deputy Prime Minister Fred Fono during the campaign for the 2010 general election.
Upon first announcing the priorities of the party, Fono stated its focus would be on "anti-corruption measures, such as reforming the controversial rural constituency development funds, and on creating jobs for Solomon Islanders". During the campaign, they said that it would "treat infrastructure as its priority", such as the development of roads in the country. They pointed to their own Central Kwara'ae constituency, arguing that they had achieved an improvement in water supplies and health care services. The party would also "create incentives to stimulate economic activities in the rural areas", with an aim to "double the export of cocoa, copra, fish and sawn timber". On the debate over the possibility of creating reserved seats for women in Parliament, they stated that they were unnecessary, and that parties should, instead, field women candidates so as to bring them into the political mainstream; they pointed out that their party would be fielding six women candidates in the election. However, they said they would support a maximum of four reserved seats, if women standing against men were unsuccessful in the 2010 election.
References
Political parties in the Solomon Islands
Political parties established in 2010
2010 establishments in the Solomon Islands
Aloysio Borges (18 December 1917 – 27 November 1996) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete and épée fencer. They competed at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1917 births
1996 deaths
Brazilian male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Brazil
Modern pentathletes at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Modern pentathletes at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in modern pentathlon
Brazilian male épée fencers
Pan American Games medalists in fencing
Modern pentathletes at the 1963 Pan American Games
Fencers at the 1963 Pan American Games
Shuna Island or simply Shuna is an island in Loch Linnhe, offshore from Appin. The island is approximately long and wide and extends to some in total. The island is characterised by a table topped hill at its southern end. The name Shuna is probably derived from the Norse, for "sea island". The island is separated from Appin by the Sound of Shuna.
Shuna is recorded in a late 16th-century document as belonging to John Stewart, the Laird of Appin. They may have built Castle Shuna a small tower-house, which is now in ruins lies at the south end In the 18th century, Shuna Farmhouse replaced Castle Shuna as the residence on the island: it is a Category B listed traditional farmhouse dating from the 1740s. Opposite Castle Shuna, at the head of Loch Laich, is the island fortress of Castle Stalker, also historically a possession of the Stewarts of Appin.
The island forms part of the Lynn of Lorn National Scenic Area, one of 40 in Scotland.
In 2012 the island was placed on sale via agents Savills for £1.85 million.
Notes and references
Further reading
Uninhabited islands of Argyll and Bute
Lynford Sackey (born 18 February 2003) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right winger or right back for Bolton Wanderers.
Club career
They made their debut for Reading on 15 September 2020 in a 1–0 EFL Cup defeat at home to Luton Town. In summer 2021, Sackey agreed their first professional contract with the club. On 20 May 2022, Reading confirmed that Sackey would leave the club upon the expiration of their contract. On 17 June 2022, it was announced Sackey would join Bolton Wanderers once their Reading contract expired and would join Bolton's B team.
International career
Born in England, Sackey is of Ghanaian descent. They have been involved in training camps for England youth sides.
Career statistics
References
2003 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Reading F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
English people of Ghanaian descent
Vietnam Airlines Flight 850 was an international scheduled passenger flight from Bangkok to Ho Chi Minh City. On 4 September 1992, the Airbus A310-222 serving the flight was hijacked by Ly Tong, a former pilot in the Republic of Vietnam Air Force. They then dropped anti-communist leaflets over Ho Chi Minh City before parachuting out. Vietnamese security forces later arrested them on the ground. The aircraft landed safely, and no one on board was injured. They were released from a Hanoi prison in 1998.
Aircraft
The hijacked plane, Airbus A310-222, chartered by Vietnam Airlines from Jes Air (Bulgaria), operating as VN 850, registered LZ-JXB, serial number 419, putted into service in 1986 by CAAC Airlines and later in 1988 by China Eastern Airlines with registration B-2303. The aircraft was later sold to Jes Air in 1991. The aircraft was powered by Pratt & Whitney JT9D-7R4E1.
Hijacking
At 17:00 September 4, 1992, the flight took off from Don Mueang International Airport in Bangkok en-route to Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City.
When the aircraft was about 80 miles from Ho Chi Minh City, Ly Tong, a retired South Vietnamese fighter pilot and naturalized U.S. citizen, used a plastic knife and a clothes hanger to threaten members of the crew. Tong claimed that they had an explosive device and had a flight attendant take them to the cockpit. Tong then forced the pilot to lower the aircraft's altitude to 500 feet, reduce speed to a minimum, and enter the restricted airspace over the city.
For the next thirty minutes, Tong threw sacks of leaflets out of the cockpit window calling for an insurrection against the communist government of Vietnam in order to "build an independent, free and prosperous Vietnam." Signing themselves "Commander of the Uprising Forces," Tong subsequently donned a parachute and jumped out of an emergency exit.
No one on board the plane was injured and the plane was able to continue its flight, landing safely at Tan Son Nhat International Airport with a 38-minute delay.
Aftermath
Tong reportedly was captured by Vietnamese soldiers in a field outside of Ho Chi Minh City two hours later. A Vietnam Airlines spokesperson said that the plane was slightly damaged when a door opened "for technical reasons" in flight between Bangkok and Ho Chi Minh City but denied that a hijacking had taken place. Hanoi's Voice of Vietnam radio network later admitted that a hijacking had taken place.
On February 24, 1993, the Supreme People's Court of Ho Chi Minh City charged Tong with air piracy and sentenced them to 20 years in prison. On September 2, 1998, Vietnamese President Trần Đức Lương signed a decision to pardon and deport Ly Tong to the US. After being pardoned, Tong continued to carry out plane hijacking missions to spread leaflets calling for the overthrow of the Cuban, Chinese and North Korean governments.
According to the inspection documents of Vietnam Airlines, Tong's act caused USD 500,000 and VND 7,000,000 damages to the company.
After the incident, the aircraft was re-registered as B-2303 and was sold to China Northwest Airlines in 1993. The aircraft was transferred to China Eastern Airlines in 2003 after the merger with China Northwest Airlines and was stored until 2006. In 2006, the aircraft was passed onto Burmese airline Air Bagan as XY-AGD and was stored till 2011 and on the same year, the aircraft's ownership was taken over by Singaporean aircraft lessor Phoenix Aircraft Leasing who sold the aircraft to Thai charter airline P.C. Air as HS-PCC, where it was its sole operating aircraft until 2012 when the airline went bankrupt. The aircraft was stored and later broken up in 2020 at Don Mueang International Airport. The airframe is now preserved as an instructional airframe at Rajamangala University of Technology Thanyaburi, where it serves as a training aid for students in the university's aviation engineering department.
References
Aircraft hijackings
Vietnam Airlines
Accidents and incidents involving the Airbus A310
1992 in Vietnam
Aviation accidents and incidents in Vietnam
Alex Tamba Brima (23 November 1971 – 9 June 2016), also known as Gullit, was a Sierra Leonean military commander. They were one of a group of seventeen soldiers in the Sierra Leone Armed Forces who called themselves Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC) that successfully staged a coup that ousted president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah in May 1997. On 19 July 2007 they were convicted and sentenced to 50 years in prison for committing war crimes and crimes against humanity during the Sierra Leone Civil War.
Biography
Brima was born in the village of Yaryah, Kono District, Sierra Leone, to parents from the Kono ethnic group. In April 1985, they joined the Sierra Leone Army, where they were promoted to the rank of Staff Sergeant. In 1998, Brima was invited by Johnny Paul Koroma to join the AFRC Supreme Council. In this capacity, Brima was a commander of the AFRC and Revolutionary United Front forces that attacked civilians in the north, east, and centre of Sierra Leone in 1998 and in Freetown in January 1999.
Brima was indicted on 7 March 2003, arrested on 10 March 2003 and their trial before the Special Court for Sierra Leone began on 7 March 2005. They were tried with Brima Bazzy Kamara and Santigie Borbor Kanu. Brima was found guilty of crimes against humanity and war crimes on 20 June 2007, including counts of murder, rape, forced labour, and the use of child soldiers. They and their codefendants' convictions were the first convictions for the Special Court for Sierra Leone and were also the first time anyone had been convicted of the international crime of using child soldiers. On 19 July 2007, Brima was sentenced to 50 years' imprisonment; they were imprisoned in Rwanda.
Brima's death at the King Faisal Hospital in Kigali, Rwanda, was announced on 9 June 2016. They were 44.
Notes
1971 births
2016 deaths
People convicted by the Special Court for Sierra Leone
People indicted by the Special Court for Sierra Leone
Sierra Leonean military personnel
Sierra Leonean people convicted of war crimes
Sierra Leonean people convicted of crimes against humanity
Sierra Leonean people imprisoned abroad
Sierra Leonean people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in Rwandan detention
People from Kono District
Bhadva is a village in Kotda-Sangni Taluka of Rajkot district, Gujarat, India. It is situated fifteen miles south-east of Rajkot and about thirteen miles north-east of Gondal.
History
During British period, Bhadva was a separate tribute-paying Jadeja holding of four Bhadva villages in the Halar region. The Thakur of the village was Chandrasinhji Kalubha Jadeja.
References
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
Villages in Rajkot district
Binibining Pilipinas 2000 was the 37th edition of Binibining Pilipinas. It took place at the Smart Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines on February 26, 2000.
At the end of the event, Miriam Quiambao crowned Nina Ricci Alagao as Binibining Pilipinas Universe 2000, while Georgina Sandico crowned Joanna Maria Peñaloza as Binibining Pilipinas International 2000. Lalaine Edson was supposed to crown Katherine Annwen de Guzman as Binibining Pilipinas World 2000, but was crowned by Daisy Reyes. Cristina Tan was named First Runner-Up, while Nicole Hofer was named Second Runner-Up.
Results
Color keys
The contestant did not place.
Special Awards
Contestants
27 contestants competed for the three titles.
Notes
Post-pageant Notes
Nina Ricci Alagao competed at Miss Universe 2000 in Nicosia, Cyprus but was unplaced. Katherine De Guzman and Joanna Maria Peñaloza also did not place when they competed at Miss World 2000 and Miss International 2000, respectively.
Maricar Balagtas and Gemma Louise Heaton both competed again at Binibining Pilipinas 2001. Balagtas was named 2nd Runner-Up, and was appointed to represent the Philippines at Miss Globe International 2001 in Istanbul where they were crowned Miss Globe International 2001. They competed again at Binibining Pilipinas 2004, where they were crowned Binibining Pilipinas-Universe 2004 and competed at Miss Universe 2004 in Quito, Ecuador but was unplaced.
Anna Liza Bernal competed at Mutya ng Pilipinas 2001 in Taguig and was one of the ten semifinalists. On the other hand, Anjelly Gamboa competed at the inaugural edition of Miss Philippines Earth and was named 2nd Runner-Up.
References
2000
2000 in the Philippines
2000 beauty pageants
Marthe Dupont-Trasenster (née Trasenster; 30 March 1892 – 15 November 1979) was a Belgian tennis player.
Career
They represented Belgium in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics. They were also a Belgian national tennis champion in 1921 and 1930.
Personal life
In 1911, Marthe married a Belgian sport shooter, Émile Dupont who won a silver medal in the 1920 Summer Olympics and also participated in the 1924 Summer Olympics representing Belgium.
Them sister-in-law, Marguerite Chaudoir, was also a Belgian tennis player.
References
1892 births
1979 deaths
Belgian female tennis players
Tennis players at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Tennis players at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of Belgium
Sportspeople from Liège
Buddika Sandaruwan (full name Pethiyangaha Wattage Buddika Sandaruwan; born 11 July 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who plays for Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club. They were born in Galle.
Sandaruwan made their cricketing debut for Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club Under-23s during the 2009 season, against Burgher Recreation Club.
They made their Twenty20 debut for Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club in the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 24 February 2018.
References
External links
Buddika Sandaruwan at Cricket Archive
1989 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club cricketers
Tincomalee District cricketers
Cricketers from Galle
Art Deco stamps are postage stamps designed in the Art Deco style, which was a popular international design style in the 1920s through the 1930s. The style is marked by the use of "geometric motifs, curvilinear forms, sharply defined outlines, often bold colors", and a fascination with machinery and modernity. This style strongly influenced contemporary architecture, furniture, industrial design, books and posters. Art Deco was named for after 1925 exhibit in Paris Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes (International Exposition of Modern Industrial and Decorative Arts). The exhibit lasted from April to October 1925 and displayed numerous objects in the new style. Examples of the style, however, are also found in the early twenties.
The Art Deco style also influenced postage stamp design in a number of countries in the twenties and thirties. One of the focuses of art deco was transportation and machines, particularly airplanes, and airmail stamps of the period often were designed in this style. Stamps from some countries showed strong art deco influence, while in others it was absent or barely noticeable. The countries whose stamp designs were most influenced by art deco include a number of European countries, such as France and the Netherlands, as well as several Latin American countries, particularly Mexico, Brazil and Chile. Stamps of the United States and Great Britain, in contrast, followed traditional design and showed little influence of this new style.
Notable Art Deco stamps
The Art Deco style originally developed in Europe and the earliest Art Deco stamps are from European countries in the 1920s. The style was used in some Latin American countries beginning in the mid-1930s, but never really spread to the United States, whose stamp designs remained traditional and conservative. Notable Art Deco stamps of this period include the following, some of which are small masterpieces of this style:
Europe
France: In 1925, France issued a set of stamps to commemorate the International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts The Paris Exposition Coloniale Internationale of 1931 also was commemorated with a set, including a fine art deco image of the head of an African woman under which was block lettering within ruled lines, a common Art Deco device.
Germany: In 1925, Germany issued a stamp displaying a bold Art Deco "traffic wheel" or traffic circle, in commemoration of the Deutsche Verkehrausstellung München 1925 or Munich Transport Exhibition of 1925. In 1934, it issued another striking image, two hands grasping a piece of coal, referring to the Saar Plebiscite held the following year which would determine that the coal-rich region would reunite with Germany.
Netherlands: The stamps of the Netherlands showed influence of the Art Deco style as early as the mid-1920s, when the country issued two stamps honoring the Centenary of the Dutch Lifeboat Society. The stamps depicted highly stylized boats in distress and a lifeboat, with lettering showing some influence of the style. A triangular airmail stamp issued in 1933, depicting a Fokker Pander, was surrounded by a border with bold lettering typical of the style. In 1934, Curaçao, then a colony of the Netherlands, issued one of the iconic Art Deco stamps ever created, an airmail stamp carrying the highly stylized profile of the messenger god Hermes.
Austria: Austrian stamps of the 1920s showed influence of the Jugendstil or Art Nouveau style, but the new style made its influence known as the decade progressed. In 1925, Austria began a series of postage due stamps, and which included the country's name and an amount in a simple, bold design.
USSR: USSR's stamps showed some influence of the Art Deco style, particularly in the lettering, beginning about 1929. In 1932–1933 it issued a series of stamps commemorating the 15th anniversary of the October Revolution, which display strong elements of the style.
Switzerland: In 1932, Switzerland issued a stamp honoring the 1932 Disarmament Conference, and depicting an image of Peace in a bold Art Deco style
Portugal: In 1936, Portugal issued a series of airmail stamps with a highly stylized airplane propeller and cloud, forming a fine Art Deco image.
Latin America
The Art Deco style was popular with several Latin American countries, particularly Mexico, Chile and Brazil.
Mexico: Mexico issued some airmail stamps in the mid-1930s with lettering in a distinct Art Deco style. In 1939, Mexico issued a stamp with a boldly Art Deco image of the Arch of the Revolution, to commemorate the New York World's Fair. In the early 1940s, Mexico issued a number of stamps, commonly a larger format with strongly Art Deco influenced images particularly including the artwork of Mexican artist Francisco Eppens. A 1939 stamp with an image by Eppens depicted three modes of transportation—airplane, train and highway, a common Art Deco subject. A 1940 stamp by Eppens shows a helmsman, issued in connection with the Inauguration of Mexican President Manuel Ávila Camacho. A 1942 stamp, part of a series honoring the Second Inter-American Agricultural Conference with Eppens' artwork, depicts a highly stylized woman sewing wheat.
Chile: In the mid-1930s, Chile issued a series of airmail stamps designed in a style clearly influenced by Art Deco. These included a stylized airplane in flight following a radio navigation system from point to point and a stylized condor.
Brazil: During the 1930s, Brazil issued a number of stamps influenced by the Art Deco style, especially in their lettering. The most striking Art Deco stamps, however, was the 1934 issue commemorating the 7th International Trade Fair, held in Rio de Janeiro, and depicting silhouettes of buildings and a profile of a construction worker with highly stylized Art Deco lettering.
United States
The 1939 stamp depicting the Trylon and Perisphere, the centerpiece and symbol of the 1939 New York World's Fair. Although the Trylon and Perisphere itself is an iconic Art Deco image, the lettering and numbers on the stamp were done in a traditional, not Art Deco, font. With the exceptions of this and the 1942 "Win the War" stamp, United States stamps showed little or no Art Deco influence until 1998 when the Postal Service issued a stamp in a strong Art Deco depicting Ayn Rand (see Postage stamps and postal history of the United States).
Revival
The Art Deco style has been revived on stamps. In 1998, the United States issued a stamp honoring Ayn Rand in a distinct Art Deco style. In 2001, it issued two definitive stamps illustrated by Nancy Stahl depicting an Art Deco eagle on a mailbox (shown). In 2003, it issued the stamp titled Wisdom, illustrated by Nancy Stahl, honoring Rockefeller Center.
See also
Postage stamp design
References
Sources
External links
Decorative arts
Topical postage stamps
Art Deco
Mary Jane Lamond (born 1960) is a Canadian Celtic folk musician who performs traditional Canadian Gaelic folk songs from Cape Breton Island. Them music combines traditional and contemporary material. Lamond is known as the vocalist on Ashley MacIsaac's 1995 hit single "Sleepy Maggie", and for their solo Top 40 hit "Horo Ghoid thu Nighean", the first single from their 1997 album Suas e!. Them 2012 collaboration with fiddler Wendy MacIsaac, Seinn, was named one of the top 10 folk and americana albums of 2012 by National Public Radio in the United States.
Early life and education
Born in Kingston, Ontario, the youngest of five children, Lamond moved a number of times during their childhood, to a series of cities and towns in Ontario and Quebec. Them parents were both originally from Nova Scotia, however, and they often visited their father's parents in Cape Breton during their summer vacations. There they were first exposed to Celtic culture in general and to Scottish Gaelic music and the Scottish Gaelic language in particular. Lamond graduated from Westmount High School in Montreal, and then returned to Nova Scotia to enroll in the Celtic Studies program at St. Francis Xavier University, where they studied the school's collection of 350 field recordings of traditional Scots-Gaelic songs. They graduated with a minor in Music at St. Francis Xavier University in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.
Career
While still a student, Lamond recorded an album of traditional material called Bho Thir Nan Craobh (From the Land of the Trees), which they released independently in 1994. Among the musicians on the album was fiddler Ashley MacIsaac. MacIsaac had first seen Lamond perform in 1991 with a local band in Antigonish and was impressed with what they saw as their "punk attitude," even as they were singing Gaelic songs. MacIsaac and Lamond collaborated again in 1995 on the song "Sleepy Maggie" for their album Hi™ How Are You Today?, which became a breakthrough recording for both of them.
Lamond followed this up with a solo album in 1997 called Suas e! (which in English means, roughly, "Go for it!"). The album was nominated for a Juno Award and an East Coast Music award. They released Làn Dùil in 1999, which cultural magazine PopMatters said "should establish them as a major talent in Celtic and world music. Orain Ghàidhlig, most of which was recorded live in North River, Cape Breton Island, followed in 2001.
After 2000, Lamond mostly put their solo recording career aside for a variety of other projects, including composition for film and stage, and working with a variety of cultural agencies. Them most recent solo album to date is the 2005 recording Stòras, which means "a treasure" in English. Also in 2005, they contributed the song "Mo Mhaeli Bheag Og" to the charity album Voyces United for UNHCR.
They have been active in the ongoing preservation and revitalization of the Scottish Gaelic culture in Cape Breton as a member of the Gaelic Council of Nova Scotia and the Creative Nova Scotia Leadership Council, and as a teacher of Gaelic language and song workshops.
In September 2012, Lamond and fiddler Wendy McIsaac released the album Seinn. "Their guitar-and-fiddle matchup is beautifully balanced, behind butter-smooth vocals and timeless melodies," said a reviewer on NPR, which named the album as one of the year's top 10 folk and Americana albums. In November 2013, Seinn won a Canadian Folk Music Award for traditional album of the year and a Music Nova Scotia award for traditional/roots recording of the year.
Current work
In September 2017, Lamond announced a new collaborative project, Patchwork, "a project dedicated to the presentation of traditional song in a contemporary context." Patchwork consists of Lamond and their first cousin, Laurel MacDonald, who perform Gaelic and English language songs. They perform a show entitled "She Sings as They Fly: Revisiting the Helen Creighton Song Collection," and will be joined by Nicole LeBlanc, Kirsten Olivia, and Naomi Dawn Poulette singing songs from the Acadian, African Nova Scotian, and Mi'kmaq communities, respectively.
Discography
Albums
Bho Thir Nan Craobh (1995) (English: From the Land of the Trees)
Suas e! (1997) (English: Go For It!)
Làn Dùil (1999) (English: Full of Hope)
Orain Ghàidhlig (2001) (English: Gaelic Songs)
Storas (2005) (English: A treasure)
Seinn (2012) with Wendy MacIsaac
Contributing artist
The Rough Guide to the Music of Canada (2005)
Awards and achievements
1996
ECMA Award nomination – Female Artist (Bho Thir Nan Craobh)
ECMA Award nomination – Roots/Traditional Artist (Bho Thir Nan Craobh)
1997
Much Music Award – Global Groove – Bog a' Lochain (Suas e!)
ECMA Award – Single for Sleepy Maggie (hi how are you today?, Ashley MacIsaac)
1998
JUNO Award nomination – Roots and Traditional Album: Solo (Suas e!)
ECMA Award nomination – Female Artist (Suas e!)
ECMA Award nomination – Album (Suas e!)
ECMA Award nomination – Video for Bog a' Lochain (Suas e!)
2000
Juno Nomination – Roots and Traditional Album: Solo (Làn Dùil)
ECMA Award nomination – Album (Làn Dùil)
ECMA Award nomination – Roots/Traditional Solo Artist (Làn Dùil)
ECMA Award nomination – Female Artist (Làn Dùil)
ECMA Award nomination – Entertainer of the Year
MIANS Award nomination – Female Artist
2001
ECMA Award nomination – Female Artist (Òrain Ghàidhlig)
2002
ECMA Award Roots/Traditional Solo Artist Of The Year Award
2005
Canadian Folk Music Awards nomination – Traditional Singer
Canadian Folk Music Awards nomination – World Music Artist
2006
ECMA Award Female Artist of the Year Award (Stòras)
ECMA Award Roots/Traditional Solo Artist of the Year Award
2007
Women of Excellence Award Recipient
2008
Portia White Award Recipient
2013
Canadian Folk Music Award winner - Traditional Album (Seinn)
Canadian Folk Music Award nomination - Traditional Singer
Canadian Folk Music Award nomination - Ensemble
Music Nova Scotia Award winner - Traditional/Roots Recording (Seinn)
Music Nova Scotia Award nomination - Group Recording
References
External links
Mary Jane Lamond
Mary Jane Lamond & Wendy MacIsaac
1960 births
Living people
Canadian women folk singers
Canadian folk-pop singers
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Musicians from Kingston, Ontario
Scottish Gaelic singers
Canadian Gaelic
Canadian Folk Music Award winners
20th-century Canadian women singers
21st-century Canadian women singers
Bernhard Solger (5 December 1849, Untermerzbach – 21 February 1935, Neisse) was a German anatomist.
They studied medicine at the Universities of Erlangen, Würzburg, Tübingen and Munich. During the Franco-Prussian War, they served as a doctor in a field hospital. In 1872 they obtained their doctorate from the University of Würzburg, later working as an assistant at the University of Breslau (1875). Beginning in 1877, they worked as a prosector at the University of Halle, where in 1882 they gained an associate professorship. In 1886, they were appointed professor of anatomy at the University of Greifswald. In 1904 they settled in the city of Neisse as a dermatologist.
Known for their research in the field of cellular anatomy, they made valuable contributions in their studies of chromatophores (pigment cells).
Published works
Beiträge zur Kenntniss der Niere und besonders der Nierenpigmente niederer Wirbelthiere, 1882 - Contributions to the knowledge of the kidney, particularly the renal pigments of lower vertebrates.
Zur Structur der Pigmentzelle, 1889; in the publication "Connective tissue" - On the structure of the pigment cell.
Ueber pigmentirte Zellen und deren Centralmasse, 1890 - The pigment cell and its centrosphere.
Zelle und Zellkern, 1892 - On the cell and cell nucleus.
Zur Kenntnis der Chromatophoren der Cephalopoden u. ihrer Adnexa, 1898 - To the understanding of the chromatophores of cephalopods and their appendages.
Über Melanose der Dickdarmschleimhaut, 1898 - On melanosis of the colon mucosa.
Zur Kenntnis des Schenkelsporns (Merkel) und des Wardschen Dreiecks, 1900 - On the femoral calcar and Ward's triangle.
Über die "intracellulären Fäden" der Ganglienzellen des elektrischen Lappens von Torpedo, 1902 - On "intracellular threads", the ganglion cells of the electrical lobes of torpedo fish.
Hautpigment und Belichtungen klinischer Beobachtungen: nebst Bemerkungen über die Vererbungsprobleme, 1909 - Clinical observations involving skin pigment, with comments dealing with problems of heredity.
References
1849 births
1935 deaths
People from Haßberge (district)
University of Halle faculty
University of Greifswald faculty
German anatomists
Jorge Walter Theiler (born 12 May 1964) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played as a defender; they won the Primera División Argentina in 1987–88 with Newell's Old Boys.
Theiler came through the youth team of Newell's Old Boys to make their debut in 1983. They played in the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship where the Argentina Under-20 team reached the final but lost to Brazil. They also played for the full national team and was part of the squad for Copa América 1987. Newell's won the 1987-88 Primera División.
In 1990 Theiler joined River Plate bet they never established themselves in the first team, they then had a spell with St Gallen of Switzerland before returning to Argentina to join San Lorenzo de Almagro. In 1993, they returned to Newell's Old Boys.
After retiring as a player they went on to pursue a career in coaching. After working with the youth teams of River Plate and Newell's Old Boys they became the manager of Libertad of Paraguay in 2004 for three games. In 2005, they had a brief spell as the manager of Instituto de Córdoba. In 2008, they were the manager of the Argentina Under-15 football team for the South American Under-15 Football Championship.
Honours
Newell's Old Boys
Primera División Argentina: 1987–88
References
External links
Jorge Theiler at BDFA.com.ar
Jorge Theiler – Managerial statistics in the Argentine Primera at Fútbol XXI
1964 births
Living people
People from Caseros Department
Argentine footballers
Argentina youth international footballers
Argentina under-20 international footballers
Argentina international footballers
1987 Copa América players
Association football defenders
Newell's Old Boys footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
San Lorenzo de Almagro footballers
FC St. Gallen players
Argentine football managers
Instituto managers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Argentine people of German descent
Argentine Primera División players
Atlanta United FC non-playing staff
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Footballers at the 1987 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in football
The 2004 Bob Jane T-Marts 1000 was a motor race for V8 Supercars, staged on 10 October 2004 at the Mount Panorama Circuit just outside Bathurst in New South Wales, Australia. It was Round 10 of the 2004 V8 Supercar Championship Series.
The event was the eighth Australia 1000, first held after the organisational split over the Bathurst 1000 that occurred in 1997. The race was staged four days after the 41st anniversary of the first Bathurst 500/1000 touring car endurance race which was held at the Mount Panorama Circuit in 1963. The 2004 event was the 47th race with a lineage back to the 1960 Armstrong 500 held at Phillip Island.
The race was won by 2003 winners Greg Murphy and Rick Kelly driving a Kmart Racing Team entered Holden Commodore (VY). It was the sixth consecutive Bathurst 1000 victory for Holden, a new record. The 2004 event was the 32nd and last Bathurst 500/1000 for nine time race winner Peter Brock. They did not get to drive in the actual race however as Jason Plato, their British co-driver in the #05 Holden Racing Team Holden Commodore (VY), crashed heavily on lap 31, putting the car out of the race.
Entry List
35 cars were entered in the race – 16 Ford Falcons and 19 Holden Commodores. Three cars were of the pre-2003 Group 3A regulation set. Amongst the debutants were former Formula One driver Alex Yoong, future championship race winners Fabian Coulthard and Lee Holdsworth and future New Zealand Touring Cars champion John McIntyre. Nine time Bathurst winner Peter Brock and 1988 race winner Tomas Mezera made their final start in the event.
Qualifying
Qualifying
Top 10 Shootout
Starting grid
The following table represents the final starting grid for the race on Sunday:
Race results
Statistics
Provisional Pole Position (set in Qualifying) - #15 Greg Murphy - 2:08.0940
Pole Position (set in Top 10 Shootout) - #11 Steven Richards - 2:07.9611
Race time of winning car - 6:29:36.2055
Race Average Speed - 154 km/h
Winning margin - 9.5738s
Fastest Lap - #50 Jason Bright - 2:08.8927 (173.52 km/h) on lap 94
References
External links
Official race results
Official V8 Supercar website
Motorsport in Bathurst, New South Wales
Bob Jane T-Marts 1000
Yehoshua Dovid Povarsky (; 1902–1999) is known for their erudite Talmudic lectures and their deanship as Rosh Yeshiva of Ponevezh Yeshiva. They were asked by Yosef Shlomo Kahaneman to join the previous two heads of the institute, Elazar Menachem Shach and Shmuel Rozovsky to create a triumvirate in leading the Yeshiva.
Biography
In their youth, Dovid Povarsky studied in the Kelm Talmud Torah, where they became a student in Mussar to Yeruchom Levovitz eventually coming to accompany the latter on all their travels and memorizing all of their speeches. They followed Reb Yeruchom when Reb Yeruchom transferred to Mir yeshiva to serve as the Mashgiach there. In Mir Yeshiva, Reb Dovid was the roommate of Yechiel Michel Feinstein.
By marrying Tzipporah Kreiser, Reb Dovid became the son-in-law of Rabbi Dovid Dov Kreiser, making them brother-in-law to Rabbi Aryeh Leib Malin. Following their marriage, Reb David studied as married fellow in the Kollel of Rabbi Elchonon Wasserman in Kovno, while enduring many hardships.
Family
Theirs sons:
Rabbi Baruch Dov Povarsky, the current rosh yeshiva in the Ponovezh Yeshiva. They were born when their father was living in Kletsk, Poland.
Rabbi Dr. Chaim Povarsky was a professor of law, as well as a great talmid chochom, authoring the sefer Pri Chaim. They married Rochel, daughter of the rabbi of Bat Yam, Pesach Kokis. They died in Jerusalem on February 22, 2022.
Rabbi Shalom Povarsky was a Rosh Yeshiva in Yeshiva Kol Torah. They died in 2020 from COVID-19
Students
Chaim Shaul Taub, Rebbe of Modzitz
Works
Yeshuas Dovid (7 volumes)
Shiurei Reb Dovid Pavarsky on various Tractates
Yishmeru Da'as consisting of various Mussar discourses which they delivered
References
1902 births
1999 deaths
Ponevezh Rosh yeshivas
People from Bnei Brak
Haredi rabbis in Israel
Haredi rabbis in Mandatory Palestine
Rabbis in Bnei Brak
Mir Yeshiva alumni
Mons Delisle is a mountain on the Moon, located on the edge of Mare Imbrium west of the crater Delisle. It is elongated in shape and is about long. The mountain was named after the nearby crater of the same name by the IAU in 1985.
References
External links
LAC-39 area - Map
Mountains on the Moon
Ouachita County ( ) is a county located in the south central part of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 26,120.
The county seat is Camden. Ouachita County is part of the Camden, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area. Formed on November 29, 1842, the county is named for the Ouachita River.
History
Until the late 20th century, the county was a Democratic Party stronghold, aided by the state's having disenfranchised most African Americans at the turn of the century. As in much of the rest of the South, conservative whites, who comprise the majority of the population in the county, have shifted into the Republican Party. In 1972, U.S. President Richard M. Nixon became the first Republican presidential nominee in the 20th century to win a majority in Ouachita County. Much later, in the 2008 presidential election, U.S. Senator John McCain won the county by nearly ten percentage votes over Senator Barack Obama, following President George W. Bush's victory over Senator John F. Kerry in 2004.
The politically influential Pryor family is based here; they include two U.S. senators, David Pryor (serving 1978–1997) and their son Mark Pryor (elected 2002). The elder Pryor also served as a former governor of Arkansas and US Congressman. The county is served by a daily newspaper, The Camden News.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Major highways
Future Interstate 69
U.S. Highway 79
U.S. Highway 278
Highway 4
Highway 7
Highway 9
Highway 24
Adjacent counties
Dallas County (north)
Calhoun County (east)
Union County (south)
Columbia County (southwest)
Nevada County (west)
Clark County (northwest)
Demographics
The county had its peak of population in 1950.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 22,650 people, 9,658 households, and 6,009 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 26,120 people living in the county. The racial makeup of the county was 56.3% White, 39.9% Black, 0.3% Native American, 0.4% Asian, <0.1% Pacific Islander, 0.1% from some other race and 1.4% from two or more races. 1.6% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 28,790 people, 11,613 households, and 8,071 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 13,450 housing units at an average density of 18 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 59.74% White, 38.64% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.24% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.26% from other races, and 0.83% from two or more races. 0.73% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 11,613 households, out of which 30.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.00% were married couples living together, 15.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.50% were non-families. 28.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.90% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 25.60% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 16.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,341, and the median income for a family was $35,736. Males had a median income of $30,976 versus $18,800 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,118. About 16.10% of families and 19.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.20% of those under age 18 and 18.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles Ouachita County has trended towards the GOP. The last democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Al Gore in 2000.
In 2020, the county saw an increase in third party votes compared to 2016, whereas the national trend was a significant drop of third party support.
Communities
Cities
Bearden
Camden (county seat)
Chidester
East Camden
Stephens
Town
Louann
Census designated place
Reader
Unincorporated community
Cullendale
Townships
Behestian
Bradley (East Camden)
Bragg
Bridge Creek (Elliott)
Carroll
Cleveland
Ecore Fabre (most of Camden)
Freeo
Jefferson
Lafayette (small part of Camden)
Liberty
Marion (Buena Vista)
Red Hill (Chidester, most of CDP Reader)
River
Smackover (Stephens)
Union (Bearden)
Valley
Washington (Louann)
Monuments and memorials
See also
List of lakes in Ouachita County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ouachita County, Arkansas
USS Ouachita County (LST-1071)
References
External links
Ouachita County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
Ouachita County Sheriff's Office
1842 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1842
Arkansas placenames of Native American origin
Camden, Arkansas micropolitan area
Veronicella sloanii, commonly called the pancake slug, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial, pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.
Description
When extended, this slug can attain a length of 12 cm (5 in.). It is highly variable in coloration and positive identification depends on dissection and inspection of the genitalia. It is usually very pale in color, ranging from mottle pale yellow, cream to white. It may have irregular black spotting or speckling all over the dorsal surface that may coalesce into two poorly defined bands running down either side of the body; in the juveniles, these two bands may be clearer and better defined as grey bands, especially anteriorly. Occasionally the slug can be mostly brownish. The only constant color character among different Caribbean island populations is the eye stalk, which is bluish grey with a light brown tip.
Distribution
The indigenous distribution of Veronicella sloanii is Jamaica. The type locality is in Jamaica.
Other non-indigenous distribution includes:
Barbados
Bermuda
Dominica - first report from Dominica in 2009
Dominican Republic
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent
Cuba (Bahia Honda in Pinar del Río Province).
This slug has been introduced to Florida and it has become an agricultural pest there.
Controversially Cowie et al. (2009) considered this species has not yet become established in the US, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore, it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.
Ecology
Habitat
This slug lives in moist conditions and is nocturnal.
The best times to hunt for the slug is after rainfall. They rest under boards, logs and other objects lying on the ground.
Feeding habits
This species attacks a wide variety of agricultural and horticultural plants including banana, plantain, various beans and peas, peanut, eggplant, cultivars of Brassica (e.g., broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower), carrot, hot and sweet peppers, various citrus species, lettuce, sweet potato, dasheen, eddoe, tannia, tomato, and yam.
Life cycle
The slug lays a clutch of about 30 eggs, which are about 5 mm in diameter. The hatching time in captivity was 15 days at 24 °C.
Importance for humans
This species is an agricultural pest.
They should not be handled with bare hands because they serve as intermediate hosts of the nematode Angiostrongylus costaricensis, which causes a disease called human abdominal angiostrongyliasis.
References
This article incorporates public text a public domain work of the United States Government from the reference
Further reading
Quattrini D. & Lanza B. (15 December 1968). "Observations on the gonads of Veronicella sloanei (Cuvier) (Gastropoda soleolifera veronicellidae)". Boll Soc Ital Biol Sper. 44(23): 2023-2026.
External links
Images from http://www.kingsnake.com/westindian/metazoa1.html
http://www.kingsnake.com/westindian/tveronicellasloanei1.JPG
http://www.kingsnake.com/westindian/veronicellasloanei2.JPG
Veronicellidae
Gastropods described in 1817
Taxa named by Georges Cuvier
This is a list of events held by the Cage Rage Championships, a now-defunct mixed martial arts organization that was based in England. The first event, Cage Rage 1, took place on September 7, 2002 and the last, Cage Rage UK - Fighting Hurts Final, on November 1, 2008.
External links
Cage Rage Results at Sherdog.com
Cage Rage
San Salvatore is a romanesque-style, former basilica church located in the center of Spoleto, Province of Perugia, region of Umbria, Italy.
The Lombards' renovation of the church dates back to the eighth century and it is testimony to the architectural style of the Longobardia Minor, “marking the transition from Antiquity to the European Middle Ages”.
In 2011 was declared a UNESCO world heritage property as part of the series of sites known as “Longobards in Italy. Places of the power (568-774 A.C.)”, which comprises seven sites throughout Italy characterized by lombard elements of architecture, painting, sculpture and art. Beside the nearby Clitunno Tempietto (PG), the other five sites are: the castrum with the Torba Tower and the church outside the walls Santa Maria foris portas (VA), the monumental area with the monastic complex of San Salvatore-Santa Giulia (BS), the Gastaldaga area and the Episcopal complex (UD), the Santa Sofia complex (BN) and the Sanctuary of San Michele (FG). San Salvatore is located in the monumental cemetery of Spoleto, upon Ciciano hill, outside the medieval town walls. The cemetery was designed in 1836 by the architect Ireneo Aleandri.
Gallery
See also
History of medieval Arabic and Western European domes
References
Churches in Spoleto
Romanesque architecture in Spoleto
9th-century churches in Italy
The Group of 33 was an international grouping that existed briefly in 1999, comprising the thirty-three leading national economies of the world.
It superseded the Group of 22 in early 1999, and was itself superseded by the Group of 20 later that year. A number of G33 meetings on the international financial system were held at the initiative of the finance ministers and central bank governors of the G7. The first meeting was held in Bonn, Germany in 1999.
References
Former international organizations
Intergovernmental organizations
Organizations established in 1999
Organizations disestablished in 1999
de:G33#Ehemalige G33 der Industrie- und Schwellenländer
H.E. Nasser Hassan Al-Shaikh was, until 19 May 2009, Director General of Department of Finance, Government of Dubai.
Career
On 19 May 2009, in a shock move, H.E. Nasser Al-Shaikh was moved to the post of Assistant Director of the Rulers Court for Foreign Affairs. They resigned on June 21, 2009 from the chairpersonship of Deyaar Development PJSC and on June 22, 2009 from the chairpersonship of Taaleem PJSC, vice-chairpersonship of National Bonds Corporation PJSC and the board of directors of Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC. Later on June 23, 2009 it was announced that they were relieved from all Government posts including their new role in the Dubai Ruler's Court.
Their exit, for which no reason was given, shook the business community as they had been seen as one of the key architects of Dubai's efforts to deal with the fallout from the global financial crisis, which has severely affected the emirate's economy.
Just days before being replaced, Al-Shaikh was speaking at the World Economic Forum in Jordan about how the second $10 billion tranche would be distributed. A few weeks prior they also spoke in depth about the economic situation during an exclusive interview on Dubai Eye 103.8's The Business Breakfast.
References
Living people
People from Dubai
Businesspeople from Dubai
1971 births
Events in the year 2021 in Qatar.
Incumbents
Events
Ongoing — COVID-19 pandemic in Qatar
5 January – The Qatar diplomatic crisis is resolved, having lasted since 2017.
12 January – Egypt reopens its airspace to Qatari aircraft, and will allow the resumption of direct flights between the countries, which have been suspended since 2017.
11 – 13 January – 2021 Judo World Masters are held in Doha.
16 January – Saudi Arabia's Foreign Minister Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud announces that Saudi Arabia will re-open its embassy in Qatar in the coming days, after a diplomatic crisis that saw the nations severing ties for three years.
7 April – Qatar announces a re-imposition of the strict lockdown beginning April 9, which will close restaurants, cafés, cinemas, hairdressers, museums, and libraries and ban most indoor activities, in order to reduce the number of COVID-19 cases.
16 May – After discussions in Qatar and Pakistan, Taliban representatives have reportedly agreed to substantive talks with the Afghan Republic team in Doha, and to attend a summit in Istanbul that they initially refused to attend.
17 May – The offices of the Qatar branch of the Red Crescent Society is destroyed by an Israeli air strike, killing two Palestinians and wounding ten others. The Qatari Foreign Ministry condemns the attack.
19 May – 2021 Qatari general election: The Qatari cabinet approves a draft law scheduling elections to the Shura Council for October, after several years of delays. The law also provides guidelines for voter registration and campaigning, such as allowing government employees to run and limiting expenditures to QAR2 million per candidate.
26 May – Qatari Foreign Minister Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani pledges US$500 million to help rebuild the Gaza Strip following the cessation in violence between Palestine and Israel.
31 July – Qatari weightlifter Fares El-Bakh wins the men's 96 kg event, receiving Qatar's first-ever Olympic gold medal.
31 August – The Indian ambassador to Qatar Dr. Deepak Mittal meets with Taliban representative Sher Mohammad Abbas Stanikzai in Doha to discuss the repatriation of Indian citizens who are currently in Afghanistan.
9 September – 2021 evacuation from Afghanistan: Qatar Airways conducts the first evacuation flight from Kabul's Hamid Karzai International Airport since the August 31 deadline.
12 September – Qatari foreign minister Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al Thani becomes the first foreign diplomat to meet with the governing Taliban after arriving in Kabul today. Al Thani met with Taliban prime minister Hassan Akhund, former president Hamid Karzai and former chief negotiator Abdullah Abdullah.
19 September – Kabul Airlift: A Qatar Airways charter flight carrying 200 passengers, including Afghans and Americans, departs from Kabul International Airport to Qatar.
29 September – The U.S. Treasury Department, in coordination with Qatar, imposes sanctions on the United Arab Emirates real estate company Aldar Properties and seven residents of Bahrain, Qatar and Saudi Arabia for allegedly financing Hezbollah.
2 October – 2021 Qatari general election: Qataris head to the polls to elect 30 members of the Consultative Assembly in the country's first legislative elections.
9 October – The U.S. State Department confirms that the first face-to-face meetings with high representatives of the Taliban since the departure of U.S. troops from Afghanistan, will begin today in Doha, Qatar. A spokesperson for the State Department says that the U.S. will pressure the Taliban to "respect the rights of all Afghans, including women and girls" and form an inclusive government. The spokesperson also clarifies that this is not a recognition of the Taliban government by the U.S., saying that the Taliban will have to earn recognition by its actions.
17 December – Qatar reports its first four cases of the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant in three fully vaccinated people and an unvaccinated person who all travelled abroad.
Deaths
14 December – Muamer Abdulrab, 39, Qatari footballer (Al-Sailiya, Al Kharaitiyat, national team)
References
2020s in Qatar
Years of the 21st century in Qatar
Qatar
Qatar
Fominskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 24 as of 2002.
Geography
Fominskaya is located 36 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kozhinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
The World Turtle, also called the Cosmic Turtle or the World-bearing Turtle, is a mytheme of a giant turtle (or tortoise) supporting or containing the world. It occurs in Hindu mythology, Chinese mythology, and the mythologies of the indigenous peoples of the Americas. The comparative mythology of the World-Tortoise discussed by Edward Burnett Tylor (1878:341) includes the counterpart World Elephant.
India
The World Turtle in Hindu mythology is known as Akupāra (Sanskrit: अकूपार), or sometimes Chukwa. An example of a reference to the World Turtle in Hindu literature is found in Jñānarāja (the author of Siddhāntasundara, writing c. 1500): "A vulture, whichever has only little strength, rests in the sky holding a snake in its beak for a prahara [three hours]. Why can [the deity] in the form of a tortoise, who possesses an inconceivable potency, not hold the Earth in the sky for a kalpa [billions of years]?"
The British philosopher John Locke made reference to this in their 1689 tract, An Essay Concerning Human Understanding, which compares one who would say that properties inhere in "substance" to the Indian, who said the world was on an elephant, which was on a tortoise, "but being again pressed to know what gave support to the broad-backed tortoise, replied—something, they knew not what".
Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable lists, without citation, Maha-pudma and Chukwa as names from a "popular rendition of a Hindu myth in which the tortoise Chukwa supports the elephant Maha-pudma, which in turn supports the world".
China
In Chinese mythology, the creator goddess Nüwa cut the legs off the giant sea turtle Ao () and used them to prop up the sky after Gong Gong damaged Mount Buzhou, which had previously supported the heavens.
North America
The Lenape creation story of the "Great Turtle" was first recorded between 1678 and 1680 by Jasper Danckaerts. The belief is shared by other indigenous peoples of the Northeastern Woodlands, most notably those of the Haudenosanee confederacy, and the Anishinaabeg.
The Jesuit Relations contain a Huron story concerning the World Turtle:
'When the Father was explaining to them [some Huron seminarists] some circumstance of the passion of our Lord, and speaking to them of the eclipse of the Sun, and of the trembling of the earth which was felt at that time, they replied that there was talk in their own country of a great earthquake which had happened in former times; but they did not know either the time or the cause of that disturbance. "There is still talk," (said they) "of a very remarkable darkening of the Sun, which was supposed to have happened because the great turtle which upholds the earth, in changing its position or place, brought its shell before the Sun, and thus deprived the world of sight."'
In modern media
The Discworld series, created by Terry Pratchett, takes place on a fictional world that is a flat disc sitting on top of four elephants astride the shell of a giant turtle named Great A'Tuin.
In the book Monday Begins on Saturday by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky, a disc upon elephants on a turtle is said to have been discovered by a pupil who entered an ideal world of imagination.
In the book It by Stephen King, Pennywise's archenemy is a giant turtle named Maturin.
In the start of the first chapter of A Brief History Of Time, an old woman says:”What you have told us is rubbish. The earth is really a flat plate supported on the back of a giant tortoise.”
In philosophy
The regress argument in epistemology and the infinite regress in philosophy often use the expression "turtles all the way down" to indicate an explanatory failure based on an explanation that needs a potentially infinite series of additional explanations to support it.
See also
Torterra
Turtle Island (Native American folklore)
Turtles all the way down
World Serpent
World Tree
Zaratan
References
Legendary turtles
Mythological archetypes
Turtle
Kosmos 459 ( meaning Cosmos 459), also known as DS-P1-M No.5 was a satellite which was used as a target for tests of anti-satellite weapons. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1971 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme, and used as a target for Kosmos 462, as part of the Istrebitel Sputnikov programme.
Launch
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-3M carrier rocket, from Site 132/1 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome. The launch occurred at 17:30:00 UTC on 29 November 1971.
Orbit
Kosmos 459 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 65 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 89.4 minutes. It was successfully intercepted and destroyed by Kosmos 462. Two major pieces of debris were associated with the satellite, which decayed from orbit on 1 and 7 December 1971.
Kosmos 459 was the fourth of the five original DS-P1-M satellites to be launched, of which all but the first successfully reached orbit. After the five initial launches the DS-P1-M satellite was replaced with a derivative, Lira. The interception of Kosmos 459 was the last completed test of the IS-A interceptor as part of Soviet state trials, and the last attempt to intercept a baseline DS-P1-M satellite as no attempt was made to intercept Kosmos 521. Following the test, the IS-A anti-satellite system was declared operational.
See also
1971 in spaceflight
References
1971 in spaceflight
Intentionally destroyed artificial satellites
1971 in the Soviet Union
Satellites formerly orbiting Earth
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1971
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
The list of ship decommissionings in 1904 includes a chronological list of ships decommissioned in 1904. In cases where no official decommissioning ceremony was held, the date of withdrawal from service may be used instead.
References
See also
1904
Ship decommissionings
Ship launches
Ship launches
The Golden Triangle is the area where the borders of Thailand, Laos, and Myanmar meet at the confluence of the Ruak and Mekong rivers. The name "Golden Triangle"—coined by the CIA—is commonly used more broadly to refer to an area of approximately that overlaps the mountains of the three adjacent countries.
Along with Afghanistan in the Golden Crescent, it has been one of the largest opium-producing areas of the world since the 1950s. Most of the world's heroin came from the Golden Triangle until the early 21st century when Afghanistan became the world's largest producer. The majority of the region's opium is now produced in Myanmar and, to a lesser extent, Laos.
Opium production in Myanmar is the world's second-largest source of opium after Afghanistan, producing some 25% of the world's opium, forming part of the Golden Triangle. In recent times however, opium poppy cultivation in Myanmar has declined year-on-year since 2015. According to the latest data from the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), an estimated 405 metric tons (mt) of opium were produced in Myanmar in 2020, representing less than half of the estimate of 2013 (870 mt), while the area of opium poppy cultivation declined by 11% from 33,100 in 2019 to 29,500 hectares (ha). With that said, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) has warned that opium production in Myanmar may rise again if the economic crunch brought on by COVID-19 and the 2021 military coup persists, with fallout for much of Asia.
Regions of Asia
Origin
As the Chinese Communist Party gained power, they ordered ten million addicts into compulsory treatment, had dealers executed, and opium-producing regions planted with new crops. Consequently, opium production shifted south of the Chinese border into the Golden Triangle region.
Small-scale opium production in Myanmar dated back to the Konbaung dynasty in 1750, chiefly for the consumption of foreigners.
The Chinese troops of the Kuomintang in Burma (KMT) were in effect the forebears of the private narcotic armies operating in the Golden Triangle. In 1949, thousands of the defeated Kuomintang troops crossed over the border from Yunnan province into Burma, a nation with a weak government, where the Kuomintang seized control of the border regions. Almost all the KMT opium was sent south to Thailand.
The KMT-controlled territories made up Burma's major opium-producing region, and the shift in KMT policy allowed them to expand their control over the region's opium trade. Furthermore, Communist China's eradication of illicit opium cultivation in Yunnan by the early 1950s effectively handed the opium monopoly to the KMT army in the Shan State. The main consumers of the drug were the local ethnic Chinese and those across the border in Yunnan and the rest of Southeast Asia. They coerced the local villagers for recruits, food and money, and exacted a heavy tax on the opium farmers. This forced the farmers to increase their production to make ends meet. One American missionary to the Lahu tribesmen of Kengtung State testified that the KMT tortured the Lahu for failing to comply with their regulations.
Annual production increased twenty-fold, from 30 tons at the time of Burmese independence to 600 tons in the mid-1950s.
Methamphetamine production and trafficking
"The Golden Triangle, and specifically Shan State of Myanmar, is believed to be the largest methamphetamine producing area in the world (modest sized geographic area with highly concentrated production)." The growing signs of an intensification of methamphetamine manufacturing activity within and around the Golden Triangle, and a corresponding decrease in the number of production facilities dismantled in other parts of the region, suggests that methamphetamine manufacture in East and Southeast Asia is now consolidated into the lower Mekong region. Countries in East and Southeast Asia have collectively witnessed sustained increases in seizures of methamphetamine over the last decade, totalling over 140 tons in 2019 according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, more than any other part of the world. In April and May 2020, Myanmar authorities reported Asia's largest ever drug operation in Shan State totalling what was believed to be 193 million methamphetamine tablets, hundreds of kilogrammes of crystal methamphetamine as well as some heroin, and over 162,000 litres and 35.5 tons of drug precursors as well as sophisticated production equipment and several staging and storage facilities.
History of drug production and trafficking
Myanmar is the world's second largest producer of illicit opium, after Afghanistan and has been a significant cog in the transnational drug trade since World War II. According to the UNODC it is estimated that in 2005 there wеrе of opium cultivation in Myanmar.
The surrender of drug lord Khun Sa's Mong Tai Army in January 1996 was hailed by Yangon as a major counter-narcotics success. Lack of government will and ability to take on major narcotrafficking groups and lack of serious commitment against money laundering continues to hinder the overall anti-drug effort. Most of the tribespeople growing the opium poppy in Myanmar and in the Thai highlands are living below the poverty line.
In 1996, the United States Embassy in Rangoon released a "Country Commercial Guide", which states "Exports of opiates alone appear to be worth about as much as all legal exports." It goes on to say that investments in infrastructure and hotels are coming from major opiate-growing and opiate-exporting organizations and from those with close ties to these organizations.
A four-year investigation concluded that Myanmar Oil and Gas Enterprise (MOGE) was "the main channel for laundering the revenues of heroin produced and exported under the control of the Myanmar Army." In a business deal signed with the French oil giant Total in 1992, and later joined by Unocal, MOGE received a payment of $15 million. "Despite the fact that MOGE has no assets besides the limited installments of its foreign partners and makes no profit, and that the Myanmar state never had the capacity to allocate any currency credit to MOGE, the Singapore bank accounts of this company have seen the transfer of hundreds of millions of US dollars," reports François Casanier. According to a confidential MOGE file reviewed by the investigators, funds exceeding $60 million and originating from Myanmar's most renowned drug lord, Khun Sa, were channeled through the company. "Drug money is irrigating every economic activity in Myanmar, and big foreign partners are also seen by the SLORC as big shields for money laundering." Banks in Rangoon offered money laundering for a 40% commission.
Poppy cultivation in the country decreased more than 80 percent from 1998 to 2006 following an eradication campaign in the Golden Triangle. Officials with the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime have confirmed that opium poppy farming has decreased since 2014, as synthetic drug production has expanded. A United Nations report also cites corruption, poverty and a lack of government control as typical causes for impoverished farmers to engage in drug production.
Opium and heroin base produced in northeastern Myanmar are transported by horse and donkey caravans to refineries along the Thailand–Burma border for conversion to heroin and heroin base. Most of the finished products are shipped across the border into various towns in North Thailand and down to Bangkok for further distribution to international markets.
Heroin from Southeast Asia is most frequently brought to the United States by couriers, typically Thai and U.S. nationals, travelling on commercial airlines. California and Hawaii are the primary U.S. entry points for Golden Triangle heroin, but small percentages of the drug are trafficked into New York City and Washington, D.C. While Southeast Asian groups have had success in trafficking heroin to the United States, they initially had difficulty arranging street level distribution. However, with the incarceration of Asian traffickers in American prisons during the 1970s, contacts between Asian and American prisoners developed. These contacts have allowed Southeast Asian traffickers access to gangs and organizations distributing heroin at the retail level.
The Golden Triangle is now one of the world's leading areas for the production of synthetic drugs and particularly methamphetamine as production has scaled up of Yaba tablets and crystalline methamphetamine, including for export to Australia, New Zealand, and across East and Southeast Asia. With respect to the accelerating synthetic drug production in the region, and specifically in Shan State, Myanmar, Sam Gor, also known as "The Company", is understood to be one of the main international crime syndicates responsible for this shift. Made up of members of five different triads and understood to be headed by Tse Chi Lop, a Canadian gangster born in Guangzhou, China, the Cantonese Chinese syndicate is primarily involved in drug trafficking, potentially earning up to $8 billion per year. Sam Gor is alleged to control 40% of the Asia-Pacific methamphetamine market, while also trafficking heroin and ketamine. The organization is active in a variety of countries in addition to Myanmar, including Thailand, Lao PDR, New Zealand, Australia, Japan, China and Taiwan.
The Chinese Muslim Panthay are the same ethnic group as the Muslims among the Chinese Chin Haw. Both are descendants of Chinese Hui Muslim immigrants from Yunnan province in China. They often work with each other in the Golden Triangle Drug Trade. Both Chinese Muslim and non-Muslim Jeen Haw and Panthay are known to be members of Triad secret societies, working with other Chinese groups in Thailand like the TeoChiew and Hakka and the 14K Triad. They engaged in the heroin trade. Ma Hseuh-fu, from Yunnan province, was one of the most prominent Jeen Haw heroin drug lords.
A Panthay from Burma, Ma Zhengwen, assisted the Han Chinese drug lord Khun Sa in selling their heroin in north Thailand. The Panthay monopolized opium trafficking in Burma. They also created secret drug routes to reach the international market with contacts to smuggle drugs from Burma via south China.
See also
Allegations of CIA drug trafficking
Vang Pao
Khun Sa
References
External links
Geopium: Geopolitics of Illicit Drugs in Asia. Geopium.org (since 1998) is the personal website of Pierre-Arnaud Chouvy, CNRS Research Fellow in Paris.
Kramer, Tom, Martin Jelsma, and Tom Blickman. Withdrawal Symptoms in the Golden Triangle: A Drugs Market in Disarray. Amsterdam: Transnational Institute, January 2009. .
"The Golden Triangle Opium Trade: An Overview" by Bertil Lintner, Chiang Mai, March 2000
UNODC. "Transnational Organized Crime in Southeast Asia: Evolution, Growth and Impact". UNODC Regional Office for Southeast Asia and the Pacific, June 2019.
Border tripoints
Crime in Thailand
Geography of Southeast Asia
Illegal drug trade in Southeast Asia
Opium
Nuno da Cunha de Ataíde e Melo (7 December 1664 – 3 December 1750), more commonly referred to as Cardinal da Cunha, was a Portuguese Cardinal of the Catholic Church, and a politically important figure as a close advisor to King John V. Cardinal da Cunha occupied several positions at Court, as the King's chief chaplain, a chief minister ("ministro do despacho") and a significant member of the Council of State; they are perhaps most well-remembered as the Inquisitor-General of the Tribunal of the Holy Office from 1707 until their death in 1750.
Biography
Nuno da Cunha was born in the parish of São José in Lisbon, the son of Luís da Cunha e Ataíde, 9th Lord of Povolide (1619-1672), and their wife D. Guiomar de Lencastre (1631-1665). Their eldest brother, Tristão da Cunha Ataíde (1655-1728) would later be created 1st Count of Povolide. They studied at the University of Coimbra, first Theology, but then switched to Canon Law, in which they earned their degree.
They were first a canon of the Diocese of Coimbra, but soon afterwards started their career within the Inquisition, first in Coimbra and then in Lisbon. King Peter II appointed Nuno da Cunha as their chaplain of honour (sumilher da cortina) and, in 1702, made them a member of the Council of the Three Estates (Junta dos Três Estados). In 1705 they were made the King's chief chaplain and was nominated Bishop of Elvas, but refused this latter appointment: they were instead consecrated Titular Bishop of Targa (in the Ancient Roman province of Africa Proconsularis) the following year. After the death of Peter II and the accession of their son King John V (in whose education Nuno da Cunha had played a part), they were offered several more positions of political importance at Court. In 1707, they were made Inquisitor-General of Portugal and, in 1712, Cardinal-Priest of Sant'Anastasia al Palatino.
Following the death of Pope Clement XI in 1721, they were summoned to that year's papal conclave. They departed Lisbon on 9 May aboard a Portuguese carrack; arriving at the port of Leorne on 19 May, they received news that Cardinal Michelangelo dei Conti had already been elected pope, as Innocent XIII. They were subsequently received in Rome with "special demonstrations of paternal benevolence" by the new Pontiff (who already knew Nuno da Cunha from their time as Apostolic Nuncio to Portugal from 1698 to 1706). During their time in Rome, Cardinal da Cunha was occupied in several assignments with the Congregations for Bishops, for Regulars, for the Propagation of the Faith, for Rites, and for Consistorial Provisions. Also during this time, they sponsored major works at great personal expense on their titular church of Sant'Anastasia al Palatino.
They only arrived back in Portugal on October 1722, having travelled by land and stopping on places of pilgrimage along the way. In Ancona, they made two precious offerings to Our Lady of Loreto ("a large golden cross, set with thick sapphires surrounded by diamonds", and "a precious ornament of gold over lapis lazuli and decorated with hieroglyphs, to adorn the niche"). On 3 June 1722, a rare private ostension of the Shroud of Turin was held for Cardinal da Cunha at the Chapel of the Holy Shroud.
After their death, according to the official gazette, Cardinal da Cunha's body was dissected and embalmed by two surgeons using a new technique: the procedure took seven and a half hours. They were interred, following their own instructions, in the Chapter House of the Monastery of Saint Dominic in Lisbon, under a plain ledger stone.
References
1664 births
1750 deaths
18th-century Portuguese cardinals
Portuguese Inquisition
SS Canora was a passenger rail ferry built in 1918 by Davie Shipbuilding, for the Canadian Northern Pacific Railway (CNP). They ran from Patricia Bay to the Greater Vancouver area of Port Mann. They were supposed to have been the main passenger car ferry but sometime in 1918 when they arrived in BC, the CNP went into bankruptcy and the Government (Canadian National) purchased the company. CN had no compulsion to serve passengers, instead, they would service freight. In 1919, Canora went into service until their forced withdrawal in 1932 due to the depression. In 1935 Canadian National abandoned the track from Saanich to Patricia Bay. By 1937 Canora went back into service but at this time the island ferry terminal moved to the Point Ellice dock. Them retirement was in 1967 and scrapping was in 1968.
References
Ferries of British Columbia
Ships built in Quebec
1918 ships
The Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies is a basic and clinical research institute located on the Texas Research Park Campus of the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio (UTHSCSA). It is a leading institute in the United States in geriatrics research. The Barshop Institute ranks #1 in National Institute on Aging funding among Texas institutions, and is highly ranked in the country in National Institute of Health funding. The scientific director of the institute is Nicolas Musi, M.D.
In 2009, one of the research projects of the institute was announced by Science magazine as one of the top scientific discoveries of the year.
Research
More than 160 faculty members at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio are actively involved in biomedical and clinical research and educational activities that range from the molecular genetics of aging to issues of health care for the elderly population. Faculty members of the Barshop Institute are internationally known for their research into disease processes associated with aging, such as Alzheimer's disease, cancer, diabetes, Parkinson's disease, and cardiovascular disease. Faculty members have made major scientific inquiries into the molecular regulation of aging and age-related diseases, development of anti-aging interventions, and health care issues of the elderly.
In 2010, the University established the Center for Healthy Aging where Barshop Institute scientists studying the basic biology of aging work with their colleagues in clinical research to coordinate translational, clinical aging research, and geriatrics education across all schools of the Health Science Center.
References
External links
Official link
San Antonio Nathan Shock Center
Gerontology organizations
Biological research institutes
University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio
Carole Martinez (10 November 1966 in Créhange) is a French contemporary novelist.
Biography
They were at a time tempted by theater and created their troupe at age 20.
 They are a teacher of French.
Them first novel, , released discreetly in February 2007, received thereafter numerous prizes. Them second novel, , is short listed for the prix Goncourt (the prize eventually went to L'Art français de la guerre by Alexis Jenni with five votes, and three to Carole Martinez.) They finally are awarded the prix Goncourt des lycéens.
Publications
Youth
1998: Le Cri du livre, Paris, Pocket, series "Jeunesse", 175 p. . Reissued under the title L'Œil du témoin, Paris, éditions Rageot, series "Heure noire", 2011, 192 p.
Novels
2007: Le Cœur cousu, Paris, éditions Gallimard, Collection Blanche, 430 p.
Prix Renaudot des lycéens 2007
Prix Ulysse 2007
Prix Emmanuel Roblès 2007
Premier prix du Festival du Premier Roman de Chambéry - 2007
Bourse de la Découverte - Prix Découverte Prince Pierre de Monaco 2007
Bourse Thyde Monnier 2007
Prix des lycéens de Monaco
2011: Du domaine des Murmures, Paris, éditions Gallimard, Collection Blanche, 208 p.
Prix Goncourt des lycéens 2011.
Prix Marcel-Aymé 2012.
2015: La terre qui penche, éditions Gallimard, Collection Blanche, , Feuille d'or de la ville de Nancy.
References
External links
Carole Martinez on Babelio
La terre qui penche, de Carole Martinez : un pur joyau on L'Express (5 October 2015)
Carole Martinez, le retour on L'Obs (27 July 2011)
Rentrée littéraire : Carole Martinez en équilibre on Le Point (12 August 2015)
Carole Martinez on Gallimard
Carole Martinez, conteuse au fil d'or on ''La Croix (15 August 2012)
Carole Martinez - La terre qui penche on YouTube
21st-century French women writers
French children's writers
French women children's writers
21st-century French non-fiction writers
Prix Goncourt des lycéens winners
Prix Emmanuel Roblès recipients
People from Moselle (department)
1966 births
Living people
Prix Renaudot des lycéens winners
Achirana is an album by Greek composer and pianist Vassilis Tsabropoulos with bassist Arild Andersen and drummer John Marshall recorded in 1999 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "As Tsabropoulos' debut, this is without doubt an auspicious beginning".
Track listing
All compositions by Vassilis Tsabropoulos except as indicated
"Achirana" (Arild Andersen, John Marshall, Vassilis Tsabropoulos) - 8:06
"Diamond Cut Diamond" (Andersen, Marshall, Tsabropoulos) - 7:25
"Valley" (Andersen, Tsabropoulos) - 5:42
"Mystic" - 7:21
"The Spell" - 10:40
"She's Gone" (Andersen) - 5:48
"Fable" - 8:22
"Song for Phyllis" - 7:52
"Monologue" - 8:23
Personnel
Vassilis Tsabropoulos - piano
Arild Andersen - double bass
John Marshall - drums
References
2000 albums
ECM Records albums
Vassilis Tsabropoulos albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Joni Mitchell: In Them Own Words is a book from conversations of musician Joni Mitchell compiled by broadcast journalist, musician, and author Malka Marom. The book is composed of conversations recorded on three separate occasions, between the years 1973 and 2012. The book was published by ECW Press in 2014.
Acclaim and circulation
Released in September, 2014, Joni Mitchell In Them Own Words: Conversations with Malka Marom has garnered recognition as a 2015 IPPY Gold Medalist winner, inclusion as the Keynote topic/speaker (Marom) at "Court and Spark: An International Symposium", various mentions in on-line publications such as Brainpickings and is internationally translated and circulated in Italy and China.
References
2014 non-fiction books
Canadian non-fiction books
Joni Mitchell
The Door is the debut studio album by Norwegian trumpeter, composer and multi-instrumentalist Mathias Eick recorded in 2007 and released on August 19, 2008 by the ECM label. The album consists of eight weightlessly lyrical compositions, all originals.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 3½ stars stating "This is an excellent introduction to a player who has plenty to say and many ways of saying it. The Door is a beautifully mysterious and deeply satisfying entry in the ECM canon and a very auspicious debut". Brendon Griffin of PopMatters commented "If there's a flaw in The Door, it lies in the strength of its opening salvo, an usustainable flow of raw communication which dissipates as it plays out. Perhaps Eick should've apportioned the dynamism and intensity of those first three tracks more equitably, but then that might've diminished the law of first impressions. If those do indeed count, Mathias Eick is destined for as long, rich and triumphantly plaintive a career as any of their pedigree'd compatriots." John Kelman of All About Jazz added "With their warm tone, selfless allegiance to the collective, and personal nexus of lyrical form and freedom, Eick is the most important trumpeter to emerge from the Scandinavian scene since Henriksen and Molvær. Dogmatic in conception, The Door is all human in nature, delivering mightily on the promise of Eick's earlier ECM appearances."
Track listing
All compositions by Mathias Eick
"The Door" - 7:56
"Stavanger" - 6:59
"Cologne Blues" - 8:46
"October" - 4:40
"December" - 4:44
"Williamsburg" - 7:23
"Fly" - 4:35
"Porvoo" - 4:13
Recorded at Rainbow Studio in Oslo, Norway in September 2007.
Personnel
Mathias Eick - trumpet, guitar, vibraphone
Jon Balke - piano, Fender Rhodes
Audun Erlien - electric bass, guitar
Audun Kleive - drums, percussion
Stian Carstensen - pedal steel guitar (tracks 3-5)
References
ECM Records albums
Mathias Eick albums
2008 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
SuperX is a Linux distribution, a computer operating system originally developed in India. SuperX uses a tweaked version of KDE and is aimed towards beginners and casual users. SuperX features a new launcher made in QML that allows users to get a grid view of all icons of the installed applications in the system, the new launcher is called "SuperX App Launcher".
Name
The name SuperX is an acronym which bears its aim of providing a simple elegant computing experience
SuperX stands for "Simple, User friendly, Powerful, Energetic and Robust eXperience".
Philosophy
SuperX aims to be as simple and down-to-earth as possible avoiding bloat and unnecessary components. It aims to be as easy as possible for the non Linux users especially those who are coming from Microsoft Windows. The operating system embraces beginners, casual users and makes them feel at home. Simplicity doesn't mean feature-less. SuperX is as powerful and very handy for professionals and experts alike. The GNU utilities plus the software packages available are enough to be used for any task. SuperX is perfectly capable of being a desktop publishing setup, multimedia hub or even server. SuperX uses a tweaked version of KDE as its Graphical User Interface for providing a more polished, smooth and beautiful looking desktop experience which is delightful to use. SuperX is based on the Linux kernel with Hardware Enablement (HWE) for use on newer hardware and follows the Ubuntu LTS specifications. As a consequence, it is strong, stable and recovers quickly. It is virus and malware-free and no one can gain access to computer without knowledge. There is no need to defragment the hard-drive or clean up the registry every month, as all housekeeping is done by the operating system itself.
Features
A default installation of SuperX contains a wide range of software that includes LibreOffice, Firefox, Ktorrent, and several lightweight games such as Kpaitence and Kacman Many additional software packages are accessible from the built-in SuperX Appstore as well as any other APT-based package management tools. Many additional software packages that are no longer installed by default, are still accessible in the repositories still installable by the main tool or by any other APT-based package management tool. Cross-distribution snap packages and flatpaks are also available, that both allow installing software. The default file manager is Dolphin
All of the application software installed by default is free software. In addition, SuperX redistributes some hardware drivers that are available only in binary format, but such packages are clearly marked in the restricted component.
Technical Details
History
SuperX was first developed in Guwahati, the capital city of Assam in India by a high school student named Wrishiraj Kausik in 2007. Later they released the first public version of SuperX in 2011 and started a company to support and promote SuperX called Libresoft (Libresoft Technology Pvt. Ltd.). Libresoft along with its supporters, funds the development of SuperX and provides support to the users. Libresoft also organizes various public events to spread awareness about open-source software and computers in general.
Its first formal release, SuperX 1.0 "Galileo", was released to selected users on April 24, 2011 and was made available to the public as a free download on October 8, 2011. The second release, SuperX v1.1 "Cassini" was released on June 21, 2012. It is an LTS version with 5 years of support.
The latest version is 5.0 "Lamarr" which was released on May 2, 2019 based on Ubuntu 18.04 and KDE Neon code base. It features a highly modified KDE workspace. Version 5.0 updates in a much slower and predictable rate and thus Qt and KDE libraries maybe not be binary compatible with KDE Neon.
It comes with 4 years of security, maintenance and standard support of all the packages and will be supported until April 2023.
Funding
SuperX is a self-funded project of Libresoft Technology Pvt. Ltd. In 2017, Libresoft Technology Pvt. Ltd. and Assam Electronics Development Corporation Ltd. (AMTRON), the nodal agency for Government of Assam, signed an Memorandum of Understanding distributing and deploy SuperX across the state of Assam, giving Libresoft the contract for paid support services.
Application Installation
SuperX is based on KDE Neon which in turn is based on Ubuntu 18.04, which mean its supports most applications available for Ubuntu 18.04 and also follows the same commands as Ubuntu. It also ships with support for snaps and flatpacks out of the box. SuperX also have its own Appstore which have a very nice and intuitive interface to install and remove apps. However the repositories of SuperX are not 100% sync with Neon due to difference in release cycle.
System requirements
The recommended minimum system requirements for a desktop installation are as follows:
Release history
The following is the release history for SuperX:
References
Official SuperX Website URL
Official SuperX Forums URL
SuperX Distrowatch Page, Distrowatch.com URL
SuperX 2.0 Release announcement URL
Ubuntu derivatives
Linux distributions
"Miracle" is a song by the band Nonpoint, released as the first single from their sixth studio album, Miracle. The song was released to alternative and active rock radio stations on February 15, 2010. It was also made available for download on iTunes and other online music retailers on March 30. It features Chad Gray of Mudvayne fame contributing vocals during the song's chorus.
Meaning
Elias Soriano explained the meaning of the song saying "I wrote this song as a gigantic 'Fuck You' to all those that doubted this band's will and perseverance. It's for all the naysayers that tried to lead us into defeat, and the fans that have stood behind us for over ten years. It set the tone for the whole record. We're here to wage war on the airwaves, and to stop us is going to take a fucking miracle."
Music video
The song video was directed by Dale "Rage" Resteghini, whose credits include videos for Anthrax, Fall Out Boy, Lil Wayne, The Game, Busta Rhymes, Soulja Boy, and many others. Rage says, "Elias Soriano and I have known each other for a number of years but never had the chance to work together. When they sent me 'Miracle', I was blown away as I think this is one of, if not the best song Nonpoint has ever recorded.
Charts
References
2010 singles
2010 songs
Nonpoint songs
Music videos directed by Dale Resteghini
Billy Jim Baker is a professional clown and songwriter. A member of the International Clown Hall of Fame, they wrote two songs that were recorded by Jerry Jeff Walker, "Too Old to Change" (featured on the 1979 album of the same name) and "Contrary to Ordinary" (featured on the 1978 album of the same name). "Contrary to Ordinary" remains a staple of Walker's live shows.
In 1976, Billy Jim invited Walker and Texas author Bud Shrake to be guest clowns at a Ringling Bros. Barnum & Bailey performance in Houston. Reportedly, Shrake said to Walker, "Jacky-Jack, some invitations are too good to pass up", and they accepted the invitation. The back cover of "Contrary to Ordinary" features a photo, taken by Shrake's wife, of Jerry Jeff Walker in full rodeo clown attire.
Billy Jim sang the vocal on the English version of "The Ballad Of Fernando Valenzuela", a novelty song about the wildly popular, rookie pitcher for the L.A. Dodgers. The 45rpm single was released on Screwball Records, during the Fernandomania craze in 1981.
Mr. Baker was part of the Hee Haw cast in 1992 and 1993.
Mr. Baker also worked at Dollywood in Tennessee as a clown from 1984 until 1996. They were a central part of the cast of the "Silver Dollar Jamboree," the theme park's signature daily finale show at that time. In addition to playing the role of Elwood Smooch, Mr. Baker sang several songs, including a stirring version of "In the Garden."
Mr. Baker was inducted into the International Clown Hall of Fame in 2001.
Mr. Baker is currently (June 2009) working as a clown in the "Elwood Smooch's Choo Choo Cha Boogie Variety Show" at the Chattanooga Choo Choo in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tepilo is a UK-based online estate agent founded in 2009 by Sarah Beeny, a TV presenter on Channel 4 and digital product design studio, Codegent. Initially a free For Sale By Owner (FSBO) service, Tepilo re-launched in October 2013 as an online-only estate agent. In November 2016, Tepilo opened new headquarters in central London. As of December 2017, Northern and Shell took over running and the directorships of the company. In March 2018 it was sold to Emoov and became a subsidiary of Emoov. Emoov went into administration in December 2018. The Emoov brand and platform including Tepilo was acquired by Mashroom Ltd. in December 2018. Emoov relaunched under new management and new ownership in January 2019. Tepilo will relaunch in early 2019.
Subsidiary of Mashroom Ltd
Mashroom Ltd is a privately owned company and parent company of Tepilo.com and Emoov.co.uk. Mashroom announced they would relaunch the two websites as online estate agents in early 2019.
References
External links
Property companies based in London
Real estate companies established in 2009
British real estate websites
Property services companies of the United Kingdom
2009 establishments in the United Kingdom
Donald McNeil may refer to:
Donald McNeil (footballer) (born 1958), Scottish footballer
Donald G. McNeil Jr. (born 1954), American journalist
Donald C. MacNeil (1924–1978), Canadian politician
Svenska kulturfonden, or officially Stiftelsen för utbildning och kultur på svenska i Finland sr., is a Finnish foundation founded to promote Swedish language, Swedish-speaking culture in Finland and education. The core mission of the foundation is to promote Finland as a bilingual country by contributing financial aid to things such as arts and non-profit organisations that in turn promote the Swedish-speaking culture and Swedish language in Finland.
Mikaela Nylander has been the chairperson of the foundation since February 2020. Svenska Kulturfonden was founded in and as of today functions as an umbrella-organisation for around 490 individual foundations. The foundation's owner is Svenska litteratursällskapet i Finland, that manages the foundation's properties and assets, and it is very close to the Swedish People's Party. The party is the founder of Svenska Kulturfonden and nominates the board of the foundation.
The foundation's contributions amount to approx. 36 million euros annually and it receives close to 8000 applications. In March 2020 the foundation launched a new type of grant for artists hit by the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
External links
Swedish-speaking population of Finland
Foundations based in Finland
Organizations established in 1908
1908 establishments in Finland
Agnes Macready (1855–1935) was an Australian nurse and journalist.  They are considered Australia's first female war correspondent.
Life
Macready was born in 1855 in Rathfriland, Ireland, the eldest of five children of Jane and Henry Macready. The family emigrated to New South Wales when they were 12 years old. When they were 25 they began nursing training at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Sydney, followed by further training in Melbourne to become a surgical nurse.
In 1898 Macready began writing articles and poems, and creating drawings, for the Sydney newspaper The Catholic Press under the pen name Arrah Luen. Some of this work was reprinted in American and Irish newspapers.
Agnes was appointed as Matron at the Berrima District Cottage Hospital in the Southern Highland of New South Wales on 11 October 1894. They resigned from this post in December 1898.
On 24 October 1899, just two weeks after war was declared in South Africa, Macready bought their own steamship ticket and departed Sydney for Durban, keen to assist with nursing soldiers wounded in the Boer War. They arrived before the first contingent of Australian troops, and initially the British War Office told them that no nurses were needed in the country and advised to leave. However, they were also advised to apply to rural locations, which they did, and was offered a position at Fort Napier Military Hospital in Pietermaritzburg. They carried on to nurse in Ladysmith during and after the town's siege, Wyburg and Pretoria, and in a camp for Boer prisoners at Simon's Town.
Prior to leaving Sydney, The Catholic Press had commissioned Macready as a special correspondent, and they filed reports for the newspaper from South Africa on their experiences there. Them writing was often critical of the British and sympathetic to the Boers.
In September 1901 Macready returned to Sydney on a hospital ship, overseeing the nursing of wounded soldiers from Dawes Point, Sydney. They became matron of Wyalong Hospital, moving to Kurri Kurri Hospital in 1904. They continued to write for The Catholic Press.
References
Australian war correspondents
Australian military nurses
People of the Second Boer War
1855 births
1935 deaths
Northern Ireland emigrants to Australia
Nora Kershaw Chadwick CBE FSA FBA (28 January 1891 – 24 April 1972) was an English philologist who specialized in Anglo-Saxon, Celtic and Old Norse studies.
Early life and education
Nora Kershaw was born in Lancashire in 1891, the first daughter of James Kershaw and Emma Clara Booth, married in 1888. Them sister Mabel was born in 1895.
They received their undergraduate degree from Newnham College at the University of Cambridge (where they were later an Honorary Life Fellow) and lectured at St Andrews during World War I. They returned to Cambridge in 1919 to study Anglo-Saxon and Old Norse under Professor Hector Munro Chadwick. They were married in 1922.
The Chadwicks turned their home into a literary salon, a tradition which Mrs. Chadwick maintained after the death of their husband in 1947.
Career
Most of their life was spent on research, in their later years primarily on the Celts. They were University Lecturer in the Early History and Culture of the British Isles at the University of Cambridge from 1950 to 1958. They received honorary degrees from the University of Wales, the National University of Ireland and the University of St Andrews, and was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1961. In 1965 they delivered the British Academy's Sir John Rhŷs Memorial Lecture.
Chadwick took an interdisciplinary approach and wrote on many topics; they demonstrated influentially the study of multiple "early cultures of north-west Europe" and brought comparative evidence to bear on heroic literature. Nora Chadwick is best known for their work on the Celts, particularly on the earliest period.
Bequest
Nora Chadwick died in Cambridge; they left a sum to the University of Cambridge to endow a readership in Celtic Studies.
Publications
They published the first full English translation of Hervarar saga ok Heiðreks together with other sagas and ballads in Stories and Ballads of the Far Past (1921), as well as a translation of the poem Hlöðskviða found within Heidrik's saga.
, e-text
With their husband, they published the three volume work The Growth of Literature between 1932–40.
They also wrote The Beginnings of Russian History, an enquiry into sources (1946).
Chadwick collaborated with V. M. Zhirmunsky on a revision of the part of volume III that deals with epic poetry in Central Asian languages. The revised text was published separately in 1969 as Oral Epics of Central Asia.
In 1955 they published Poetry and Letters in early Christian Gaul.
Chadwick wrote about Celtic Britain and Breton history, and collaborated with Myles Dillon and Kenneth H. Jackson.
Early Scotland (1949); Introduction, pages xi–xxvi, by Nora Kershaw Chadwick
Studies in Early British History (editor and co-author, 1954)
Celtic Britain (ancient people and places) (1963)
The Age of Saints in the Celtic Church (1964)
The Colonization of Brittany from Celtic Britain (1965)
The Druids (1966)
The Celtic Realms (1967, with Myles Dillon)
The Celts (1970, with an introductory chapter by Dr. J.X.W.P. Corcoran: 'The Origins of the Celts: The Archaeological Evidence') 1997 pbk edition
On Anglo-Saxon language and literature:
The Study of Anglo-Saxon (1955, with their husband)
"The Monsters and Beowulf" (1960), in which they suggest that the monsters in Beowulf are drawn entirely from Scandinavian tradition.
A list of the publications of Hector and Nora Chadwick was printed for their 80th birthday in 1971.
References
External links
British medievalists
Women medievalists
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of St Andrews
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Fellows of the British Academy
1891 births
1972 deaths
English philologists
Anglo-Saxon studies scholars
Germanic studies scholars
Old Norse studies scholars
Celtic studies scholars
British women historians
British salon-holders
Lircay may refer to:
Places
Lircay, Capital city of the Angaraes province of Peru
Lircay River, a small river near the city of Talca, in the Maule Region of Chile.
Historical events
Treaty of Lircay (May 14, 1814) - Cease fire treaty signed during the Chilean War of Independence
Battle of Lircay (April 17, 1830) - Final battle of the Chilean Civil War of 1829
Scorched Earth () is a 1969 Norwegian drama film directed by Knut Andersen. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a diploma.
Cast
Rolf Søder as Hekki Haldonen
Anne-Lise Tangstad as Alma, Heikkis kone
Kåre Tannvik as Ivar
Tove Andreassen as Anne
Brith Henriksen as Lilly
Bonne Gauguin as Bestemoren
Solfrid Heier as Herdis
Arne Lindtner Næss as Ilja
Reiner Brönneke as Offiseren
Bernt Erik Larssen as Adjutanten
Dagmar Myhrvold as Herdis' bestemor
Egil Hjorth-Jenssen as Herdis' bestefar
References
External links
1969 films
1969 drama films
1960s Norwegian-language films
Norwegian drama films
Films directed by Knut Andersen
Alejandro "Àlex" Gómez Comes, (born 8 October 1972) is a Spanish football manager.
Before starting their senior coaching career in Hong Kong, they have held various positions the youth academy of FC Barcelona.
Coaching career
Born in L'Ametlla de Mar, Tarragona, Catalonia, Gómez started coaching at La Masia, the youth academy of FC Barcelona, in 2007.
In the summer of 2011, Gómez was appointed as the coach of Barça's Alevín C.
Kitchee
Gómez signed a 1-year contract with Hong Kong top-tier division club Kitchee on 21 May 2013, with their contract formally starts on 30 June 2013. Their arrival to Kitchee was due to former coach Josep Gombau's departure to A-League club Adelaide United.
However, Gómez left Kitchee in November 2013.
Managerial stats
References
Living people
Spanish football managers
Sportspeople from the Province of Tarragona
1972 births
Kitchee SC managers
Alex Gomez
FC Barcelona non-playing staff
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Spanish expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Hong Kong
Expatriate football managers in Thailand
Mexican Bus Ride (original title in , "Ascent to Heaven") is a 1952 Mexican comedy film directed by Luis Buñuel and starring Lilia Prado. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot
Much like the film The Illusion Rides the Tram, directed by Buñuel two years later, focuses on a tram ride, this film is essentially about a bus ride.
When Oliverio's mother is dying, they want to quickly write a will so that the youngest son gets their share and the two older brothers don't collect everything. Because their mother is too weak to travel, Oliverio is supposed to bring a notary from the city to them So they take the bus, but the journey is constantly interrupted by unforeseen events. These interruptions affect all aspects of life; a birth as well as a funeral and a breakdown when the bus hits a river and breaks down. The most pleasant companion for Oliverio on this journey is the seductive Raquel. In the end, Oliverio returns to their mother, who has died in the meantime, without the notary, but can still secure their share of the inheritance by means of a fingerprint under the will they want.
Cast
Lilia Prado as Raquel
Esteban Márquez as Oliverio Grajales
Luis Aceves Castañeda as Silvestre
Manuel Dondé as Eladio Gonzales
Roberto Cobo as Juan
Beatriz Ramos as Elisa
Manuel Noriega
Roberto Meyer as Don Nemesio Álvarez y Villalbazo
Pedro Elviro
Leonor Gómez as Doña Linda
References
External links
1952 films
1950s Spanish-language films
Mexican black-and-white films
1952 comedy films
Films directed by Luis Buñuel
Mexican comedy films
1950s Mexican films
Keith Holliday (6 April 1934 – 9 March 2017) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s, and coached in the 1960s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and Yorkshire (captain), and at club level for Eastmoor ARLFC, Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 600) (captain), and Bramley, as a , or , i.e. number 3 or 4, 6, or 7, and coached at club level for Bramley.
Background
Keith Holliday's birth was registered in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England, they were a pupil at Cathedral School, Wakefield, they worked as a plumber at Wakefield Corporation , they died aged 82 in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, and their funeral took place at Wakefield Crematorium, Crigglestone, Wakefield at 11am on Monday 3 April 2017.
Playing career
Wakefield Trinity career
One of the most under-rated players in Wakefield Trinity's history is three-time Wembley winner, Keith Holliday. The wily scrum half was one of the club's great servants and ranks sixth on the club's all-time appearance list, with ten winner's medals, as well as county and international recognition.
Holliday's Trinity career spanned fourteen years (1952–66); they played 438 times. Only Neil Fox has played more post-war Trinity games. They were an outstanding local product and arrived at Wakefield Trinity via Cathedral School and Eastmoor ARLFC. They progressed through the intermediate and A-teams before making their début in the first match of the 1952–53 season, scoring a try in a 30–21 victory over Doncaster.
Holliday made steady progress, starting out as a stand off and alternating in the centres and within four years of their début, they represented Great Britain, partnering Don Fox, in an unofficial 18–10 victory over France at Odsal Stadium, Bradford in 1956. They added to their representative honours a season later when they were stand off for Yorkshire, in defeat by Cumberland at Recreation Ground (Whitehaven), Whitehaven.
By the late 1950s, Trinity were coming out of the wilderness on the domestic front, reaching their first major final in five years. A 23–5 Yorkshire Cup Final victory over Hunslet gave Keith the first of their cup winner's medals in 1956. They had now formed a formidable half back partnership with Ken Rollin, and it was not until 1958 when they moved to scrum half when Harold Poynton became their half back partner.
The try-maker turned try scorer with two scorching tries at Wembley in 1960, when Trinity defeated Hull FC, 38–5 to win the RL Challenge Cup. It was the first of three Challenge Cup winners medals for Keith as they were at scrum half, again, in 1962 and 1963 which went alongside four Yorkshire League Championship winners medals (1959, 1960, 1962 and 1966) and two further Yorkshire Cup winners medals (1961–62 and 1964–65). They were also one win away from the League Championship on two occasions after final losses in 1960 and 1962; Keith playing in nine major finals for Trinity, winning six.
Keith remained the major tradesman at scrum half throughout the early 1960s, the club being one win away from winning ‘All Four Cups' on 1961–62 and being rewarded with a testimonial season in 1962–63. They gained their second county cap in 1961, captaining Yorkshire in defeat by Lancashire at Hilton Park, Leigh. They moved to loose forward in 1964 before playing their last game for Trinity, in defeat by Hull, in March 1966. They then moved to Bramley as player coach.
They finished their career with 94 tries and was also club captain in the 1957–58 season, being voted the supporter's player of the years two years running in 1961–62 and 1962–63 … a true club legend. They were inducted into the club's Hall of Fame in 2015.
International honours
Keith Holliday played for Great Britain while at Wakefield Trinity in the 18–10 victory over France (non-Test match) at Odsal Stadium, Bradford in 1956.
Along with Billy Banks, Ted Cahill, Gordon Haynes, Billy Ivison, Bob Kelly, John McKeown, George Parsons and Ted Slevin, Keith Holliday's only Great Britain appearance came against France prior to 1957, these matches were not considered as Test matches by the Rugby Football League, and consequently caps were not awarded.
County honours
Keith Holliday was selected for Yorkshire County XIII while at Wakefield Trinity during the 1956–57 season.
Championship Final appearances
Keith Holliday played in Wakefield Trinity's 3–27 defeat by Wigan in the Rugby Football League Championship Final during the 1959–60 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960.
County League appearances
Keith Holliday played in Wakefield Trinity's victories in the Yorkshire county league during the 1958–59 season (captain), 1959–60 season, 1961–62 season and 1962–63 season.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Keith Holliday played , and scored 2-tries in Wakefield Trinity's 38–5 victory over Hull F.C. in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup Final during the 1959–60 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 14 May 1960, in front of a crowd of 79,773, played in the 12–6 victory over Huddersfield in the 1961–62 Challenge Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 12 May 1962, in front of a crowd of 81,263, and played in the 25–10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup Final during the 1962–63 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1963, in front of a crowd of 84,492.
County Cup Final appearances
Keith Holliday played in Wakefield Trinity's 23–5 victory over Hunslet in the 1956–57 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1956–57 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 20 October 1956, played in the 20–24 defeat by Leeds in the 1958–59 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1958–59 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 18 October 1958, played in the 19–9 victory over Leeds in the 1961–62 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 11 November 1961, and played in the 18–2 victory over Leeds in the 1964–65 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1964–65 season at Fartown, Huddersfield on Saturday 31 October 1964.
Notable tour matches
Keith Holliday played left-, i.e. number 4, in Wakefield Trinity's 17–12 victory over Australia in the 1956–57 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France match at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Monday 10 December 1956.
Testimonial match
Keith Holliday's Testimonial match at Wakefield Trinity took place against Huddersfield in 1962.
Contemporaneous article extract
"Wakefield Trinity have a proud record in grooming local talent, and there is an illustrious line of players who have come, over the years, via Trinity's own Junior teams from Wakefield City Schools' football. Keith Holliday is one of them. Their career started at the Cathedral School, then on to Eastmoor Juniors and Trinity's own "Nursery" before signing for the Club in 1952. Gained Yorkshire county honours and a Great Britain place against France at off-half, and had experience also at centre for their Club before changing to the scrum-half berth. Captain of Trinity in their Yorkshire League success of 1958–9".
Genealogical information
Keith Holliday's marriage to Betty (née Simpson, death circa 18 August 2019) was registered during first ¼ 1956 in Lower Agbrigg district. They had 3 children; the future who played 8-matches during the 1980–81 season for Wakefield Trinity, Barry Holliday (birth registered during second ¼ in Wakefield district), Lestrene Holliday (birth registered 21 July in Wakefield district), the mother of Luke Patel, a cricketer who played 7 first-class matches from 2010-13, and Kevin Holliday (birth registered during third ¼ in Wakefield district). At the time of their death, Keith Holliday had six grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
References
External links
!Great Britain Statistics at englandrl.co.uk (statistics currently missing due to not having appeared for both Great Britain, and England)
Video "Rugby League Cup Final 1960" at britishpathe.com
Video "Wakefield Win Cup 1962" at britishpathe.com
Video "Rugby League Final 1963" at britishpathe.com
1934 births
2017 deaths
Bramley R.L.F.C. coaches
Bramley RLFC players
English rugby league coaches
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Wakefield
Wakefield Trinity captains
Wakefield Trinity players
Yorkshire rugby league team players
State Route 229 (SR 229) is an east-west state highway in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio. The western terminus of State Route 229 is at a T-intersection with State Route 47 just south of the village limits of Waldo. Its eastern terminus is more than to the east at a T-intersection with U.S. Route 36 about west of the village of Nellie.
Route description
State Route 229 runs through portions of five counties: Marion, Delaware, Morrow, Knox and Coshocton. No part of this state highway is included within the National Highway System, a system of highways deemed most vital to the nation's economy, mobility and defense.
History
When it was first established in 1930, State Route 229 ran from its junction with State Route 61 west of Marengo to downtown Mount Vernon. In 1937, the highway was extended on the western end to a new endpoint at U.S. Route 23 south of Waldo. Two years later, State Route 229 was extended again, this time on the east side, to its current eastern terminus in extreme western Coshocton County west of Nellie at what was then State Route 715, which would later trade alignments with U.S. Route 36. By 1974, the route officially took on the routing that it has today when it was extended slightly on the western end, running a short distance west of the U.S. Route 23 expressway before turning north onto the former two-lane alignment of U.S. Route 23, and following that roadway up to its current western terminus just south of Waldo where State Route 47 comes in and takes over the old routing of U.S. Route 23.
Major intersections
References
External links
State Route 229 Endpoint Photos
229
Transportation in Delaware County, Ohio
Transportation in Marion County, Ohio
Transportation in Morrow County, Ohio
Transportation in Knox County, Ohio
Transportation in Coshocton County, Ohio
is a song by Japanese band Tokio. It was one of the two A-sides that composed the band's 39th single, along with the song "Akireru Kurai Bokura wa Negaō". The single was released on September 3, 2008, and was their first release with J Storm. "Amagasa" was written by Japanese rock musician Ringo Sheena. In 2014, Sheena covered the two songs they wrote for the single, "Amagasa" and "Kachū no Otoko", for their album Gyakuyunyū: Kōwankyoku.
Background and development
Tokio's 2006 single "Sorafune" was a hit, being certified by the RIAJ for 1,000,000 ringtone downloads. The song was written by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, and acted as the theme song for the drama My Boss My Hero, starring Tomoya Nagase. Since then, Tokio has had several singles written by musicians famous in their own right, such as "Hikari no Machi" by Yoshihiro Kai, another song by Miyuki Nakajima called "Honjitsu, Mijukumono" and "Seisyun", which was written by Tsuyoshi Nagabuchi.
Ringo Sheena had previously worked with musicians Ryōko Hirosue and Rie Tomosaka between 1998 and 2000, writing and producing music for them. This single was the first time in eight years that they had written music for another musical act. "Amagasa" / "Akireru Kurai Bokura wa Negaō" was Tokio's first single released under J Storm. From their debut in 1994 until 2001, Tokio had worked with Sony Music Entertainment Japan, before moving to Universal Music Japan with the single "Doitsu mo Koitsu mo" / "Boku no Mirai" (2001).
Writing and production
The two songs on the single written by Ringo Sheena, "Amagasa" and "Kachū no Otoko", featured their band at the time Tokyo Jihen performing the song arrangement. Sheena felt that because both Tokio and Tokyo Jihen are structured in the same way (i.e. both are rock bands with instrument players), it was easy to give the songs added flair. "Amagasa" took eight hours to record, as Tomoya Nagase felt very nervous recording for Sheena. They used polite honorifics when talking to her, as they accidentally thought that they were older than him. The chorus is sung in a high key that Nagase found difficult to sing, however even though they were struggling, Sheena felt that it sounded fine, as they wanted the changing key effect.
Of the other songs on the single, "Akireru Kurai Bokura wa Negaō" by producer her0ism, and the song "Jōshō Shikō" was sung by Taichi Kokubun on lead vocals.
Promotion and release
"Amagasa" was used as the theme song for the NTV drama Yasuko to Kenji, which starred Tokio member Masahiro Matsuoka as the titular Kenji. This was the ninth single released by the band that was a drama theme song for a drama starring a member of Tokio, after "Furarete Genki" (1997) for Psychometrer Eiji, "Love & Peace" (1998) for Love & Peace, "Ai no Arashi" (1999) for Psychometrer Eiji 2, "Hanauta" (2002) for Nurse Man, "Transistor G (Glamour) Girl" (2004) for Kanojo ga Shinjatta, "Jibun no Tame ni" (2004) for Nurse Man ga Yuku, "Sorafune" (2006) for My Boss My Hero, and "Honjitsu, Mijukumono" for Juken no Kamisama. "Amagasa" was performed live at Music Station three times. First on September 5, then the following week on September 12, and also at the New Years special on December 26, 2008. The song was also performed at the Fuji TV FNS Kayōsai on December 3, 2008.
Additionally, "Akireru Kurai Bokura wa Negaō" was used as an ending theme song for Tokio's Fuji Television variety show Mentore G. It was used from May 11, 2008 until the program's final airing on September 14, 2008.
Track listings
Chart rankings
Sales
Release history
References
2008 singles
2008 songs
Japanese-language songs
Japanese television drama theme songs
J Storm singles
Ringo Sheena songs
Songs written by Ringo Sheena
Tokio (band) songs
Jason Sherlock (born 10 January 1976 in Dublin) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played at senior level for the Dublin county team between 1995 and 2010. They played most of their club football for Na Fianna in Glasnevin in the northern suburbs of Dublin. Sherlock was on the Na Fianna team which won the Dublin Championship in 1999, 2000 and 2001. In January 2007, they transferred to the nearby St. Oliver Plunkett GAA.
Early life
Sherlock was born and raised in Finglas on the northside of Dublin, the son of an Irish mother and a father from Hong Kong. They were educated at St. Vincent's C.B.S.
Playing career
Sherlock made their debut for Dublin in their All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning year, 1995, at the age of 19. They were responsible for crucial scores in the All-Ireland semi-final and final against Cork and Tyrone respectively.
Sherlock also played professional football for UCD and signed for Shamrock Rovers in August 1998 becoming the club's top goalscorer in their first season. While at UCD they scored 31 Leagues of Ireland goals and made one appearance for the Republic of Ireland U21s.
During this time they played basketball before eventually deciding in 2003 to concentrate on football only; since then they have regained their place on the Dublin team. They were part of the 2005 Leinster Senior Football Championship-winning side that defeated Laois, scoring a total of two points in the final. They finished the 2005 Leinster and All-Ireland Championship with a total of one goal and six points compared to their total of one goal and one point in the 2005 National Football League. They finished the 2006 National Football League with one point due to a lack of first-team football. They scored the vital goal in the 2006 Leinster Final against Offaly and their experience was a telling factor throughout the game.
They were nominated for an Star Award for their 2006 performances in the half forward line. Sherlock was rumoured to be seeking a transfer from Na Fianna to local rivals Plunkett's. Sherlock is now playing with St Oliver Plunketts.
Sherlock was on Dublin's winning team for the 2008 O'Byrne Cup winning team which defeated Longford in the final. They proved to be the hero of the game by coming on as a substitute and scoring two goals to steal victory against Longford in the dying moments of the game.
Dublin went on to win the Leinster championship for the fourth successive time, but were defeated by Tyrone in the All-Ireland quarter-final. Following Dublin's shattering defeat at the hands of Kerry in the All-Ireland quarter-final on 3 August 2009, Sherlock was thinking about hanging their boots up but Pat Gilroy persuaded them to stay. Despite their planned retirement Sherlock was considering giving the 2010 inter-county championship another go. In May 2010, Gilroy decided to call time on Sherlock after spending 15 years on the panel.
Sherlock announced their retirement from football on 1 June 2013.
National League appearances
Championship appearances
Honours
League of Ireland First Division
UCD 1994/95
League of Ireland First Division Shield
UCD 1994/95
Leinster Senior Cup (football): 2
UCD 1994/95, 1995/96
References
External links
GAA Info Profile
1976 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Dublin inter-county Gaelic footballers
Gaelic footballers who switched code
Gaelic football forwards
Irish people of Hong Kong descent
Irish sportspeople of Asian descent
League of Ireland players
Na Fianna Gaelic footballers
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Republic of Ireland under-21 international footballers
RTÉ television presenters
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh Gaelic footballers
20th-century Irish people
21st-century Irish people
University College Dublin A.F.C. players
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
People educated at St. Vincent's C.B.S., Glasnevin
Bellport High School is the public high school for the South Country Central School District, which is located in Suffolk County, Long Island in the United States. It serves students in grades 9-12 in Bellport, East Patchogue, Brookhaven Hamlet and parts of Medford and North Bellport. The principal is Erika Della Rosa. It is preceded by Bellport Middle School.
Academics
According to 2007 data, 75.8% of Bellport graduates earn a New York State Regent's diploma. 51.6% of graduates plan to attend 4 year college, and 33.2% plan to attend a 2-year college, usually Suffolk County Community College.
Advanced Placement courses are offered in European History, U.S. History, U.S. Government and Politics, English Language and Composition, English Literature and Composition, Calculus, Statistics, Art, Art History, Music Theory, Chemistry, Physics, Biology and Environmental Science.
Sports
State titles were won in Boys Basketball in 1980, Boys Football in 1982 and 2001, and Boys Cross Country in 1964. The school offers a wide range of both Junior Varsity and Varsity sports.
The Girls Volleyball team clinched their first Class "A" Championship during the 2010 season, making their first ever trip to States where they lost in the first round.
The Wrestling team had huge success in the late 1990s winning the League Dual Meet Titles in 1997 and 1998, as well as winning the League Tournament Title in 1997.
The Boys Cross Country Team won League Titles in 1992, led by James Fuoco and James Arnold, 1996, 1998, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2011. In 1998, they won their first Division title in school history. A Division title was also won in 2006.
The Boys Track team won League Titles in 1990, 1991, 1992, and 1993.
The Dance Team has brought home second place from NDA Nationals in Orlando Florida two years in a row, 2013 and 2014.
References
Public high schools in New York (state)
Schools in Suffolk County, New York
Jerry Ellison is a former professional American football player who played running back for five seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and New England Patriots.
References
1971 births
American football running backs
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
New England Patriots players
Chattanooga Mocs football players
Living people
is a private women's junior college in Fukui, Fukui, Japan, established in 1965.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1965
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukui Prefecture
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
Fukui (city)
1965 establishments in Japan
William Henry Schroeder (April 11, 1923 – December 9, 2003) was an American professional two-sport athlete, playing both football and basketball during the 1940s.
A two-sport standout for the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Schroeder then played two seasons in the All-America Football Conference for the Chicago Rockets (1946, 1947) after serving in World War II. They played in 26 career games. On the hardwood, Schroeder competed in the National Basketball League for the Sheboygan Red Skins during the 1946–47 season and averaged 1.7 points per game. After their professional sports careers ended, Schroeder worked as an insurance salesperson.
References
1923 births
2003 deaths
American football halfbacks
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Wisconsin
Chicago Rockets players
Forwards (basketball)
Guards (basketball)
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Sheboygan Red Skins players
Sportspeople from Sheboygan, Wisconsin
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Wisconsin Badgers men's basketball players
Steven J. Spear is a Senior Lecturer at MIT's Sloan School of Management and Senior Fellow at the Institute for Healthcare Improvement. As a Researcher and Author, they are the recipient of the McKinsey Award and five Shingo Prizes. Their book, The High Velocity Edge, won both the Shingo Prize for Excellence in Manufacturing Research and Philip Crosby Medal from the American Society for Quality (ASQ).
Their research and publications on "Decoding the DNA of the Toyota Product System" have been credited with "shaping the thinking, conversation and understanding for how organizations achieve and sustain high performance". The "4 Capabilities" and their underlying "Rules in Use" have influenced numerous Management Systems from Intel, Lockheed Martin, Intuit, Novelis, Alcoa, Memorial Sloan Kettering, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Pittsburgh Regional Healthcare Initiative, US Army's Rapid Equipping Force, US Navy, and DLA Distribution.
According to Clayton Christensen, the former Kim B. Clark Professor of Business Administration at the Harvard Business School (HBS): “I honestly think that history will judge Steve Spear's doctoral thesis [on the Toyota Production System] to have been the finest, most impactful thesis ever written at the Harvard Business School, and that includes my own doctoral work on the phenomenon known as disruptive technology.”
Early life and education
Steven J. Spear received their doctorate from Harvard Business School, a Master's in Engineering and in Management from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a Bachelor's degree in Economics from Princeton. They credit much of their early success to Professor H. Kent Bowen of the Harvard Business School due to them helping open the door to pursue graduate studies at the doctoral level.
Another major influence on them was Hajime Ohba of Toyota, who allowed Spear to "learn from their experiences and the perspectives they had developed or when they coached me toward discoveries of my own." In addition, Professors Carliss Baldwin and Clayton Christensen "were constant with their inspiration and support". Carliss' influence on Steve's "treatment of the structure of complex systems and Clay's influence when I write about the dynamics of innovative competitors".
Work
Steven J. Spear's work has been acknowledged with five Shingo Prizes and a McKinsey award from Harvard Business Review. Their “Decoding the DNA of the Toyota Production System” and “Learning to Lead at Toyota” are part of the vocabulary for high performance organizations. Their “Fixing Healthcare from the Inside, Today” and articles in Annals of Internal Medicine and Academic Medicine have been on the forefront in healthcare improvement. He's contributed to the Boston Globe and New York Times and has appeared on Bloomberg and CBS. They have influenced some of the largest organizations from Intel, Lockheed Martin, Intuit, Novelis, Alcoa, Memorial Sloan Kettering, and the Department of Defense.
Their work is focused on two dimensions that separate "high velocity organizations" from their competition: structure and dynamics. As discussed above, these two dimensions were influenced by Carliss Baldwin and Clayton Christensen.
Paul H. O'Neill has described Spear's research as "contain(ing) ideas that form the basis for structured continuous learning and improvement in every aspect of our lives."
Honors and awards
2011 Philip Crosby Medal from the American Society for Quality (ASQ) for The High Velocity Edge.
2009 Shingo Prize for Chasing the Rabbit.
2006 Shingo Prize for "Fixing Healthcare from the inside, Today.
2005 McKinsey Award for "Fixing Healthcare from the inside, Today".
2005 Shingo Prize for "Learning to Lead at Toyota".
2004 Shingo Prize for "The Essence of Just-In-Time: Embedding Diagnostic Tests in Work-Systems to Achieve Operational Excellence".
2000 Shingo Prize for "Decoding the DNA of the Toyota Production System".
Bibliography
The High Velocity Edge. Spear, Steven J. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill, 2010.
"Fixing Healthcare from the Inside: Teaching Residents to Heal Broken Delivery Processes as they Heal Sick Patients." Spear, Steven J. Academic Medicine Vol. 81, No. 10 (2006): S144-S149.
"Fast Discovery." Steven J. Spear. London, UK: January 2017.
"Beyond the Jargon: Architecture, Process, and Clinical Care." McGuire, Kevin J., and Steven J. Spear. Spine Vol. 40, No. 16 (2015): 1243-1246.
"Reinventing Healthcare Delivery." Steven J. Spear. London, UK: May 2012.
"Using Real-Time Problem-Solving to Eliminate Central Line Infections." Shannon, Richard P., Diane Frndak, Naida Grunden, Jon C. Lloyd, Cheryl Herbert, Bhavin Patel, Daniel Cummins, Alexander H. Shannon, Paul H. O'Neill, and Steven J. Spear. The Joint Commission Journal on Quality and Patient Safety Vol. 32, No. 9 (2006): 479-487.
"Operational Failures and Interruptions in Hospital Nursing." Tucker, Anita L., and Steven J. Spear. Health Services Research Vol. 41, No. 3p1 (2006): 643-662.
"The Health Factory." Spear, Steven J. The New York Times, August 29, 2005.
"Ambiguity and Workarounds as Contributors to Medical Error." Spear, Steven J., and Mark Schmidhofer. Annals of Internal Medicine Vol. 142, No. 8 (2005): 627-630.
"Medical Education as a Process Management Problem." Armstrong, Elizabeth G., Marie Mackey, and Steven J. Spear. Academic Medicine Vol. 79, No. 8 (2004): 721-728.
"Driving Improvement in Patient Care: Lessons from Toyota." Thompson, Debra N., Gail A. Wolf, and Steven J. Spear. Journal of Nursing Administration Vol. 33, No. 11 (2003): 585-595.
"The Essence of Just-in-Time: Embedding Diagnostic Tests in Work-Systems to Achieve Operational Excellence." Spear, Steven J. Production Planning and Control Vol. 13, No. 8 (2002): 754-767.
"When Problem-Solving Prevents Organizational Learning." Tucker, Anita L., Amy C. Edmondson, and Steven J. Spear. Journal of Organizational Change Management Vol. 15, No. 2 (2002): 122-137.
"The Toyota Production System: An Example of Managing Complex Social/Technical Systems." Spear, Steven J. Harvard University, 1999.
References
MIT Sloan School of Management faculty
Princeton University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
1965 births
Living people
Nelio is a name. Notable people with the name include:
Given name
Nélio José Nicolai (1940-2017), Brazilian electrotechnician who invented caller ID
Nélio (footballer, born 1943), full name Nélio dos Santos Pereira, Brazilian football midfielder
Nelio Dallolio (fl. 1948-1950), American college football head coach
Nélio (footballer, born 1971), full name Nélio da Silva Melo, Brazilian football midfielder
Surname
Daniel López Nelio (1949-2004), Mexican politician
MSC Preziosa is a owned and operated by MSC Cruises. They entered service in March 2013.  They are an enhanced version of their first two class memberships, and , and is identical to the previous MSC Divina. They debuted on 13 March as the fourth ship in the Fantasia class.
MSC Preziosa was constructed from 2010 to 2013 at the STX shipyard in St. Nazaire, France, and was delivered in March 2013, being named MSC Preziosa while under construction in 2012. They have a capacity of 3,502 passengers in 1,310 outside cabins and 327 inside cabins, who are accommodated with a crew complement of 1,370. They were the 13th cruise ship of the MSC Cruises line.
Specifications and amenities
MSC Preziosa is long, the moulded breadth of the hull being and the draught at . They accommodate up to 3,502 passengers with a crew complement of 1,325. They have 13 passenger decks, which contain 1,310 outside cabins and 327 inside cabins. Them speed is quoted at .
The ship has 14 passenger decks and 1,751 staterooms. 80% of the rooms have an ocean view, with 95% of the ocean view staterooms having a veranda. The cabins include balcony cabins, ocean view cabins, inside cabins, and cabins for people with disabilities. All rooms are furnished with a double bed with easy conversion into two single beds. Standard amenities include interactive television, mini-bar, safe, and air conditioning. Public facilities include seven restaurants, 20 bars and lounges, four swimming pools, a bowling alley, and a gymnasium. A spa is located on deck 14. The theatre accommodates 1,600 guests. The sports arena offers sports like basketball, volleyball, tennis, and a 235-meter jogging track. A Smurf-themed play area is located on deck 15 in a dedicated children's area. Preziosa and their identical sister ship Divina have more powerful and efficient electric propulsion motors, more efficient alternators and more advanced heating, ventilation & air conditioning controls, and chillers than their predecessors in the class. Rolls-Royce folding fin stabilizers were fitted to reduce roll while cruising.
The ship's drivetrain is the more efficient diesel/electric, powered by five Wärtsilä diesel engines. The engines produce low nitrous oxide emissions, using low-sulphur fuel. The engines turn alternators producing electricity. Propulsion is by two GE Energy Power Conversion electric motors with each giving 21,850 kW at 138 rpm. Redundancy is provided, with the two fully independent electric motors each turning a fixed propeller on a conventional propeller shaft. The two propellers are fully independent, ensuring propulsion if one fails. The same approach was applied to the two fully independent steering systems. A further advantage of using electric motors to turn the propellers is in small sunshine ports. Each propeller is controlled individually, and quickly, for ease of ship maneuverability along with the four bow thrusters. The need for tugs while in the many ports of call is greatly reduced. Two of the five engines have 16 cylinders each with an output of 16,800 kW and the remaining three engines have 12 cylinders each producing 12,600 kW. Total power generated is 71,400 kW at 514 rpm. Incinerators are used for burning waste. The ashes are stored onboard and removed when in port. The waste heat from the incineration is reclaimed. Solid waste is not discharged into the sea. An advanced wastewater treatment plant treats all solid waste. The hull is treated with an anti-fouling coating system preventing hull fouling reducing drag and improving fuel consumption. Energy savings from innovative technology was introduced significantly reducing greenhouse gas production. Energy-saving LED lighting is used throughout the ship. In the cabins, an average energy saving of 25% is achieved. A simple system automatically switches all energy-using devices off in the cabins, such as the main light, bathroom light, socket-outlets, and hair dryers whenever the cabin is empty. A Cabin Monitoring System regulates air conditioning in all cabins allowing guests to set their own cabin temperature. Centralized air-conditioning control is replaced with local cabin control significantly reducing energy waste. The control extends to when the balcony door is open or the cabin card is not in place the cooling system is switched off. A seawater distillation plant produces all the freshwater needed onboard using two evaporators and two reverse osmosis plants. The ship does not pump onboard water from shore water stations. The highly efficient evaporators are completely pollution-free using a system of free heat recovery as the power source.
Service history
Construction
MSC Preziosa construction began in 2010 and was completed in March 2013. On 4 June 2010, a letter of intent was signed between STX France and Libyan state-owned company General National Maritime Transport Corporation (GNMTC), to build the Phoenicia, a cruise ship similar to MSC Fantasia and MSC Splendida. The Corporation ordered the ship at the behest of Hannibal Gaddafi, the fourth son of Muammar Gaddafi, to start a luxury cruising industry in the country. The original design was to include many of the facilities found on other Fantasia Class vessels, but the ship would also include a large aquarium tank containing six sharks. During construction, the Libyan Civil War broke out in February 2011, and in June 2011, STX France canceled the contract and began looking for a new buyer for the hull. On 13 March 2012, MSC announced it had reached an agreement to buy the ship for 550 million euros with specification to be identical to MSC Divina, naming the vessel Preziosa. A year later, the Preziosa was delivered to MSC Cruises. They were christened by their godmother, Sophia Loren, also godmother of the vessel's sister ship . They set sail on their maiden voyage from the western France port of Saint Nazaire. In March 2016, the company partnered with Technogym for a wellness program that included MSC Preziosa. As of February 2017, they were the first ship to be retrofitted with exhaust gas cleaning systems, alongside , and received an EU marine equipment directive certificate from Bureau Veritas after passing the MARPOL test. In April 2019, the dining area of the ship was enhanced, while in October, De Jorio Design added Italian interior designs to the ship. In February 2019, the ship was planned for deployment in the United Kingdom in 2021 for refurbishment.
Destinations
The pre-inaugural voyage started in St. Nazaire and ended in Genoa. They called in Lisbon (Portugal), Cadiz (Spain), Casablanca (Morocco), Valencia (Spain), and Marseille (France), before arriving in the port of Genoa on 22 March. Between winter 2013 and spring 2014, MSC Preziosa was operating on South America cruises from Santos. Its destination calls in March 2015 in Tunisia were cancelled due to the terrorist attack in Sousse. In April 2014, it navigated in the Canale della Giudecca, in Venice, Italy. Between March and October, MSC Preziosa was scheduled to operate on Mediterranean cruises from Genoa.
In March 2014, the police in Brazil arrested a crew member on the ship for smuggling cocaine. In January 2018, a 69-year-old Dutch passenger went missing after the ship's overboard detection failed, the passenger was not found despite the navy and helicopters searching for them.
In summer 2015, MSC Preziosa called on Marseille, Genoa, Civitavecchia (Italy), Palermo (Italy), Cagliari (Italy), previously Tunis, Palma (Spain) and Valencia. In spring 2017, MSC Preziosa cruised around the British Isles, visiting Invergordon (Scotland) in the Cromarty Firth on 9 May. It was the ship's first visit to Invergordon. In May 2018, it began sailing in Northern Europe with the MSC Orchestra. It started sailing around Trinidad during December 2018 for months during the cruise season.
On 6 March 2019, three passengers were hospitalized after a flight reserved for passengers on MSC Preziosa, which was traveling from Barbados. The Airbus A330 flight was carrying 448 passengers, and experienced an emergency following its eight-hour flight. Passengers and crew members had become ill, possibly with chest infections. In May 2019, the ship still continued to sail on Guadeloupe and Martinique. In summer 2019, MSC Preziosa cruised the Arctic and north Atlantic oceans. The 12-day voyage started in Hamburg, calling in various Norwegian ports including Spitsbergen in Svalbard. In January 2020, five thousand passengers arrived in Trinidad as the COVID-19 pandemic was discovered.
Coronavirus pandemic
On 1 May 2020, CrewCenter reported that two crew members aboard MSC Preziosa had tested positive for SARS-CoV-2. The first positive result had been announced to the crew on 30 April, and the second on 1 May. The positive results came as a surprise for many of the crew, as no one had boarded the ship since 23 March, and all crew members had been isolating themselves in guest cabins since 11 April, nearly three weeks prior. A small 25-cabin cruise yacht helped repatriate 19 crew members to Cuba. MSC Cruises announced the suspension of all North American itineraries until 30 June 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
External links
Official website
"On board: verdict on Gaddafi's $697 million luxury liner" – review in The Sydney Morning Herald of a cruise on the MSC Preziosa.
"Tasting plate of the Med" – review in The Australian of a cruise on the MSC Preziosa.
Preziosa
Ships built in France
2011 ships
Cahaba may refer to:
Places
The Cahaba River in Alabama
Cahaba River National Wildlife Refuge
Cahaba River Wildlife Management Area
Cahaba Basin, is a geologic area of central Alabama
Cahaba, Alabama (or Cahawba), a ghost town in, and the former capital of, Alabama
Cahaba Prison (or Cahawba Prison), a Confederate prison
Cahawba County (see Bibb County, Alabama)
Cahaba Heights, Vestavia Hills a neighborhood of Vestavia Hills, Jefferson County, Alabama, United States
Flora
Cahaba lily, an aquatic, perennial flowering plant species
Old Cahaba rosinweed, Silphium perplexum
Cahaba torch, Liatris oligocephala
Fauna
Cahaba shiner, a rare species of cyprinid fish
Cahaba pebblesnail, a species of very small freshwater snail
Cahawba elimia, a species of freshwater snail
Artifacts
Cahaba, Marion and Greensboro Railroad
USS Cahaba (AO-82), an Escambia-class replenishment oiler
Graysville is an unincorporated community in Turman Township, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Graysville was named after its founder, Joe Gray. The post office at Graysville has been in operation since 1849.
Geography
Graysville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
Otacı, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Afşar is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The white-collared seedeater has been split into two species:
Cinnamon-rumped seedeater, Sporophila torqueola
Morelet's seedeater, Sporophila morelleti
Birds by common name
There have been several Hispano-Moroccan wars:
Conquest of Melilla (1497)
Conquest of Mehdya (1681)
Siege of Larache (1689)
Siege of Melilla (1774)
Siege of Ceuta (1790-1791)
Hispano-Moroccan War (1859–1860)
First Melillan campaign (1893–1894)
Second Melillan campaign (1909–1910)
Kert campaign (1911–1912)
Rif War (1920–1926)
Ifni War (1957–1958)
Perejil Island crisis (2002)
Wars involving Morocco
Morocco–Spain relations
Wars involving Spain
The 11th Grand Prix de La Baule was a Formula Two motor race held on 24 August 1952 in La Baule-Escoublac, France. It was round 8, and the final round, of Les Grands Prix de France Championship. Race distance was determined by time rather than the number of laps, the result being declared after 3 hours. The race was won from pole position by Alberto Ascari in a Ferrari 500. Ascari's teammate Luigi Villoresi finished second and set the fastest lap, and Louis Rosier in their privateer 500 was third.
Classification
Race
References
Baule Grand Prix
Baule Grand Prix
Baule Grand Prix
Ivan Harris Parke (November 1, 1908 – January 20, 1995) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred horse racing jockey and trainer who won more races than any other jockey in the United States in 1923, as an apprentice, and again in 1924 when they also are the United States Champion Jockey by earnings. Parke trained the 1945 Kentucky Derby winner, Hoop Jr. and Jewel's Reward to 1957 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt honors.
Ivan Parke and four of their brothers had careers in Thoroughbred horse racing. Burley Parke, a jockey and outstanding trainer was also inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. Both Charles and Monte were successful in their own right.
Career as a jockey
Ivan Parke began their career riding American Quarter Horses before switching to Thoroughbreds. On December 5, 1923 rode five straight winners at Jefferson Park Racetrack in New Orleans. Hired to ride for the major racing stable of Harry Payne Whitney in 1924, Parke rode in the Kentucky Derby for them in 1924 and 1925, finishing off the board on both occasions. As a jockey in 1925, Parke won the first race ever run at Hialeah Park in Florida. But, by August 1925 weight gain problems would force them off the saddle just three years after they started. However, they turned to riding steeplechase horses and in 1931 finished second in wins among all steeplechase jockeys in the United States.
Career as a trainer
Ivan Parke began training Thoroughbreds in 1935 and during their trained twenty-seven stakes race winners for major owners including Fred W. Hooper, Ogden Phipps, Elizabeth Arden's Maine Chance Farm, and Louis Wolfson's Harbor View Farm. Besides winning the Kentucky Derby, among Parke's other accomplishments, they bred and trained Olympia, a colt with which they won the 1949 Wood Memorial Stakes. Olympia went on to become a very successful sire.
In 1957, while trainer for Maine Chance Farm, Ivan Parke conditioned Jewel's Reward to American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt honors.
Inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1978 as a jockey, Ivan Parke was living in Alachua, Florida at the time of their death in 1995 at age eighty-six.
References
1908 births
1995 deaths
American jockeys
American Champion jockeys
American horse trainers
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
People from Albion, Idaho
People from Alachua, Florida
Saunderton is a village in the Saunderton Valley in the Chiltern Hills, Buckinghamshire, England, in the civil parish of Bledlow-cum-Saunderton. The village consists of three main areas: a linear settlement along Bledlow Road about southwest of Princes Risborough, Saunderton Lee, about further south and a residential area on the A4010 road around Saunderton railway station (on the Chiltern Main Line), about northwest of High Wycombe. This residential area, unlike the other two parts of the village, is in the HP14 postcode district, meaning its post town is High Wycombe, not Princes Risborough, the boundary between the two post towns passing just south of Grange Farm.
History
The toponym "Saunderton" is derived from Old English, but its original meaning is not clear. The Domesday Book of 1086 records it as Santesdune, leading some scholars to believe that the village name derives from "saint's hill".
In the 18th century a workhouse was founded in Saunderton, which in the Victorian era became the main workhouse for the Union of High Wycombe. It became one of the most secure houses in the region and regular absconders from other workhouses were often moved here because of its remote location. Inmates were taken to the workhouse by a constable, but if they wanted to leave they had a long walk ahead of them.
Saunderton Estate is in the village. The building was constructed in 1959 and redeveloped in 1994 with the addition of two wings of two-storey offices.
Parish church
The Church of England parish church of SS Mary and Nicholas was built in 1227 and originally dedicated solely to St Mary. But Saunderton had a second parish church, St Nicholas, that fell into decay. In 1452 St Nicholas' church was demolished, and St Mary's was given the double dedication to St Nicholas as well.
In 1886 the church's walls began to lean inwards, so the church was largely dismantled in 1888 and rebuilt over the next three years. Its 12th- or 13th-century font was reused and the 14th-century windows were restored and re-used. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The church has a small, timber-framed bell tower. It has three bells, all of which the bellfounder Alexander Rigby of Stamford, Lincolnshire cast in 1699. For technical reasons they are currently unringable.
SS Mary and Nicholas church is part of the parish of Bledlow with Saunderton and Horsenden, which in turn is part of the Benefice of Risborough.
References
Further reading
External links
Bledlow-cum-Saunderton Parish Council
Saunderton, St Mary & St Nicholas
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Çitdibi is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
APEP Pelendriou (, Athlitiki Podosfairiki Enosi Pelendriou; "Athletic Football Union Pelendriou") is a Cypriot football club based in Pelendri. Founded in 1956, was playing sometimes in Second and sometimes in the Third and Fourth Division.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (1): 1990
Cypriot Fourth Division:
Champions (1): 1988–89
References
Football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1956
1956 establishments in Cyprus
Flotta () is an island off the south west of Mainland, Shetland. The name may come from the Old Norse, flatey meaning flat island, and the island's highest point is only ten metres. It is in Weisdale Voe, and is to the south of Greena.
Uninhabited islands of Shetland
This article is about the contribution of Goans to the musical composition of Bollywood songs, associated with the Filmi genre.
Introduction
Since the early 1900s, Goans were the main exponents of jazz and western music in India. Goans played a major role in Bollywood music until the 1980s, working for music directors like O.P.Nayyar, C. Ramchandra, Shankar Jaikishan, Laxmikant Pyarelal and S. D. Burman. They were credited under the designation 'music director' in large type in the credits, while the Goans' names rolled by in small letters as 'arrangers'. At the time, only Goans, having trained in Western music, knew how to compose music for orchestras, with a multitude of instruments playing in harmony.
Frank Fernand described the situation as follows: "The men who composed the scores for Hindi films couldn't write music and had no idea of the potential of the orchestras they employed. They would come to the studio and sing a melody to their Goan amanuensis, or pick out the line
on a harmonium. The Goan assistant would write it out on sheet paper, then add parts for the banks of strings, the horn sections, the piano and the
percussion." But the assistant wasn't merely taking dictation: It was their job to craft the introductions and bridges between verse and chorus. Drawing from their bicultural heritage and their experience in the jazz bands, the Goans gave Bollywood music a unique charm. Then they would rehearse the orchestras, which were staffed almost entirely by Goans since it was mainly Goans who knew how to play these Western instruments.
To Frank Fernand, the music directors were mere subcontractors, men whose main job was liaising with the financiers. "We arrangers did all the real work. They'd show off to the directors and producers and try to show that they were indispensable. But to be a music director, salespersonship was more important than musicianship."
Anthony Gonsalves
Anthony Prabhu Gonsalves (born 1928) is an Indian musical composer and teacher from the village of Majorda (near Margao in Goa, India) who, during the mid-1950s, attempted to merge the symphonies of their Goan heritage with the Hindustani melodies and rhythms in films of the day.
They found their first job in the city as a violinist in the group of the composer Naushad in 1943. They taught the violin to R.D. Burman and Pyarelal Ramprasad Sharma (of the Laxmikant Pyarelal duo) and has worked with most of the legendary composers of the 1950s and 1960s. A few examples of their work are B.R. Chopra (Naya Daur, Waqt), Naushad (Dillagi), and Chetan Anand (Haqeeqat). The song "My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves" was Pyarelal's tribute to their violin teacher.
Chic Chocolate
Antonio Xavier Vaz (born 1916), known as Chic Chocolate, was from Aldona. They assisted C. Ramchandra, who is popularly credited with having introduced swing into Bollywood. Tunes like Ina Mina Dika from Aasha and Gore Gore O Banke Chore from Samadhi("Gore Gore" is actually a copy of the Samba song "Chico Chico from Puerto Rico")" bear Chic's unmistakable signature. Their stamp is also audible on the Cuban percussion opening of Shola Jo Bhadke, a tune from Albela.this song is actually a copy of "Delgodo Samba" and not originally from Chic Chocolate.
Chic and the Music Makers made an appearance in the film in the song's picturisation, with Chic seen smiling into the camera.
Chris Perry
Chris Perry also had a stint in the film studios, assisting Khayyam and working with such names as Lakshmikant and Pyarelal, R. D. Burman and Kalyanji Anandji. They served the film industry for twenty-five years as assistant to Hindi film music directors and performed in many Hindi films notably in Kabhi Kabhi and Trishul.
Frank Fernand
Frank Fernand was among the first Goans in Bollywood and assisted known names like Anil Biswas, Kishore Kumar, Roshan, C. Ramchandra and others. Raj Kapoor's 'Barsat' was their major assignment with Shankar Jaikishan.
Fernand was music conductor for many films including Don, Hera Pheri, Zanjeer and Victoria No. 203. They were music assistant for a few films including Johny Mera Naam. Their last assignment in the Hindi film industry was as the first assistant of Kalyanji Anandji.
Sebastian D'Souza
Sebastian D'Souza was one of the most reputed arrangers in Bollywood, who did their best-known work with the duo of Shankar-Jaikishan between 1952 and 1975. Their first break was with O. P. Nayyar. The first tune they arranged was Pritam aan milo, which was sung by C. H. Atma in 1955. They devised a system of notation that incorporated the microtones that characterised Indian melodies.
Alfred Rose
Alfred Rose composed music for Bollywood films including the Hindi film Love in Goa.
Remo Fernandes
In addition to singing for a large number of Hindi films, Remo Fernandes has also composed and written songs for the films Khamoshi: The Musical, Trikal and Jalwa (1987).
N Datta aka Datta Naik
N. Datta aka Datta Naik, a local resident of Goa, started their film career as a music assistant of the great composer S D Burman. Datta assisted Dada Burman in a number of films. Datta was very impressed with the revolutionary songs of lyricist Sahir Ludhiyanvi. When Datta got their first chance to compose independently for Raj Khosla's Milaap (1955), they insisted for Sahir as the lyricist. The result was some very beautifully songs like 'Ye Baharon Ka Sama..' (Hemant,Lata), 'Jaate Ho To Jaao Par Jaoge Kahan..' (Geeta), etc. The music of Milaap became so popular that Datta came into the category of film industry's most eminent musicians.
Some unforgettable and mersmerising compositions which give the evidence of Datta's musical dexterity are: 'Sitare Raah Takte Hai..' (Lata), 'Main Tumhi Se Poochhti Hoon..' (Lata) from the film Black Cat. 'Aurat Ne Janm Diya Mardon Ko..' (Lata), 'Sambhal-e-Dil..' (Asha-Rafi) from the film Sadhna' 'Maine Chaand Aur Sitaron Ki Tamnna Ki Thi..' (Rafi) from the film Chandrakanta, 'Ashkon Me Jo Paya Hai..' (Talat) from the film Chandi Ki Deewar, 'Kis Jagah Jaayen..' (Asha) from Light House, 'Ab Wo Karam Karen..' (Rafi) from the film Marine Drive, 'Daaman Me Aag Laga Baithe..' (Rafi), 'Tere Pyar Ka Aasra Chahta Hoon..' (Mahendra) from the film Dhool Ka Phool, 'Aaj Ki Raat Nahi Shikwon..' (Mahendra) from Dharamputra and 'Laal Laal Gaal..' from the film Mr. X.
N Datta also gave music in the film named 'Datta Naik'. They had a very strong and long association with Sahir Ludhiyanvi as their lyricist in most of their films, till Chehre Pe Chehra (1980). Datta Naik was a sensible music director who use minimum orchestra to develop the required atmosphere as expressed in the song. They died on 30 December 1987.
See also
Jazz in India
References
Behind the curtain: making music in Mumbai's film studios, Gregory D. Booth, 2008
External links
(Hindi), an episode about Goan arrangers and musicians, by Rajya Sabha TV
Goan music
Lists of people from Goa
India music-related lists
Mateusz Kieliszkowski (born 12 August 1993) is a Polish strongman competitor.  They are particularly known for their impressive pressing ability within strongman, as well as their prowess in the Atlas Stones and various moving events.
Strongman career
Mateusz Kieliszkowski had an interest in strength sports in high school. They then became interested in strongman specifically at the age of 17 after taking part in a strongman competition organised by their friend. Mateusz achieved their first big success by winning the 2014 Arnold amateur competition which allowed them to compete in the professional 2015 Arnold Classic which they would place 3rd.
Personal records
Strongman
Deadlift with straps and suit –
Log lift -
Circus dumbbell press – (World Record)
Cyr dumbbell press – (World Record)
Frame Carry - up a ramp in 7:00 Seconds (World Record)
Car Walk – 10.00 Seconds (World Record)
Stone Over Shoulder - × 5 in 150.00 Seconds (World Record)
References
1993 births
Living people
Polish strength athletes
Polish sportsmen
We Almost Made It is the title of Joseph Arthur's first artbook, released in 2006. It comes with a CD titled The Invisible Parade, a 21-track disc of mostly instrumental songs. Joseph described the set as "an artbook with a soundtrack." Only 5000 copies of the book/disc set were released. The hardcover book contains 110 pages of Joseph's original artwork, marking the first time a collection of their artwork has been made available for publication. The songs "Chapter 4," "Chapter 15," and "Chapter 19" are the only songs on the disc that have lyrics. "Chapter 15" contains lyrics taken from Joseph's poem "On a boat from Ireland to England," and "Chapter 19" contains lyrics from the poem "I saw a nail driven into their hand" (both poems posted on Joseph's website in October 2005). "Chapter 1" and "Chapter 8" also appeared in the documentary film Deliver Us from Evil in 2006 (with "Chapter 1" listed as "Cathedral," and "Chapter 8" listed as "Pyramids"). The book was only available through their website and at their live shows.
CD track listing
Credits
All songs written, produced, performed, mixed and arranged by Joseph Arthur.
Additional mixing and production by Matt Boynton, Gary Go and Andreas Wickmann.
Caroline Glass played: bass clarinet ("Chapter 1," "Chapter 3," "Chapter 10," "Chapter 11," "Chapter 18"), duduk ("Chapter 4"), oboe ("Chapter 10," "Chapter 11," "Chapter 21"), and English horn ("Chapter 16," "Chapter 21").
Additional drums by Greg Wieczorek (G.Wiz).
External links
"We Almost Made It" official MySpace page
Joseph Arthur albums
2006 albums
2006 books
O'Donnell Peak () is a peak on the polar plateau, situated 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Joice Icefall of the Millen Range. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and United States Navy air photos, 1960–64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Frank B. O'Donnell, meteorologist at Hallett Station in 1962.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Emory Grove may refer to:
Emory Grove, retreat center located in the Glyndon Historic District, Glyndon, Maryland
Emory Grove Line, bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration
Emory Grove Historic District, historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in Druid Hills, Georgia
Iran Air Flight 291 was a flight from Mashad Airport to Tehran-Mehrabad Airport that crashed on 21 January 1980 during its approach to Tehran-Mehrabad runway 29 in foggy and snowy weather conditions, killing all 128 people on board. At the time, Iran Air Flight 291 was the deadliest aircraft disaster in Iranian history.
Aircraft
The aircraft involved was Boeing 727-86 with registration EP-IRD (factory no. 19817, serial no. 537) was built in 1968 and made its first flight on 17 February. The aircraft was powered by three Pratt & Whitney JT8D-7B turbofan engines.
Accident
On the day of the accident, Iranian air traffic controllers went on strike, which led to hundreds of domestic flights being cancelled. Then at 16:00 the strike was interrupted, and flights resumed. At 17:40, Flight 291 departed from Mashad Airport bound for Tehran-Mehrabad Airport in Iran. There were 8 crew members and 120 passengers on board (initial reports stated that there were 8 crew members and 116 passengers).
At 18:52 local time, the controller at Mehrabad airport in Tehran gave the crew a direct approach to the runway 29. Then at about 19:05, the dispatcher instructed the crew to take a 360° heading to reach the non-directional beacon of the Varamin approach. Without receiving instructions from the controller, the pilots were to the north off course. During the approach, the first officer told the captain that the VORTAC was giving the wrong radial course, but they did not respond to this message. At 19:11 local time, the aircraft collided with the Alborz Mountains, north of Tehran. All 8 crew members and 120 passengers died in the crash, and the plane was destroyed.
Cause
Investigators concluded that the probable cause of the crash was believed to be an inoperable instrument landing system and ground radar. The head of Iran's Civil Aviation Authority and five other officials were charged with manslaughter as a result of the crash of Flight 291.
References
External links
Airport situation following the crash from Associated Press Archive
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 727
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by instrument failure
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by weather
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1980
Aviation accidents and incidents in Iran
January 1980 events in Asia
1980 in Iran
291
The Wheels of Chance are an early comic novel by H. G. Wells about an August 1895 cycling holiday, somewhat in the style of Three Men in a Boat. In 1922 it was adapted into a silent film The Wheels of Chance directed by Harold M. Shaw.
Plot introduction
The Wheels of Chance were written at the height of the cycling craze (1890–1905), when practical, comfortable bicycles first became widely and cheaply available and before the rise of the automobile (see History of the bicycle). The advent of the bicycle stirred sudden and profound changes in the social life of England. Even the working class could travel substantial distances, quickly and cheaply, and the very idea of travelling for pleasure became a possibility for thousands of people for the first time. This new freedom affected many. It began to weaken the rigid English class structure and it gave an especially powerful boost to the existing movement toward
female emancipation. Wells explored these social changes in their story.
Plot
The hero of The Wheels of Chance, Mr. Hoopdriver, is a frustrated "draper's assistant" in Putney, a badly paid, grinding position (and one which Wells briefly held); and yet they own a bicycle and is setting out on a bicycling tour of "the Southern Coast" on their annual ten days' holiday.
Hoopdriver survives their frustration by escaping in their imagination into a world of fantasy.  They are not a skilled rider of their forty-three-pound bicycle, and their awkwardness reflects both Wells's own uncertainties in negotiating the English class system and their critical view of that society. Nonetheless, Hoopdriver is treated sympathetically: "But if you see how a mere counter-jumper, a cad on castors, and a fool to boot, may come to feel the little insufficiencies of life, and if they have to any extent won your sympathies, my end is attained."
Hoopdriver's summer adventure begins lyrically:
Only those who toil six long days out of the seven, and all the year round, save for one brief glorious fortnight or ten days in the summer time, know the exquisite sensations of the First Holiday Morning. All the dreary, uninteresting routine drops from you suddenly, your chains fall about your feet. . . . There were thrushes in the Richmond Road, and a lark on Putney Heath. The freshness of dew was in the air; dew or the relics of an overnight shower glittered on the leaves and grass. . . . They wheeled their machine up Putney Hill, and their heart sang within him.
Hoopdriver encounters a pretty young woman cycling alone and wearing rationals (bloomers). They dare not speak to the Young Lady in Grey, as they call her, but their paths keep crossing.  They are ultimately revealed to be Jessie Milton, a girl of seventeen who has run away from their stepmother in Surbiton, risking "ruin" at the hands of the bounder Bechamel, an unscrupulous older man who has promised to help the naive Jessie to establish themselves an independent life but who is really intent on seducing them Ironically, their flight has in part been inspired by liberal ideals of unconventionality that have been hypocritically promoted by their stepmother's popular novels.
Hoopdriver half-inadvertently rescues them from Bechamel's clutches, and the two proceed to cycle across the south of England. Ashamed of their true circumstances, Hoopdriver spins droll tales of South African origins and the comforts of wealth until shame induces them to confess their true circumstances. But they also display genuine courage, rebuking insolent travellers who insult Jessie's honour.
Hoopdriver's encounter inspires in them a desire to better himself, as well as impossibly romantic feelings toward Jessie. At last a party consisting of their stepmother, some of their stepmother's admirers, and their former schoolteacher catches up with them. Jessie returns home and Hoopdriver returns to the Drapery Emporium of Messrs. Antrobus & Co., but Jessie has promised to "send them some books" and has held out the vague prospect that "in six years' time" things may be different.
Jessie's bookish and romantic education has kept them ignorant of the realities of life, and their ignorance contributes to the comedy of Hoopdriver's half-clever, half-ridiculous improvised stories of life in Africa. Jessie has their own aspirations: "She was going to Live their Own Life, with emphasis." Wells's intention in The Wheels of Chance might be taken to be satirical, were their protagonists' circumstances not so closely related to their own history and that of their second wife, Catherine Robbins.
Setting
Wells used real places in plotting the novel, and the entire route can be followed on a map. Among the sites described in the novel are Ripley, Cobham, Guildford, Haslemere, Godalming, Milford, Midhurst, Chichester, Bognor (where, at the Vicuna Hotel, Hoopdriver comes to Jessie's rescue), Chichester Harbour, Havant, Botley, the hamlet of Wallenstock (where Hoopdriver defends Jessie's honour), Blandford (where Hoopdriver confesses their true identity to Jessie), Ringwood, Stoney Cross, and the Rufus Stone (where Hoopdriver says good-bye to Jessie).
Publication
The novel was paired with The Time Machine and included in the Everyman's Library (no. 915) in 1935.
The text of Wheels of Chance is available at several sites on the internet.
References
External links
The Wheels of Chance at Project Gutenberg
The Wheels of Chance at HathiTrust
1896 British novels
British comedy novels
British novels adapted into films
Novels by H. G. Wells
Novels about cycling
Veten Mountain () is a mountain about 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northwest of Hogskavlen Mountain in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and named Veten, meaning "the beacon."
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Graffenstaden station (French: Gare de Graffenstaden) is a railway station serving the industrial zone of Geispolsheim, close to the commune of Illkirch-Graffenstaden, Bas-Rhin department, France. The station is owned and operated by SNCF, in the TER Grand Est regional rail network and is served by TER trains.
References
Railway stations in Bas-Rhin
The women's 4x400 metres relay event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 24 and 25 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Heats
24 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 44 athletes from 10 countries participated in the event.
References
4 x 400 metres relay
Relays at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The Aero Synergie J300 Joker is a French ultralight aircraft that was designed and produced by Sauper/ALMS and later by Aero Synergie. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction and also as a complete ready-to-fly aircraft.
Design and development
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two seats in side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit, tricycle landing gear or conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from welded steel tubing, covered in doped aircraft fabric. Its span wing employs dual parallel struts. The standard engine fitted is the Rotax 912UL four-stroke powerplant, with the Rotax 912ULS optional.
Originally produced by Sauper/ALMS the design was later manufactured by Aero Synergie. Production was halted circa 2011, although parts were still available in 2012.
Operational history
Popular in Europe and Africa as a trainer, it also found use as a personal aircraft due to its simple construction and ease of handling.
Specifications (J300)
References
External links
1990s French ultralight aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
J300
High-wing aircraft
Morgaushsky District (; , Murkaš rajonĕ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-one in the Chuvash Republic, Russia. It is located in the north of the republic and borders with the Mari El Republic in the north, Cheboksarsky District in the east, Alikovsky District in the south, and with Yadrinsky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a selo) of Morgaushi. Population:
History
The district was formed on February 10, 1944.
References
Notes
Sources
Districts of Chuvashia
Samuel Scherrer (born 15 March 1997) is a Swiss freestyle wrestler.  They are a two-time silver medalist at the European Wrestling Championships.
Career
In 2020, they won the silver medal in the 92 kg event at the European Wrestling Championships held in Rome, Italy.
In the same year, they also won one of the bronze medals in the men's 92 kg event at the 2020 Individual Wrestling World Cup held in Belgrade, Serbia. In March 2021, they competed at the European Qualification Tournament in Budapest, Hungary hoping to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. They were eliminated in their first match by Radosław Baran of Poland. A month later, they won the silver medal in the men's 92 kg event at the 2021 European Wrestling Championships held in Warsaw, Poland. In May 2021, they also failed to qualify for the Olympics at the World Olympic Qualification Tournament held in Sofia, Bulgaria.
They competed in the 97kg event at the 2022 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade, Serbia.
Achievements
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Swiss male sport wrestlers
European Wrestling Championships medalists
20th-century Swiss people
21st-century Swiss people
Room 304 () is a 2011 Danish drama film directed by Birgitte Stærmose.
Cast
Mikael Birkkjær as Kasper
Stine Stengade as Nina
David Dencik as Martin
Luan Jaha as Agim
Ariadna Gil as Teresa
Lourdes Faberes as Maid
Ksenija Marinković as Elira
Trine Dyrholm as Helene
Magnus Krepper as Jonas
Ivo Gregurević as Nebojsa
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
2010s Danish-language films
Films set in hotels
Danish drama films
Films scored by Jocelyn Pook
The men's 400 metres hurdles at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 29, 30, and 31 August 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
31 August
Semi-finals
30 August
Semi-final 1
Semi-final 2
Heats
29 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 27 athletes from 16 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(3)
(1)
References
400 metres hurdles
400 metres hurdles at the European Athletics Championships
Events from the year 1928 in Japan. It corresponds to Shōwa 3 (昭和3年) in the Japanese calendar.
Incumbents
Emperor: Hirohito
Prime Minister: Tanaka Giichi
Governors
Aichi Prefecture: Toyoji Obata
Akita Prefecture: Yuichiro Chikaraishi (until 28 February); Iwao Koinuma (starting 28 February)
Aomori Prefecture: Tetsuzo Yoshimura
Ehime Prefecture: Yujiro Ozaki (until 25 May); Keizo Ichimura (starting 25 May)
Fukui Prefecture: Keizo Ichimura (until 25 May); Joko Obama (starting 25 May)
Fukuoka Prefecture: Saito Morikuni
Fukushima Prefecture: Ito Kihachiro (until 25 May); Aid Kiyoo (starting 25 May)
Gifu Prefecture: Rokuichiro Ono (until 25 May); Masao Kanazawa (starting 25 May)
Gunma Prefecture: Agata Shinobu (until 10 January); Omori Keiichi (starting 10 January)
Hiroshima Prefecture: Sukenari Yokoyama (until 25 May); Masao Kishimoto (starting 25 May)
Ibaraki Prefecture: Jiro Morioka
Ishikawa Prefecture: vacant
Iwate Prefecture:
until 11 January: Kakichi Tokuno
11 January-26 December: Fujihira Marumo
starting 26 December: Tojiro Io
Kagawa Prefecture: Toshio Motoda
Kanagawa Prefecture: Ikeda Hiroshi
Kochi Prefecture: Aidkame Kiyoo (until 25 May); Ichiro Oshima (starting 25 May)
Kumamoto Prefecture: Saito Munenori
Kyoto Prefecture: Shigeyoshi Omihara
Mie Prefecture: Endo Ryusaku (until 28 February); Iori Hanada (starting 28 February)
Miyagi Prefecture: Katorataro Ushizu
Miyazaki Prefecture: Akira Kouda (until 10 January); Kunitoshi Yamaoka (starting 10 January)
Nagano Prefecture: Ryo Chiba
Niigata Prefecture:
until 28 February: Shohei Fujinoma
28 February-28 May: Yuichiro Chikaraishi
starting 25 May: Ozaki Yujiro
Okayama Prefecture: Masao Kishimoto
Okinawa Prefecture: Tōjirō Iio (until 26 December); Chōhei Hosokawa (starting 26 December)
Osaka Prefecture: Harumichi Tanabe (until month unknown); Yūichirō Chikaraishi (starting month unknown)
Saitama Prefecture: Chohei Hosokawa
Shiname Prefecture: Rinsaku Yagi
Tochigi Prefecture: Takeichi Fujiyama
Tokyo: Hiroshi Hiratsuka
Toyama Prefecture: Shirane Takesuke
Yamagata Prefecture: Shinohara Eitaro
Events
February 11–19 – Japan competes in the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, Switzerland, the first true Winter Olympics held on its own and not in conjunction with a Summer Olympics.
February 20 – 1928 Japanese general election: The first general election after the introduction of universal male suffrage was passed in 1925. The ruling Rikken Seiyūkai led by Prime Minister Tanaka Giichi won one more seat than the opposition Rikken Minseitō led by Hamaguchi Osachi, although Rikken Minseitō had received slightly more votes. The hung parliament led to the Tanaka government continuing in office.
March 15 – March 15 incident: Alarmed by gains made by socialists and communists in the 1928 general election, the conservative government of Prime Minister Giichi Tanaka ordered the mass arrest of known communists and suspected communist sympathizers. The arrests occurred throughout Japan, and a total of 1652 people were apprehended.
May 3 – Jinan Incident: an armed conflict between the Japanese Imperial Army allied with Northern Chinese warlords against the Kuomintang's southern army, occurs in Jinan, eastern China.
June 4 – Huanggutun Incident: Chinese warlord Zhang Zuolin is killed by low-ranking officer in the Japanese Kwantung Army when a bomb their personal train is travelling over explodes. Emperor Hirohito harshly criticized the event and eventually dismissed Prime Minister Tanaka Giichi for their inability to arrest and prosecute the plotters of the incident.
July 28–August 12 – Japan competes in the ninth Summer Olympics held in Amsterdam, Netherlands. For the 1928 Olympics, Japan won 2 golds, 2 silvers and 1 bronze.
September 28 – Prince Chichibu marries Matsudaira Setsuko.
November 10 – Enthronement of Hirohito as Emperor of Japan in the Imperial Palace in Kyoto.
December 21 – Fujikoshi Steel Industry, later Nachi-Fujikoshi founded in Toyama City.
Unknown date – A food processing Ito Meat Packer was founded, as predecessor of Itoham-Yonekyu in Nishinomiya, Hyogo Prefecture.
Births
January 1 – Masatoshi Yoshino, geographer, climatologist (d. 2017)
January 2
Daisaku Ikeda, religious leader
Tamio Oki, voice actor (d. 2017)
January 22 – Yoshihiko Amino, historian (d. 2004)
February 20 – Mitsuyo Asaka, actor (d. 2020)
March 9 – Tatsumi Hijikata, choreographer, (d. 1986)
March 10 – Kiyoshi Atsumi, actor (d. 1996)
March 16 – Wakanohana Kanji I, sumo wrestler (d. 2010)
March 27
Ryuji Saikachi, voice actor (d. 2017)
Seiko Tanabe, author (d. 2019)
May 8 – Tatsuhiko Shibusawa, novelist, art critic, and translator (d. 1987)
June 23 – Hayao Kawai, psychologist (d. 2007)
June 26 – Yoshiro Nakamatsu, inventor
July 21 – Hirofumi Uzawa, economist (d. 2014)
August 16 – Shōji Yasui, actor (d. 2014)
September 16 – Hironoshin Furuhashi, former swimmer and chairperson of Japan Olympic Committee (d. 2009)
September 20 – Shiro Hashizume, Olympic swimmer
November 3 – Osamu Tezuka, manga artist, cartoonist, animator, film producer and medical doctor (d. 1989)
November 30 – Takako Doi, politician (Speakers of the House) (d. 2014)
Deaths
February 17 – Ōtsuki Fumihiko, lexicographer, linguist, and historian (b. 1847)
March 8 – Sachiko, Princess Hisa, second child of Emperor Shōwa (b. 1927)
April 5 – Okura Kihachiro, entrepreneur (b. 1837)
May 4 – Jinzō Matsumura, botanist (b. 1856)
May 21 – Hideyo Noguchi, bacteriologist (b. 1876)
July 23 – Zenzō Kasai, novelist (b. 1887)
October 25 – Hirotsu Ryurō, novelist (b. 1861)
November 3 – Uryū Shigeko, educator (b. 1862)
December 25 – Kaoru Osanai, theater director, playwright, and actor (b. 1881)
See also
List of Japanese films of the 1920s
References
1920s in Japan
Years of the 20th century in Japan
Alexander Gilmer (September 7, 1829 – July 30, 1906) was a sawmiller that became one of the United States' most successful individual timberland owners in their era.
Nicknamed "Sandy", they were born in County Armagh, Ireland, the son of George and Jane Gilmer. They immigrated to Georgia at the age of seventeen where they constructed shipmasts for the French government with their brother John. Together, they built a steamboat to work the Chattahoochee, but suffered a major setback when it sank, leaving Gilmer almost penniless. In the late 1840s, they migrated to Orange, Texas where they entered the shipbuilding business with their cousin George C. Gilmer. The two would shortly after enter the mercantile business and continue until the Civil War. Alexander participated in the war as a Confederate blockade runner in The Battle of Sabine Pass.
In 1866, Gilmer founded their first sawmill. They would eventually own sawmills and lumberyards in as many as ten communities. One of these, named Remlig (Gilmer spelled backwards) would become one of the largest businesses in Jasper County.
Gilmer had a series of economic setbacks. They lost their sawmill at Orange four times due to fire, after which they re-built their main operation at Lemonville (now a ghost town) in northern Orange County. Alexander Gilmer was married twice. Their first wife Etta Reading died within the first year of the marriage. Their second wife Cleora C. Thomas bore 9 children, two of which died as infants. In their last days, Gilmer traveled to San Antonio due to health reasons before making their last business trip to New York City where they died in 1906. At the time of their death, they were the second wealthiest man in Orange, Texas. The Texas Historical Commission has constructed a marker to commemorate their business contributions.
Some of Alexander Gilmer's papers were salvaged from a storefront in Orange, Texas and are now housed at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas at Austin. The papers include personal letters, business logs, and political letters.
References
1829 births
1906 deaths
People from County Armagh
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
People from Orange, Texas
Businesspeople in timber
Kunice (German: Kunitz) is a village in Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Kunice. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately east of Legnica and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Tomasz Maliszewski (born 14 February 1965) is a Polish former professional tennis player.
Born in Wrocław, Maliszewski has been considered the best Polish doubles player at the end of the 1980s. They retired very young, at age 24, due to injuries. Their serve was their best weapon on the court, thanks to their considerable height.
In doubles, Maliszewski clinched the Polish national championships three times (in 1986, 1987 and 1989), always partnering with Wojciech Kowalski. Also alongside Kowalski, they won a Davis Cup rubber in 1988.
Despite being a doubles specialist, they were ranked among the top 10 singles players in Poland for six consecutive years (from 1984 to 1989).
One of their nephews is professional tennis player Hubert Hurkacz.
See also
List of Poland Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Polish male tennis players
Sportspeople from Wrocław
Dabo Airport is a domestic airport located at Dabo, the largest town in Singkep Island, Lingga Regency, Riau Islands province. It serves Dabo and surrounding areas. It has some facilities like other airports. Dabo Airport serves ATR 72, ATR 42, Fokker 50, and others.
Airlines and destinations
Statistics and traffic
Traffic
Statistics
References
Airports in the Riau Islands
Pilar Aymerich i Puig (commonly, Pilar Aymerich; born 1943 in Barcelona) is a Spanish photographer and photojournalist. In 2005, they received the Creu de Sant Jordi Award.
Early years
They studied at the Escuela de Arte Dramático Adrià Gual (EADAG) in Barcelona and then in London, where they were introduced to the field of photography. Under the guidance of EADAG's co-director, Maria Aurèlia Capmany, and others, Aymerich and childhood friend, Montserrat Roig, learned of the European Left, its literary tradition, and Catalan writers.
Career
After expanding their expertise, Aymerich specialized in photojournalism and portraits. They began their career as a professional photographer in 1968 in Barcelona collaborating with the CIS agency at a time when there was still censorship. Them graphic work has appeared in various periodicals such as Triunfo, Destino, Cambio 16, El País, Fotogramas, and Qué Leer. They collaborated in several books including those dedicated to important Catalan women such as Montserrat Roig, Federica Montseny, Mercè Rodoreda, Caterina Albert, and Maria Aurèlia Capmany, which led to exhibitions dedicated to them. Since 1974, they have worked in audiovisual media with TVE participating in various programs. They have also done pedagogical work teaching photography to youth and at the Institute of Photographic Studies of Catalonia. In late 2004, they exhibited at the Museum of Catalan History entitled "Memory of a time".
Awards
In 2005, they received the Creu de Sant Jordi Award.
In 2021 they obtained the National Photography Prize of Spain.
References
Bibliography
External links
1943 births
Living people
Photographers from Catalonia
Spanish photojournalists
Spanish women photographers
People from Barcelona
Dorcadion kasikoporanum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1902.
References
kasikoporanum
Beetles described in 1902
The Missouri and North Arkansas was a railroad in Missouri and Arkansas from 1906 to 1946.
History
The railroad begun as the Eureka Springs Railway as a line from the St. Louis–San Francisco Railway in Seligman, MO, reaching the resort town of Eureka Springs, AR in 1883.
The railroad was extended east, reaching Harrison, AR in 1901, and Leslie, AR in 1903. In addition, the railroad was extended north west to Neosho, MO in 1908. Joplin, MO was reached using trackage rights from Kansas City Southern Railway.
In August 1914, a steam locomotive owned by the KCS collided with a M&NA doodlebug, killing thirty-eight passengers and five crew members. In March 1918, the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled that the KCS and MN&A should share liability and pay their own costs.
See also
Bellefonte station
References
Transportation in Barry County, Missouri
Transportation in Boone County, Arkansas
Defunct Arkansas railroads
Defunct Missouri railroads
Joplin, Missouri
Transportation in Monroe County, Arkansas
Transportation in Newton County, Missouri
Transportation in Phillips County, Arkansas
Railway companies established in 1906
Railway companies disestablished in 1946
Transportation in Searcy County, Arkansas
Standard gauge railways in the United States
Transportation in White County, Arkansas
Transportation in Woodruff County, Arkansas
American companies established in 1906
List of Chinese composers by surname:
Chan Wing-wah - (born 1954)
Chen Gang - (born 1935)
Chen Yi - (born 1953) first Chinese female composer to receive a Master of Arts from the Central Conservatory of Music.
Chou Wen-chung - (1923–2019) noted protogé and longtime professor at Columbia University.
Du Mingxin - (born 1923)
Du Yun - (born 1977)
Ge Gan-ru - (born 1954)
Jian'er Zhu - (1922-2017)
Huang Ruo - (born 1976)
Lei Liang - (born 1972)
Liu Sola - (born 1955)
Jing Jing Luo - (born 1953)
Ma Sicong - (1912–1987)
Qu Xiaosong - (born 1952)
Bright Sheng - (born 1955) professor at University of Michigan
Su Cong - (born 1957)
Tan Dun - (born 1957)
Wang Liping
Wang Xilin - (born 1937)
Xian Xinghai - (1905–1945)
Ye Xiaogang - (born 1955)
Zhou Long - (born 1953)
Yang Jing - (born 1963)
Chinese
Composers
Bryn Mawr Classical Review (BMCR) is an open access journal founded in 1990. It publishes reviews of current scholarly work in the field of classical studies including classical archaeology. This journal is the second oldest online humanities scholarly journal. It provides both online and print subscriptions at no charge. The journal is funded entirely by the sale of Bryn Mawr Commentaries. The journal receives many submissions from volunteers, and its editors maintain an online list of materials that need to be reviewed for those interested. The online version also offers access to Bryn Mawr's electronic resource review, which is made up of reviews of non-print classical scholarly writings. As of now, however, those reviews have not been indexed.
Bryn Mawr Classical Review began in 1990 as a LISTSERV created by John Price-Wilkin of the University of Michigan, who also provided the original gopher site and ongoing technical support for the Review. From 1994 through 1999, BMCR received support from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation through a project that studied the growth and functionality of e-journals. The current web presentation of the journal was created by members of the University of Pennsylvania Center for the Computer Analysis of Text, Jay Treat, Ken McFarlane, Warren Petrovsky, and Ira Winston, and by Vince Patone and Andrew Lacey of Bryn Mawr College.
In 1993, Bryn Mawr Classical Review founded a sister publication, Bryn Mawr Medieval Review (now The Medieval Review). Both journals are offered for subscription both print and online, and there is also an option for those who would like to subscribe electronically to both journals, but do not want to receive duplicate reviews, as some materials are reviewed in both places.
The current editors of the journal are Richard Hamilton and Camilla MacKay of Bryn Mawr College, and James J. O'Donnell of Georgetown University.
References
External links
History of BMCR Bryn Mawr Classical Review
Classics journals
Cottinella boulengeri, the short-headed sculpin, is a species of freshwater fish, a deepwater sculpin endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia. It lives at depths of from , and is not longer than TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
References
Abyssocottidae
Monotypic fish genera
Fish of Russia
Fish described in 1906
Gaëtan Llorach (born 16 January 1974 in Saint-Martin-d'Hères, Isère, France) is a former French alpine skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
External links
References
1974 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
People from Saint-Martin-d'Hères
Sportspeople from Isère
Jindřich Fügner (born Heinrich Fügner, 12 September 1822, Prague – 15 November 1865, Prague) was co-founder (together with Miroslav Tyrš) and the first starosta (leader) of the Czech sport organization Sokol.
Biography
They were born in Prague (baptized in the church. Stephen) to Peter (1787-1863) and Frances (Františka) (1794-1863) Fügner. Their father was a business person (Handelsmann), a native of Leitmeritz. Police records show that the family of Peter and Frances had two daughters: Caroline and Julia and three sons: Ferdinand, Heinrich and Wilhelm.
Thanks to private study and study abroad they gained a broad education and learned several foreign languages. Later, they run a trade insurance business. Though their business was successful, they had higher goals. They were devoted to music, sports and social interests.
Thanks to the legacy of their grandfather (inherited their vineyards and boats) their family was quite wealthy. As a successful business person, they became the owner of the Italian company Nuova Societa Commerciale d'Assecurazioni, a general trade company.
Fügner, a German by birth, never mastered the Czech language. Their decision to adopt a political and national identity as a Czech was derived from a strong sense of their local identity as a "Praguer" and from their disenchantment with social pretensions of the German elite in Prague and the northern Bohemia.
The Czech patriotic circles introduced them to Tyrš. Soon after, Fügner and Tyrš worked together on founding the Czech gymnastic association. The association was named Sokol Prague and Fügner became the association first leader (starosta). They introduced and promoted tykání, i.e. the way of addressing one person using the second-person singular (you) among the association members and addressing the members as "brothers". The red jacket they used to wear, became part of the Sokol uniforms. Thanks to them the first Sokol society was established in the Sokol Street (a former fortification) in Prague. They died at the age of 43; the cause of their death was most likely blood poisoning. Their funeral became a national manifestation.
References
Literature
Otto Urban: Hienrich/Jindřich Fügner - Ein Typus des modernen Böhmischen Bürgers in Robert Hoffmann: Bürger zwischen Tradition und Modernität, Böhlau Verlag Wien, Jan 1, 1997 pp. 271–280
Jaroslav Zyka-Borotínský: Jindřich Fügner: Vzpomínky sokolské, F. Topič, 1925
Renata Tyršová: Jindřich Fügner: paměti a vzpomínsky na mého otce, Volume 1, Český čtenář, 1926
Jindřich Fügner 1822-1922: k stým narozeninám prvého starosty pražské tělocvičné jednoty Sokol, Matice Sokola pražského, 1922
Jindřich Fügner: nástin jeho života a působeni : k uctění 20 leté památky úmrtí prvního starosty svého, Nákladem vlastním, 1896
External links
Jindřich Fügner viz též Jindřich Fügner
Jindřich Fügner zakladatel Sokola
Výstavní panel výstavy Pod křídly Sokola: Jindřich Fügner a Miroslav Tyrš
1822 births
1865 deaths
Czech people of German descent
Czech sports executives and administrators
People associated with physical culture
Sportspeople from Prague
Burials at Olšany Cemetery
T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia (T-ALL) is a type of acute lymphoblastic leukemia with aggressive malignant neoplasm of the bone marrow. Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) is a condition where immature white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow, subsequently crowding out normal white blood cells and create build-up in the liver, spleen, and lymph nodes. The two most common types of ALL are B-Lymphocytes and T-Lymphocytes, where the first protects the body against viruses and bacteria through antibody production which can directly destroy target cells or trigger others to do so, whilst the latter directly destroy bacteria or cells infected with viruses. Approximately 20% of all ALL patients are categorized specifically to suffer from T-ALL and it is seen to be more prevalent in the adult population in comparison to children, with incidences shown to diminish with age. Amongst T-ALL cases in the pediatric population, a median onset of age 9 has been identified and the disease is particularly prominent amongst adolescents. The disease stems from cytogenic and molecular abnormalities, resulting in disruption of developmental pathways controlling thymocyte development, tumor suppressor development, and alterations in control of cell growth and proliferation. Distinct from adult T-Cell Leukemia where T-Cell Lymphotropic Virus Type I causes malignant maturation of T-cells, T-ALL is a precursor for lymphoid neoplasm. Its clinical presentation most commonly includes infiltration of the central nervous system (CNS), and further identifies mediastinal mass presence originating from the thymus, along with extramedullary involvement of multiple organs including the lymph node as a result of hyperleukocytosis.
Signs and symptoms
T-ALL patients may not always experience the all signs and symptoms below. Patients with other medical conditions that are not leukemia may also experience similar symptoms.
Recurrent infections due to lack of normal white blood cells (neutrophils)
Unusual and/or common bleeding and bruising
Extreme tiredness and swellings in the neck (lymph nodes) or the middle of the chest, causing possible facial swelling
Unexplained fevers, chills, and/or night sweats
Unexplained weight loss and/or loss of appetite
Swollen lymph nodes
Unexplained skin itch
Clinical manifestations
Originating from epigenetic and genetic alterations in immature thymocytes, T-ALL is a highly aggressive and heterogenous disease. Patients often present extensive bone marrow involvement, mediastinal mass, adenopathy, CNS involvement, and splenomegaly. Symptoms can be presented acutely or develop progressively over time. The most common clinical feature amongst patients is the proliferation of malignant clones, hence suppressing normal hematopoiesis, resulting in deficiency of functioning peripheral blood cells (particularly thrombocytes) deficiency.
Risk factors
T-ALL is not a contagious nor inherited condition. Its two main risk factors are age and gender. Most cases of leukemia increase with age, with ALL being the main exception, which peaks in children aged 2 to 5 years. T-ALL is seen to be most prevalent in the adult population, but amongst cases in the pediatric population, it is seen to have a median onset of age 9 and is most prominent to adolescents. The disease also is marked male predominance with a three-fold increased risk of developing T-ALL in comparison to females. It is currently unclear as to why T-ALL is preferential towards older children and males.
Cytogenetics
Basic karyotyping showed structural chromosomal rearrangements in 50-75% of T-ALL patients, primarily inversion and translocations. Diagnostic yield can be substantially increased through further diagnosis through Fluorescent In Situ Hybridization (FISH) and other various molecular technologies, for example Single Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNP) array. The most common structural abnormality is rearrangement of the TCR gene. 95% of T-Cell TCR consist of an alpha and beta chain (encoded by TRA and TRB, respectively), where only 5% of T-Cell TCR consists of gamma and delta chains (encoded by TRG and TRD, respectively).
Karyotyping showed that TRD and TRB undergo recombination most commonly, whereas TRA is seldom involved and TRG is rarely rearranged. These rearrangements affect the normal process of TCR and could lead to cellular machinery failing to correctly repair recombination-activating RAG protein induced double-strand breaks (DSBs). All 30 genes known to illegitimately recombine with TCR genes function primarily to regulate epigenetics through roles such as signal transducers, transcription factors (tumor suppressors or oncogenes), cell cycle regulators, or ribosomal proteins.
T-Cell TCR encoded by TRA, TRD, and TRG at chromosome bands 14q11 and 7q34 become malignant in T-ALL patients. The build-up of malignant T-cells in T-ALL are clones with identical T-cell receptor gene arrangements having taken rise from a single cell. The gene rearrangements, as a result of the malignant cell, juxtapose both TCR genes and other critical genes that code for transcription factors. This results in dysregulation of partner gene transcription, which serves as the main cause of leukemogenesis - a multi-step process of induction, development, and progression of leukemic diseases. 20% of all leukemias demonstrate simultaneous rearrangement of these genes.
Pathology
Like most cancers, mutations in the DNA begin T-ALL development and lead to loss of function of white blood cells. Different subtypes of leukemia have similarities in their causes, which are a combination of genetics, epigenetic changes, and environmental factors. However, because there are few T-ALL cases in comparison to other subtypes of leukemia, there is currently no clear cause of T-ALL. T-ALL is not contagious nor inherited but specific genetic mutations, commonly including NOTCH1 and CDKN2A, may be passed along which increases susceptibility of T-ALL.
Causes of T-ALL
Genetic conditions
Some patients may have familial histories with leukemia predispositions which increases risk of developing T-ALL. Li-Fraumeni syndrome is an inherited condition that leads to mutation of TP53, a tumor suppressor gene, which then increases risk of T-ALL. Mutation in gene SPRED1 is also associated with development of T-ALL.
Patients with immature thymocytes in the thymus begins T-ALL development. Furthermore, hereditary conditions such as Down syndrome, neurofibromatosis type 1, ataxia telangiectasia, and Noonan syndrome are associated with higher risk of developing T-ALL.
Radiation exposure
Those who have had previous chemotherapy and exposure to radiation may have increased risks of developing T-ALL. CDKN2A is an inherited polymorphism variant that is seen to be associated with development of T-ALL. SR-90 emission from nuclear reactor accidents is also believed to increase risk of developing T-ALL.
Chemical exposure
Benzene, a chemical classified as being carcinogenic to humans, is associated with increased risk of T-ALL, as well as other forms of leukemia.
Viruses
Human T-Lymphotropic virus (HTLV-1) is a retroviral infection that affect white blood cells (T cells), which may later develop into T-ALL and other subtypes of leukemia.
Diagnosis
When doctors are suspicious of a patient potentially suffering from T-ALL after careful examination of background (including medical history, signs, and symptoms), doctors would then conduct tests, procedures, and scans to proceed with diagnosis of T-ALL. Some symptoms and medical history may not be specific enough to diagnose T-ALL, so further testing may be required. Doctors may consider some factors mentioned but would not necessarily conduct all tests possible.
Assessments
Blood tests
Complete blood count (CBC) is done to test for T-ALL by measuring the different types and maturity of cells in the patient's blood, which allows the donor to determine whether leukemic cells are present in the patient. Additionally, blood tests that show high levels of white blood cells or low levels of red blood cells may also be a sign of T-ALL. Further testing could also help indicate whether T-ALL has affected other organs such as the kidneys as well as the genetic alterations of the disease.
Bone marrow aspiration and biopsy
Bone marrow consists of a combination of solid and liquid components. Bone marrow aspiration and biopsies are typically done simultaneously to help determine and confirm the type and severity of T-ALL. Further biopsies such as skin and lymph node biopsies may also need to be done to check for the spread of T-ALL.
X-rays and ultrasound
As swollen spleen and lymph nodes are symptoms of T-ALL, X-rays and ultrasound scans, such as CT and MRI, can help confirm the diagnosis. This also provides information on the impact T-ALL has on other organs of the body.
Lumbar puncture
To prevent ineffective treatments towards T-Cells that have invaded the CNS, lumbar puncture allows doctors to determine whether the treatments will be effective. This also reveals the spread of T-ALL.
Genetic test
Genetic testing helps identify chromosomal abnormalities in the patients. This can help identify the genetic mutations and therefore diagnose the specific leukemia subtype.
Staging
Normal staging is not used for T-ALL because it is already spread throughout the body when first diagnosed. However, they have their own system of classifying T-ALL cases. First, patterns of gene expression are investigated to define T-ALL. Then, stages of thymic development can be determined by identifying specific expressions in chromosomal abnormalities. This forms the stages of T-ALL cases being either at high or low risk. Patients will then receive the appropriate treatment in respect to whichever class they are in.
MicroRNA signature
Analysis with novel SmallRNA-seq tools showed significant differential expression for hsa-miR-16-5p, hsa-miR-19b-3p, hsa-miR-92a-2-5p, hsa-miR-128-3p (ranked first), hsa-miR-130b-3p and -5p, hsa-miR-181a-5p, -2-3p and -3p, hsa-miR-181b-5p and -3p, hsa-miR-145-5p and hsa-miR-574-3p, in children with T-ALL compared with controls.
Treatment
Currently, standard treatment of T-ALL takes the form of long-term chemotherapy and drug intake to prevent or treat side effects associated with low white blood cell count as a result of intensive chemotherapy regimes. The treatment typically takes place over three stages: induction, consolidation, and maintenance. Treatment is expected to span over approximately two years with the maintenance phase lasting the longest. T-ALL can spread to areas of the brain and spinal cord, which can be diagnosed through lumbar puncture assessment in patients suspected to suffer from T-ALL. Lumbar puncture helps to identify leukemic cells surrounding the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Even if leukemic cells are not found in the CSF at the time of diagnosis, it is highly likely that they will spread there with time and progression of the disease. Henceforth, Prophylactic Intrathecal Chemotherapy in CNS lymphoma, a treatment to lower risk of leukemia spreading to the spinal cord and brain by directly administering chemotherapy to the CSF, is crucial.
In comparison to B-ALL, T-ALL patients present more high-risk features including tendency for earlier relapse, CNS involvement, and resistance to chemotherapy. In response, Prophylactic Intrathecal Chemotherapy is further enhanced with CNS radiation therapy. In treating high-risk T-ALL patients, allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation has been deemed to produce highly successful and promising results. However, its consequence includes increased relapse, which reduces its curative potential. Patients undergoing transplantation must be continuously monitored for Minimal Residual Disease (MRD), usually via qPCR analysis of T-Cell Receptor (TCR) genes to evaluate for fusion transcripts such as SIL-TAL1. Mutation of TAL1 is frequently present in T-ALL patients, where SIL/TAL1 fusion gives rise to inappropriate TAL1 expression, in turn promoting T-Cell leukemogenesis. The analysis is critical to ensure that immediate intervention is taken during early stages of relapse.
Young T-ALL patients showed significant improvement through multimodal therapy, involving initial induction therapy – including a glucocorticoid, vincristine, L-asparaginase, and an anthracycline - for 4 to 6 weeks, intensive combination therapy for 6–8 months, lastly 18–30 months of low-intensity anti-metabolite-based therapy. It is crucial to note the importance of differential treatment amongst youth and adults. Studies have shown that through administering a random variation of either traditional pediatric scheme or intensive block-based chemotherapy, the two groups showed significantly different responses. Although both treatments included administering high-dose methotrexate and asparaginase and allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, high survival and low death rates were present for all patients for the first treatment whereas the latter led to a high toxic death rate amongst adults.
Prognosis
In childhood, T-ALL patients can expect a 5-year event free survival and overall survival of, respectively, 70% and 80%. Amongst approximately 25% of children who relapse, survival rate sits at 30-50% and the patients show much poorer prognosis. Monitoring for MRD is critical as previously mentioned, through qPCR analysis, in order to evaluate the efficacy of treatment.
Recent genomic studies have found that a selection of genetic variants in relation to clonal evolution that drive resistance have been found as the basis for T-ALL relapse. Over 20% of patients with relapsed T-ALL showed mutation in the variant cytosolic 5'-nucleotidase II (NT5C2) gene, while the TFDP3 gene has also been found to confer chemoresistance in children.
Epidemiology
Although over 100 genes mutations have been identified in T-ALL patients, only NOTCH1 and CDKN2A mutations are considered to be common.
In over 50% of pediatric T-ALL cases, mutations in epigenetic regulators have been identified. This activates mutations of NOTCH1 and gene FBXW7 causes the tumor-suppressing gene to lose its functions, leading to T-ALL.
Near-telomeric location may sometimes generate subtle exchanges in DNA material at the loci involved in oncogenic rearrangements of T-ALL. This causes cryptic translocation and therefore deletes the putative tumor suppressor gene CDKN2A (INK4A). At the same time, TLX1 and NOTCH1 may also be activated at higher frequency than usual. The multistep prognosis of T-ALL has hence been said to intensify and rapidly progress due to accumulation of effects resulting from dysregulation of multiple signaling pathways.
References
Acute lymphocytic leukemia
Lymphocytic leukemia
Vasyl Stolyar () (born April 11, 1962, in Lutsk) is a Ukrainian business person and chairperson of FC Volyn Lutsk.
President of FC Volyn Lutsk
In March 2000, Vasyl Stolyar founded the Junior Football School "Femida-Inter" (Lutsk), presently Junior Football School "Volyn". Since January 2001 – FC Volyn Lutsk vice-president. Holds the position of FC Volyn Lutsk president since 2003.
Political activities
Stolyar is a member of the Volyn Oblast council (the parliament of Volyn Oblast) since 2006; during the 2006 Ukrainian local elections they were elected on the list of Our Ukraine and during the 2010 Ukrainian local elections they were elected for Front of Changes. As a member of Front of Changes. On 15 June 2013 their Front for Change (party) merged into "Fatherland".
Family
Stolyar is divorced and has three sons.
References
External links
Vasyl Stolyar's profile on FC Volyn Lutsk official website
1962 births
Living people
People from Lutsk
Ukrainian businesspeople
Front for Change (Ukraine) politicians
Ukrainian football chairpeople and investors
All-Ukrainian Union "Fatherland" politicians
FC Volyn Lutsk
Mount Rorqual () is a peak between Starbuck and Stubb Glaciers in southeastern Aristotle Mountains, 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Mount Queequeg, on the east side of Graham Land. The feature is rocky and precipitous, rises to 1,110 m and is separated from Cachalot Peak by a narrow ridge. The name is one of a group in the area applied by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) that reflects a whaling theme, the Rorquals being a species of baleen whales.
Mountains of Graham Land
Oscar II Coast
Frank Robinson Hartley FRSC FRAeS (born 29 January 1942) is a former vice-chancellor of Cranfield University (previously the Cranfield Institute of Technology) from 1989 to 2006.
Early life and career
They were the son of Sir Frank Hartley CBE a former vice chancellor of London University.
They were educated at King's College School, Wimbledon, London, and Magdalen College, Oxford.
Career
They were post-doctoral fellow in protein chemistry at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in Melbourne from 1966 to 1969. They were then Imperial Chemical Industries Research Fellow and tutor in physical chemistry at University College London from 1969 to 1970. From 1970 to 1975 they were lecturer in inorganic chemistry at the University of Southampton.
They then joined the Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham (RMCS), as professor of chemistry and head of the department of chemistry and metallurgy from 1975 to 1982, acting dean from 1982 to 1984, principal and dean from 1984 to 1989. From 1989 to 1990 they were director of Cranfield Institute of Technology (CIT – later Cranfield University) which was incorporated by Royal Charter in 1969 – an academic partnership (RMCS) had been formed in 1984. They were vice-chancellor of Cranfield University from 1989 to 2006.
Personal life
They married first, 1964, Valerie Peel (died 2005), and they had three daughters. They married second, 2009, Charmaine Harvey.
Publications
"The Chemistry of Platinum and Palladium", Applied Science, 1973
"Elements of Organometallic Chemistry", Chemical Society, 1974, with C Burgess and R M Alcock
"Solution Equilibria", 1985
"The Chemistry of the Metal-Carbon Bond", Vol 1 1983, Vol 2 1984, Vol 3 1985, Vol 4 1987, Vol 5 1989 (with S Patel)
"The Chemistry of Organophosphorus Coumpounds" Vol 2-4 1990-1996
"Supported Metal Complexes" 1989
"The chemistry of the Platinum Group Metals", 1991
References
Fellows of the Royal Society of Chemistry
People associated with Cranfield University
Fellows of the Royal Aeronautical Society
People educated at King's College School, London
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
1942 births
Living people
Academics of Cranfield University
Shenley is an area of Buckinghamshire consisting of the villages and areas Shenley Wood, Shenley Lodge, Shenley Brook End, Shenley Dens, Shenley Hill and Shenley Church End. It is one of the parts of the region that went to make up the new city of Milton Keynes in the 1960s. Shenley is located to the west of the city centre, on the Roman road Watling Street between Stony Stratford and Fenny Stratford.
The name Shenley is an Old English language word meaning "bright clearing". In the Domesday Book of 1086 the area was collectively known as Senelai.
The distinction between the Brook End and the Church End happened in the 12th century when a new manor house was constructed in Shenley Brook End by the Mansell family. However by 1426 the two manors were owned by the same person and the distinction between the two places was in name only.
See also
Energy World
References
Areas of Milton Keynes
Marcel Sulliger (born 17 July 1967) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
External links
1967 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Swiss people
The grey-throated barbet (Gymnobucco bonapartei) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family (African barbets).
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Kenya, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
References
grey-throated barbet
Birds of Central Africa
grey-throated barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Hart–Hoch House is a historic Federal style home, built c. 1800 in Hopewell Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 14, 1973.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, New Jersey
References
National Register of Historic Places in Mercer County, New Jersey
Houses in Mercer County, New Jersey
Hopewell Township, Mercer County, New Jersey
Houses completed in 1800
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
1800 establishments in New Jersey
Palacio Municipal may refer to:
Places
City government headquarters
Palacio Municipal de la Ciudad de Buenos Aires in Argentina
Palacio Municipal de Caracas in Venezuela
Palacio Municipal (Castellón) in Spain
Palacio Municipal in Chihuahua
Palacio Municipal in San Miguel de Cozumel, Cozumel Municipality, Mexico
Palacio Municipal de Guadalajara in Mexico
Palacio Municipal de Guayaquil in Ecuador
Palacio Municipal de Junín in Argentina
Palacio Municipal de La Plata in Argentina
Palacio Municipal de Lima in Peru
Palacio Municipal (Montevideo) in Uruguay
Palacio Municipal de Naucalpan in Mexico
Palacio Municipal (Plasencia) in Spain
Palacio Municipal de Puebla in Mexico
Palacio Municipal de Tijuana in Mexico
Palacio Municipal de Mérida in Mexico
Municipal congress centers
Palacio Municipal de Congresos, in Madrid, Spain
Municipal sport installations
Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Granada in Granada, Spain
Palacio de los Deportes de León in León, Spain
See also
Palacio Municipal (Mexibús), a BRT station in Nezahualcóyotl, Mexico
Aristomachos of Argos () was a general of the Achaean League in Ancient Greece who served only for a year, 228 – 227 BC. Their father Aristomachos the Elder and their brother Aristippos had both been tyrants of the city of Argos, and after the latter's death in 235 the younger brother became tyrant himself. In 229 they were convinced to resign by Aratus of Sicyon and let their city join the Achaean League. As a reward, they were elected strategos of the League. Later they betrayed Argos to Cleomenes of Sparta. When Argos was retaken by the forces of Achaea and Macedonia (Aratus having made an alliance with Antigonus III Doson), they were tortured and executed, probably in 223 BC.
References
Ancient Argives
Ancient Greek generals
3rd-century BC Greek people
Achaean League
Ancient Greek tyrants
Gabriella (Gaby) Angelini (1911 - 3 December 1932) was an Italian aviator.
Angelini was born in Milan to a wealthy family. They earned their pilot's license at the age of 19, and quickly became a popular figure in Italy. They were the first Italian woman to complete a trans-European flight, travelling to eight European countries, for which they received a Golden Eagle Medal. In 1932 they left Italy on a solo flight to Delhi, India, travelling in a Breda Ba.15 aeroplane. Angelini encountered difficulties during a sandstorm in Libya en route, and crashed in the desert and died. More than 120,000 people attended their funeral in Milan.
In 2014 a book was published about Angelini's life, titled La Leggenda di Little Gaby (The Legend of Little Gaby).
References
1911 births
1932 deaths
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents
Italian aviators
Italian women aviators
People from Milan
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1932
Frank Dufina (June 30, 1884 – August 11, 1972) was an American professional golfer of Chippewa descent in the early years of the sport in the United States.
Dufina began their career in 1898 at the just-opened Wawashkamo Golf Club on Mackinac Island, Michigan, where they became the club professional. A member of the Mackinac Bands of Chippewa and Ottawa Indians, they were the first Native American to play golf on the professional circuit. Dufina played in the Western Open in 1911 and 1922.
They continued to play and in 1968 was named as the "Longest Working Golf Professional in History" by Golf Digest. They counted many early golf professionals among their friends, including golf legend Walter Hagen. He, along with other notable golfers such as Arnold Palmer, served as a pallbearer at Hagen's funeral. Named for him, the Frank Dufina Match Play Championship is held annually at Wawashkamo Golf Club.
References
Further reading
Frank Straus, Brian Dunnigan: Walk a Crooked Trail. a Centennial History of Wawashkamo Golf Club (2000)
American male golfers
Golfers from Michigan
Native American sportspeople
Native American people from Michigan
People from Mackinac Island, Michigan
1884 births
1972 deaths
The 2018–19 international cricket season was from September 2018 to April 2019. 34 Test matches, 92 One Day Internationals (ODIs) and 74 Twenty20 International (T20Is), as well as 28 Women's One Day Internationals (WODIs) and 130 Women's Twenty20 Internationals (WT20Is), were played during this period. The season started with India leading the Test cricket rankings, England leading the ODI rankings and Pakistan leading the Twenty20 rankings. In October 2018, the International Cricket Council (ICC) introduced separate rankings for women's ODIs and T20Is for the first time, with Australia women leading both tables.
All men's Twenty20 matches played between member sides after 1 January 2019 were given full international status and classified as T20Is, as per a decision made by the ICC in April 2018 (the same had applied to women's Twenty20 matches since 1 July 2018). The first men's T20Is to be classified as such under these new rules took place at the 2019 ACC Western Region T20.
Men's international cricket started off with the 2018 Asia Cup Qualifier, which saw Hong Kong qualify for the 2018 Asia Cup. The Asia Cup started nine days later and was won by India, who beat Bangladesh in the final. Other highlights included New Zealand beating Pakistan in an away Test series for the first time in 49 years, India winning a Test series against Australia in Australia for the first time ever, and Sri Lanka becoming the first side from Asia to win a Test series against South Africa in South Africa. The last Test match of Bangladesh's tour of New Zealand was cancelled due to the Christchurch mosque shootings. In March 2019, Afghanistan won their first Test match, beating Ireland by seven wickets in their one-off Test in India.
On 20 October, the ICC announced a major revamp to the 2023 Cricket World Cup qualification process. Following the conclusion of the Division Three and Division Two tournaments, the World Cricket League (WCL) was scrapped and the new qualification pathway consisted of the following tournaments: CWC Super League (comprising the 12 Full Members and the Netherlands), CWC League 2 (comprising Scotland, Nepal, the United Arab Emirates, and the top four finishers the Division Two tournament), CWC Challenge League (the next best 12 nations based on final rankings in the WCL), CWC Play-Off, and the CWC Qualifier. The 2018 ICC World Cricket League Division Three tournament, which was held in Oman, saw Oman and the United States promoted to Division Two, while Singapore, Kenya, Denmark and Uganda were placed in the CWC Challenge League. The Division Two tournaments, was held in Namibia in April. Oman, Namibia, the United States and Papua New Guinea all finished in the top four places, and gained ODI status in the process.
The qualification process for the 2020 ICC T20 World Cup started during the season. The East Asia-Pacific (EAP) Group B Subregional Qualifier, held in the Philippines, saw the Philippines qualify for the EAP Regional Qualifier. The Asia Eastern Sub Region Qualifier, held in Malaysia, saw Nepal, Singapore, and Malaysia qualify for the Asia Region Qualifier. The Africa Southern Sub Region Qualifier, held in Botswana, saw Botswana and Namibia qualify for the Africa Region Qualifier. The Americas Northern Sub Region Qualifier, held in the United States, saw Canada and the United States qualify for the America Region Qualifier. Papua New Guinea won the Regional Final of the EAP Qualifier to become the first team to qualify for the 2019 ICC T20 World Cup Qualifier tournament.
Women's international cricket started off with India's tour of Sri Lanka. The highlight of women's cricket for the 2018–19 season was the Women's World Twenty20, which was won by Australia. The 2019 ICC Women's Qualifier Asia saw Thailand qualify for both the 2019 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier and 2020 Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier.
Season overview
Rankings
The following were the rankings at the beginning of the season.
September
2018 Asia Cup Qualifier
India women in Sri Lanka
2018 Asia Cup
Super Four
South Africa women in West Indies
New Zealand women in Australia
Zimbabwe in South Africa
October
Pakistan women in Bangladesh
West Indies in India
Australia in the United Arab Emirates
England in Sri Lanka
Australia women against Pakistan women in Malaysia
Zimbabwe in Bangladesh
Australia vs United Arab Emirates
New Zealand vs Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates
November
South Africa in Australia
2018 ICC World Cricket League Division Three
2018 ICC Women's World Twenty20
India in Australia
West Indies in Bangladesh
December
Sri Lanka in New Zealand
Pakistan in South Africa
January
India in New Zealand
England in West Indies
India women in New Zealand
Sri Lanka in Australia
Nepal in the United Arab Emirates
West Indies women in Pakistan and UAE
February
Sri Lanka women in South Africa
Bangladesh in New Zealand
The third and final Test match of the tour was cancelled due to the Christchurch mosque shootings.
2018–19 Oman Quadrangular Series
Sri Lanka in South Africa
2019 ICC Women's Qualifier Asia
Scotland in Oman
Ireland vs Afghanistan in India
England women in India
Australia in India
March
United States in the United Arab Emirates
England women in Sri Lanka
2019 ICC T20 World Cup East Asia-Pacific Qualifier
Australia vs Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates
Zimbabwe in India
Zimbabwe were scheduled to tour India to play one Test and three ODI matches. However, the dates clashed with the 2019 Indian Premier League, and the series was postponed.
April
United Arab Emirates in Zimbabwe
2019 ICC World Cricket League Division Two
Final standings
Notes
See also
Associate international cricket in 2018–19
References
2018 in cricket
2019 in cricket
2018 sport-related lists
Sebenardı is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Brigadier General Lê Nguyên Vỹ (22 August 1933, Son Tay, Tonkin, French Indochina—30 April 1975, Saigon, Republic of Vietnam) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.
Education
In 1951, they graduated from the officers candidate course in the Regional Military School, Military Region II at Phu Bai near Huế.
Military service
They were the commander of 5th Infantry Division at Lai Khe. They were born in Son Tay province, North Vietnam. As a deputy Commander of the 5th Infantry, They fought fiercely during the siege of Battle of An Lộc and later was promoted to the CO of the division.
On April 30, 1975, after receiving the order to surrender after the communist North Vietnamese and Việt Cộng captured Saigon, they committed suicide at 11:00 AM, at the division headquarters in Lai Khe.
External links
An Exceptional Regimental Commander
1933 births
1975 deaths
People from Hanoi
Army of the Republic of Vietnam generals
Vietnamese military personnel
South Vietnamese military personnel of the Vietnam War
Deaths by firearm in Vietnam
Omar Palma is a midfielder. They were born on April 12, 1958, in the city of Campo Largo in the Chaco Province of Argentina. They played most of their career for Rosario Central in Argentina. They were the top scorer of the 1986–87 season with 20 goals in 38 games for Central's championship winning campaign.
Playing career
Club
Palma made their debut with Rosario Central in 1979, they went on to win two titles with the club, the Nacional in 1980 and the 1986-1987 championship.
After their goalscoring feats of the '86–87 season they were signed by Argentine giants River Plate, but their two seasons with the club were far from successful but they did play in both legs of the Copa Interamericana 1987, which River won 3-0.
Palma was sold to Mexican club CD Veracruz in 1989 but they soon returned to Rosario Central. Central won the Copa Conmebol (currently known as Copa Sudamericana) in 1995 and Palma finally retired in 1998 at the age of 40 after making 339 league appearances and scoring 61 goals for the club. They played 355 games for them in all competitions scoring 63 goals.
Honours
Club
Rosario Central
Primera Division Argentina: 1980, 1986/87
Segunda Division Argentina: 1985
Copa Conmebol: 1995
River Plate
Copa Interamericana: 1987
Individual
Primera División Argentina topscorer: 1986/87
External links
Player Statistics at Futbol Pasion
Player profile at Canalla.com
1958 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chaco Province
Argentine footballers
Association football forwards
Rosario Central footballers
Club Atlético Colón footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
C.D. Veracruz footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Primera Nacional players
Liga MX players
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Rosario Central managers
Argentine football managers
Marcos Jiménez de la Espada (1831–1898) was a Spanish zoologist, herpetologist, explorer and writer, born in Cartagena, Spain, although they spent most of their life in Madrid, where they died.  They are known for participating in the Pacific Scientific Commission, with whom they traveled America from 1862 to 1865. They also published several works on geography and history of the American continent.
Biography
The son of a politician, Jiménez de la Espada had to move several times during their childhood and youth, studying in Valladolid, Barcelona and Sevilla.
In 1850, they started a career in Natural Sciences in the Universidad Complutense de Madrid, finishing five years later with the work "The Blainville Amphibians and the Cuvier Batracians form a class apart". The study and taxonomy of the amphibians would be a recurring theme in their scientific work afterwards.
Two years after earning their degree, they got their first job as an assistant in the Natural history department of the university. They also got another job in 1857, also as an assistant, in the Natural Science Museum of the Court (now Natural Science Museum of Madrid.) In both cases, their research work (which lasted 7 years) centered on zoology and comparative anatomy. However, it must be said that their positions at the museum were never very important (except at the end of their life), due to the fall from grace of their teacher and advisor, Mariano de la Paz Graells, in 1867.
Scientific work
Zoology
During all their American adventure, Jiménez de la Espada collected many kinds of animals that they not only studied, but also sent alive to Madrid. Before going on the expedition they worked several years in the preparation of foreign animals in the Botanical Garden of Madrid, always under Graells's tutelage. With the acquired experience, it was not hard for them to do the same with the many species of mammals, birds, and reptiles that, until then, had never been taken to Europe. (These include mara of Patagonia, the South American condor, and the guanaco.) Many descendants of these animals would later be given to European zoos, which would garner Jiménez the First Class Medal of Mammal Division by the Société impériale zoologique d'acclimatation of France, on 23 March 1866.
They spent six years dedicated exclusively to the study and re-ordering of materials collected during the expedition, which they would include in their future works. In 1870, they published the article Some new and curious facts about the Amazonian fauna in a bulletin of the Universidad de Madrid. In this work, they described, among other things, the appearance and behavior of the Thyroptera albiventer bat. In 1871, they published the report Unknown Species of Neo-tropical Fauna in the Lisbon Science Academy Journal, and that same year they founded, along with other colleagues, the Spanish Society of Natural History, where they would publish most of their further works.
They were already a well-known author in Europe when they published their greatest work in the field of zoology: Vertebrados del viaje al Pacifico. Batracios (Batrachians: Vertebrates from the trip to the Pacific), written after the exhaustive study of 786 species collected during their trip. In the work, published in 1875 and re-printed in 1978, they described a total of 18 genera and species already known, as well as 2 genera, 12 species and 3 subspecies previously unknown at that time. The article not only described the species from an anatomical point of view, but also covered their biology and behavior. Most known is their conclusion about the frog Rhinoderma darwinii, for which they debated the erroneous idea that its gestation process occurred in its mouth, as opposed to laying eggs which it later incubated in its mouth, as they proved. This complex study is considered, nowadays, a classic in zoological literature.
Geography, history, and anthropology
Despite being at the climax of their zoologist prestige, Jiménez de la Espada put their scientific work at hold and devoted themselves to the study of geography and American history. In 1876, they founded the Geographic Society of Madrid, and in 1883, they entered the History Academy. From there, they directed the re-edition of works of great medieval and modern travelers like Pero Tafur and the Jesuit, Bernabé Cobo, and the works of pre-Hispanic Perú from Pedro Cieza de León and Bartolomé de las Casas. From 1881 to 1897 they published four volumes of their work Geographic Relations of the Indies, which garnered them the Loubat prize from the History Academy. In 1882 they were elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society.
They participated in congresses in Brussels, Madrid, Turín, Berlin and Paris. Their work in favor of the divulgation of the Inca culture won them the Gold Medal from the Government of Perú. They were also made a member of various international societies. In 1895, they were named president of the Spanish Society of Natural History, which they founded.
Curiously, they did not present their doctoral thesis until April 1898, three months before they were named cathedratic of comparative anatomy and six months before their death. Their death truncated the ample study that they were preparing about the maritime expedition of Alessandro Malaspina in the 18th century. Francisco Giner de los Ríos and other friends presented them as a symbol of Spanish scientific regenerationism during a posthumous ceremony in their honor.
See also
Zoology
References
This article draws heavily on the corresponding article in the Spanish-language Wikipedia, which was accessed in the version of 6 December 2005
External links
1831 births
1898 deaths
Spanish zoologists
People from Cartagena, Spain
Muisca scholars
Members of the American Antiquarian Society
The Binda Group is an Italian watch, jewellery, leather accessories corporate group founded by Innocente Binda in 1906, headquartered in Milan and headed by brothers Marcello and Simone Binda, grandsons of the founder.
Organization
The company owns subsidiaries in eight countries. Binda's three main business units are watches, jewellery and leather. It produces and distributes its own brands, including several companies. The group also licences watch and jewellery brands from Dolce & Gabbana with brands D&G Time and D&G Jewels, from Moschino with brands Moschino CheapAndChic and Love Moschino, from Ducati Corse and from Nike. In 1997, Binda acquired the distribution rights to Seiko and Lorus for the Italian market.
Binda operates in more than 70 markets with approximately 400 employees worldwide, and ended 2007 with consolidated revenues of €297 million and sales of approximately 5 million pieces. Its watches include those made in the Far East, retailing under $100 (75 euros), Swiss-made ones, averaging about $1,400 (1,000 euros), and complicated tourbillon watches, retailing above $184,000 (130,000 euros).
Breil Milano's two brand ambassadors are Oscar-winning actor Charlize Theron and film actor Edward Norton.
Subsidiaries
The following companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of Binda Group:
Breil (company),
Vetta (company),
Wyler Genève,
Hip Hop (company),
Chronotech,
Freestyle California,
Think Big Jewels,
Feelo.
External links
Binda Group
References
Manufacturing companies established in 1906
Watchmaking conglomerates
Manufacturing companies based in Milan
Watch manufacturing companies of Italy
Italian brands
Design companies established in 1906
Italian companies established in 1906
Corporate groups
Ravel Peak () is an isolated peak, rising to about 1,300 m, surmounting Debussy Heights situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica. The peak is markedly pyramid shaped when viewed from the east side. First mapped from air photos taken by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947–48, by Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1960. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) after Maurice Ravel (1875–1937), French composer and in association with the nearby landforms named after composers in this area.
See also
Copland Peak
Lamina Peak
Richter Peaks
Mountains of Alexander Island
Michael George DeSombre (born 1968) is the former United States Ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand. Prior to their Senate confirmation in January 2020, they were a partner of Sullivan & Cromwell.  They are also a former chairperson of Save the Children Hong Kong.
Biography
DeSombre joined Sullivan & Cromwell LLP in 1995 and became a partner of the law firm in 2004, where they led its mergers and acquisitions practice in Asia. Their clients included Goldman Sachs, Anheuser-Busch InBev and Credit Suisse.
In 2013, they co-founded Republicans Overseas for Americans abroad. The organization focuses on tax reform and proposed replacing FATCA with territorial taxation for individuals to the House Ways and Means Committee, as part of a 2017 executive order to review the Dodd-Frank Act.
DeSombre supported the presidential candidacies of Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush.
They were nominated as U.S. Ambassador to Thailand by President Donald Trump on July 17, 2019.  They are the first political appointee to the position since 1975. They were confirmed by the United States Senate on January 8, 2020, succeeding career diplomat Glyn T. Davies.
DeSombre has stated that their Office will primarily encourage the economic partnership between the two countries, with focus on American investment and Thailand's infrastructure projects and supply chains. They have also indicated that US firms are interested in increasing investment in Thailand, including in areas under the 1966 Amity treaty. They were sworn into office on March 2, 2020.
In late 2019, following their nomination, DeSombre resigned as chairperson of Save the Children Hong Kong, having served since 2015. They were also a member of the board of the Hong Kong Forum.
Personal life and education
DeSombre was born in 1968 in Chicago, Illinois. They earned a Bachelor of Arts in Quantitative Economics and a Master of Arts in East Asian Studies from Stanford University. They received their Juris Doctor magna cum laude from Harvard Law School in 1995.
Prior to assuming their post in Bangkok in 2020, DeSombre lived in Hong Kong, residing in Asia for two decades.  They are fluent in Mandarin Chinese, and also can speak Korean and Japanese.  They are a supporter of the USA Rugby team, and is active in intellectual and philanthropic communities.  They are married with four children.
References
1968 births
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
21st-century American diplomats
Ambassadors of the United States to Thailand
Columbia University alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Lawyers from Chicago
Shu (, ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the auyl of Tole bi.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
Wakeham is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bill Wakeham (born 1944), British chemical engineer
John Wakeham (born 1932), British business person and politician
Tony Wakeham, Canadian politician
English toponymic surnames
Surnames of English origin
English-language surnames
Acrolepiopsis incertella is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It is found in the eastern half of North America, from southern Ontario to Florida and Mississippi in the south and to Illinois and Michigan in the west.
The length of the forewings 4.3–6 mm.
The larvae feed on the young leaves of Smilax species, including Smilax tamnoides and Smilax herbacea. Each larva ties together the margins of one of the terminal leaves of the host plant, to make a shelter. The larva lives and feeds as a skeletonizer inside this shelter. It is thought the larvae complete development and pupate in the shelter, and then emerge in late May or early June.
References
Moths described in 1872
Acrolepiidae
Edith Irby Jones (December 23, 1927 – July 15, 2019) was an American physician who was the first African American to be accepted as a non-segregated student at the University of Arkansas Medical School and the first black student to attend racially mixed classes in the American South. They were the first African American to graduate from a southern medical school, first black intern in the state of Arkansas, and later first black intern at Baylor College of Medicine.
Jones was the first woman president of the National Medical Association and a founding member of the Association of Black Cardiologists. They were honored by many awards, including induction into both the University of Arkansas College of Medicine Hall of Fame and the inaugural group of women inducted into the Arkansas Women's Hall of Fame.
Biography
Edith Mae Irby was born on December 23, 1927, near Conway in Faulkner County, Arkansas, to Mattie (née Buice) and Robert Irby. Them childhood was difficult: at the age of eight, they lost their father; an older sister died at 12 years of age from typhoid fever; and Irby themselves suffered from rheumatic fever as a child. These events inspired their desire to help those who were underserved and impoverished and catalyzed them toward a career in medicine. Them mother relocated the family to Hot Springs, where Irby graduated in 1944 from Langston Secondary School (named for leader John Mercer Langston).
After winning a scholarship to Knoxville College in Knoxville, Tennessee, they studied chemistry, biology and physics. Irby believed they had an important role and obligation to the black community. One of their teachers had helped them attain the scholarship, members of the local African-American community collected change, and the black press ran a campaign in the Arkansas State Press to raise funds that they donated to them for their tuition and living expenses. During their schooling, they secretly made trips with teams from the NAACP to recruit members for the organization. They graduated with their BS from Knoxville College in 1948 and completed a graduate course at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois to prepare for Medical School.
That same year, they were admitted to the University of Arkansas Medical School, as part of a racially mixed class, and made headlines across the United States from New York to Oregon to North Dakota to Texas. They were the first African American to be accepted in any school in the Southern United States, and the news was carried in September 1948 in The Crisis, Life Magazine's January 31, 1949 issue, the January 1949 edition of Ebony, and such other national publications such as Time and The Washington Post. Although admitted to the school, Jones had to deal with racial discrimination, such as being forced to use separate facilities from whites for housing and dining.
During their second year of school, Irby married Dr. James B. Jones, a professor at the medical school. They had three children together. In 1952, Jones received their Doctor of Medicine degree, the first African-American graduate from University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences. They were accepted to complete the first residency by an African American at a hospital in Arkansas.
Career
Upon their graduation, Jones returned to Hot Springs and practiced medicine there for six years. When tension over the Little Rock Nine polarized Arkansas, and newspapers began to spotlight them again, in 1959 they and their family moved to Houston, Texas. They were accepted as the first black woman intern at the Baylor College of Medicine Affiliated Hospitals. Because the hospital staff was segregated and there were limited patient rosters in Texas, they completed their last three months of residency at Freedman's Hospital in Washington, D.C.
In 1962, they founded a private practice in Houston's "third ward", part of the inner city of Houston, to help those who could not access care elsewhere. That same year, they became chief of cardiology at St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Houston. They also became an associate chief of medicine at Riverside General Hospital. In 1963, they accepted a post as a Clinical Assistant Professor at Baylor College of Medicine. Continuing their education, Jones completed graduate courses at the West Virginia College of Medicine in 1965 and the Cook County Graduate School of Medicine in Chicago in 1966.
In 1964, Jones was elected to serve as second vice president of the National Medical Association (NMA). In 1975, they became the first woman to chair the Council on Scientific Assembly for the NMA; a decade later, they were elected as the first woman president of the organization. Jones also supervised residents at the University of Texas Health Science Center.
Campaigning
Jones was a charter member of the group who formed Physicians for Human Rights. They were active on the boards of Planned Parenthood and the Houston Independent School District. In 1974 they were one of the founding members of the Association of Black Cardiologists.
Jones was an activist for civil rights, working with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as part of the civil rights movement. They were a member of what was known as the "Freedom Four", who spoke across the South in homes and churches encouraging people to join the civil rights movement. Jones was the only physician and only woman in the group; the others were attorneys Floyd Davis, Bob Booker, and Harold Flowers.
Awards, honors and recognition
In 1969, Jones was honored by the Houston Chapter of Theta Sigma Phi professional women with the Matrix Award for Medicine.
In 1986, Edith Irby Jones Day was proclaimed by the City of Houston. In 1988 they were named Internist of the Year by the American Society of Internal Medicine. They were one of the founders of Mercy Hospital in Houston and one of the 12 physician owners and developers of the Park Plaza Hospital.
Throughout their career, Jones received many awards and honors for both their professional and volunteer work, including honorary doctorates from Missouri Valley College (1988), Mary Holmes College (1989), Lindenwood College (1991), and Knoxville College (1992). Memorial Hospital Southeast renamed its ambulatory center in their honor (1998). They were the recipient of the 2001 Oscar E. Edwards Memorial Award for Volunteerism and Community Service from the American College of Physicians, and they were inducted into the University of Arkansas College of Medicine Hall of Fame (2004). US Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee nominated Jones as a Local Legend for the National Library of Medicine. They were in the inaugural class of inductees into the Arkansas Women's Hall of Fame in 2015, and received a commendation from the Texas House of Representatives for their service that same year. Two international hospitals are named in their honor: Dr. Edith Irby Jones Clinic in Vaudreuil, Haiti, which they helped found in 1991, and the Dr. Edith Irby Jones Emergency Clinic in Veracruz, Mexico.
Death
Jones died at age 91 on July 15, 2019, in Houston. Them remains are buried in Greenwood Cemetery in Hot Springs, Garland County, Arkansas.
References
Bibliography
1927 births
2019 deaths
Physicians from Arkansas
Knoxville College alumni
University of Arkansas alumni
University of Texas Medical Branch faculty
Baylor College of Medicine faculty
People from Conway, Arkansas
20th-century American women physicians
21st-century American women physicians
American civil rights activists
Women civil rights activists
20th-century American physicians
21st-century American physicians
20th-century African-American activists
Activists from Arkansas
African-American women physicians
American women academics
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American physicians
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American physicians
"Go to Hell" (stylised in all capitals) is a song by Australian singer Clinton Kane, released on 3 December 2021 as the third single from their forthcoming second EP, Maybe Someday It'll All Be OK.
Background and release
On 1 September 2021, Kane posted on Twitter "ahaha just wrote a song and one of the line says why dont u take them and go to hell". Kane continued to tease the rock song on social media for a while and on 2 December 2021, Kane posted on Twitter announcing the song's release at "midnight tonight".
Reception
Daily Tribune said "'Go to Hell' leans more on the alternative rock leaning edge, a completely different genre from Kane's previous works." Hailey Hastings of Honey Pop said "The track has out-of-this-world vocals and is the start of an all-new era for an artist we simply can not get enough of."
Charts
References
2021 songs
2021 singles
Clinton Kane songs
Columbia Records singles
Songs written by Clinton Kane
Sony Music singles
Let Us Prey is the fourth studio album by English doom metal band Electric Wizard. It was released through Rise Above Records in 2002 and was the last album to feature Electric Wizard's original line-up. After its release, Tim Bagshaw and Mark Greening went on to form Ramesses.
The vinyl edition was originally pressed by The Music Cartel on a single LP. Rise Above later reissued the vinyl version as a 2LP with a bonus track, "Mother of Serpents". This track also appears on the Japanese version of the album as well as the CD reissues on both Rise Above and Candlelight Records.
Musical style
Let Us Prey was a continuation of the more abrasive doom metal sound of their previous album, Dopethrone. It featured more experimentation and guitar layering on some songs. It is also unusual because it is much shorter (43 minutes and 51 seconds) than other Electric Wizard albums (with the exception of their eponymous debut album and Wizard Bloody Wizard), and does not include printed lyrics, making them difficult to decipher.
Speaking to Kerrang! in July 2009, Jus Oborn remembered:
Track listing
Original
Bonus song on Japanese version and reissues
Personnel
Jus Oborn - guitar, vocals
Tim Bagshaw - bass
Mark Greening - drums, piano
Paul Sax - violin on "Night of the Shape"
Stephen O'Malley - artwork
All lyrics - Jus Oborn
All music - Electric Wizard
Release history
References
2002 albums
Electric Wizard albums
Rise Above Records albums
JVC Records albums
Candlelight Records albums
Cynthia A. Phillips is a researcher at the Center for Computing Research of Sandia National Laboratories, known for their work in combinatorial optimization.
Education
Phillips earned a bachelor's degree in applied mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1983,
a master's degree in electrical engineering and computer science from MIT in 1985, and a doctorate in computer science from MIT in 1990.
Them dissertation, on parallel algorithms, was supervised by Charles Leiserson.
Recognition
In 2015 the Association for Computing Machinery listed them as a Distinguished Member.
They became a Fellow of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics in 2016 "for contributions to the theory and applications of combinatorial optimization".
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
American women mathematicians
American women computer scientists
American computer scientists
MIT School of Engineering alumni
Fellows of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
Sandia National Laboratories people
20th-century women mathematicians
21st-century women mathematicians
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Akkarapacha is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. M. Nesan and produced by M. M. Nesan/Sukumaran. The film stars Sathyan, Jayabharathi, Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Sunil in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan as Vasudevan
Jayabharathi as Janamma
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Bhageerathi
Sujatha as Devaki
Sunil as Vijayan
T. R. Omana as Mariya
Paul Vengola as Flirt
Adoor Bhavani as Naaniyamma
Alummoodan as Chellappan
Bahadoor as Shivankutty
Changanacherry Thankam
K. P. Ummer as Bhaskaran
Kollam Lalitha as Sarasamma
N. Govindankutty as Bhargavan
Pala Thankam as Saraswathi
Puthuval as Pappu
Ramankutty Menon as Kochachan
Usha as Chellamma
Vanchiyoor Radha as Janaki
Baby Indira as Anandavally
Soundtrack
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
USCGC Chase (WMSM-916) is the second of the United States Coast Guard (USCG).
Development and design
Heritage-class cutters are the newest class of cutter in the USCG, bridging the capabilities of the and the es. They are tasked to go against lightly armed hostiles in low-threat environments.
In February 2014, the USCG announced that Bollinger Shipyards, Eastern Shipbuilding, and General Dynamics Bath Iron Works had been awarded design contracts for the OPC. The Government Accountability Office denied contract appeals by VT Halter Marine and Ingalls Shipbuilding.
In September 2016, Eastern Shipbuilding of Panama City, Florida, was awarded a $110.3 million contract to build the first Offshore Patrol Cutter with an option to purchase eight additional cutters. On October 15, 2016 the Coast Guard issued a notice to proceed with the detailed design of the Offshore Patrol Cutter to Eastern Shipbuilding.
Construction and career
Chases first steel cutting started on 27 April 2020.  They are scheduled to laid down in 2021 and be completed by 2023.
See also
Integrated Deepwater System Program
References
Heritage-class cutters
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Odious Mortem is an American death metal band from San Francisco/Santa Cruz, California, United States. The band is currently signed to Willowtip Records. Odious Mortem has released three studio albums, through Unique Leader Records and Willowtip Records, as well as an independently released demo in 2003.
Style
Odious Mortem's musical style features technically complex, down-tuned guitars and relentless pummeling drum work. Lyrical themes include humanity, the Earth, drugs, psychosis, greed, fear, suffering, society, annihilation, human consciousness, and the collapse of civilization.
Biography
Odious Mortem was formed in 2000 in Encinitas, California by KC Howard (drums), David Siskin (guitar), and Dan Eggers (guitar, vocals). In 2003, Odious Mortem recorded and independently released a demo, Gestation of Worms, which led to a deal with Unique Leader Records. The band recorded their debut album, Devouring The Prophecy, with engineer Matt Sotelo of Decrepit Birth, in March 2004 at Legion Studios in Santa Cruz, CA. It was released on February 8, 2005.
In 2004, KC Howard joined death metal band Decrepit Birth as a full-time member. In November 2006, after their "Bloodletting North America" tour with Deeds of Flesh, Odious Mortem completed work on their second album and headed into Castle Ultimate Studios in Oakland, California to record new material. The resulting album, Cryptic Implosion, was released on April 24, 2007. Also in 2007, the band played at the Maryland Deathfest.
Other projects
Dan Eggers, Joel Horner, and KC Howard were members of Decrepit Birth until 2010, and Anthony Trapani recently joined the death metal outfit Severed Savior. David Siskin is playing jungle and drum & bass music under the alias Warbreaker.
Discography
Albums
Members
Current members
Anthony Trapani - Vocals
Dan Eggers - Rhythm Guitars
Joel Horner - Bass
KC Howard - Drums
Alex Bacey - Lead Guitars
Cary Geare - Melodic Guitars
Past members
Ivan Munguia - Bass
David Siskin - Guitars
Lee Smith - Drums
References
External links
Official Site
Odious Mortem music, videos, stats, and photos
Cryptic Implosion at Willowtip Records
Death metal musical groups from California
Musicians from Santa Cruz, California
Musical quintets
Robert John Blackman (born 26 April 1956) is a British Conservative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Harrow East since 2010. They have served as the Joint Executive Secretary of the backbench 1922 Committee since 2012. They were the London Assembly member for Brent and Harrow between 2004 and 2008.
Early life and career
Blackman studied at the University of Liverpool and left with a Bachelor of Science degree. While at Liverpool, they were president of the students' union. They joined the sales team of Burroughs Machines (later Unisys) on graduation. They worked in various sales and management positions for BT and worked at their training school in Milton Keynes as a tutor and later as a regulatory compliance manager for BT until their election to Parliament.
Political career
Blackman unsuccessfully stood as the Conservative candidate in the Tokyngton ward of Brent London Borough Council in 1986. In 1990, they stood in the Preston ward and was elected; they retained the seat until 2010, when they did not stand. They were the leader of the Conservative group on Brent council from 1990 to 2010, having been council leader between 1991 and 1996, when their party lost control of the council. From June 2006 to May 2010, they were a deputy leader of Brent Council, the Conservatives having formed a coalition with the Liberal Democrats.
They unsuccessfully stood as the Conservative parliamentary candidate for Brent South at the 1992 election, for Bedford at the 1997 election, and for Brent North at the 2005 election.
They stood as the Conservative Party candidate for the London Assembly constituency of Brent and Harrow at the 2000 elections, losing to the Labour candidate Toby Harris. They defeated Harris at the 2004 assembly elections and was elected as the Conservative group's whip on the London Assembly. In the 2008 Assembly election, Blackman lost their seat to the Labour candidate Navin Shah by 1,649 votes.
Member of Parliament
In the 2010 general election, Blackman gained the Harrow East constituency from Labour's Tony McNulty. They were re-elected in 2015 and 2017.
In 2010 they were elected a member of the Communities and Local Government Select Committee and was elected secretary of the 1922 Committee in 2015 (serving jointly with Nigel Evans until 8 January 2020 when Evans became second deputy chairperson of Ways and Means). In Parliament, Blackman serves on the Procedure Committee, the Backbench Business Committee and the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee.
Blackman supported Brexit in the 2016 referendum. They subsequently joined the European Research Group, a Eurosceptic group within Parliament.
Blackman is an officer of the Conservative Friends of Israel group. They have been part of several delegations to Israel, including during the Operation Defensive Shield conflict when they visited for an Israeli military briefing on the Iron Dome defence system.
In 2015, the compliance officer for the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA) made a judgement that Blackman had submitted 732 inaccurate mileage claims. According to IPSA they claimed up to 10 miles for a two-mile journey, making them the highest-mileage MP, claiming almost twice the mileage as the 10 next-highest MPs.
In 2017, Blackman drew criticism from Tom Peck of The Independent for hosting Tapan Ghosh, an anti-Islam extremist from India, at a House of Commons event in October 2017, as well as sharing anti-Islam posts on Twitter by far-right activist Tommy Robinson and being a member of numerous anti-Islam groups on Facebook. These comments and others by some Conservative candidates and representatives led the Muslim Council of Britain to call for an independent inquiry into alleged Islamophobia in the Conservative Party.
In March 2019, Blackman was among a group of MPs who argued for a number of measures to encourage people to quit smoking and prevent young people from taking it up, including raising the legal smoking age to 21 and introducing a levy on large tobacco companies.
In August 2019, Blackman expressed their support for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi revoking Article 370 of the Constitution of India, calling the article an "anomaly", adding that "Kashmiri Pandits must be guaranteed right of return after they were the victims of ethnic cleansing".
Azerbaijan All-Party Parliamentary Group
Blackman is the chair of the Azerbaijan All-Party Parliamentary Group (APPG). In 2013, The Guardian published an article "Plush hotels and caviar diplomacy: how Azerbaijan's elite wooed MPs", criticising, among other British MPs, Blackman's five-day visit to Azerbaijan, paid for by The European Azerbaijan Society (TEAS). The National highlighted in 2022 that several of their trips to Azerbaijan were paid for by the Azerbaijani parliament or its London embassy. Blackman received a series of briefings from high-level Azerbaijani figures, including in 2020 and 2021 from Azerbaijani MP Javanshir Feyziyev, who was investigated by the National Crime Agency, followed by a court case where £5.6m of laundered cash was ordered to be seized from their family's accounts. OpenDemocracy reported in February 2022 that Blackman tabled four pro-regime motions in the House and had written to two foreign secretaries, urging them to strengthen ties with Azerbaijan and condemn its opponent Armenia.
Blackman told the Eye-To-Eye podcast in July 2020 that they "put down positions on behalf of good friends in Azerbaijan" on a regular basis, that [referring to July 2020 Armenian–Azerbaijani clashes] "in these types of conflicts ... whoever gets the best propaganda tends to grab the attention of the listeners and the viewers", adding that in this regard they have been "fed the information through the Azerbaijan embassy in the UK", praising the latter for being "very very helpful and proactive". Blackman urged the then foreign secretary, Dominic Raab, to take Azerbaijan's side in the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war. On Blackman's Azerbaijan lobbying, Steve Goodrich from anti-corruption group Transparency International UK commented "It's pretty shocking if you've got MPs essentially being briefed by foreign embassies and then making contributions in the House based on what they've been advised to say."
Campaigns
Blackman called for the adoption of plain packaging legislation for cigarettes, and supported Cameron's plan calling for energy companies to provide simplified energy bills to their customers. On 1 July 2015, Blackman was elected chair of the Party Political Group on Smoking and Health, after serving as its secretary for several years.
In 2012, when the Conservative Party launched a consultation into legalising same-sex marriages, Blackman suggested that David Cameron should resurrect Section 28, stating that they believed that "Section 28 was the right rules to have in school so that we should not in any way shape or form promote same-sex relationships" and said they would be "very opposed" to seeing teachers being forced to say same-sex relationships are equivalent to heterosexual relationships. In December 2012, David Cameron announced their approval for same-sex marriage. In response, on 7 December 2012, Blackman told the BBC News Channel that Cameron's backing of religious same-sex marriages was wrong "on principle" and that marriage had to be "between one man and one woman". According to the Harrow Times, they were accused of hypocrisy by a former fellow Brent council colleague who claimed they had an 11-year affair with them whilst they were married. On 5 February 2013, Bob Blackman voted against the bill in the House of Commons second reading vote on marriage equality in Britain.
In March 2019, Blackman was one of 21 MPs who voted against LGBT-inclusive sex and relationship education in English schools.
In 2016, they were drawn second in the annual Parliamentary ballot for a Private Member's Bill and put together a Homelessness Reduction Bill in partnership with national homelessness charity, Crisis. It was the first Private Member's Bill to be supported by a select committee. After receiving Government support at second reading, it passed through all stages in Parliament unopposed in both Houses and received Royal Assent on 27 April 2017.
Following an interim report on the connections between colonialism and properties now in the care of the National Trust, including links with historic slavery, Blackman was among the signatories of a letter to The Telegraph in November 2020 from the "Common Sense Group" of Conservative Parliamentarians. The letter accused the National Trust of being "coloured by cultural Marxist dogma, colloquially known as the 'woke agenda'".
Controversies
Bob has been exposed for taking payments in excess of £20,000 from organisations linked to right wing Hindutva organisations in India.
In 2017, they invited the late and much‑imprisoned Tapan Ghosh to speak in parliament.  They are a violent anti-Muslim activist from West Bengal, Ghosh and their group were implicated in physical attacks. British Hindutva reactionaries were only too happy the media reported.
Personal life
Blackman married Nicola Jennings in 1988. They employ their wife as a part-time office manager on a salary up to £39,999.
Honours and awards
:
2020: Padma Shri of India
References
External links
Bob Blackman's website
1956 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
British Telecom people
Councillors in the London Borough of Brent
Conservative Members of the London Assembly
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
School governors
UK MPs 2019–present
Recipients of the Padma Shri in public affairs
Dickson Ekhaguere is a Nigerian author, playwright and entrepreneur who serves as a director at Tryspect Solutions, a writing and publishing company.  They are best known for their work titled Unstable.
Life and career
Born and raised in the ancient city of Benin, Ekhaguere is a graduate of the University of Benin, Edo State. Most notable among their works is Unstable, winner of the 2015 Association of Nigerian Authors award for Drama, which became an accepted text in a variety of institutions of learning, including Universities and Colleges of Education.  They are also a public speaker, voice actor, songwriter and singer. Their sensational song titled "Unstable" became the theme song for the Theater production of their play Unstable directed by Ben Tomoloju, featuring a cast of theatre veterans such as Tina Mba, Olu Okenkanye, Ropo Eweala, Bassey Okon and many others. In 2017, Dickson's unpublished play "General Ologbosere" was Runner-up winner of the Association of Nigerian Authors award; in the same year, their song titled "HAPPY" was also awarded Best Pop Single by Hot Sound Music Award.
In 2018, Dickson's work UNSTABLE was long listed in the NLNG Nigeria Prize for Literature. Dickson lives in Lagos.
References
Nigerian dramatists and playwrights
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Benin City
University of Benin (Nigeria) alumni
Samuel Matthew Rocke (7 September 1874 – 3 June 1963) was an Australian politician who served as an independent member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1917 to 1921, representing the seat of South Fremantle.
Rocke was born on Victoria's Mornington Peninsula to Sarah (née Jennings) and Andrew Rocke. They arrived in Western Australia in 1895 and settled in Fremantle, where they initially worked as a produce merchant before joining the public service. They became the assistant storekeeper at Fremantle Prison in 1910. Rocke entered parliament at the 1917 state election, winning South Fremantle as an "Independent Labor" candidate by just six votes over Harry Bolton, the sitting National Labor Party member. They served a single term in parliament before suffering a heavy defeat at the 1921 election, where they polled just 9.2 percent on first preferences. After leaving politics, Rocke eventually moved to New South Wales, where they worked for Sanitarium Australia. They died in Kurri Kurri in June 1963, aged 88.
References
1874 births
1963 deaths
Independent members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Victoria (Australia)
20th-century Australian politicians
Adam McLellan (10 April 1865 – 12 March 1929) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Moorooduc to farmer Alexander McLellan and Margaret Jenkins. They travelled to South America in their youth, and then became a grocer in Footscray around 1892. On 27 July 1892 they married Jessie Jemima Fleming, with whom they would have six children. From around 1894 they were a smallgoods manufacturer in Richmond, and they were a founding member of the local branch of the Labour Party. In 1904 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Council for Melbourne East Province, one of the first two Labour members to win election to that body. They were briefly Minister of Public Works in December 1913. In 1917 they resigned from parliament and from the Labor Party over the issue of conscription. McLellan died in Canterbury in 1929.
References
1865 births
1929 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
A molecular machine, nanite, or nanomachine is a molecular component that produces quasi-mechanical movements (output) in response to specific stimuli (input). In cellular biology, macromolecular machines frequently perform tasks essential for life, such as DNA replication and ATP synthesis. The expression is often more generally applied to molecules that simply mimic functions that occur at the macroscopic level. The term is also common in nanotechnology where a number of highly complex molecular machines have been proposed that are aimed at the goal of constructing a molecular assembler.
For the last several decades, chemists and physicists alike have attempted, with varying degrees of success, to miniaturize machines found in the macroscopic world. Molecular machines are at the forefront of cellular biology research. The 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Sir J. Fraser Stoddart, and Bernard L. Feringa for the design and synthesis of molecular machines.
Types
Molecular machines can be divided into two broad categories; artificial and biological. In general, artificial molecular machines (AMMs) refer to molecules that are artificially designed and synthesized whereas biological molecular machines can commonly be found in nature and have evolved into their forms after abiogenesis on Earth.
Artificial
A wide variety of artificial molecular machines (AMMs) have been synthesized by chemists which are rather simple and small compared to biological molecular machines. The first AMM, a molecular shuttle, was synthesized by Sir J. Fraser Stoddart.
A molecular shuttle is a rotaxane molecule where a ring is mechanically interlocked onto an axle with two bulky stoppers. The ring can move between two binding sites with various stimuli such as light, pH, solvents, and ions. As the authors of this 1991 JACS paper noted: "Insofar as it becomes possible to control the movement of one molecular component with respect to the other in a [2]rotaxane, the technology for building molecular machines will emerge", mechanically interlocked molecular architectures spearheaded AMM design and synthesis as they provide directed molecular motion. Today a wide variety of AMMs exists as listed below.
Molecular motors
Molecular motors are molecules that are capable of directional rotary motion around a single or double bond. Single bond rotary motors are generally activated by chemical reactions whereas double bond rotary motors are generally fueled by light. The rotation speed of the motor can also be tuned by careful molecular design. Carbon nanotube nanomotors have also been produced.
Molecular propeller
A molecular propeller is a molecule that can propel fluids when rotated, due to its special shape that is designed in analogy to macroscopic propellers. It has several molecular-scale blades attached at a certain pitch angle around the circumference of a nanoscale shaft. Also see molecular gyroscope.
Molecular switch
A molecular switch is a molecule that can be reversibly shifted between two or more stable states. The molecules may be shifted between the states in response to changes in pH, light (photoswitch), temperature, an electric current, microenvironment, or the presence of a ligand.
Molecular shuttle
A molecular shuttle is a molecule capable of shuttling molecules or ions from one location to another. A common molecular shuttle consists of a rotaxane where the macrocycle can move between two sites or stations along the dumbbell backbone.
Nanocar
Nanocars are single molecule vehicles that resemble macroscopic automobiles and are important for understanding how to control molecular diffusion on surfaces. The first nanocars were synthesized by James M. Tour in 2005. They had an H shaped chassis and 4 molecular wheels (fullerenes) attached to the four corners. In 2011, Ben Feringa and co-workers synthesized the first motorized nanocar which had molecular motors attached to the chassis as rotating wheels. The authors were able to demonstrate directional motion of the nanocar on a copper surface by providing energy from a scanning tunneling microscope tip. Later, in 2017, the world's first ever Nanocar Race took place in Toulouse.
Molecular balance
A molecular balance is a molecule that can interconvert between two and more conformational or configurational states in response to the dynamic of multiple intra- and intermolecular driving forces, such as hydrogen bonding, solvophobic/hydrophobic effects, π interactions, and steric and dispersion interactions. Molecular balances can be small molecules or macromolecules such as proteins. Cooperatively folded proteins, for example, have been used as molecular balances to measure interaction energies and conformational propensities.
Molecular tweezers
Molecular tweezers are host molecules capable of holding items between their two arms. The open cavity of the molecular tweezers binds items using non-covalent bonding including hydrogen bonding, metal coordination, hydrophobic forces, van der Waals forces, π interactions, or electrostatic effects. Examples of molecular tweezers have been reported that are constructed from DNA and are considered DNA machines.
Molecular sensor
A molecular sensor is a molecule that interacts with an analyte to produce a detectable change. Molecular sensors combine molecular recognition with some form of reporter, so the presence of the item can be observed.
Molecular logic gate
A molecular logic gate is a molecule that performs a logical operation on one or more logic inputs and produces a single logic output. Unlike a molecular sensor, the molecular logic gate will only output when a particular combination of inputs are present.
Molecular assembler
A molecular assembler is a molecular machine able to guide chemical reactions by positioning reactive molecules with precision.
Molecular hinge
A molecular hinge is a molecule that can be selectively switched from one configuration to another in a reversible fashion. Such configurations must have distinguishable geometries; for instance, azobenzene groups in a linear molecule may undergo cis-trans isomerizations when irradiated with ultraviolet light, triggering a reversible transition to a bent or V-shaped conformation. Molecular hinges typically rotate in a crank-like motion around a rigid axis, such as a double bond or aromatic ring. However, macrocyclic molecular hinges with more clamp-like mechanisms have also been synthesized.
Biological
The most complex macromolecular machines are found within cells, often in the form of multi-protein complexes. Important examples of biological machines include motor proteins such as myosin, which is responsible for muscle contraction, kinesin, which moves cargo inside cells away from the nucleus along microtubules, and dynein, which moves cargo inside cells towards the nucleus and produces the axonemal beating of motile cilia and flagella. "[I]n effect, the [motile cilium] is a nanomachine composed of perhaps over 600 proteins in molecular complexes, many of which also function independently as nanomachines ... Flexible linkers allow the mobile protein domains connected by them to recruit their binding partners and induce long-range allostery via protein domain dynamics." Other biological machines are responsible for energy production, for example ATP synthase which harnesses energy from proton gradients across membranes to drive a turbine-like motion used to synthesise ATP, the energy currency of a cell. Still other machines are responsible for gene expression, including DNA polymerases for replicating DNA, RNA polymerases for producing mRNA, the spliceosome for removing introns, and the ribosome for synthesising proteins. These machines and their nanoscale dynamics are far more complex than any molecular machines that have yet been artificially constructed.
These biological machines might have applications in nanomedicine. For example, they could be used to identify and destroy cancer cells. Molecular nanotechnology is a speculative subfield of nanotechnology regarding the possibility of engineering molecular assemblers, biological machines which could re-order matter at a molecular or atomic scale. Nanomedicine would make use of these nanorobots, introduced into the body, to repair or detect damages and infections. Molecular nanotechnology is highly theoretical, seeking to anticipate what inventions nanotechnology might yield and to propose an agenda for future inquiry. The proposed elements of molecular nanotechnology, such as molecular assemblers and nanorobots are far beyond current capabilities.
Research
The construction of more complex molecular machines is an active area of theoretical and experimental research. A number of molecules, such as molecular propellers, have been designed, although experimental studies of these molecules are inhibited by the lack of methods to construct these molecules. In this context, theoretical modeling can be extremely useful to understand the self-assembly/disassembly processes of rotaxanes, important for the construction of light-powered molecular machines. This molecular-level knowledge may foster the realization of ever more complex, versatile, and effective molecular machines for the areas of nanotechnology, including molecular assemblers.
Although currently not feasible, some potential applications of molecular machines are transport at the molecular level, manipulation of nanostructures and chemical systems, high density solid-state informational processing and molecular prosthetics. Many fundamental challenges need to be overcome before molecular machines can be used practically such as autonomous operation, complexity of machines, stability in the synthesis of the machines and the working conditions.
See also
Nanobot
Technorganic
References
Nanotechnology
Supramolecular chemistry
Molecular machines
Nanomachines
Mitch Traphagen (born November 22, 1962) is an American journalist and the producer of a video documentary. They have written for the Observer News Publications in Tampa, Florida, since 2001.  They are known for narrative writing style and for personal profiles of both well known and little known but noteworthy individuals.  They are currently the publisher and editor of The East Iowa Herald based in Victor, Iowa.
Biography
Traphagen was born in Walla Walla, Washington, to Bruce Lee and Esther Traphagen. They spent their formative years in the small midwestern town of Worthington, Minnesota. In 1988 they earned a bachelor of science degree in business from the University of Northern Colorado in Greeley and subsequently developed analytical computer models for Target Stores in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They married Michelle Majestic of Bloomington, Minnesota in 1997.
In 1999, they spent six months cruising the Bahamas and Caribbean aboard a small sailboat along with their wife, Michelle, and became a Commodore in the Seven Seas Cruising Association. Upon returning to the United States, they began working as a freelance photojournalist for a community newspaper in the Tampa Bay area. Within their first month in this career, they covered President George W. Bush in Sarasota, Florida, on September 11, 2001. In 2005, they produced a documentary video on traveling aboard small boats. They were the among the first to report on a powerful earthquake centered in the Gulf of Mexico and felt throughout the Southeastern United States in September, 2006. Their narrative travel stories and profiles are referenced on numerous personal business and government Websites.
External links
Official Site
Mitch Traphagen on IMDB
The Observer News
The East Iowa Herald
Society of Professional Journalists
1962 births
American male journalists
Living people
People from Walla Walla, Washington
20th-century American journalists
People from Worthington, Minnesota
The 1989 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 39th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Faysali won its 22nd title.
Teams
Map
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Coat of arms of Gothenburg consists of images from Sweden's great coat of arms and is meant to symbolize the city as Sweden's western defence. The lion is from the arms of the Folkunga dynasty, which in the 17th Century was considered to be the arms of Götaland and it holds the arms of Sweden, three crowns, defending this with a sword. The oldest description of the arms is from a letters patent from 1607.
The lion in the arms of Gothenburg is turned to heraldic left. This was originally probably made by mistake, but due to its long tradition the lion has remained in this position. An animal facing left is symbolizing someone fleeing, while one facing right would symbolize attack. The left facing version was eventually decided by Royal decision in 1952, in spite of protests from Riksheraldikerämbetet. It may be noted that the Gothenburg-based football club IFK Göteborg has the lion turned to the other side in its logo which is based on the city arms.
References
Gothenburg
Gothenburg
Gothenburg
Gothenburg
Gothenburg
İğciler, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Employment in Singapore, including the development and planning of Singapore workforce to achieve "globally competitive workforce in a sustainable manner," is managed under the jurisdiction of Ministry of Manpower (Singapore). Other aspects of employment related functions as International Talent Promotion, Labour Relations, Management of Foreign Manpower, Labour Welfare and Services, are also covered by the ministry.
Singapore, with total land area of 719.1 square kilometers, has total population of 5.535 million as of 2015. The population consists of 3.902 million residents (Singapore Citizens and Singapore Permanent Residents) and the remaining are non-residents. Singapore has a population density of 7,697 people per square kilometer, making it the third most densely populated country in the world, after Monaco and Macau.
Employment Data
Employment level in Singapore has been constantly increasing each year in the past decade, as reported in 2015.
Latest employment level as of 3rd quarter of 2015 was reported at 3.640 million, with gains led by the Services sector. In the first three quarters of 2015, total employment level grew by 16,200.
Unemployment Data
The long-term unemployment rate for Singapore residents was 0.8 per cent as of March in 2017, up from 0.7 per cent a year earlier.
Underemployment
In a 2018 survey conducted jointly by the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy and Ong Teng Cheong Labour Leadership Institute, about 4.31% of the degree holders are drawing less than S$2,000 a month on a full-time job.
Legislation
Basic terms and conditions of employers-employees relations in Singapore are covered by law in the Employment Act. All employees, both Singaporeans and foreigners, who enter into a contract of service with employers are covered by the act. There are some exceptions for managers and executives, who are not covered by Part IV, which provides for rest days, hours of work, annual leave and other conditions of service. For managers and executives, these conditions vary according to what is agreed in their individual employment contract. Workforce Singapore, a statute board under the ministry, also launched the Adapt and Grow Initiative in 2016. The program helps match individuals to career opportunities, with 17,000 matchings in the first half of 2018.
Working condition
According to a study conducted by recruitment consultancy Morgan McKinley, an average worker in Singapore clocked 2371 hours in 2016, the longest hours in the world.
Amid the tight labour market and on-going initiatives that support work-life harmony, the proportion of establishments which provided at least one formal flexible work arrangement (FWA) improved steadily from 38% in 2011 to 47% in 2014.
Foreign competition
On 22 January 2018, Managing Director of Monetary Authority of Singapore, Ravi Menon gave a speech at an IPS conference advocating Singapore to employ more foreign PMETs. "The trend of improving quality in our foreign workforce has already begun," they said. "The proportion of work permit holders has declined by about 10 percentage points over last 10 years, while the proportion of S-Pass and employment pass holders has increased by around 10 percentage points."
Mandatory savings scheme
Singaporean and Singapore PR (SPR) employees are required to set aside part of the earnings and contribute to Central Provident Fund (CPF). The employers are also required to contribute proportion of the earnings paid to their Singaporean and SPR employees to the fund. The contribution rates to CPF vary depending on income range and age bracket. Below is the contribution rate table, from 1-Jan-2016:.
Notes:
OW: Ordinary Wages (capped at OW Ceiling of $6,000)
AW: Additional Wages
TW: Total Wages = OW + AW
References
External links
Employment Act (Chapter 91)
Economy of Singapore
Singapore
Dryburgh Bridge may refer to the following footbridges over the Tweed in Scotland:
Dryburgh Abbey Bridge, a cable-stayed footbridge (1817–1818), replaced by a suspended-deck suspension bridge (1818-1838)
Dryburgh Suspension Bridge, a suspended-deck suspension bridge erected in 1872
Charlotte Fich (born 26 September 1961) is a Danish stage, film and television actor.  They are most often recognized for their role as police officer Ingrid Dahl in the Emmy awarded (2002) Danish television series Unit One (Danish: Rejseholdet) (2000–2004).  They are married to Danish film director Per Fly.
Filmography
Black Widows (2016–2017)
All for One (2011)
Hold Me Tight (2010)
Headhunter (2009)
Worlds Apart (2008)
Kærlighed på film (Just Another Love Story) (2007)
Manslaughter (2005)
Kinamand (2005)
Som man behager (2003)
Se dagens lys (2003)
Rejseholdet (2000–2003)
Pas på mor (1999)
Deadline (1998)
Det store flip (1997)
Taxa (1997)
Kalder Katrine (1993)
Jul i Juleland (1993)
Awards
2005: Bodil award for best supporting actor, Manslaughter
2005: Robert award for best supporting actor, Manslaughter
2007: Bodil award for best supporting actor, Just Another Love Story
2007: Zulu award for best supporting actor, Just Another Love Story
External links
1961 births
Living people
Danish film actores
Best Supporting Actress Bodil Award winners
Estadio Jose Rafael "Fello" Meza Ivankovich is a multi-use stadium in Cartago, Costa Rica. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of C.S. Cartaginés. The stadium holds 8350 people and was built in 1949.
References
Football venues in Costa Rica
Buildings and structures in Cartago Province
Buildings and structures in Cartago, Costa Rica
George Wilson Albee (December 20, 1921 – July 8, 2006) was a pioneer in clinical psychology, who believed societal factors such as unemployment, racism, sexism, and all the myriad forms of exploitation of people by people were the major cause of mental illness. They were one of the leading figures in the development of community psychology. Albee was an advocate for coping with adversity, strengthening individual resources, and social change.
Career
Albee was born in St. Marys, Pennsylvania. They attended Bethany College and graduated in 1943 with a Master's degree. They were drafted into the Army Air Forces and served until the end of World War II. During their army days, they were exposed to more diversity than what they previously knew from their hometown in Pennsylvania, and with this they were exposed to more diversity in cultures.
After leaving the forces they attended the University of Pittsburgh where they attained their masters and doctoral degrees. Having received their doctorate in 1949 they spent the next two years in a research appointment at Western Psychiatric Institute. From 1951 to 1953 Albee worked for the central office of the American Psychological Association. They were a distinguished member of PSI CHI International Honor Society for Psychology.
In 1953 Albee went to Finland for a year as a Fulbright scholar, before returning to the US to become a professor at Case Western Reserve University, a post they held for 16 years. In 1971 Albee left Case Western for a position at the University of Vermont. They remained here until their retirement in 1991. During that time, they married Constance Impallaria, They had four children: Alec, Luke, Marina, and Sarah.
During their career Albee was the author of groundbreaking studies in the 1950s and 1960s, that showed societal factors such as poverty, racism, sexism and child abuse, were to a large degree responsible for mental illness. They believed the psychological profession needed to focus more on prevention, rather than one to one treatment. After their retirement Albee spent time travelling around the world giving lectures on psychology as well as writing a humor column for their local newspaper the Longboat Observer.
In 1963 they served on the National Institute of Mental Health training grants review committee. One of their responsibilities was to judge the aptness of proposed mental health training programs. From 1969-70 Albee was the president of the American Psychological Association. During their tenure they negotiated conflicts between the mainstream of psychology and the demands of Black and female psychologists.
During their presidency of the APA, George challenged norms and current wisdom as it pertains to the improvement of humankind's welfare. George had a way of showing others the social evils of society, that it is exploitation and abuse of power that contributes to the suffering of humans, not just the internal malfunctions. They believed that corporations' self-interest could override the integrity and activities of the APA.
Prior to becoming president, they served as an assistant executive secretary for the APA, where they were responsible for public information, relations, and placement. In addition to their presidency and secretary positions at the APA, they were also a member of nine of its divisions. Some of these divisions include the Society of Clinical Psychology, Society for Community Research and Action, Society for the Psychology of Women, and Society for the Psychological Study of Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Issues.
George was also appointed to be a presidential commission at the Vermont Conference on the Primary Prevention of Psychopathology. They were a hard-working man who devoted their life to the improvement of humankind. Even when they took a sabbatical year, they spent that time at the University of Hawaii School of Public Health.
They were the author of more than 200 articles and book chapters on community approaches to mental illness, as well as writing more than a dozen books. Some of these articles address the prevention of sexism, prevention of psychopathology, and creating a just society. In their article discussing sexism “the prevention of-isms” (1981), they define sexism and its consequences, as well as describing secondary and tertiary prevention methods to those men and women who suffer as a result of sexism. In their article “preventing psychopathology and promoting human potential” (1982), they address primary prevention methods to decrease unnecessary stress and increase social competence, self-esteem, and support networks.
George was a social change agent; they were troubled by the consequences of poverty and other social issues on mental health. One of their greatest missions, was improving the field of prevention of psychopathology. As one of their friends and colleagues, Stephen E. Goldston said that George Albee was the “social conscience of American psychology and that they showed us by word and deed how we could become better human beings.
Albee died after a short illness in Longboat Key, Florida.  They are survived by their wife Margeret Tong, as well as their 4 children and 10 grandchildren. They leave a legacy of encouragement, compassion, courage, and eternal optimism.
Positions and awards
1958 Albee was named the George Trumbull Ladd Distinguished Professor of Psychology.
1988 Albee served on President Dwight Eisenhower's commission on mental health.
From 1969 – 1970 Albee was the 78th President of the American Psychological Association
1975 received the American Psychological Association Distinguished Professional Contribution Award.
From 1977 – 1978 they were appointed to serve on President Jimmy Carter's commission on mental health, to be coordinator of the Task Panel on Prevention.
1993 awarded the American Psychological Foundation Gold Medal Award for Life Achievement in Psychology in the Public Interest.
1997 received the Lifetime Achievement Award in Applied Preventive Psychology.
References
1. "World Who's who in Science: A Biographical Dictionary of Notable Scientists ... - Allen G. Debus - Google Books". 1976-12-01. Retrieved 2013-04-22 – via Google Books.
2. Kessler, Marc (2007). "Obituary: George W. Albee (1921-2006)". American Psychologist. 62 (4): 317–318. doi:10.1037/0003-066X.62.4.317. ISSN 1935-990X.
3. Albee, G. W. (2002). "Exploring a controversy". The American Psychologist. 57 (3): 161–164. doi:10.1037/0003-066x.57.3.161. PMID 11905114.
4. https://www.rhodeslab.org/files/mentorgeorgeAlbee.pdf
5. Pachter, W. S., & Deleon, P. H. (2007). Reflections on George Albee's legacy of promoting human potential and social justice. The Journal of Primary Prevention, 28(1), 45-53. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10935-006-0069-1
6. Goldston, S. E. (2007). George Wilson Albee. The Journal of Primary Prevention, 28(1), 21-25. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10935-006-0067-3
External links
Albee's bibliography at Copac.
The Dell Paperback Collection at the Library of Congress has first paperback editions of Albee's works.
1921 births
2006 deaths
People from St. Marys, Pennsylvania
Presidents of the American Psychological Association
People from Longboat Key, Florida
20th-century American psychologists
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Case Western Reserve University faculty
University of Vermont faculty
Daniela Alcívar Bellolio (pen name, Nela Martínez; born March 3, 1982) is an Ecuadorian author, editor, and literary critic.
Literary career
After finishing their studies, Alcívar Bellolio moved to Buenos Aires, Argentina, where they started a second career at the Fundación Universidad del Cine. They later started studying for their master's degree in literature at the University of Buenos Aires, which they abandoned in favor of studying for their doctorate. During their college years, they published criticisms of books and films on their blog, titled (literally "disdain" or "scorn").
Them first two books were the short story collection ("For this clear morning") and the book of essays ("Lightning rods"), both published in 2016 and written during their stay in Buenos Aires. They lived in Argentina for 13 years. Upon returning to Ecuador, Alcívar Bellolio began to work as an editor for the independent newspaper Turbina.
In April 2018, they received an honorable mention in the La Linares Short Novel Award for their novel Siberia, sent to the contest under the pseudonym "Nela Martínez." The story focuses on an Ecuadorian migrant who must live with the grief provoked by abandoning their home country and the death of their child. In their decision, the judge said that:
The book won the Joaquín Gallegos Lara National Fiction Prize in the novel category.
In 2019, the Spanish company published a new edition of Siberia, in which Alcívar Bellolio included an additional section titled "One year later."
Works
(2016), short stories
(2016), essays
(2018), novel
(2022), novel
References
Living people
1982 births
People from Guayaquil
21st-century Ecuadorian women writers
Ecuadorian women essayists
Ecuadorian women novelists
Ecuadorian women short story writers
The bishop of Acre was a suffragan bishop of the archbishop of Tyre in the medieval Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem. Acre is present-day Akko, Israel.
History
The introduction of Christianity to Ptolemais, as Acre was known in ancient times, dates back to Apostolic times. The Apostle Paul, returning from their trip to Macedonia (region), in Achaea and Asia, landed at Tyre, and from there traveled to Ptolemais, where they stayed some days with the local Christian community (acts 21.7).
The first bishop known is Claro, who in 190 attended a Council meeting of some bishops of Phoenicia and Palestine to deal with the issue of the date of the Paschal feast. But we must go to the fourth century to find the next bishop, Enea, who took part at the First Council of Nicaea in 325 and at the Synod held in Antioch in 341. Nectabo was one of the fathers of the first Ecumenical Council of Constantinople in 381. Between the 4th and 5th centuries lived Bishop Antiochus, opponent of Giovanni Crisostomo. Helladius participated in the first Council of Ephesus in 431. Paul took part in the Council held at Antioch of 445 to judge the work of Athanasius of Perre and at the Council of Chalcedon of 451. In 518 Bishop Giovanni signed a Synodal letter against Severus of Antioch and the Monophysite party. Finally, the last known bishop is Giorgio, who attended the second Council of Constantinople in 553.
With the conquest of the crusaders in the 12th century, the city, called San Giovanni D'Acri, became part of the Kingdom of Jerusalem and was a diocese of the Latin rite, headquartered at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross. Against the practice and ecclesiastical tradition orientale, the Crusaders captured the diocese, along with other southern Phoenicia, to the Patriarchate of Antioch, for discussion, to Jerusalem.
After the fall of Jerusalem in 1187, the seat of the patriarch moved to Shooting Guard and then in San Giovanni D'Acri in 1191; the patriarch returned to Jerusalem in 1229, when the city was returned to the crusaders, then back to San Giovanni D'Acri in 1244. San Giovanni D'Acri had its own Bishop until 1263, when the patriarchs of Jerusalem ruled in administration until the fall of the city in the hands of the Muslims in 1291. The most famous bishop of San Giovanni D'Acri was the chronicler Jacques de Vitry.
Ptolemais in Phoenicia survives today as a titular see; the seat has been vacant since September 12, 1988. Until the mid-19th century it had the name Aconensis or Acconensis.
List of known bishops of Acre
Antiquity
Claro (late 2nd century)
Enea (before-after 341 325)
Nectabo (mentioned in 381)
Antiochus (early 5th century)
Helladius (mentioned in 431)
Paul (before 445-after 451)
Giovanni (mentioned in 518)
Giorgio (mentioned in 553)
Kingdom of Jerusalem
Giovanni † (before 1135 – aft. 1133)
Rorgo † (mentioned in 1147)
Hugh of le Mans?
Frederick, Archbishop of Tyre c.1150
William
Joscius, Archbishop of Tyre fl.1172
Rufinus, killed at the Battle of Hattin c. 1187
John of Noyon, chancellor to Baldwin IX of Flanders, during the Fourth Crusade
Florent c. 1208
Jacques de Vitry 1216–1228
Ralph (Crusade era)
Nicolas Arlon, O. Carm. † (27 Jun 1344 Appointed – )
Johann Goldener, O.S.A. † (14 Jan 1451 Appointed – 25 Apr 1475)
Modern (titular)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Armand de Rohan-Soubise-Ventadour (1742.07.30 – 1747.04.10)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Luiz de Castro Pereira, C.S.J. (1804.10.29 – 1822.08.01)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Maciej Pawel Mozdzeniewski (1815.07.10 – 1819.04.02)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Ferdinand Maria von Chotek (later Archbishop) (1817.04.14 – 1831.09.30)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Franciscus Renatus Boussen (1832.12.17 – 1834.06.23)
Titular Bishop: Archbishop Alois Josef Schrenk (1838.02.12 – 1838.09.17)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Tommaso Feeny (Thomas Feeny) (1839.07.27 – 1848.01.11)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Cassien-Léonard de Peretti (1875.03.31 – 1892.02.22)
Titular Archbishop: Archbishop José Marcondes Homem de Melo (1906.12.06 – 1908.08.09)
Titular Archbishop: Archbishop Augustin Dontenwill, O.M.I. (1909.01.19 – 1931.11.30)
Louis Joseph El-Khazen, O.A.M. † (23 Feb 1919 Appointed – 22 Feb 1933 Died)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Louis-Eugène-Arsène Turquetil, O.M.I. (1931.12.15 – 1955.06.14)
Titular Bishop: Bishop Edmundo Luís Kunz (1955.08.01 – 1988.09.12)
Joseph Khoury † (Auxiliary Bishop: 4 May 1956 to 11 Dec 1959)
Camille Zaidan (13 Aug 2011 Appointed – 16 Jun 2012 Confirmed, Archbishop of Antélias (Maronite))
Joseph Emile Mouawad (16 Jun 2012 Appointed – current)
Notes
Catholic titular sees in Asia
Christianity in the Kingdom of Jerusalem
Roman Catholic dioceses in the Crusader states
Acre, Israel
The Mowbray Baronetcy, of Warennes Wood in the County of Berkshire, was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 3 May 1880 for the Conservative politician John Mowbray. They served as Judge Advocate General from 1858 to 1859 and from 1866 to 1868 and was Father of the House of Commons from 1898 to 1899. Born John Cornish, they had assumed by Royal licence the surname of Mowbray (which was that of their father-in-law) in lieu of their patronymic in 1847. The second Baronet was also a Conservative politician.
The title became extinct on the death of the sixth baronet on 15 September 2022.
Mowbray baronets, of Warennes Wood (1880)
Sir John Robert Mowbray, 1st Baronet (1815–1899)
Sir Robert Gray Cornish Mowbray, 2nd Baronet (1850–1916)
Sir Reginald Ambrose Mowbray, 3rd Baronet (1852–1916)
Sir Edmund George Lionel Mowbray, 4th Baronet (1859–1919)
Sir George Robert Mowbray, 5th Baronet (1899–1969)
Sir John Robert Mowbray, 6th Baronet (1932–2022), married Lavinia, a daughter of Lt Col. Francis Hugonin, and they had three daughters.
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Gordon "Gordie" Robertson (June 25, 1926 – October 10, 2019) was a Canadian ice hockey player. They were a member of the Edmonton Mercurys team, which won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway. Robertson died in October 2019 at the age of 93.
External links
Olympics Database page
References
1926 births
2019 deaths
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Ice hockey people from British Columbia
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Castlegar, British Columbia
Lacolle () is a municipality in southern Quebec, Canada, located in the administrative area of the Montérégie, on the Canada–United States border. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 2,680. The Lacolle River runs eastward through the middle of the town and empties in Richelieu River. More people cross the border illegally from the United States there than at any other point. Almost nineteen thousand people were detained in 2017. The nearest town across the border is Champlain, New York.
History
The written history of Lacolle can be traced back to July 4, 1609, when Samuel de Champlain and their entourage stopped briefly at the mouth of a small stream for a meal before continuing southward up the Richelieu River into the lake which now bears their name. In their journal, Champlain referred to the location of the delta as "Lacole". When translated literally, the term means the neck of a bottle or that which is above the shoulders.
Lacolle was the site of three battles in the early 19th Century. Two of the battles took place during the War of 1812. The Battle of Lacolle Mills (1812) was a short engagement in which a small garrison of Canadien Militia, with the assistance of Kahnawake Mohawk warriors, defended a makeshift log blockhouse from an American invasion force led by Major General Henry Dearborn. In the Battle of Lacolle Mills (1814) a garrison of 80 men of the 13th Regiment of Foot and a Congreve rocket detachment of the Royal Marine Artillery, later reinforced by a company of the Canadian Voltigeurs and the Grenadier company of the Canadian Fencibles successfully defended a blockhouse and stone mill building from an attacking American force of 4,000 men led by Major General James Wilkinson.
The Battle of Lacolle was fought on November 7, 1838, between Loyal Lower Canada volunteer forces under Major John Scriver and Lower Canada rebels under Colonel Ferdinand-Alphonse Oklowski. The half hour battle ended in a rebel defeat.
Demographics
Population
Language
Industry
Lacolle as a small industrial park featuring Arneg Inc, Soudure HMC inc, and a Recycling complex operated by Compo Haut-Richelieu inc. (headquartered in St-Jean-sur-Richelieu).
Education
The South Shore Protestant Regional School Board previously served the municipality.
See also
List of municipalities in Quebec
Lacolle Mills Blockhouse
Battle of Lacolle Mills (1812)
Battle of Lacolle Mills (1814)
Battle of Lacolle (1838)
Lacolle railway station
Municipal reorganization in Quebec
Richelieu River
References
External links
Lacolle official website
A Lacolle Chronology as it pertains to the English Settlers
Municipalities in Quebec
Incorporated places in Le Haut-Richelieu Regional County Municipality
Petway is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Brent Petway (born 1985), American basketball player
Bruce Petway (1885–1941), American baseball manager and player
David Petway (born 1955), American football player
Robert Petway (1907–1978), African-American blues singer and guitarist
Tom Petway (born 1940), American businesspeople
The Berea Fire station was constructed to serve the northern district of Johannesburg in 1910. It is situated in stand 927/8 on Mitchell Street in Berea. It is sometimes known as the Doll's House and it is the oldest functioning fire station in Johannesburg. The station was built in a time when Johannesburg had electricity but paraffin lamps were still providing lighting, which added to serious fire threats.
History
The need for a fire brigade in Johannesburg began prior to 1900 when gold was discovered and the town became a mining town. Prospective gold miners constructed a wide range of dwellings using thatched timber, corrugated iron and canvas which were highly flammable. Johannesburg grew rapidly and increased building developments led to many fire outbreaks and the Johannesburg Consolidated Investment Company led by Barney Barnato donated stands to build the fire station.
The foundation stone was laid on 15 October 1910 by Mrs D.W.Sims, mayoress of Johannesburg. They were the sister of Harry Graumann who was the mayor at that time, and the first Jewish mayor of Johannesburg.
The first fire engines were horse drawn and were later motorized. After World War I petrol driven engines were used. The firefighter's quarters were rebuilt around 1960. The dormer windows and garages were later additions.
Design
The eclectic neo-baroque Edwardian building is two storeys high with a loft space in the hipped roof. A load-bearing construction, the walls are of plastered brickwork with timber and steel floors. The roof is corrugated iron and the windows are timber casements.
The front elevation is well proportioned creating an ordered and balanced appearance, but on a domestic scale. On consideration of the locality selected for the proposed building and the character of the neighbouring houses, it was deemed advisable to design the Fire Station in a more ornate style than had originally been contemplated. The ornate style and domestic scale of the building are the characteristics from which it derived its nickname ‘the dolls house'.
The ground floor is rusticated and all the openings have deeply moulded surrounds. The elevation is divided into three bays, one of which projects forwards and contains the entrance.
The projecting bay includes a grand window with arched pediment and a pair of ionic pilasters at first floor level. Within the pediment is the original Johannesburg coat of arms carrying the inscription ‘Fortiter et Recte' meaning ‘Resolutely and Right'.
Two projecting balconies supported on decorative corbels are provided at first floor level, one for the grand window and the other a continuous balcony in front of the other two bays. Two sets of large wooden and glass doors provide access for the fire engines. The building retains many of its original features internally, including the alarm bells.
The plan of the fire station is also based on an ordered, functional system.' The usual engine and watch rooms, as well as the workshops, are situated on the ground floor' (The Star 1920:6) The rooms are simply decorated and kept in a neat, orderly condition, to ensure the efficient operation of the station. The two upper storeys consist of single living quarters, including a communal mess and a games room for recreation. Six flats have since been constructed in the drill square to accommodate married firefighters. The firefighters are divided into two platoons which alternate 24hr shifts, hence suitable housing on the property is essential. Six houses adjacent to the station are also used for family accommodation.
People associated with Berea Fire Station
Gammy de Beer (1921-2010) was the chief fire officer and head of emergency services for greater Johannesburg. Under their leadership, the fire-fighting service was recognized as one of the best in the world. Officers and city officials came from New York, London and Tokyo to study the techniques they developed for fighting fires in built-up areas. Their particular expertise was in the field of fire prevention in high-rise buildings., Alex Malakalaka (2003-2017) firefighter and Rescue technician.
Heritage status
The Berea Fire Station was protected as a national monument in 2011 and is historically and culturally significant for the following reasons:
Berea Fire Station is a very fine example of a small Edwardian suburban fire station with superb plasterwork
Berea Fire Station is one of very few low-rise buildings remaining amidst the tall blocks of flats in the Berea district
The Berea Fire Station is a landmark building on Louis Botha Avenue
Fire stations support a functional use that is important to local communities and so Berea Fire Station has social significance
References
Fire stations in South Africa
Buildings and structures in Johannesburg
Heritage Buildings in Johannesburg
Fire stations completed in 1910
Takagaki (written: 高垣) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese voice actor and singer
, Japanese writer
, Japanese model and actor
Shinzo Takagaki (1893–1977), Japanese judoka
Japanese-language surnames
Doxibetasol (doxybetasol; developmental code name GR 2/443) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid.
References
Diketones
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Joaquim Albino, known as Quincas (23 January 1931, Rio de Janeiro), is a former association player from Brazil who played on the left wing. In the first half of the 1950s they played for Fluminense FC of Rio de Janeiro, with which they won the Championship of Rio de Janeiro of 1951 and the Copa Rio, a highly regarded international tournament in its day, of 1952.
Clubs
1948-49: Canto do Rio FC
1950-56: Fluminense FC (167 matches / 59 goals)
1957: SE Palmeiras (19 matches / 5 goals)
Honours
Championship of Rio de Janeiro: 1951
Copa Rio: 1952
top scorer of the Taça da Prefeitura do Distrito Federal of 1951 with 8 goals.
References
Qincas, Estatísticas Fluminense.
Wagner Luiz Marques: Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras: o time do todos os tempos, Cianorte, Paraná, 2012, p. 355.
1931 births
Fluminense FC players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football wingers
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (state)
The Ghana Tourism Authority is a Ghanaian state agency under the Ministry of Tourism, Culture and Creative Arts responsible for the regulation of tourism in Ghana by marketing, promoting, licensing, classifying, researching and developing tourism facilities and services in the country.
History
The Ghana Tourism Authority was established in 1960 as the Ghana Tourist Board. The board was renamed as the Ghana Tourism Authority in 2011 under act 817. The act extended the tasks of the agency to overseeing the implementation of government policies in the industry. The act also makes the agency a fully fledged income generating authority by establishing a fund to which every tourism business is required to contribute one percent (1%) of its revenue for tourism development.
Notable Initiatives
The Ghana Tourism Authority has instituted some days annually to celebrate various themes in the country.
References
External links
Official Website
Tourism in Ghana
Doumanaba is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 288 square kilometers and includes the town and seven villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 15,105. The town of Doumanaba, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 49 km northwest of Sikasso.
The French explorer René Caillié stopped at Doumanaba in February 1828 on their journey to Timbuktu. They were travelling with a caravan transporting kola nuts to Djenné. In their book Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo published in 1830, they refer to what was then a village as Toumané. Caillié was impressed with the range of goods on sale in the market and wrote:
I went to see the market, which I found better than those of the villages through which I had previously passed. It was held under a sort of penthouse, which kept off the rain in bad weather. It was very well supplied with all the productions of the country. I even saw butcher's meant and European commodities, such as cloth, muskets, powder and glass trinkets.
References
Sources
.
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
State Forest Management Centre (, abbreviated RMK) is Estonian state institution which focuses mainly on forest management in Estonia, but also seed and plant management, timber marketing, land management, nature conservation, visitor management and nature education.
RMK's forestry duties include the growing and guarding of the state forest, planting and growing of new forest, organising forestry works and sale of timber. RMK maintains forest roads and drainage systems.
RMK provides as varied opportunities as possible for recreation, while not harming the biota there. RMK builds hiking trails, maintains accommodation facilities, marks scenic recreational areas, and prepares camping sites and campfire places. Besides the creation of recreational opportunities, RMK also provides education about the natural environment.
RMK's plant and seed management area grows tree sets and ensures Estonia has a sufficient reserve of forest seed.
RMK consists of Sagadi Forest Centre, Elistvere Animal Park and, as of 2014, also the Põlula Fish Farm. One to two year old juvenile salmon are grown in Põlula, in order to increase the biodiversity of Estonian rivers.
RMK was established in 1999.
References
External links
Forestry in Estonia
Nature conservation in Estonia
Cocke's Mill House and Mill Site, also known as Coles' Mill and Johnston's Mill, is a historic home located near North Garden, Albemarle County, Virginia. The miller's house was built in about 1820, and is a 1 1/2-half-story, three-bay, gable-roofed stone cottage built on a high basement. A one-story frame addition was built in 1989. Located on the property are the stone foundations of Cocke's Mill, built about 1792. It was originally two stories high with dimensions of 51 feet by 40 feet, and the stone walls of the original mill and tail race. The mill remained in use into the 1930s, and burned sometime in the 1940s.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1820
Houses in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
1820 establishments in Virginia
The 2016–17 South of Scotland Football League, was the 71st season of the South of Scotland Football League, and the 3rd season as the sixth tier of the Scottish football pyramid system. St Cuthbert Wanderers were the defending champions.
Edusport Academy won the league and became the first team to be promoted to the Lowland League, as East of Scotland League winners Lothian Thistle Hutchison Vale did not meet the required licensing criteria for promotion and therefore no play-off took place.
Teams
Lochmaben merged with Crichton.
League table
References
5
Edward Mote was a pastor and hymn writer. Born in London on 21 January 1797, their parents managed a pub and often left Edward to their own devices playing in the street. Speaking of these childhood years they once said, "So ignorant was I that I did not know that there was a God." They were finally exposed to the Christian gospel and was baptised the age of 18. They were trained as a cabinetmaker and worked in London for 37 years. Only in their 50s did they enter the ministry and was pastor at Rehoboth Baptist Church in Horsham, West Sussex for 26 years. They were well liked by the congregation in Horsham and they offered them the church building as a gift. Mote replied "I do not want the chapel, I only want the pulpit; and when I cease to preach Christ, then turn me out of that." They died on 13 November 1874 and is buried in the churchyard at Rehoboth Church.
Hymns
Perhaps their best known hymn is "My Hope Is Built on Nothing Less", which refers to the Parable of the Wise and the Foolish Builders, with its refrain 'On Christ the solid Rock I stand, All other ground is sinking sand'.
A collection of approximately 100 of their hymns was published under the title Hymns of Praise, A New Selection of Gospel Hymns, Combining All the Excellencies of our Spiritual Poets, with Many Originals.
References
External links
Rehoboth Baptist Church, Horsham
Words & music for “My Hope Is Built” at the Cyber Hymnal
1797 births
1874 deaths
Christian hymnwriters
English hymnwriters
19th-century English Baptist ministers
19th-century English musicians
Saltus may refer to:
People
Edgar Saltus (1855–1921), American writer known for their highly refined prose style
Francis Saltus Saltus (1849–1889), American poet
Thomas Saltus Lubbock (1817–1862), Texas Ranger and soldier in the Confederate army during the American Civil War
Latin
The Latin word saltus (pl. saltūs) meaning "leap," as in:
Natura non facit saltus ("nature does not make jumps"), a principle of natural philosophy; hence in scientific usage:
Saltation (biology)
Saltation (geology)
Saltatory conduction
Saltus lunae, a "leap of the moon" in Christian calendar computation; see computus
See also Sault, a pre-17th century French form meaning "falls" derived from Latin saltus, found in many place names
Saltus meaning "wooded area" or "wilderness," as in:
Saltus Teutoburgiensis or Teutoburg Forest
Hercynius saltus, one of the Latin names for the Hercynian Forest
Carbonarius saltus or Silva Carbonaria, the "charcoal forest" in Belgium
Saltus Vasconum, a Roman term for territory inhabited by the Vascones or ancient Basques
Saltus Tariotarum; see Tariotes
Saltus, a unit of area equal to about 200 ha or 500 acres; see
Places, schools, and businesses
Saltus, a Byzantine name for Salt, Jordan
Saltus, a town in San Bernardino County, California
Saltus Grammar School, in Pembroke Parish, Bermuda
Saltus Island, an island of Bermuda
Saltus Grocery Store, in Burlington, Vermont
Zoology
Amblyseius saltus, a species of mite in the family Amblyseius
Lysiteles saltus, a species of spider in the genus Lysiteles
Aprostocetus saltus, a species of insect in the genus Aprostocetus
Other
Saltus Award, awarded by the American Numismatic Society; see List of Saltus Award winners
A type of wrench
The ochre-collared piculet (Picumnus temminckii) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
The adult ochre-collared piculet is between in length. The crown is mainly black with small white spots; the male has a red flecked or solid red fore-crown while the female does not. The nape and the sides of the neck form a cinnamon collar. The upper parts of the body are brownish and the flight feathers are chocolate. The tail is mostly black but the inner webs of the central two feathers are white, and the inner webs of the outer four feathers are whitish near the tip. The chin and throat are white with slight barring, and the underparts are white or cream heavily barred with black, especially on the lower belly. The iris is brown, the beak is black and slightly curved and the legs are grey.
Distribution and habitat
The ochre-collared piculet is native to South America, its range extending from southeastern Brazil and eastern Paraguay to northeastern Argentina. It is a resident and sedentary species found at altitudes of up to . Its habitat is mostly lowland rainforest with bamboos, vines and tangled growth, but it is also found in secondary growth, thickets, tall scrub, parks and gardens. It hybridizes with the white-barred piculet where their ranges overlap.
Ecology
The ochre-collared piculet forages through the undergrowth, including scrambling among vines, slender branches and saplings. Its diet is ants, beetle larvae and other small invertebrates. Its breeding habits have been little studied but it nests in a hole in a tree; one nest in São Paulo State in Brazil was above the ground and a male was seen attending it in October.
Status
The ochre-collared piculet has a very wide range and is described as a fairly common bird. The population has not been quantified but the bird faces no particular threats, and the population trend appears to be stable, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern.
References
ochre-collared piculet
Birds of the Selva Misionera
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of the South Region
ochre-collared piculet
Birds of South America
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
|}
The Royal Bond Novice Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Fairyhouse over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are ten hurdles to be jumped. The race is for novice hurdlers, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late November or early December.
The event is named after Royal Bond, a successful National Hunt horse trained by Arthur Moore in the early 1980s. It was established in 1994, and it has held Grade 1 status throughout its history. It is usually staged on the same afternoon as two other top-grade races – the Drinmore Novice Chase and the Hatton's Grace Hurdle.
Records
Leading jockey (4 wins):
Paul Carberry – Gambolling Doc (1994), Wild Passion (2004), Iktitaf (2005), Muirhead (2007)
Charlie Swan – Thats My Man (1995), Istabraq (1996), Liss A Paoraigh (2000), Like-a-Butterfly (2001)
Ruby Walsh - Alexander Banquet (1998), Sous les Cieux (2011), Long Dog (2015), Quick Grabim (2018)
Leading trainer (9 wins):
Willie Mullins - Alexander Banquet (1998), Hurricane Fly (2008), Zaidpour (2010), Sous les Cieux (2011), Nichols Canyon (2014), Long Dog (2015), Airlie Beach (2016), Quick Grabim (2018), Statuaire (2021)
Winners
See also
Horse racing in Ireland
List of Irish National Hunt races
References
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , ,
pedigreequery.com – Royal Bond Novice Hurdle – Fairyhouse.
National Hunt races in Ireland
National Hunt hurdle races
Recurring sporting events established in 1994
Fairyhouse Racecourse
1994 establishments in Ireland
The Guthrie Historic District (GHD) is a National Historic Landmark District encompassing the commercial core of Guthrie, Oklahoma, US. According to its National Historic Landmark Nomination it is roughly bounded by Oklahoma Avenue on the north, Broad Street on the east, Harrison Avenue on the south, and the railroad tracks on the west; it also includes 301 W. Harrison Avenue. The National Historic Landmarks Program on-line document describes the boundaries as "14th Street, College Avenue, Pine Street and Lincoln Avenue. One building, the Logan County Courthouse, is at 301 E. Harrison Avenue, outside the main boundaries of the GHD," This article relies on the former source, which is more detailed. According to the 1998 nomination, the proposed district covered . The nomination included 112 resources, classed as 69 contributing buildings, 38 non-contributing buildings, 1 non-contributing structure and 3 noncontributing objects. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1999 for its historic significance as the first capital of the Oklahoma Territory and of Oklahoma.
Period of significance
The period of significance is defined as 1889 to 1910, when most of the contributing buildings were erected. The most notable architect at the time was Joseph Pierre Foucart, who designed many of the buildings in the table below. The city of Guthrie was founded in 1889 in the wake of the Land Rush of 1889 which opened lands of the Indian Territory to white settlement. Guthrie promptly became the capital of the Oklahoma Territory. When Oklahoma became a state on November 16, 1907, Guthrie became the first state capital, a role it held until 1910, when the seat of government moved to Oklahoma City. Guthrie thereafter declined in commercial importance and changed little for many years. The GHD was assessed to have a high degree of historic integrity.
Architectural styles
Late Victorian
Italianate
Romanesque
Late 19th & Early 20th Century Revivals
Beaux Arts
Classical Revival
Late 19th & Early 20th Century American Movements
Commercial Style
The district includes buildings separately listed on the National Register of Historic Places, including:
Carnegie Library
Co-operative Publishing Company Building
Logan County Courthouse
Building classifications
As part of the application process, all of the significant buildings within the proposed district boundaries were labeled as either "Contributing" or "non-contributing". Buildings in the former category had to meet the following criteria:
Built between 1893 and 1910;
Had not lost their historical character through remodeling or conversion to other uses
The table presented here identifies the buildings contained by the GHD, as defined in the NRHP application. Data are largely derived from text descriptions in the application.
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Logan County, Oklahoma
References
Further reading
National Historic Landmark Nomination: Guthrie Historic District. 1998.
External links
Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Guthrie Historic District
National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
Geography of Logan County, Oklahoma
Victorian architecture in Oklahoma
Neoclassical architecture in Oklahoma
Guthrie, Oklahoma
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Logan County, Oklahoma
Stormhouse is a 2011 British independent horror film directed by Dan Turner and starring Grant Masters and Katie Flynn.
Plot
Four months before the war in Iraq, a supernatural creature is caught by the United States army and locked in a British military facility. Hayley (Katie Flynn) comes into the facility as a paranormal investigator.  They are called in to see if the entity is safely locked away. As the film continues, the entity is released and starts killing people at the facility.
Reception
Paul Doro of Shock Till You Drop said that "Stormhouse is an example of boring mediocrity". Ross Miller of Blogcritics called the film "one of the biggest disappointments of the EIFF 2011". Mac McEntire of DVD Verdict thought that the film "seemed like such a cool idea. Instead, we get…a chain link fence."
References
British horror films
British independent films
Associação Olímpica de Itabaiana, commonly known as Itabaiana, is a Brazilian professional association football club based in Itabaiana, Sergipe. The team plays in Série D, the fourth tier of the Brazilian football league system, as well as in the Campeonato Sergipano, the top tier of the Sergipe state football league.
They competed in the Série Five times.
History
Itabaiana were founded on July 10, 1938, after Botafogo Sport Club folded. The club competed in the Série A in 1974, 1979, 1980, 1981 and 1982.
Stadium
Itabaiana play their home games at Estádio Etelvino Mendonça. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 14,123 people. It was inaugurated on March 5, 1971, in a game against Grêmio.
Colors
Home: shirt with blue, white and red vertical stripes, blue shorts and blue socks.
Away: white shirt with horizontal bands in red and blue, white shorts and white socks.
Achievements
Taça Nordeste:
Winners (1): 1971
Campeonato Sergipano:
Winners (10): 1969, 1973, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1997, 2005, 2012
Copa Governo do Estado de Sergipe:
Winners (2): 2006, 2007
Current squad
As of January 30, 2009
CBF ranking
Position: 99
Points: 95
The CBF ranking was created by the Brazilian Football Confederation to determine the number of spots per state in the Copa do Brasil.
References
External links
Association football clubs established in 1938
1938 establishments in Brazil
Linear dichroism (LD) or diattenuation is the difference between absorption of light polarized parallel and polarized perpendicular to an orientation axis. It is the property of a material whose transmittance depends on the orientation of linearly polarized light incident upon it. As a technique, it is primarily used to study the functionality and structure of molecules. LD measurements are based on the interaction between matter and light and thus are a form of electromagnetic spectroscopy.
This effect has been applied across the EM spectrum, where different wavelengths of light can probe a host of chemical systems. The predominant use of LD currently is in the study of bio-macromolecules (e.g. DNA) as well as synthetic polymers.
Basic information
Linear polarization
LD uses linearly polarized light, which is light that has been polarized in one direction only. This produces a wave, the electric field vector, which oscillates in only one plane, giving rise to a classic sinusoidal wave shape as the light travels through space. By using light parallel and perpendicular to the orientation direction it is possible to measure how much more energy is absorbed in one dimension of the molecule relative to the other, providing information to the experimentalist.
As light interacts with the molecule being investigated, should the molecule start absorbing the light then electron density inside the molecule will be shifted as the electron becomes photoexcited. This movement of charge is known as an electronic transition, the direction of which is called the electric transition polarisation. It is this property for which LD is a measurement.
The LD of an oriented molecule can be calculated using the following equation:-
LD = A║- A┴
Where A║ is the absorbance parallel to the orientation axis and A┴ is the absorbance perpendicular to the orientation axis.
Note that light of any wavelength can be used to generate an LD signal.
The LD signal generated therefore has two limits upon the signal that can be generated. For a chemical system whose electric transition is parallel to the orientation axis, the following equation can be written:
LD = A║- A┴ = A║ > 0
For most chemical systems this represents an electric transition polarised across the length of the molecule (i.e. parallel to the orientation axis).
Alternatively, the electric transition polarisation can be found to be perfectly perpendicular to the orientation of the molecule, giving rise to the following equation:
LD = A║- A┴ = - A┴ < 0
This equation represents the LD signal recorded if the electric transition is polarised across the width of the molecule (i.e. perpendicular to the orientation axis), which in the case of LD is the smaller of the two investigable axes.
LD can therefore be used in two ways. If the orientation of the molecules in flow is known, then the experimentalist can look at the direction of polarisation in the molecule (which gives an insight into the chemical structure of a molecule), or if the polarisation direction is unknown it can be used as a means of working out how oriented in flow a molecule is.
UV linear dichroism
Ultraviolet (UV) LD is typically employed in the analysis of biological molecules, especially large, flexible, long molecules that prove difficult to structurally determine by such methods as NMR and X-ray diffraction.
DNA
DNA is almost ideally suited for UV LD detection. The molecule is very long and very thin, making it very easy to orient in flow. This gives rise to a strong LD signal. DNA systems that have been studied using UV LD include DNA-enzyme complexes and DNA-ligand complexes, the formation of the latter being easily observable through kinetic experiments.
Fibrous protein
Fibrous proteins, such as proteins involved in Alzheimer's disease and prion proteins fulfil the requirements for UV LD in that they are a class of long, thin molecules. In addition, cytoskeletal proteins can also be measured using LD.
Membrane proteins
The insertion of membrane proteins into a lipid membrane has been monitored using LD, supplying the experimentalist with information about the orientation of the protein relative to the lipid membrane at different time points.
In addition, other types of molecule have been analysed by UV LD, including carbon nanotubes and their associated ligand complexes.
Alignment methods
Couette flow
The Couette flow orientation system is the most widely used method of sample orientation for UV LD. It has a number of characteristics which make it highly suitable as a method of sample alignment. Couette flow is currently the only established means of orientating molecules in the solution phase. This method also requires only very small amounts of analysis sample ( 20 - 40 µl) in order to generate an LD spectrum. The constant recirculation of sample is another useful property of the system, allowing many repeat measurements to be taken of each sample, decreasing the effect of noise on the final recorded spectrum.
Its mode of operation is very simple, with the sample sandwiched between a spinning tube and a stationary rod. As the sample is spun inside the cell, the light beam is shone through the sample, the parallel absorbance calculated from horizontally polarised light, the perpendicular absorbance from the vertically polarised light.
Couette flow UV LD is currently the only commercially available means of LD orientation.
Stretched film
Stretched film linear dichroism is a method of orientation based on incorporating the sample molecules into a polyethylene film. The polyethylene film is then stretched, causing the randomly oriented molecules on the film to ‘follow' the movement of the film. The stretching of the film results in the sample molecules being oriented in the direction of the stretch.
Associated techniques
Circular Dichroism
LD is very similar to Circular Dichroism (CD), but with two important differences. (i) CD spectroscopy uses circularly polarized light whereas LD uses linearly polarized light. (ii) In CD experiments molecules are usually free in solution so they are randomly oriented. The observed spectrum is then a function only of the chiral or asymmetric nature of the molecules in the solution. With biomacromolecules CD is particularly useful for determining the secondary structure. By way of contrast, in LD experiments the molecules need to have a preferential orientation otherwise the LD=0. With biomacromolecules flow orientation is often used, other methods include stretched films, magnetic fields, and squeezed gels. Thus LD gives information such as alignment on a surface or the binding of a small molecule to a flow-oriented macromolecule, endowing it with different functionality from other spectroscopic techniques. The differences between LD and CD are complementary and can be a potent means for elucidating the structure of biological molecules when used in conjunction with one another, the combination of techniques revealing far more information than a single technique in isolation. For example, CD tells us when a membrane peptide or protein folds whereas LD tells when it inserts into a membrane.
Fluorescence detected Linear Dichroism
Fluorescence-detected linear dichroism (FDLD) is a very useful technique to the experimentalist as it combines the advantages of UV LD whilst also offering the confocal detection of the fluorescence emission. FDLD has applications in microscopy, where it can be used as a means of two-dimensional surface mapping through differential polarisation spectroscopy (DPS) where the anisotropy of the scanned object allows an image to be recorded. FDLD can also be used in conjunction with intercalating fluorescent dyes (which can also be monitored using UV LD). The intensity difference recorded between the two types of polarised light for the fluorescence reading is proportional to the UV LD signal, allowing the use of DPS to image surfaces
References
Spectroscopy
The Fourth Wall is a mystery play by the British writer A.A. Milne. It was first staged at the Haymarket Theatre in 1928. Under the name, The Perfect Alibi, it was produced at the Charles Hopkins Theatre on Broadway from November 1928 through July 1929.
Adaptations
In 1930 the play was adapted for the film Birds of Prey directed by Basil Dean.
In 1949 it was adapted by BBC television as a ninety-minute drama called The Perfect Alibi and was first broadcast on 6 August 1949. The cast included Edward Lexy as Major Fothergill, Daisy Burrell as Mrs Fulverton-Fane, Ian Fleming as Arthur Ludgrove, and Arthur Young as Edward Carter.
References
Bibliography
Kershaw, Baz. The Cambridge History of British Theatre: Volume 3. Cambridge University Press, 2004.
Plays by A. A. Milne
1928 plays
British plays adapted into films
West End plays
Najm Allal (, born 1966) is a singer, guitarist and writer of lyrics in Spanish from Western Sahara.
Biography
Life
They were born in a nomadic family at the Ued Hawa, near Smara (Western Sahara) in 1966. All their brothers and sisters do poetry, and their brother Mohamed Lamin and Najm were musicians. Their father worked in a Spanish company who constructed a road in the zone.
In 1975, they fled with all their family to Tifariti, then Mahbes and finally Tindouf. The next year they started school in the Sahrawi refugee camps. They take secondary education in Algerian high schools. When they finished their studies, they had to do military service, where they learned the accordion and acoustic guitar. They subsequently joined the SPLA in 1986, as part of the Sahrawi military band. In 1990 they were intended to the frontline, where they composed their first hit and one of their most known songs "Viva el POLISARIO" ("Long live the POLISARIO"), where they describe the conquest of a Moroccan position.
Career
In 1997, they were moved back to Tindouf, where they joined the musical agrupation of the Wilaya of El Aaiun in the Sahrawi refugee camps, as they left the Army. That year they got in touch with the people of the Spanish music label Nubenegra, and they started to collaborate as guitarist in many editions of the label, most notably on the v.v.a.a. album Sáhara tierra mía ("Sahara land of mine"). That album contains "Viva el POLISARIO" and another of their most known works, the theme "Canta conmigo", ("Sing with me"). They also joined the Sahrawi band Leyoad in 1998, touring Europe with the band that year, and again in 2002 presenting the album Mariem Hassan con Leyoad.
In 2003, they released their first solo album, Nar ("Fire"), sung in Arabic, and giving more protagonism to their electric guitar, in a similar way as the Mali blues groups.  They are considered one of the innovators of Western Sahara's traditional music, the "Hawl". Their work has been added to the World Music National Geographic database. The character of some of Allal's lyrics is highly charged politically; this reflects political uncertainties which Western Sahara has faced in recent years.
Discography
Studio albums
2003 Nar
Featured in
1998 Sáhara tierra mía (CD 2 of Sahrauis: The Music of the Western Sahara)
2002 Mariem Hassan con Leyoad
2004 Medej – Cantos antiguos Saharauis
2007 Hugo Westerdahl – Western Sahara
See also
Music of Western Sahara
Mariem Hassan
Aziza Brahim
Spanish language#Africa
References
External links
Official website
Sahrawi singers
People from Smara
Living people
1966 births
Spanish-language singers
Blues guitarists
Sahrawi dissidents
Yaacov Haber is a rabbi has taught Jews about Jewish heritage for almost thirty years.
Biography
Rabbi Haber was ordained in Jerusalem by Rabbi Chaim Pinchas Scheinberg of Yeshivah Torah Ore and by Chacham Avrohom Ochana of Yeshivah Ahavat Shalom.
After their ordination in Israel, Rabbi Haber returned to their hometown of Buffalo, New York in 1979 with their family to found the Torah Center of Buffalo. During their ten years in Buffalo they served as spiritual leader, first of the Amherst Synagogue and later at Congregation Achei Tmimim (also known as the Saranac Synagogue).
From there they went to Melbourne, Australia where the Rabbi founded the Australian Institute of Torah, an adult education program.
Rabbi Haber then returned to the United States to become the National Director of Jewish Education for the Orthodox Union. They created learning programs such as the Pardes Project.
Rabbi Haber was the Rav of Bais Torah Congregation in Monsey, New York where they succeeded Rabbi Berel Wein.
Currently, Rabbi Haber serves as President of Mosaica Press.
 They are the author of books in English and Hebrew.
Since Rosh Hashana 5769 (2008), Rabbi Haber has held the position of Rabbi of Kehillas Shivtei Yeshurun in Ramat Beit Shemesh, where they currently live with their wife, Bayle, and children.
Trivia
On February 12, 2009, Rabbi Haber was booked aboard Colgan Air Flight 3407 from Newark, NJ, to Buffalo, NY, but was forced to miss the flight because powerful winds prevented them from driving to the airport. The flight crashed on arrival in Buffalo, killing all 49 people on board.
They live in Ramat Bet Shemesh.
PublicationsConversation of TorahSefiros: Spiritual Refinement Through Counting the Omer (With David Sedley) (TorahLab Publishers: 2008/ Judaica Press 2009) (150 pp.; )Lev Avos on Pirkei Avos (Hebrew) (TorahLab Publishers: 2007)Reachings - Talks on TorahCritical Issues for Jews of TodayThe First Ten DaysChidushei Rav Yosef Engel al HaTorah (Hebrew)New Heights in Jewish Prayer With 44 Hours of Audio''
References
External links
TorahLab, Rabbi Haber's homepage
Short Bio & Free MP3 Lectures by Rabbi Yaacov Haber
Kehillas Shivtei Yeshurun
Mosaica Press
American Orthodox rabbis
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Beit Shemesh
People from Monsey, New York
Religious leaders from Buffalo, New York
21st-century American Jews
Lama is a former civil parish in the municipality of Santo Tirso, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Areias, Sequeiró, Lama e Palmeira. It is located 2 km north of the city of Santo Tirso.
References
Freguesias of Santo Tirso
Former parishes of Portugal
Kłębanowice wieś w Polsce położona w województwie dolnośląskim, w powiecie Legnica County Gmina Legnickie Pole, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
References
Villages in Legnica County
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 6, 1894. All of the state's executive officers—the Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor, Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election. The Republican Party, helped by the strong performance of the Populist Party, which operated as a spoiler to the Democratic Party, won back the governorship and improved its margin of victory in all other statewide offices.
Governor
Incumbent Democratic Governor John E. Osborne, first elected in the 1892 special election, declined to run for a second term. Republican nominee William A. Richards, the Surveyor General of Wyoming, defeated State Senator William H. Holliday by a wide margin.
Secretary of State
Incumbent Republican Secretary of State Amos W. Barber, who served as acting Governor for several years following the resignation of Governor Francis E. Warren, declined to run for re-election as Secretary of State. State Auditor Charles W. Burdick was nominated at the Republican convention to run as Barber's successor. They faced Democratic nominee Caleb P. Organ, a former member of the Territorial Council and the 1888 Democratic nominee for Congress from the Wyoming Territory's at-large congressional district, and Populist nominee David W. Elliott. Burdick handily defeated both.
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent State Auditor Charles W. Burdick opted to run for Secretary of State rather than seeking a second term as Auditor. Republican William O. Owen, the former Albany County Surveyor, was nominated by the Republican convention as Burdick's successor. They faced Democratic nominee James M. Fenwick, the Clerk of the Second Judicial District Court, and Populist nominee John F. Pierce in the general election. Owen easily defeated both to win their first and only term as State Auditor.
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican Treasurer Otto Gramm was unable to seek re-election as Treasurer due to term limits, creating an open seat. Banker Henry G. Hay won the Republican nomination to succeed Gramm, George Bolin, a Douglas business person, was nominated by the Democratic convention as Hay's opponent. Hay defeated both Bolin and Populist nominee Wilbur F. Williams in a landslide.
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Republican Superintendent of Public Instruction Stephen Farwell declined to seek re-election, and Estelle Reel, the Laramie County Superintendent of Schools, was nominated as their successor by the Republican convention. Arthur J. Matthews, the superintendent of city schools in Rock Springs, was named by the Democratic convention as its candidate, and Sarah H. Rollman was nominated by the Populist Party. Reed defeated both by a sizable margin, becoming the first woman elected to statewide office in Wyoming.
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
The Col. William T. Roberts House, at 8652 Campbellton St. in Douglasville, Georgia, was built in 1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It is a two-story wood-frame house built in restrained version of Classical Revival style. It has a central hall, four-over-four plan. It has a full-width one-story front porch with a covered balcony above, and two side porches.
It was built to serve as home of Colonel William T. Roberts (1858-1932) and their family, who had been Mayor of Douglasville, state representative for the county, and county solicitor. They lived here from 1901 to 1914, during which rose to national prominence. They were elected Solicitor General, i.e. a district attorney, for a multiple county area for two terms during 1895–1903, and elected State Senator for 1911–1912. In 1914, President Woodrow Wilson appointed them to serve as attorney with the new Federal Trade Commission, and they moved to Washington, D.C. The National Register nomination states "he was the only known local Douglas County official to move up the political ladder to a national job, and one of the few in Georgia; especially in the half century following the Civil War."
References
National Register of Historic Places in Douglas County, Georgia
Neoclassical architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Houses completed in 1901
The 2004 Food City 500 was the sixth stock car race of the 2004 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series season and the 44th iteration of the event. The race was held on Sunday, March 28, 2004, before a crowd of 160,000 in Bristol, Tennessee at Bristol Motor Speedway, a 0.533 miles (0.858 km) permanent oval-shaped racetrack. The race took the scheduled 500 laps to complete. Kurt Busch of Roush Racing would hold off the field on the final restart with two to go to win their fifth career NASCAR Nextel Cup Series win of their career and their first of the season. To fill out the podium, Rusty Wallace of Penske-Jasper Racing and Kevin Harvick of Richard Childress Racing would finish second and third, respectively.
Background
The Bristol Motor Speedway, formerly known as Bristol International Raceway and Bristol Raceway, is a NASCAR short track venue located in Bristol, Tennessee. Constructed in 1960, it held its first NASCAR race on July 30, 1961. Despite its short length, Bristol is among the most popular tracks on the NASCAR schedule because of its distinct features, which include extraordinarily steep banking, an all concrete surface, two pit roads, and stadium-like seating. It has also been named one of the loudest NASCAR tracks.
Entry list
Practice
First practice
The first practice session occurred on Friday, March 26, at 11:20 AM EST and would last for two hours. Jeff Gordon of Hendrick Motorsports would set the fastest time in the session, with a lap of 15.009 and an average speed of .
Second practice
The second practice session occurred on Saturday, March 27, at 9:30 AM EST and would last for 45 minutes. Dale Earnhardt Jr. of Dale Earnhardt, Inc. would set the fastest time in the session, with a lap of 15.447 and an average speed of .
Third and final practice
The third and final practice session, sometimes referred to as Happy Hour, occurred on Saturday, March 27, at 11:10 AM EST and would last for 45 minutes. Brian Vickers of Hendrick Motorsports would set the fastest time in the session, with a lap of 15.604 and an average speed of .
Qualifying
Qualifying occurred on Friday, March 27, at 3:00 PM EST. Each driver would have two laps to set the fastest time; the fastest of the two would count as their official qualifying lap. Positions 1-38 would be decided on time, while positions 39-43 would be based on provisionals. Four spots are awarded by the use of provisionals based on owner's points. The fifth is awarded to a past champion who has not otherwise qualified for the race. If no past champ needs the provisional, the next team in the owner points will be awarded a provisional.
Ryan Newman of Penske-Jasper Racing would win the pole, setting a time of 14.954 and an average speed of .
Kirk Shelmerdine would crash on their second lap in turn 3, slamming the outside wall. While they had set a lap, they were forced to use a provisional.
Morgan Shepherd would be the only driver to not qualify for the race.
Full qualifying results
Race results
References
2004 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series
NASCAR races at Bristol Motor Speedway
March 2004 sports events in the United States
2004 in sports in Tennessee
The Year of the Everlasting Storm is a 2021 American anthology film featuring segments directed by Jafar Panahi, Anthony Chen, Malik Vitthal, Laura Poitras, Dominga Sotomayor, David Lowery and Apichatpong Weerasethakul.
The film had its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival on July 14, 2021. It was released on September 3, 2021, by Neon.
Plot
Production
In May 2021, it was announced Jafar Panahi, Anthony Chen, Malik Vitthal, Laura Poitras, Dominga Sotomayor, David Lowery and Apichatpong Weerasethakul had directed an anthology film, with Neon producing and distributing.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival on July 14, 2021. It is scheduled to be released on September 3, 2021.
Reception
The Year of the Everlasting Storm holds a 94% approval rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 31 reviews, with a weighted average of 7.40/10. The site's consensus states: "The Year of the Everlasting Storm presents a diverse assortment of filmmakers offering a varied yet compelling response to shared trauma".
References
External links
2021 films
American anthology films
Films directed by Jafar Panahi
Films directed by Laura Poitras
Films directed by David Lowery
Films directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul
Neon (distributor) films
2020s English-language films
Akbar Kargarjam is an Iranian association football defender who played for Iran at the 1972 Summer Olympics. They also played for Rah Ahan and Taj SC.
Honours
Club
Asian Club Championship
Winner: 1
1970 with Taj SC
Third Place: 1
1971 with Taj SC
Takht Jamshid Cup
Winner: 1
1974–75 with Taj SC
Individual
Man of the year: 1973
References
Iran international footballers
Iranian footballers
Esteghlal F.C. players
Rah Ahan players
1944 births
Living people
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Olympic footballers of Iran
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
1972 AFC Asian Cup players
Asian Games medalists in football
Association football defenders
Footballers at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Shadow To Shine is a solo album from Bing Ji Ling. It was released in March 2011 by Tummy Touch Records. Having co- produced, written, recorded and performed two full-length records, an EP, and a slew of singles, Bing Ji Ling decided to work with outside producers for the first time. The album was produced by Embassy Sound Productions (Sean Marquand and Daniel Collas of Phenomenal Handclap Band). Shadow To Shine also features other musicians such as Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings, Scissor Sisters, Antibalas and Phenomenal Handclap Band.
Track listing
Credits
Musicians on all tracks, except where noted:
Lead vocals: Bing Ji Ling
Drums: Patrick Wood
Guitars and Bass: Luke O'Malley
Keyboard instruments: Daniel Collas
Congas: Paddy Boom
Background vocals: Bing Ji Ling, Patrick Wood, Luke O'malley
Trumpet : Dave Guy
Tenor and Baritone Saxophone: Leon Michels
Tambourine, cowbell, jawbone, ago go: Daniel Collás
Flute: Rodrigão Ursaia
Strings: Carolyn Pook and the Chanel Strings
Horn and string arrangements: Daniel Collás
References
Thompson, P. (2009, August 13). Pitchfork. Phenomenal Handclap Band. Retrieved November 10, 2011 from http://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/13376-the-phenomenal-handclap-band/
The Phenomenal Handclap Band (2011) . Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.friendlyfirerecordings.com/Bands/PHCB/phcb.html
My Spoonful (2011). Retrieved November 17, 2011, from https://web.archive.org/web/20111206223046/http://myspoonful.com/bing-ji-ling
BING JI LING AT THE TOP OF THE STANDARD. Retrieved November 17, 2011, http://www.nypress.com/blog-8756-bing-ji-ling-at-the-top-of-the-standard.html
2011 albums
Alonsoa meridionalis (syn. Alonsoa grandiflora, Alonsoa incisifolia and Alonsoa warscewiczii), is an ornamental plant in the family Scrophulariaceae.
References
External links
Alonsoa grandiflora picture
Scrophulariaceae
Lakeshore Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Gainesville, Georgia. It was built in 1970 and features four anchor stores.
History
The center opened as Lakeshore Plaza in 1970, featuring Roses Stores and JCPenney. Belk-Gallant joined in 1973 as a third anchor. An expansion in 1987 added a new wing on the opposite side of JCPenney, which included a Sears, a food court, and a movie theater. Also, the Roses store became a second Belk. In 1998, the mall was sold to Colonial Properties, and again in 2010 to Garrison Investment Group.
In October 2013, Dick's Sporting Goods opened between Sears and JCPenney, in the space previously occupied by the food court, movie theater, and several small shop stores. The mall was purchased by Stockbridge Enterprises in 2017.
On December 28, 2018, it was announced that Sears would be closing as part of a plan to close 80 stores nationwide. The store will close in March 2019.
On June 4, 2020, it was announced that JCPenney will be closing around October 2020 as part of a plan to close 154 stores nationwide. After JCPenney closes, Dick's Sporting Goods, the 2 Belks, and Books-A-Million will be the only anchor stores left.
References
External links
Shopping malls established in 1970
Shopping malls in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures in Hall County, Georgia
1970 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Erigeron sivinskii is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Sivinski's fleabane.. It has been found in the southwestern United States, in the states of Arizona and New Mexico.
The species is named for botanist and forester Robert C. Sivinski.
Erigeron sivinskii grows on red clay and shale slopes in desert scrub and open pinyon-juniper woodland. It is a small perennial herb rarely more than 8 cm (3.2 inches) tall. The inflorescence generally contains only one flower heads per stem. Each head contains 21–33 ray florets each ray white with a lilac stripe down the middle. These surround many yellow disc florets.
References
sivinskii
Flora of Arizona
Flora of New Mexico
Plants described in 1992
Léon Trépanier (June 29, 1881 – September 19, 1967) was a Quebec journalist, historian and politician. They were president of the Saint-Jean-Baptiste Society of Montreal from 1925 to 1929.
The son of François Trépanier and d'Élise Huard, they were born in Quebec City and was educated at the University of Ottawa. They began their career as a journalist in Montreal at La Presse in 1901 and later worked at La Patrie and Le Devoir. Trépanier represented Lafontaine on Montreal city council from 1921 to 1938. As president of the Saint-Jean-Baptiste Society, they proposed the installation of the illuminated cross on Mount Royal and initiated the annual parades held on Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day in Montreal. They served as leader of the Montreal City Council from 1928 to 1930 and from 1932 to 1934. They led the preparations for the celebrations of the 300th anniversary of the founding of Montreal. While serving as alderman, they proposed the installation of the illuminated fountain in Montreal's La Fontaine Park.
In 1906, they married Anne-Marie Gagnon.
Later in life, they pursued a second career as a historian. They were a member of the Société des Dix and published biographies of several Montreal mayors.
Trépanier was a member of the Cercle universitaire de Montréal and the Commission des monuments et des sites historiques du Québec.
They died in 1967 at the age of 86.
Selected bibliography
Figures de maires : Sévère-Dominique Rivard (1956)
Figures de Maires : Édouard-Raymond Fabre (1959)
Nos hôtels de ville (1960)
On veut savoir - 4 volumes 1960-1962
L'affaire Walker à Montréal en 1764 (1962)
Guillaume Lamothe (1824-1911) (1964)
Les attributs de la mairie de Montréal (1966)
Les rues du vieux Montréal au fil du temps (1968)
Honours
Order of the British Empire (1943)
Gold medal of the Société historique de Montréal (1963)
Avenue Léon-Trépanier in Montreal, Rue Léon-Trépanier in Trois-Rivières and Rue Léon-Trépanier in Sherbrooke were named in their honour
References
1881 births
1967 deaths
Journalists from Quebec
Canadian Members of the Order of the British Empire
Presidents of the Saint-Jean-Baptiste Society of Montreal
Montreal city councillors
Historians from Quebec
Av Harikrishna (born 19 August 1996) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for I-League club Chennai City FC.
Career
In the 2018-19 Kerala premier league season Harikrishna played five matches and scored two goals.In 2019 they played in Durand Cup against ATK and scored one goal.
Harikrishna made their first appearance for Chennai City FC on 9 January 2021 in I-League.
Career statistics
References
Living people
1996 births
Indian footballers
Footballers from Thrissur
Association football midfielders
I-League players
I-League 2nd Division players
F.C. Kerala players
Chennai City FC players
Juan Antonio García Díez (4 August 1940 – 6 May 1998) was a Spanish politician from the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) who held several cabinet posts between 1977 and 1982, most prominently serving as Deputy Prime Minister of Spain from December 1981 to December 1982.
References
Deputy Prime Ministers of Spain
Economy and finance ministers of Spain
Government ministers of Spain
Industry ministers of Spain
Justice ministers of Spain
1940 births
1998 deaths
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Benjamin Patersen, or Patersson (Russian: Бенжамен Патерсен; 2 September 1748/50, in Varberg 1815, in Saint Petersburg) was a Swedish-born Russian painter and engraver known primarily for their cityscapes.
Biography
Benjamin Patersen was born in Varberg to a family of customs clerks. Little is known of their early years and childhood. They studied Art in Göteborg from Simon Fick and soon became a member of the Local Art Society. In the late 1770s they travelled to Poland, Latvia and Lithuania. From 1774 to 1786, they resided and worked in Riga.
In 1787, Patersen came to St Petersburg. According to their advertisment, given in the ‘Sankt-Peterburgskie Vedomosti' newspaper on the 22 of January, 1787, they stayed in house No. 154 near the Blue Bridge. Patersen got married in 1791 and baptized their daughter in 1795 in the Church of Saint Catherine.
They never lost touch with Sweden. It is known that they visited the country in 1806. Since 1790, they sent their works to the annual exhibitions at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts, in 1798, they were named its member.
In the mid 1790s, Patersen was given the first contract by the Royal Court. Soon, they were appointed to a court painter position.
Art and Legacy
Though they began as a portraitist, at the age of 38 Patersen concentrated on cityscapes and, after moving to St Petersburg, devoted their art to that city. Around 1800, on a commission by Tsar Paul I, Patersen created a series of works depicting the banks of the Neva, which earned them an appointment as court painter.
Most of their cityscapes feature the defined horizon line. The sky and waters of the Neva often play significant roles in the composition. Patersen drew most of the prominent buildings of the late XVIII century Petersburg, including the St. Michael's Castle, the Imperial Academy of Arts, the Tauride Palace, etc.
Patersen created over 100 of Petersburg's cityscapes; 33 in oil, the rest watercolours or tinted engravings. Collectively, they represent an irreplaceable historical record of the city as it was at that time. Most of their works are currently held by the Hermitage.
Selected works
References
Sources
External links
18th-century births
1815 deaths
18th-century painters from the Russian Empire
Russian male painters
19th-century painters from the Russian Empire
Cityscape artists
People from Varberg
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts
DAMAC can refer to:
Organizations
DAMAC Properties, a property development company
DAMAC Maison Hotels & Resorts, the hospitality division of DAMAC Properties
Damac F.C., a Saudi Arabian professional sports club based in Khamis Mushait city
Buildings
DAMAC Residenze, a supertall skyscraper under construction in Dubai Marina
DAMAC Paramount Hotel & Residences, a residential and hotel tower under construction in Downtown Dubai
DAMAC Maison-Paramount Tower 1, 2, and 3, a set of 250-metre-tall residential towers under construction in Downtown Dubai
Dubai Marina (Dubai Metro), a rapid transit station on the red line of the Dubai Metro
Other uses
"Me Damac", a track on the album Ronald Dregan: Dreganomics by Mac Dre
See also
Damak (disambiguation)
Damac Properties
The Treasure Seekers may refer to:
The Story of the Treasure Seekers, an 1899 novel by E. Nesbit
The Treasure Seekers (TV series), a 1961 British TV series, based on the novel by E. Nesbit
The Treasure Seekers (1979 film), directed by Henry Levin
The Treasure Seekers (1996 film), a made-for-TV movie, based on the novel by E. Nesbit
The 2016 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado Boulder during the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by fourth-year head coach Mike MacIntyre, they played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder and were members of the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 10–4, 8–1 in Pac-12 play to win their first Pac-12 South Division Title. They represented the South Division in the 2016 Pac-12 Football Championship Game where they lost to Washington. They were invited to the Alamo Bowl where they lost to Oklahoma State. It was their first winning season since 2005.
Previous season
Colorado finished the 2015 season 4-9, 1-8 in Pac-12 play to finish in last place in the South Division.
Personnel
Schedule
Rankings
Game summaries
vs. Colorado State
Idaho State
at Michigan
at Oregon
Oregon State
at USC
Arizona State
at Stanford
UCLA
at Arizona
Washington State
Utah
vs Washington (Pac-12 Championship Game)
vs Oklahoma State (Alamo Bowl)
Awards and honors
References
Colorado
Colorado Buffaloes football seasons
Colorado Buffaloes football
Brachymylus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish belonging to the subclass Holocephali, which includes the modern-day chimaeras.
References
Prehistoric cartilaginous fish genera
Jurassic cartilaginous fish
Cretaceous cartilaginous fish
Prehistoric fish of Europe
Chimaeriformes
Michel Wachenheim (born 16 January 1951 at Saint-Maur-des-Fossés) is a French ambassador and permanent representative of France at the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
Biography
Wachenheim graduated from École polytechnique (promotion 1972) and École nationale de l'aviation civile (promotion 1975), then begain their career in 1977 at the air traffic department. They moved to Aéroports de Paris (Paris airports) as air operations manager in 1979 and then as French airports development manager in 1983. In 1986 they were a technical director of the French air transport institute before becoming economical manager for the Direction générale de l'aviation civile in 1993. In 1995, they became technical manager for the air transport Secretary of State. In July 1997, they came back to Aéroports de Paris as Adviser and then Chief of staff for the President.
In July 2002 they became head of the Directorate General for Civil Aviation. They left this job in 2006 to be vice-president of Eurocontrol for one year while also becoming a member of the board of directors of Air France, Aéroports de Paris, Safran and SOGEPA.
In 2007, they became Chief of Staff the Ministry of Transport's Dominique Bussereau. On 1 September 2009, they became French ambassador and permanent representative of France at the International Civil Aviation Organization.
Michel Wachenheim is married, has three children and is Officier de la Légion d'honneur. The 2009-2010 promotion of the institut de formation universitaire et de recherche du transport aérien (research and training air transport institute) bears their name.
References
Bibliography
Académie nationale de l'air et de l'espace and Lucien Robineau, Les français du ciel, dictionnaire historique, Le Cherche midi, June 2005, 782 p. (), p. 527, Wachenheim, Michel
Who's Who in France, 2012, 2307 p. (), notice « Wachenheim, Michel ».
French aerospace engineers
École Polytechnique alumni
École nationale de l'aviation civile alumni
Corps de l'aviation civile
Corps des ponts
Aviation in France
1951 births
Living people
People from Saint-Maur-des-Fossés
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Officers of the National Order of Merit (France)
Clint Gabriel Yorke (born 7 June 1962 in Tobago) is a Tobagonian ex-cricketer who played for Trinidad and Tobago national cricket team in West Indian domestic cricket as an opening batsman.
References
External links
Player profile and statistics at CricketArchive
Player profile and statistics at ESPNcricinfo
1962 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago cricketers
People from Tobago
Tobagonian cricketers
is a Japanese motorcycle racer. They have competed in the GP125, GP250 and ST600 classes of the Japan Road Race Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Japanese motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
The men's road race at the 1995 UCI Road World Championships was the 62nd edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 8 October 1995 in Duitama, Colombia. The race was won by Abraham Olano of Spain.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
This is the complete list of Asian Games medalists in badminton from 1962 to 2018.
Events
Men's singles
Men's doubles
Men's team
Women's singles
Women's doubles
Women's team
Mixed doubles
References
BAC: Asian Games
Doha 2006: Medalists from previous Asian Games
Sports123: Asian Games badminton
Badminton
medalists
Asian Games
Günbaşı, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
The 1898 Atlantic hurricane season ran through the summer and the first half of fall in 1898. The season was a fairly active one, with 11 storms forming, five of which became hurricanes.
Timeline
Systems
Hurricane One
A "feeble" tropical disturbance developed into a tropical storm near West End, Grand Bahama, early on August 2. Three hours later, the storm made landfall in Hobe Sound, Florida, with winds of 40 mph (65 km/h). The system briefly weakened to a tropical depression on August 2, before re-strengthening into a tropical storm and emerging into the Gulf of Mexico near Tarpon Springs. Later that day, the cyclone intensified quickly, becoming a Category 1 hurricane on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale at 23:00 UTC. Simultaneously, the hurricane made landfall on St. George Island with winds of 80 mph (130 km/h). After moving inland, it rapidly weakened and dissipated over southwestern Alabama late on August 3.
About 24 hours of heavy rainfall was observed in the Tampa area, with "great damage done in many places." In the Florida Panhandle, considerable impact was inflicted to crops, turpentine farms, and property. Offshore, three barges, four tugboats, and many sailing crafts were sunk. Among the capsized vessels was the tugboat Nimrod, with 12 people aboard, all of whom drowned.
Hurricane Two
The next storm formed off the northern coast of Florida on August 30 causing significant damage to coastland communities when it made landfall. It hit around the border usually between South Carolina and Georgia with winds, and dissipated on September 1, causing $400,000 in damage (1898 dollars).
At Port Royal, South Carolina, this storm caused 10.82 in (275 mm) of rain over the course of a day, breaking the previous one-day record by 5.89 in (150 mm)., with a storm total of .
Hurricane Three
Hurricane Four
The Windward Islands Hurricane of 1898
Tropical Storm Five
The fifth storm formed over the western Caribbean Sea on September 12. It tracked northwestward, and hit the Yucatán Peninsula with 60 mph (97 km/h) winds. Later, the storm traveled north. It hit Louisiana on September 20 with 60 mph (97 km/h) winds and dissipated over Illinois on September 22.
Tropical Storm Six
The sixth storm formed over the western Caribbean Sea on September 20. It followed a path similar to the fifth storm, tracking northwestward and hitting the Yucatán Peninsula with 60 mph (97 km/h) winds. Later, it traveled north. The system hit the United States near the Texas/Louisiana border on September 28, and dissipated shortly thereafter. Heavy rainfall fell across the central Gulf coast and up the Mississippi Valley, with the highest totals recorded at Pensacola, Florida with and Sikeston, Missouri where fell.
Hurricane Seven
The Georgia Hurricane of 1898
The seventh storm formed to the east of the Lesser Antilles on September 25 and traveled northwest, reaching 110 mph (177 km/h) winds but sparing the islands. On the 2nd, it made landfall as a category 4 hurricane in Cumberland Island, Georgia and northeast Florida with 130 mph (217 km/h) winds, causing heavy damage amounting to around $2.5 million, and 179 casualties. It dissipated after winding its way through Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, southern Canada, part of Maine, and Newfoundland on October 6.
Tropical Storm Eight
The eighth storm formed in the Western Caribbean, crossing to the northeast across Cuba, and dissipated over the Bahamas. It formed on September 25 and dissipated on September 28.
Tropical Storm Nine
A tropical wave forms into a tropical depression on October 2 with winds of 45 MPH. The storm moved across Cuba causing minor flooding and crop damage killing 2, then nearly struck Florida. It then moved to the North Eastern sea and dissipated October 14.
This caused flooding and extensive damage on Sapelo Island, Georgia, including destroying a church at the community of Hanging Bull and washing away an entire cemetery.
Tropical Storm Ten
The 10th storm of the season followed a path similar to the 8th storm, forming in the West Caribbean, crossing Cuba, and dissipating over the Bahamas. This storm lasted from October 21 to October 23
Tropical Storm Eleven
The final storm of the season formed over the Northern Lesser Antilles on October 27 and took a nearly straight-lined path to the west, hitting the Yucatán Peninsula with 60 mph (95 km/h) winds, and dissipated soon after on November 4.
See also
List of tropical cyclones
Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
Monthly Weather Review
1898 meteorology
1898 natural disasters
Tamayo is a city and a municipality in the Baoruco province of the Dominican Republic. Tamayo is the driest location in the Dominican Republic and the only-one with a desertic climate.
Geographical context
Tamayo is a small town filled with simple, fascinating people. Belonging to the province Baoruco, it is located on the eastern side of the Neyba valley, in the mountains of western Yaque del Sur River, which separates it from the municipality of Vicente Noble in the province of Barahona, south of San Juan de la Maguana and east of the Galván township.
Climate
Its location over a number of rain shadows through the highlands of Hispaniola from the northeasterly trade winds gives Tamayo a desert climate (Köppen BWh). Rainfall is negligible during most of the year, except between May–June and August–September.
Average annual rainfall:
Average annual temperature:
Population
The municipality of Tamayo has six municipal districts, which are Cabeza de Toro, Mena, Monserrate, Santa Barbara (Batey 6), Santana and Uvilla. Cabeza de Toro is Guanarate sections to the mangito and El Granado. Mena is composed of Mena Up, Down Mena, Los Robles, Mena Batey and Los Blocks of Mena.
Monserrate contains Santa Maria and Hato Nuevo, while Santana contains Bayahonda, Batey Santana, Los Conuquitos, San Ramon and Barranca. Barranca in turn contains both Vuelta Grande and Honduras. Uvilla also contains Jobo section.
According to a 2002 population census, the municipality has about 9895 inhabitants, of whom 6609 live in urban areas and 3286 in the rural areas.
History
The land was first populated during the 18th century. The territory was unspoiled, whose flora and fauna caused the admiration of the first settlers who arrived from Cambronal. The newcomers started their Bohíos and began raising livestock in an enclosure which called Hatice (small pigsty of calves). This began Hatice (today Tamayo). Its first settlers were enterprising, but few of them could read and write.
The first families were: Manuel Medina and Menecita Reyes, Juan Rodriguez and Remedy Salome Mateo, Simon Altagracia Medina and Reyes Brito and Pedro Brito.
Many of these families come from the existing inhabitants of the place. They soon built the first canal to irrigate land (Hatice), the Palmar, The Figs, UC and Monserrate.
In 1908, with the arrival of a large cyclone, the river Yaque del Sur rose and flooded the land of Hatice, destroying this town. It was the largest flood that was covered in the news. The animals were drowned up above the trees, and four goats that were saved were used to feed children until they reached San Juan de la Maguana and El Cercado with food to help the victims.
The houses were traditional Hatice Tejamaní. The first wooden house built by the general Joaquin Campos and the second house was Mrs. Maria Antonia Gomez. They also built the first school, which the teacher was Maria Antonia Gomez, the first teacher of the town. The Lyceum of the town today bears theirs name.
Trujillo Palmar Jam Duverger attached the town to the province of Baoruco on March 10, 1943. Since the place formerly known as Hatrice was renamed Tamayo in memory of an Indian.
The first president of the council was Michael Humberto, the first syndic was Fabian Matos, who built the City Park.
Economic activities
Tamayo is one of the areas where banana farming has the highest production. It produces the largest quantity of bananas (called barahoneros) because in the administrative division of the agricultural sector, the town belongs to the agricultural region of Barahona.
Like the municipality of Vicente Noble, the economics of Tamayo have been boosted in recent months.
In 2007, the City Council received on a monthly basis by ordering the transfer of the General Budget, through the Dominican Municipal League. Each District Board in turn receives $500000.00 (Five Hundred Thousand Pesos) for the same transfer.
Education
The municipality operates 17 elementary schools, most with two rounds (morning and afternoon), a high school and a secondary school.
Health care
The municipality operates seven rural clinics and a city hospital, which make up the physical infrastructure in health care available to Tamayo. Like other municipalities in the province of Barahona, cases that require specialized medical care are sent to the Jaime Mota regional hospital.
Culture and Religion
San Antonio is the patron saint of the townspeople, who celebrate their festival on the June 13.
References
Populated places in Baoruco Province
Municipalities of the Dominican Republic
Neopotamia atrigrapta is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream sprinkled with pale brownish grey and suffused with pale ferruginous in the costal and terminal areas. The hindwings are pale brownish.
Etymology
The name refers to the black colour of the costal marking and cilia and is derived from Latin ater (meaning black) and Greek grapta (meaning painted).
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Women's Slalom World Cup 2002/2003
Final point standings
In Women's Slalom World Cup 2002/03 all results count. Race No. 11 at Sestriere was a K.O.-Slalom.
Note:
In the last race only the best racers were allowed to compete and only the best 15 finishers were awarded with points.
References
fis-ski.com
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup slalom women's discipline titles
Tulsi: Mathrudevobhava is a 2008 Indian Hindi drama film. The film is directed by K. Ajay Kumar and stars Manisha Koirala and Irrfan Khan. The film is a remake of 1993 Malayalam movie Akashadoothu which was also earlier remade in Telugu as Mathru Devo Bhava, in Kannada as Karulina Koogu and in Marathi as Chimani Pakhare though the original movie they were all remake of was 1983 American movie Who Will Love My Children?.
Plot
The titular character Tulsi (Manisha Koirala) is married to Suraj (Irrfan Khan), a drunkard, and their four kids. One evening, while Suraj is away, their friend (Yashpal Sharma) tries to molest Tulsi. When Suraj gets to know of it, they beat Yashpal black and blue. A furious Yashpal swears revenge. Meanwhile, Tulsi is diagnosed with blood cancer. Yashpal attacks Suraj and murders him. A distraught Tulsi decides to have their kids adopted by different families before they die.
Cast
Manisha Koirala .... Tulsi
Irrfan Khan .... Suraj
Sadashiv Amrapurkar .... Annoying Foster Father
Tinu Anand .... Foster Father with Crooked Teeth
Kulbhushan Kharbanda .... The Guru
Yashpal Sharma
Anjana Mumtaz ....
Sahila Chadha
Arzoo Govitrikar .... Dr.Anjali D'souza
Vikram
Soundtrack
"Aasmann Pe Rab Hoga" - Sonu Nigam
"Dena O Denewale (Nirbal Ko Bal)" - Shreya Ghoshal
"Chhoona Chhapaki" - Udit Narayan, Shreya Ghoshal
"Waqt Bewaqt Mausam Badalte" - Vinay-Tiwari
"Toote Gharonda Bikre Tinke" - Sonu Nigam
"Chale Re Kahaar Le Ke"
Reception
The film fared badly at the boxoffice. Media described the low publicity and zero pre-release hype as shocking as it was actor Manisha Koirala's comeback as the lead since Mumbai Xpress (2005).
References
External links
2008 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Indian drama films
Hindi remakes of Malayalam films
Indian films about cancer
2008 drama films
Hindi-language drama films
Brock is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Brock was established in 1850, and remained in operation until 1906. In addition to the post office, Brock had its own schoolhouse, church, and town hall.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The British Commonwealth Junior Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling championship that although being created in England, it gained its biggest notoriety in Japan. Not long after its creation the title made its way to Michinoku Pro Wrestling where it stayed until Jushin Thunder Liger took it to New Japan Pro-Wrestling and combined it with seven other Junior Heavyweight Belts to create the J-Crown. After the J-Crown was disbanded the title resurfaced in England for a short time. After a tour of England Tiger Mask took the title back to Japan, where it returned to Michinoku Pro then made its way to Toryumon, where it was last defended before becoming Inactive.
Title history
See also
Professional wrestling in the United Kingdom
References
External links
http://www.wrestling-titles.com/japan/michinoku/bc-j.html - History at wrestling-titles
http://www.titlehistories.com/British_Commonwealth_Junior_Heavyweight_Title.htm
Junior heavyweight wrestling championships
National professional wrestling championships
Professional wrestling in the United Kingdom
Development West Coast is a charitable trust that operates in the West Coast region of New Zealand.
Origin
Development West Coast (DWC) has its origins in the controversy over logging native trees by Timberlands West Coast Limited, a former state-owned enterprise based on the West Coast. In the late 1990s, Timberlands' actions were supported by then-prime minister Jenny Shipley and opposed by environmental groups, led by Native Forest Action. The controversy became an election issue in the 1999 general election, with the Labour Party committing itself to stop logging. Investigative journalist Nicky Hager published a book, Secrets and Lies, just prior to the election, alleging that Timberlands had hired a public relations firm, Shandwick (now Weber Shandwick), to run a smear campaign against Native Forest Action.
Labour won the 1999 election and stopped logging on the West Coast. The forests were transferred to the Department of Conservation and in recognition this and the privatisation of much West Coast infrastructure in the late 1990s the region was compensated with an endowment fund of NZ$92 million. Development West Coast was set up in 2001 as a trust to administer this fund.
Finances
In the 2015–2016 financial year, Development West Coast approved 20 loans worth a total of $14.4 million; in 2016–2017 it loaned $12.3 million to 18 businesses. It returned a profit of $5.3 million, after running a deficit in 2015. It had 11.5 staff positions and the Chief Executive was Chris Mackenzie, on a salary of $223,000.
In 2021, in its 20th year, DWC's fund had grown from $92 million to $146 million. In 2019 it approved 80% of loan applications received, distributing $2.2 million, and gave $1.9 million to community projects. In the year ending March 2021, it issued $6.7 million in loans, distributed $3.5 million to the community, and made a $14.2 million net profit. It had 20 full-time staff under Chief Executive Heath Milne.
Projects
DWC contributed $1.25 million in 2010 to the creation of the 85 km Old Ghost Road, New Zealand's longest back country cycle trail.
In 2015, DWC added a $5 million Business and Industry Stimulus Fund to provide loans to new or struggling West Coast businesses. One outcome of this was the establishment of EPIC Westport, a Westport technology centre and business incubator able to house 25 full-time workers and a dozen "hot-desk" users. EPIC Westport was a spin-off of the Enterprise Precinct Innovation Centre in Christchurch.
In 2016 Fox Glacier received $1 million for a new community centre and the RSA in Hokitika $400,000 for a new hall.
DWC has financially supported the revival of Reefton, funding the Reefton Shop Front Project to restore its Victorian-era streetscape, and contributing to the Reefton Powerhouse Trust, which aims to restore the original 1888 powerhouse on the Inangahua River that gave Reefton the first electric streetlighting in the southern hemisphere.
DWC is a shareholder in Te Ara Pounamu Ltd, which will spend $17.87 million developing new visitor centres in Westport, Greymouth, Hokitika, and Haast.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic in New Zealand and the loss of tourism revenue, DWC pledged $5 million to support businesses in Fox Glacier and Franz Josef. They approached Tourism Minister Stuart Nash for an additional $35 million in support, but Nash suggested DWC release 10 per cent of its fund instead, suggesting the "rainy day" it was set up for had arrived. DWC supported the creation of Now Open, an online directory of 180 local businesses that were operating under Level 3 restriction, and funded rebates for businesses switching to online delivery.
References
2001 establishments in New Zealand
Organisations based in New Zealand
West Coast, New Zealand
CNT may refer to:
Organized labor
Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT), the National Confederation of Labor, a Spanish confederation of anarcho-syndicalist labor unions
Central Nacional de Trabajadores (CNT), the National Workers' Central (Paraguay), a national trade union center in Paraguay
Confédération nationale du travail (CNT-F), the National Confederation of Labour, a French anarcho-syndicalist union
Confédération Nigérienne du Travail, the Nigerien Confederation of Labour, a trade union federation in Niger
Plenario Intersindical de Trabajadores - Convención Nacional de Trabajadores PIT-CNT, a national trade union center in Uruguay
Science and technology
Carbon nanotube, an allotrope of carbon with a cylindrical nanostructure
Classical nucleation theory
Computer Network Technology Corporation, an enterprise acquired by McData in January 2005; see Ultra Network Technologies
Columbia Non-neutral Torus, a small stellarator at the Columbia University Plasma Physics Laboratory in New York City
Television
Central Nacional de Televisão (CNT), or Central National Television, a Brazilian television network in Curitiba/Paraná, Brazil
CNT EP, the public telecommunications company in Ecuador
Conglomerated National Television, a fictional television network in HD Universe of Grand Theft Auto series.
Other uses
CN Telecommunications, the former telecommunications unit of Canadian National Railway
Confectionery, news and tobacco, a retail sector often served by small booths or newsagents
Cantiere Navale Triestino (CNT), an Austro-Hungarian, later Italian, shipbuilding company founded in 1908 and renamed Cantieri Riuniti dell' Adriatico (CRDA) Monfalcone in 1929
Commission for New Towns, a former planning and development agency in the UK.
Center for Neighborhood Technology, an American non-profit organization committed to sustainable development and livable urban communities
C*nt (Cunt), a swear word
Homegrown was a monthly drum and bass event held at Mercury Live, Cape Town. It featured several international and local acts, including Dieselboy, Pendulum, Counterstrike, Donny, Raiden, Eye-D, Matt Impact, Robyn Chaos, Temper D, Nymfo, SFR and Hyphen.
Owned and managed by Algorythm Recordings, the event took place every first Saturday of the month, and was the longest running drum and bass event in South Africa. The last Homegrown was held on 3 November 2012. It has subsequently spawned a successor event called 'Pressure', which occupies Homegrown's original venue and schedule, hosted by SFR, Hyphen and RudeOne.
History
The first Homegrown event was held in September 2000 at The Jam (now Mercury Live). The event was masterminded by Algorythm Recordings. The idea behind it is to get South African drum and bass crews Algorythm, Sublime and Krushed & Sorted under one roof, once a month, for the first time. The focus is promoting artists who produce drum and bass locally, hence the name "Homegrown".
In 2001, Mercury Live offered Homegrown a monthly residency, making it a permanent fixture in the South African drum and bass scene. With drum and bass music requiring well-engineered, large sound systems, Algorythm developed a long working relationship with Hellfire Sound.
Artist line-ups
Since its establishment in 2000, Homegrown has hosted a large range of artists, with headlining acts including Pendulum, Counterstrike, Dieselboy, Donny, Raiden, Eye-D, Matt Impact, Robyn Chaos, Temper D, MC Messinian and Nymfo.
The monthly event has also been a launching platform for South African drum and bass artists, with various acts such as SFR, RudeOne, MFU, Niskerone, MC Skywalker, Psyke and the Anti Alias performing multiple times. Resident DJs include Counterstrike and Hyphen.
Flyer
Printed on perforated paper, Homegrown flyers are commonly used as gerrick or filters in the preparation of cannabis smoking. Early flyer and logo designs depicted images of marijuana plants and leaves. This was later changed to appeal to a much wider audience, however the perforated flyer is still in use.
Recent Homegrown flyers have contained QR Codes, storing URL data to downloadable MP3 and desktop wallpapers. All flyers and event visuals are designed by Eaton Crous himself.
References
External links
Official Algorythm Website
Homegrown Facebook
Homegrown Flyer Archive Flickr
Drum and bass events
Recurring events established in 2000
Festivals in Cape Town
2000 establishments in South Africa
2012 disestablishments in South Africa
Electronic music festivals in South Africa
Mount Rodger () is a sharp peak, 1,410 m, at the northwest end of Collier Hills in the Heritage Range in Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–66 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Rodger A. Brown, meteorologist at Little America V Station in 1958.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
The European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) is one of the European Structural and Investment Funds which was set up for the financing of Rural Development Programme (RDP) actions by European Union Council Regulation (EC) No 1290/2005 of 21 June 2005 on the financing of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP).
Reasoning
Rural development is a vitally important policy area, affecting over 50% of the population of the EU and almost 90% of EU land. Farming and forestry remain central to rural economies, and rural development also focuses on revitalising rural areas in other ways. Furthermore, issues such as climate change, renewable energy, biodiversity and water management are becoming increasingly important aspects of the EU's rural development policy.
Budget
Over €200 billion in funding is available to support the implementation of 94 RDPs across the EU, for the programming period 2007–2013. Almost half of this money is provided by the EAFRD, overseen by the European Commission's Directorate General for Agriculture and Rural Development.
EAFRD budgets in the RDPs are used to achieve a variety of rural development goals, including improving the competitiveness of farm, forest and agri-food businesses; helping protect the natural environment; supporting rural economies; and assisting quality of life in rural areas.
See also
European Agricultural Guarantee Fund - EAGF
Special Accession Programme for Agriculture and Rural Development - SAPARD
Spanish Agricultural Guarantee Fund - FEGA
References
External links
Summaries of EU legislation > Agriculture > General framework > Financing the common agricultural policy
European Union and agriculture
Rural development in Europe
2005 establishments in the European Union
Atlantis Marine Park is an abandoned theme park built in 1981 in Two Rocks, a small fishing community north of Perth, the capital of Western Australia. The park was a major feature of Alan Bond's Yanchep Sun City plan. It closed in August 1990 due to a financial difficulty.
History
In the 1970s Bond purchased 20,000 acres of land in Yanchep with a plan to build a large resort and residential area. The Park was constructed in 1981 with the hope that Perth's rapid expansion would be accompanied by an equal growth in tourism. Six months before the park was opened, seven bottlenose dolphins were caught locally and trained as performance animals for the next ten years. The park was opened by the Premier of Western Australia the Hon. Ray O'Connor and the chairperson and president of the Tokyu Corporation Mr Noburu Gotoh. In their opening speech Mr Gotoh explained that Atlantis was the first element in an expansion plan to make the Yanchep Sun City a premier leisure recreation region.
In 1988, three female dolphin calves were born, which as a result of changes in regulations for holding marine mammals meant Atlantis would have to construct a larger dolphin enclosure. This, coupled with the park gradually losing money, was the reason for the owners closing Atlantis in August 1990.
Dolphins
Prior to the park's opening, seven bottlenose dolphins were caught from the local coastal population and were used as performance animals for the next ten years. At the time Atlantis closed in 1990, the park had nine dolphins, six wild born, and three captive born juveniles.
With the closure of the park, the owners Tokyu Corporation of Japan agreed to a proposal by Dr. Nick Gales, a marine park veterinarian and research scientist to fully fund the release of the animals to the wild, provided it would end their financial commitment to the dolphins. The project to release the animals into the wild began in March 1991; the rehabilitation program began in the park pools and eventually moved to a sea pen at the Two Rocks Marina in October 1991. The dolphins were fully released into the wild in January 1992.
The initial release encountered problems, with some of the dolphins losing a lot of weight. Three of them were recaptured and returned to the sea pen. The three recaptured dolphins were not re-released to the wild, but were relocated to Underwater World, now the Aquarium of Western Australia.
Current situation
Since its closure in 1990 the park has been abandoned and vandalised, though the site was featured in the CBBC programme All Over the Place – Australia in March 2014. The site is currently owned by property developers, the Fini Group. A plan has been put forward to the City of Wanneroo to develop the area into a mix of retail, commercial and entertainment land uses.
A large limestone sculpture of King Neptune by American sculptor Mark Le Buse that originally overlooked the park remains a major landmark in the suburb and is often factored in any future redevelopment plans. The sculpture, which had sat abandoned and fenced off since the park's closure in 1990, was heritage listed by the Western Australian Heritage Council in 2006, before being restored and the surrounding area reopened to the public in May 2015.
References
External links
1981 establishments in Australia
1990 disestablishments in Australia
Amusement parks in Western Australia
Defunct amusement parks in Australia
Modern ruins
The 529th Air Defense Group is a disbanded United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with the 25th Air Division at Paine Field, Washington. It was inactivated on 18 August 1955. The group was originally activated as a support unit for the 2d Bombardment Group at the end of World War II in Italy and then acted as a depot organization until inactivating in 1946.
The group was activated once again in 1953, when ADC established it as the headquarters for a dispersed fighter-interceptor squadron and the medical, maintenance, and administrative squadrons supporting it. It was replaced in 1955 when ADC transferred its mission, equipment, and personnel to the 326th Fighter Group in a project that replaced air defense groups commanding fighter squadrons with fighter groups with distinguished records during World War II.
History
World War II
The group was activated at Amendola Airfield, Italy as the 529th Air Service Group shortly after V-E Day as part of a reorganization of Army Air Forces (AAF) support groups in which the AAF replaced Service Groups that included personnel from other branches of the Army and supported two combat groups with Air Service Groups including only Air Corps units. The group was designed to support a single combat group. Its 955th Air Engineering Squadron provided maintenance that was beyond the capability of the combat group, its 779th Air Material Squadron handled all supply matters, and its Headquarters & Base Services Squadron provided other support. The 529th supported the 2d Bombardment Group (Bomb Gp). The group moved with the 2d Bomb Gp to Foggia, Italy where it added support responsibility for all military installations in the Foggia Airfield Complex. After the 2nd Bomb Gp returned to the United States, the group was apparently used as a depot unit until it was inactivated in 1946.
Cold War
The group was again activated later that year and moved to Dow Field, Maine, where it provided support for the 14th Fighter Group. The group was inactivated and replaced by 14th Airdrome Group, 14th Station Medical Group, and 14th Maintenance & Supply Group in the experimental Wing/Base reorganization of 1947, designed to unify control at air bases. The group was disbanded in 1948.
The group was reconstituted, redesignated as the 529th Air Defense Group and activated at Paine Field on 18 February 1953 with responsibility for air defense of the Northwestern United States. The 529th was assigned the 83d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (FIS), which was already stationed at Paine Field, flying Republic F-84 Thunderjets, as its operational component. The 83d FIS had been assigned directly to the 4704th Defense Wing. The group also replaced the 86th Air Base Squadron as USAF host organization at Paine Field. It was assigned three squadrons to perform its support responsibilities. It was also assigned the 17th Crash Rescue Boat Flight for water rescue duties.
By December 1953, the 83d FIS converted to radar equipped and Mighty Mouse rocket armed North American F-86D Sabres. When the 4704th Defense Wing was discontinued in 1954, the group was reassigned directly to the 25th Air Division. The group was inactivated and replaced by 326th Fighter Group (Air Defense) in 1955 as part of Air Defense Command's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. The group was disbanded again in 1984.
Lineage
Constituted as 529th Air Service Group ca. 16 December 1944
Activated on 18 May 1945
Inactivated on 15 September 1946
Activated ca. 1 October 1946
Inactivated on 15 August 1947
Disbanded on 8 October 1948
Reconstituted and redesignated 529th Air Defense Group on 21 January 1953
Activated on 16 February 1953
Inactivated on 18 August 1955
Disbanded on 27 September 1984
Assignments
XV Air Force Service Command, 18 May 1945
Air Service Command, Mediterranean Theater of Operations, 1945
Air Force General Depot, Naples 11 November 1945
IX Air Force Service Command, ca. July 1946 – 15 September 1946
Unknown ca. 1 October 1946 – 15 August 1947 (probably First Air Force)
4704th Defense Wing, 16 February 1953
25th Air Division 8 October 1954 – 18 August 1955
Stations
Amendola Airfield, Italy 18 May 1945
Foggia, Italy c. July 1945 – unknown
Mitchel Field, New York, c. 1 October 1946
Dow Field, Maine, ca. 20 November 1946 – 15 August 1947
Paine Field, Washington, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Components
Operational Squadron
83d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Support Units
529th Air Base Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
529th Material Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
529th Medical Squadron (later 529th USAF Infirmary), 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
779th Air Material Squadron, 18 May 1945 – 15 August 1947
955th Air Engineering Squadron, 18 May 1945 – 15 August 1947
17th Crash Rescue Boat Flight, ca. 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Aircraft
Republic F-84G Thunderjet, 1953
North American F-86D Sabre, 1953–1955
Commanders
Lt Col. James J. Groves, 18 May 1945 – unknown
Unknown 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
See also
Aerospace Defense Command Fighter Squadrons
List of F-86 Sabre units
References
Explanatory Note
Notes
Bibliography
Buss, Lydus H.(ed), Sturm, Thomas A., Volan, Denys, and McMullen, Richard F., History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955, Directorate of Historical Services, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, (1956)
Further reading
Grant, C.L., (1961) The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, USAF Historical Study No. 126
External links
0529
Aerospace Defense Command units
Military units and formations established in 1953
Military units and formations disestablished in 1984
The Apostolic Nunciature to Barbados is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Barbados. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Port of Spain, Trinidad.
List of papal representatives to Barbados
Apostolic Pro-Nuncios
Paul Fouad Naïm Tabet (9 February 1980 - 8 September 1984)
Manuel Monteiro de Castro (16 February 1985 - 21 August 1990)
Eugenio Sbarbaro (7 February 1991 - 26 April 2000)
Apostolic Nuncios
Emil Paul Tscherrig (20 January 2001- 22 May 2004)
Thomas Edward Gullickson (15 December 2004 – 21 May 2011)
Nicola Girasoli (21 December 2011 - 16 June 2017)
Fortunatus Nwachukwu (4 November 2017 – 17 December 2021)
See also
Apostolic Delegation to the Antilles
References
Barbados
Diplomatic missions in Barbados
The Comité International d'Histoire de l'Art (CIHA) is an international committee that endeavors to improve art historical research.
It was created in 1930 in order to develop the historical and methodological study of artistic activities and productions; to ensure permanent links between art historians of all countries; to improve methods of art historical teaching and research; and to increase the research resources available to art historians, i.e. data bases, bibliographies, photographic and iconographical documentation. It stimulates international meetings of art historians and co-ordinates the dissemination of information about research undertaken under the aegis of the committee. Its conferences, publications and research projects disseminate information and publicity about art historical activities world-wide.
The CIHA is currently directed by Professor LaoZhu from Peking University in China. Former director is Georg Ulrich Großmann, director of the Germanisches Nationalmuseum. Former members of the board included Millard Meiss, Herbert von Einem, Jan Gerrit Van Gelder, Mario Salmi, André Chastel, Jacques Thuillier, Jan Białostocki and many other well-known art historians.
Every four years, the Comité International d'Histoire de l'Art holds a major Congress. The thirty-fourth Congress in the History of Art, organized by CIHA members, took place in Beijing, China, in September 2016.
The National Committee for the History of Art (NCHA) is the U.S. affiliate of the Comité International d'Histoire de l'Art.
External links
Comité International d'Histoire de l'Art (homepage)
Thierry Dufrene, "A Short History of CIHA"
Art history
International learned societies
Arts organizations established in 1930
John Patrick Boyle Sr. (February 9, 1880 – March 3, 1968) was an American lawyer and politician.
Boyle was born in Glencoe, McLeod County, Minnesota. They went to parochial and public schools in St. Cloud, Minnesota and Melrose, Minnesota. Boyle went to Valparaiso University and then received their law degree from Indiana University Maurer School of Law. They lived in Eveleth, St. Louis County, Minnesota with their wife and family and practiced law. Boyle served as the Eveleth City Attorney and as the St. Louis County Assistant District Attorney. They also served in the Minnesota Senate from 1911 to 1914 and was a Republican. They moved to Douglas, Arizona in 1915 and then moved to Tucson, Arizona. Boyle died in Tucson, Arizona.
References
1880 births
1968 deaths
People from Eveleth, Minnesota
People from McLeod County, Minnesota
Valparaiso University alumni
Indiana University Maurer School of Law alumni
Minnesota lawyers
Minnesota Republicans
Minnesota state senators
The JXD S5100 is a 5-inch Android tablet and portable game console produced by JXD. It was released in 2012 and resembles Nintendo's Wii U GamePad. Unlike the previous Sony-style JXD models, the S5100 lacks shoulder buttons.
Features
In addition to its 5-inch, five-point capacitive touch screen, the S5100 features four face buttons, a start and a select button, home, back and menu buttons, an accelerometer, a 0.3 megapixel front camera, and a 0.2 megapixel back camera that can be used to capture photos. On the bottom of the unit is an MicroSD card slot. On the top is a 5-volt AC jack, a Mini USB port, a Mini HDMI port, and a headphone jack.
It ships with 4GB internal storage space and supports up to 32GB expandable storage via-the MicroSD card slot on the bottom.
Revisions
About a month or two after the S5100 was released, JXD released the S603, a 4.3-inch version of the S5100 that runs Android 2.3 Gingerbread with a GP33003 CPU and 512MB RAM DDR3. In fall 2012, JXD also announced the S5600, which was to be an S5100 with Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, a five-point capacitive touch screen, two analog circle pads, four shoulder buttons, a dual-core processor, and 1GB RAM DDR3. It was planned to be released alongside the popular S7300 model, but it was later replaced by the S5110b, which instead uses the earlier S5110's shell.
See also
JXD
Android (operating system)
Dingoo A320
GCW Zero
Nintendo 3DS
Xperia Play
References
External links
Official Website (S603)
Tablet computers introduced in 2012
2010s toys
Handheld game consoles
Tablet computers
Android (operating system) devices
Android-based video game consoles
Portable media players
ARM-based video game consoles
The first Legislative Assembly of Madras state was constituted in May 1952. This was following the first election held in Madras state after the Indian Independence.
Overview
Under the New Constitution of India, The Legislature consists of the Governor and two Houses known as the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly. The Madras Legislative Assembly consisted of 375 seats to be filled by election, distributed in 309 constituencies, 243 single-members constituencies, 62 double-member constituencies in each of which a seat had been reserved for Scheduled Castes and four two-member constituencies in each of which a seat had been reserved for Scheduled Tribes. Three seats were uncontested.
In 1953, after the formation of Andhra State which consisting of the Telugu-speaking areas and Bellary district was also merged with the Mysore State which consisting of Kannada speaking area. The Members of the Madras Legislative Assembly was reduced to 231. Consequent on the States Reorganisation Act, the number of members of the Assembly was again reduced to 190.
In the 1952 Madras State legislative assembly election, no single party obtained a simple majority to form an independent Government. C. Rajagopalachari (Rajaji) of the Indian National Congress became the Chief Minister after a series of re-alignments among various political parties and Independents. Rajaji was resigned in 1954 after the heavy opposition to their Hereditary education policy. In the ensuing leadership struggle, Kamaraj defeated Rajaji's chosen successor C. Subramaniam and became the Chief Minister on 31 March 1954.
Cabinet
Rajagopalachari's Cabinet
The Cabinet under Rajagopalachari was sworn in on 10 April 1952.
Changes
Ministers belonging to Bellary and Andhra constituencies (Naganna Gowda, Sankara Reddi, Pattabirama Rao, Sanjeevayya and Ranga Reddi) stepped down on 30 September 1953, a day before Andhra State split to form a separate state. The portfolios of Agriculture, Forests, Fisheries, Cinchona, Rural Welfare, Community Projects and National Extension Schemes were handed over to M. Bhaktavatsalam on 9 October 1953. Jothi Venkatachalam was made minister for Prohibition and Women's Welfare. K. Rajaram Naidu became the Minister for Local Administration. C. Subramaniam was given the additional portfolios of education, information and publicity. V. C. Palaniswamy Gounder was put in charge of Veterinary, Animal Husbandry and Harijan welfare.
Kamaraj's Cabinet
Members of cabinet who served between 13 April 1954 - 13 April 1957 under the Chief Ministership of Kamraj are:
Changes
Following the States Reorganisation Act of 1956, A. B. Shetty quit the Ministry on 1 March 1956 and their portfolio was shared between other ministers in the cabinet.
See also
1951 Madras Legislative Assembly election
Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly
References
Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly
The Town of Sanderson is not a town as such, but an area of land within the Municipality of Darwin and contains a number of suburbs Anula, Wulagi, Karama and Malak.
Present day
The Town of Sanderson was proclaimed in 1972 for the area to the east of Lee Point Road in Darwin's northern suburbs.
History
The Hundred of Sanderson was proclaimed in 1879 for the area of Lee Point and Shoal Bay near Port Darwin and is believed to be named after Frederick James Sanderson, SM JP who entered the public service as a clerk in July 1854, aged 20. In 1862, Sanderson was appointed Secretary to the Land Titles Commissioner and Secretary to the Attorney-General in December 1870. They were the first Commissioner of Patents and in 1878 was appointed as Collector of Customs and Chief Inspector of Distilleries in 1879. In 1888, they were appointed President of the Marine Board as well as Collector of Customs. They died in 1903, aged 69 years.
In 1963, the Governor-general was asked to revoke the Hundred of Sanderson and to include the area in the Hundred of Bagot. The then Minister for Territories requested that Sanderson's name be preserved in some way.
References
External links
Suburbs of Darwin, Northern Territory
History of the Northern Territory
1972 establishments in Australia
Thierry De Cordier (born 1954 in Ronse, Belgium) is a contemporary visual artist. They currently live and works in the Alpujarras, Spain.
Their art consists of drawings, paintings, sculptures, installations and poetry/philosophy, and their work is held in numerous museum collections, including S.M.A.K.
Their works may be seen in the Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst, the Centre Georges Pompidou and the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.
One-person exhibitions
Iconotextures, Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium, Brussels, Belgium (2016)
Landschappen, BOZAR, Brussels, Belgium (2012)
Xavier Hufkens, Brussels, Belgium (2009, 2011)
Marian Goodman Gallery, Paris, France (2007)
Inauguration of De Kapel van het Niets, Sint-Norbertuscentrum, Duffel, Belgium (2007)
Works from the "Female Drawings" Group. Part I, Marian Goodman Gallery, New York, NY, USA (2006)
Drawings, Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris, France (2004)
Black Paintings, Marian Goodman Gallery, Paris, France (2003)
Drawings, SMAK, Ghent, Belgium (1999)
Belgian Pavilion at the Venice Biennale, Venice, Italy (1997)
Drawings, Museum Kröller-Müller, Otterlo, the Netherlands (1997)
Je suis le Monde, Zerynthia, Rome, Italy (1996)
Xavier Hufkens, Brussels, Belgium (1995)
Galerie des Beaux-Arts, Brussels, Belgium (1991)
Galerie des Beaux-Arts, Brussels, Belgium (1989)
Galleria Grazia Terrible, Milano, Italy (1988)
Galerie Joost Declercq, Ghent, Belgium (1987)
De Lege Ruimte, Bruges, Belgium (1987)
References
Thierry De Cordier at Artcyclopedia.com
Example of De Cordier's two-dimensional work
Article from Artforum
Articles about De Cordier
Further reading
Articles
External links
Official Home Page
Thierry De Cordier at Venice Biennale, The Encyclopedic Palace
Thierry De Cordier at Xavier Hufkens, Brussels
Thierry De Cordier at Xavier Hufkens, 2011, Brussels
Thierry De Cordier at De Pont, Tilburg
Thierry De Cordier: Four Greeneries
Living people
Belgian contemporary artists
Belgian painters
Belgian sculptors
1954 births
The Löbenicht Town Hall () was the town hall of Löbenicht, first an independent town and later a quarter of Königsberg, Germany. In the 19th century it was used for newspaper printing.
The town hall was located at the intersection of Löbenichtsche Langgasse and Münchengasse. It is unknown when it was originally built, but construction on the Gothic building was documented in 1592. After the merger of Löbenicht, Altstadt, and Kneiphof into Königsberg in 1724 and the selection of Kneiphof Town Hall as the new city hall, Löbenicht's town hall was used by the city treasury.
The building had to be reconstructed after a conflagration on 11 November 1764. It was used subsequently rented by the brewery guilds and the bookseller Johann Jacob Kanter, who allowed Immanuel Kant to live in the mansard attic in 1769. It was purchased by the printer Gottlieb Leberecht Hartung in 1788, who used it to publish their newspaper, later known as the Königsberger Hartungsche Zeitung, the following year. The building was damaged again by fire in 1876. The Hartungsche Zeitung and the Königsberger Tageblatt were published in the former town hall until 1906, when it was damaged by fire and the printers moved to Münchenhofplatz between Löbenicht and Altstadt.
The building was destroyed by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and 1945 Battle of Königsberg.
See also
Altstadt Town Hall
Kneiphof Town Hall
Stadthaus
References
1592 establishments in Europe
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
City and town halls in Germany
Former buildings and structures in Königsberg
Gothic architecture in Germany
The following is a list of important cricket related events which occurred in the year 2010.
News
January
5 January – During the third Test between South Africa and England, television replays showed Stuart Broad and fellow pace-bowler James Anderson trying to tamper with the ball, causing South Africa to raise concerns about the condition of the ball. Later, the South African team announced that they were not making an official complaint hence the matter was closed officially.
6 January – Australia defeated Pakistan in the 3rd Test match at Bellerive Oval winning the 3-test match series 3–0.
13 January – Sri Lanka defeated India by 4 wickets in the final of the tri-series also involving Bangladesh.
17 January – India's Sachin Tendulkar became the first batsman to complete 13,000 runs in Test cricket, during the opening match against Bangladesh.
17 January – South Africa defeated England by an innings and 74 runs in the 4th Test to draw the 4-match series 1–1.
19 January – Controversy erupted after the Indian Premier League auction, when none of the franchises put forward a bid for any the eleven Pakistan players who were part of the auction list. The Pakistan Cricket Board later revoked the 'no objection certificate' given to its players to participate in IPL.
23 January – Victoria defeated South Australia by 48 runs to win the KFC Twenty20 Big Bash tournament for the 4th time.
30 January – Australia defeated Pakistan by 25 runs in the final of the Under19 World Cup, thus becoming the first team to win the tournament thrice.
31 January – Pakistan stand-in Captain Shahid Afridi, involved in an alleged ball tampering incident, when they were seen biting the cricket ball on television cameras. Later, they were called by the match referee and subsequently banned from two Twenty20 internationals.
February
3 February – Bangladesh bowled out for 78, the second lowest score in Twenty20 Internationals by a full member of the ICC.
5 February – Australia completed the white wash of Pakistan by winning the only Twenty20 International, after defeating them in the ODI series by 5–0.
5 February – Australian fast bowler Shaun Tait bowled the quickest ball ever recorded in Australia (160.7 km/h), the third fastest in World cricket after Shoaib Akhtar and Shane Bond.
7 February – South African batsman Hashim Amla accomplished the highest Test score (253*) by a South African in India.
13 February – Afghanistan qualified in the ICC World Twenty20 for the first time by winning the ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier.
14 February – Alviro Petersen made the third highest score (100) by a South African cricketer on Test debut.
15 February – Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag involved in the highest 3rd wicket partnership (249) at the Eden Gardens.
16 February – Martin Guptill and Brendon McCullum scored the highest sixth-wicket partnership (339) for New Zealand, missing out on the world record by 12 runs.
16 February – Brendon McCullum made the highest score (185) by a New Zealand wicket-keeper in Test cricket.
16 February – VVS Laxman completed 1000 Test runs at Eden Gardens.
19 February – South African batsman Hashim Amla scored 494 runs in the 2-test match series against India, having been dismissed only once, retaining an average of 494, the second highest batting average ever in a Test series, after Wally Hammond.
19 February – India drew the two test match series against South Africa 1–1, by winning the second test match.
21 February – South African cricketer Jacques Kallis became the only cricketer in the history of the game to hold more than 10,000 runs and 250 wickets in both one day Internationals and Test cricket.
23 February – Australia completed an unbeaten summer, defeating the touring Pakistan and West Indies teams. Since the introduction of ODIs in the 1970s, this was only the second summer after 2000–01, when they did not lose a single match.
24 February – India's Sachin Tendulkar became the first cricketer in the history of One Day International cricket to score a double century. They achieved these feet in the second ODI against South Africa. Their score of 200* was also the highest ever individual score in an ODI innings beating the previous highest (194) jointly held by Zimbabwe's Charles Coventry and Pakistan's Saeed Anwar. Their innings also included a record 25 fours, the highest ever hit in a single ODI innings.
28 February – New Zealand's Brendon McCullum became the second-highest scorer in a Twenty20 international when they scored an unbeaten 116 against Australia in the 2nd Twenty20 at Christchurch.
28 February – Australia and New Zealand blasted the highest Twenty20 match aggregate [428–10 (40 overs)], in the 2nd match at Christchurch.
28 February – West Indian bowlers Darren Sammy and Sulieman Benn took figures of 4 for 6 and 5 for 26 respectively in the only Twenty20 match against Zimbabwe. These are the third and fourth best bowling figures in a Twenty20 to date.
March
3 March – Former fast bowler Waqar Younis appointed as the new coach of the Pakistani cricket team.
10 March – The Pakistan Cricket Board bans former skippers, Mohammad Yousuf and Younis Khan for indefinite periods, while Shoaib Malik and Rana Naved-ul-Hasan receive one year bans, following an inquiry into the team's poor performances on the tour of Australia.
13 March – Indian cricketer, Yusuf Pathan scores a 100 off 37 balls in an Indian Premier League match. The innings also included a record eleven consecutive hits to the fence.
23 March – Shahid Afridi was appointed as the captain of the Pakistani cricket team for the 2010 ICC World Twenty20.
24 March – England completed a whitewash of Bangladesh in both the Test and ODI series.
29 March – Pakistani cricketer, Shoaib Malik announced their wedding plans to Indian tennis player, Sania Mirza.
April
25 April – Chennai Super Kings won the third season of the Indian Premier League.
Deaths
1 January – John Lyon, (Lancashire), 1973–79
22 January – Betty Wilson, (Australia women cricket team), 1948–58
15 February – Audrey Collins, (England women cricket team), 1937
See also
International cricket in 2009-10
International cricket in 2010
2007 in cricket
2006 in cricket
2005 in cricket
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Hillsborough County, Florida.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Hillsborough County, Florida. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 100 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 3 National Historic Landmarks, all three of which are in Tampa. 22 of these properties and districts are listed here, while the others are listed separately in National Register of Historic Places listings in Tampa, Florida.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Florida
National Register of Historic Places listings in Florida
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tampa, Florida
List of Mediterranean Revival Style Buildings of Davis Islands
References
Hillsborough County
Robert Snyder (January 16, 1916 – March 21, 2004) was a documentary filmmaker who won an Academy Award in 1950 as producer of The Titan: Story of Michelangelo.
Biography
Robert Snyder was born in Brooklyn, New York, on January 16, 1916. They married Allegra Fuller, the daughter of Buckminster Fuller, professor emeritus and former chairperson of the dance department at University of California at Los Angeles. They had a son Jaime and a daughter Alexandra.
Snyder won the Academy Award for Best Feature-Length Documentary for The Titan: Story of Michelangelo. It was a German/Swiss film titled Michelangelo: Life of a Titan, first released in 1938 directed by Curt Oertel. Snyder re-edited and shortened the film, adding narration by Fredric March.
Snyder was nominated for a second Academy Award in 1958 for a documentary on insects, The Hidden World, narrated by Gregory Peck. Snyder produced or directed more than a half-dozen biographical documentaries about individuals, including their own father-in-law, futurist Buckminster Fuller. Other subjects included American patron of the arts, poet, publisher, and peace activist Caresse Crosby, author Henry Miller, historians Will and Ariel Durant, Claudio Arrau and cellist Pablo Casals.
Their 12-part series, Looking at Modern Art, and Michelangelo: Self-Portrait both appeared on the U.S. Public Broadcasting Service. They died after a lengthy illness in Pacific Palisades, California on March 21, 2004.
Archive
The Academy Film Archive houses the Masters & Masterworks Collection, named after Snyder's production company.
Works
As Director
Willem de Kooning: Artist (short) 1995
Michelangelo: A Self Portrait (documentary) 1989
Claudio Arrau: A Life in Music (documentary) 1978
Ruth Asawa: Of Forms & Growth (documentary short) 1978
Anais Nin Observed (documentary) 1974
The World of Buckminster Fuller (documentary) 1974
NBC Experiment in Television (TV series documentary) Episode, Buckminster Fuller on Spaceship Earth (1971)
The Henry Miller Odyssey (documentary) 1969
A Glimpse of De Kooning (documentary) 1961
A Visit with Pablo Casals 1957
Halfway to Hell (documentary) 1954
As producer
Willem de Kooning: Artist (short) (producer) 1995
The Henry Miller Odyssey (documentary) (producer) 1969
Bayanihan (documentary) (producer) 1962
The Hidden World (documentary) (producer) 1958
The Titan: Story of Michelangelo (documentary) (producer) 1950
As actor
Code Name: Heraclitus (TV movie) as MacPherson 1967
The Twilight Zone (TV series) as electrician Episode, "One More Pallbearer" (1962) ... Electrician (uncredited) 1961
Outlaws (TV series) as Bundy 1961
Crew
Gods of Bali (documentary) (supervisor - 1952 version)
Bibliography
This Is Henry, Henry Miller From Brooklyn (non-fiction book) 1974
Anais Nin Observed: Portrait of the Woman as an Artist (non-fiction book) 1976
Buckminster Fuller: An Autobiographical Monologue Scenario (biography) 1976
Awards
Academy Awards
References
Added information
Snyder's website
1916 births
2004 deaths
American film directors
Wowhead is a website that provides a searchable database, internet forum, guides and player character services for the popular massively multiplayer online role-playing game World of Warcraft. It is owned by .I. Fanbyte (formerly known as ZAM Network), a subsidiary of the Chinese company Tencent.
History
The site first started out as a talent calculator for the game. It was in beta from April 4 to June 25, 2006, and the database was released on June 26, 2006. Wowhead functions as a user generated database relying upon players of World of Warcraft themselves, although the information is uploaded automatically through a client-side program.
Client software is available for both the Microsoft Windows and Macintosh platforms. Users can manually add comments to database items or discuss the items themselves in a moderated forum. Comments placed on database items are moderated by the community themselves, with members having the option to "down-rank" outdated and unuseful posts to the point where they are purged, and "up-rank" posts of significance so that they are highlighted. The database is automatically cross-referenced by the software between items, non-player characters and zones or dungeons.
Wowhead garnered some attention when it was purchased by Fanbyte (formerly known as ZAM Network), a subsidiary of Affinity Media which formerly owned real-money trading firm IGE. Fanbyte also owns other gaming and World of Warcraft information sites such as Thottbot and Allakhazam.
On July 22, 2009, Wowhead announced that it would be offering its members access to premium service for a recurring subscription in order to help support the website. The premium service offers enhanced usage of the website, removes ads, grants a wider range of forum privileges, and allows paying members to skip to the front of the process queue for World of Warcraft player character information requests.
In early 2019, it was announced that a new version of the site would be launched alongside the original, exclusively covering data for World of Warcraft Classic and, later, its Burning Crusade expansion.
At the beginning of March 2022, Fanbyte blocked seven countries (China, Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand, Turkey, Serbia and India) from accessing their websites, including Wowhead. Community Manager Sas148 released the following statement via the Wowhead Feedback section of their Discord server:
"This decision is ultimately due to legal compliance and liability issues with respect to these countries and their laws/regulations. This action was not based on any specific law or regulation in any one or more of the listed countries. Our decision was due to the legal costs involved with reviewing the laws and regulations of the listed countries, in contrast with the amount of visitors/revenue earned from them. As a result of this analysis, we decided not to pursue a legal review and to mitigate our liability in these countries, we opted to block access entirely. This is an indefinite decision. I and the rest of the Wowhead staff genuinely apologize for the inconvenience this will cause you. It was a tough decision but one that we ultimately had to accept. Note: This has nothing at all to do with Russia/Ukraine or any other political/military engagements around the world."
References
External links
World of Warcraft
Online game databases
Internet properties established in 2006
Video game fansites
The women's 3000 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 21 and 22 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 August
Heats
21 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 19 athletes from 14 countries participated in the event.
References
3000 metres
Long distance running at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Holle is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 15 km southeast of Hildesheim, and 15 km west of Salzgitter. It was mentioned in Tom Clancy's bestseller Red Storm Rising.
References
External links
Hildesheim (district)
Runcinia grammica (sometimes also referred to as Runcinia lateralis) is a species of spiders of the genus Runcinia, with a distribution of "Europa, Near East to Iran, Russia, Central Asia, China, Japan. Introduced to St. Helena, South Africa."
The species generally lives in peat bogs, fens, and meadows, although it has also been known to inhabit urban areas They usually mature to adulthood in the summer. They have short, broad bodies, which are covered in hair and spines. They have clear muscular corrugation on their sides, and, on small raised bumps on their heads, eight small eyes. Males are usually 2.5–3.5mm in length, females 4-6mm. They are predators, and eat various species of insects.
Unlike many spiders, they do not spin a web of any kind. Instead, they prowl on the ground, as well as climbing plants and flowers, to find their prey. They can move forwards, backwards, and sideways.
Runcina grammica has reportedly been sighted in various areas of Southeastern Spain and Southwestern Portugal. They are also known to inhabit Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Caucasus, Italy, India, South Africa, St. Helena, Turkey, France, and in the Carpathian Basin. They are among the most common species of spiders in Portugal. They are one of the many species preserved at the Mountain Zebra National Park, in South Africa.
References
Thomisidae
Spiders described in 1837
Spiders of Europe
Spiders of Asia
José-Filipe Lima (born Philippe Lima; November 26, 1981) is a Portuguese professional golfer. They won the 2004 Aa St Omer Open to gain a place on the European Tour. Their best seasons were from 2005 to 2007 when they finished in the top-100 on the European Tour Order of Merit. Successful Challenge Tour seasons in 2009, 2013 and 2016 have promoted them back to the European Tour but, on each occasion they have failed to retain their place on the tour. They were runner-up in the 2007 BMW International Open.
Early life
Lima has Portuguese parents but was born in Versailles, France and grew up mainly in France. Their father worked at Saint-Nom-La-Bretèche, which was the host course of the Trophée Lancôme until that tournament ceased in 2003, and was their son's first coach. Lima was the top ranked French amateur at the end of 2001 and turned professional the following year.
Their parents come from the Póvoa de Varzim parish of Aguçadoura.
Up until the end of 2004 Lima represented France (as Philippe Lima) but they then adopted their parents' nationality, began to use the Portuguese form of their name professionally, and represented Portugal in that year's WGC-World Cup.
Professional career
In 2003 Lima was the fourth ranked player on the third-level Alps Tour, which qualified them to move up to the main developmental tour in Europe, the Challenge Tour, for the 2004 season. In back to back weeks in June 2004 they won the Challenge Tour's Segura Viudas Challenge de España and the Challenge Tour/European Tour co-sanctioned Aa St Omer Open, which won them promotion to the European Tour.
After their win in the Aa St Omer Open, Lima played on the European Tour until the end of the 2008 season, their best finish being joint runner-up in the 2007 BMW International Open. After a disappointing 2008 they lost their tour card and in 2009 played mostly Challenge Tour events. They won the ECCO Tour Championship and was runner-up in the Saint-Omer Open and the Allianz Open du Grand Toulouse to finish second in the Order of Merit and a return to the European Tour. 2010 was another poor season with no top-10 finishes.
Lima returned to the Challenge Tour where they played in 2011, 2012 and 2013. They did not win any tournaments in 2013 but with three runner-up finishes, in the Mugello Tuscany Open, the Finnish Challenge and the Dubai Festival City Challenge Tour Grand Final, as well as two third-places and a fourth-place, they again finished second in the Order of Merit. Their 2014 European Tour season was no more successful than 2010 and they again returned to the Challenge Tour.
After an unsuccessful 2015 on the Challenge Tour, Lima won the 2016 Najeti Open and was runner-up in the Ras Al Khaimah Golf Challenge to finish 12th in the Order or Merit and gain promotion to the European Tour for the fourth time. However they again failed to find any success on the main tour in 2017 and returned again to the Challenge Tour for 2018. They were runner-up in the 2018 Open de Portugal and finished the season 26th in the Order of Merit. After a poor start to 2019, Lima was joint runner-up in the Euram Bank Open behind Calum Hill in July and won the Vierumäki Finnish Challenge two weeks later.
Amateur wins
2000 French International Stroke Play Championship
Professional wins (8)
European Tour wins (1)
1Dual-ranking event with the Challenge Tour
Challenge Tour wins (5)
*Note: The 2009 ECCO Tour Championship was shortened to 54 holes due to weather.
1Dual-ranking event with the European Tour
Challenge Tour playoff record (1–0)
Alps Tour wins (2)
Other wins (1)
2001 Mediterranean Games (as an amateur)
Results in major championships
Note: Lima never played in the Masters Tournament or the PGA Championship.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Team appearances
Amateur
European Amateur Team Championship (representing France): 2001
St Andrews Trophy (representing the Continent of Europe): 2002
Professional
World Cup (representing Portugal): 2005, 2013, 2016
European Championships (representing Portugal): 2018
See also
2009 Challenge Tour graduates
2013 Challenge Tour graduates
2016 Challenge Tour graduates
List of golfers with most Challenge Tour wins
External links
French male golfers
Portuguese male golfers
European Tour golfers
Olympic golfers of Portugal
Golfers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games medalists in golf
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for France
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Sportspeople from Versailles, Yvelines
Sportspeople from Saint-Germain-en-Laye
French people of Portuguese descent
1981 births
Living people
Twelfth century European fashion was simple and differed only in details from the clothing of the preceding centuries. Men wore knee-length tunics for most activities, and men of the upper classes wore long tunics, with hose and
mantle or cloaks. Women wore long tunics or dresses. A close fit to the body, full skirts, and long flaring sleeves were characteristic of upper-class fashion for both men and women.
General trends
Overview
As in the previous centuries, two styles of dress existed side-by-side for men: a short (knee-length) costume deriving from a melding of the everyday dress of the later Roman Empire and the short tunics worn by the invading barbarians, and a long (ankle-length) costume descended from the clothing of the Roman upper classes and influenced by Byzantine dress.
Fabrics and furs
Wool remained the primary fabric for clothing of all classes, while linen undergarments, which were more comfortable against the skin and could be washed and then bleached in the sun, were increasingly worn. Silk, although extremely expensive, was readily available to wealthy people of consequence. Silks from Byzantium were traded in Pavia by way of Venice, and silks from Andalusia reached France via Spain. In the last decade of the previous century, the Norman conquest of Sicily and the First Crusade had opened additional routes for Eastern fabrics and style influences into Europe.
Fur was worn as an inside lining for warmth. Vair, the fur of the squirrel, was particularly popular and can be seen in many illuminated manuscript illustrations, where it is shown as a white and blue-grey softly striped or checkered pattern lining the mantles of the wealthy.
The bliaut
A new French fashion for both men and women was the bliaut or bliaud, a long outer tunic with full skirts from the hip and sleeves that fitted tightly to the elbow and then flared into a trumpet shape. Early bliauts were moderately fitted and bloused slightly over the belt at the waist. Later the bliaut was fitted tightly to the body from shoulder to hip, and the belt, or girdle was wrapped twice around the waist and knotted in front of the abdomen.
Men's clothing
Shirt, braies, and chausses
Underclothes consisted of an inner tunic (French chainse) or shirt with long, tight sleeves, and drawers or braies, usually of linen. Tailored cloth leggings called chausses or hose, made as separate garments for each leg, were often worn with the tunic; striped hose were popular.
During this period, beginning with the middle and upper classes, hose became longer and more fitting, and they reached above the knees. Previously, they were looser and worn with drawers that ranged from knee- to ankle-length. The new type of hose were worn with drawers that reached the knees or above, and they were wide enough at the top to allow the drawers to be tucked into them. They were held up in place by being attached to the girdle of the drawers.
The better fit and girdle attachment of these new hose eliminated the need for the leg bands often worn with earlier hose. In England, however, leg bands continued to be worn by some people, both rich and poor, right up to the reign of Richard I. After 1200, they were largely abandoned.
Outer tunics and doublets
Over the undertunic and hose, men wore an outer tunic that reached to the knees or ankles, and that was fastened at the waist with a belt. Fitted bliauts, of wool or, increasingly, silk, had sleeves that were cut wide at the wrist and gored skirts. Men wore bliauts open to the waist front and back or at the side seams.
Newly fashionable were short, fitted garments for the upper body, worn under the tunic: the doublet, made of two layers of linen, and an early form of quilted and padded jupe or gipon.
The sleeveless surcoat or cyclas was introduced during this period as protective covering for armour (especially against the sun) during the Crusades. By the next century, it would become widely adopted as civilian dress.
Rectangular and circular cloaks were worn over the tunic. These fastened on the right shoulder or at the center front.
Headgear
Men of the upper classes often went hatless. The chaperon in the form of hood and attached shoulder-length cape was worn during this period, especially by the rural lower classes, and the fitted linen coif tied under the chin appeared very late in the century. Small round or slightly conical caps with rolled brims were worn, and straw hats were worn for outdoor work in summer.
Style gallery
Illustration of the Anti-christ shows long and short tunics and hose or leggings. The king wears a red mantle lined in vair (squirrel fur) fastened on one shoulder, c. 1180.
Richard the Lionheart is portrayed in a long tunic with tight sleeves and a mantle, late 12th century.
Man feasting wears a cap with a rolled brim and a tunic with wide turned-back cuffs, England, c. 1170.
Monument of Geoffrey of Anjou (d. 1151) depicts them in a calf-length overtunic and long undertunic, with a blue mantle lined in vair. They wear a cap with their coat of arms.
Women's clothing
Chemise and tunic
Women's clothing consisted of an undertunic called a chemise, chainse or smock, usually of linen, over which was worn one or more ankle-to-floor length tunics (also called dresses or kirtles).
Working-class women wore their tunics ankle-length and belted at the waist.
Women of the French court wore a loosely fitted tunic called a cotte or the form-fitting bliaut over a full chemise with tight sleeves. The bliaut had a flaring skirt and sleeves tight to the elbow and then widening to wrist in a trumpet shape. A bliaut apparently cut in one piece from neckline to hem depicted on a column figure of a woman at the Cathedral of St. Maurice at Angers has visible side-lacing and is belted at the natural waistline. A new fashion, the bliaut gironé, arose in mid-century: this dress is cut in two pieces, a fitted upper portion with a finely pleated skirt attached to a low waistband.
The fitted bliaut was sometimes worn with a long belt or cincture (in French, ceinture) that looped around a slightly raised waist and was knotted over the abdomen; the cincture could have decorative tassels or metal tags at the ends.
In England, the fashionable dress was wide at the wrist but without the trumpet-shaped flare from the elbow seen in France.
Hairstyles and headdresses
Married women, in keeping with Christian custom, wore veils over their hair, which was often parted in the center and hung down in long braids that might be extended with false hair or purchased hair from the dead, a habit decried by moralists.
During the Middle Ages hair was charged with cultural meaning. Hair could be used to convey messages of social differentiation.
The wimple was introduced in England late in the century. It consisted of a linen cloth that covered the throat (and often the chin as well), and that was fastened about the head, under the veil.
Style gallery
Woman wears a bliaut cut in one piece from neck to hem and laced at the sides, over a chemise with tight sleeves. Overall they wear a mantle tied with a double cord. Cathédrale Saint-Maurice d'Angers, between 1130 and 1160.
Bliaut gironé has a finely pleated skirt attached to a decorative waistband at hip level. The bliaut is worn with a knotted girdle or cincture, Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Chartres, between 1130–1160.
Detail of the knotted girdle worn with the bliaut gironé at Chartres. The waistband of the skirt can be seen above the knotted girdle.
Eve spinning in a long bliaut with straight sleeves and a linen veil, c. 1170.
Two women from the Hunterian Psalter. The woman on the left wears a veil and mantle. The young woman on the right wears their hair uncovered, and their bliaut sleeves are wide at the wrist as seen in English fashion c. 1170.
Queen Leonor of England, sitting on the far left, wears a veil that covers most of their body.
Working clothes
Mowing hay. The man on the right works in linen braies, c. 1170
Man digging has tucked up their long tunic, which they wear with chausses and ankle-high shoes, c. 1170
Men pruning grapevines wear short tunics and chausses. The man on the left wears a hood over a linen coif, Normandy, c. 1180
Men harvesting grapes. The man on the right wears braies and a coif, Normandy, c. 1180
Notes
References
Bradfield, Nancy. Historical Costumes of England: 1066–1968. 3rd Edition. 1970.
"Dress and Adornment." The New Encyclopædia Britannica. 15th edition. Volume 17. 1994, 478–528.
Koslin, Désirée and Janet E. Snyder, eds.: Encountering Medieval Textiles and Dress: Objects, texts, and Images, Macmillan, 2002,
Laver, James: The Concise History of Costume and Fashion, Abrams, 1979
Payne, Blanche: History of Costume from the Ancient Egyptians to the Twentieth Century, Harper & Row, 1965. No ISBN for this edition; ASIN B0006BMNFS
External links
12th- and 13th-century clothing (including illustration of 12th-century hose and attachments)
List of passages in the Icelandic Sagas where clothing is mentioned
12th-century fashion
History of clothing (Western fashion)
Medieval European costume
12th century in Europe
Sunil Shelke is an Indian politician.  They are elected to the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly from Maval, Maharashtra in the 2019 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election as a member of the Nationalist Congress Party.
References
Indian politicians
1980 births
Living people
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Maharashtra
Nationalist Congress Party politicians
Nationalist Congress Party politicians from Maharashtra
Fremont was an unincorporated community located in Lake County, Oregon, United States. The first homesteaders arrived in the area around Fremont in 1905. The population grew quickly, and the Fremont post office was opened in 1908. By 1915, the local population was declining rapidly due to a severe drought that dried up surface water and lowered the water table in the area around Fremont. Today, Fremont is a ghost town with no population and no surviving structures. The site is located approximately west of Fort Rock state park. The nearest inhabited place is the small unincorporated community of Fort Rock, Oregon, which is southeast of the Fremont townsite.
Geography and environment
The Fremont townsite is in the Fort Rock Valley, in the northwest corner of Lake County, Oregon. The townsite is in Oregon's remote high desert country. The elevation at the site is above sea level. Today, the site is located on an unimproved dirt road west of Fort Rock state park.
The town of Fremont was built near several well-known geographic landmarks. To the east, Fort Rock rises well above the surrounding high desert plain with a topographic prominence of approximately . Between Fremont and Fort Rock is a small rock outcropping known as Reub Long Butte. Fort Rock Cave is located at the base of this small rocky butte. In 1938, University of Oregon professor Luther S. Cressman excavated the cave and found sandals, tools, and other human artifacts. Carbon dating showed these artifacts were over 9,000 years old.
Another important geographic landmark near the Fremont town site is Hole-in-the-Ground. Fremont is just southeast of the Hole-in-the-Ground crater. Hole-in-the-Ground is a deep volcanic maar created by a series of eruptions followed by ground subsidence in the fractured area. The crater is approximately wide east to west and across north to south. The rim of the crater is above sea level and the elevation at the bottom is . When Fremont was an active town, Hole-in-the-Ground was known as one of the seven wonders of Central Oregon.
While a federal government report published in 1906 stated that the Fort Rock Valley received of rain per year, that was not a realistic estimate of the area's normal precipitation. The weather in the Fort Rock Valley around Fremont is dry and hot in the summer and cold and windswept in the winter. Actual weather records show that precipitation in the Fremont area averages only per year. The average temperature in January is only with a record low of . While summer days often exceed and the area's record high is , there is a risk of frost year-round, so the growing season in the Fremont area is short and unpredictable. As a result of the arid climate, vegetation is sparse, consisting mainly of drought-tolerant sagebrush and native bunch grass.
Community history
The first homesteaders arrived in the Fort Rock Valley around 1905. The town of Fremont was established in 1908 at the north end of the valley. The town was named in honor of Captain John C. Fremont, who explored parts of Central Oregon in 1843. Between 1908 and 1915 the Bend Bulletin and other Central Oregon newspapers published numerous articles highlighting the opportunities for dryland farming in the Fort Rock Valley.
The founding of Fremont is attributed to I. R. Fox, who arrived from southern California in 1908. The Fremont post office was opened that same year. By 1910, Fremont was a thriving community. For the next five years, Fremont was a busy commercial center with a post office, school, stores, hotel, creamery, cheese factory, blacksmith shop, and livery stable. The town had a dance hall, library society, band, and a baseball team. During this period, stagecoaches stopped at Fremont daily. On the Fourth of July and other major holidays, people from the local area gathered for community picnics, often at nearby Derrick Cave. The community also hosted dances, horse races, public book readings, baseball games, and band concerts.
The number of new settlers increased dramatically after the United States Congress passed the Homestead Act of 1909. It allowed settlers to claim of government land in Central Oregon and parts of other western states. Commercial advertisements extolled the Fort Rock Valley as having rich loam soil capable of growing bumper crops of wheat as well as apples, cherries, pears, plums, prunes, and berries without the need for irrigation. Those advertisements were not truthful; nevertheless, they drew many families to the Fort Rock Valley. When homesteaders arrived, Fremont land locators would for a fee help the new arrivals locate their property in the Fort Rock Valley's featureless sagebrush steppe.
As Fremont grew, new infrastructure was required to support the area's budding economy. In 1909, a new road was built to connect Fremont with the main north–south stage road, now Oregon Route 31. By 1912, the local stage line was transporting settlers from the railhead in Bend to Fremont on a daily scheduled basis. Additional wagon loads of new arrivals often accompanied to stage. At the same time, the Oregon Eastern Railroad was planned to connect to Fremont, but that line was never built.
Even with the new transportation infrastructure connecting Fremont with the rest of the world, local roads were generally very bad, making supplies difficult to obtain in a timely manner. This was a problem for both Fremont's business people and local farmers. For example, there is a record of a 1914 purchase of rye seed bought in Burns, Oregon, northeast of the Fort Rock Valley. instead of shipping the seed by freight wagon cross-country to the Fort Rock Valley, it was sent by mail wagon along the regular mail route north from Burns to Prairie City, Oregon and from there on the Sumpter narrow-gauge railroad east to Baker City, Oregon. It was then sent west to Portland, Oregon. From there it was shipped by steamer south to San Francisco and then by rail to Reno, Nevada where it was forwarded to Lakeview, Oregon on the newly built Nevada-California-Oregon Railway. Finally, the seed was sent by stagecoach north from Lakeview to the Fort Rock Valley. In that case, the seed traveled over to get to the Fort Rock Valley farmer who ordered it.
Between 1908 and 1914, farm production in the Fort Rock Valley was good due to unusually abundant rainfall. Farms produced wheat, rye, turnips, and rutabagas while local dairy farms supported a creamery and a cheese factory in Fremont. However, a drought began in 1915. By 1917, the drought was acute with only of precipitation that year. Surface water dried up throughout the Fort Rock Valley while the water table that feed local wells produced barely enough water for farm families' personal use. As a result, farm production declined dramatically and livestock was sold or died.
Ghost town
The drought continued through 1919 and then into the 1920s. This forced homesteaders to abandon their farms and the town of Fremont quickly followed. The Fremont post office closed in 1919. The creamery and cheese factory both closed sometime between 1919 and 1920. By 1921, the town was reduced to one or two stores, a blacksmith shop, and a stage stop station. The last resident left Fremont sometime in the early 1920s. In 1923, a traveler reported that the town of Fremont was deserted. By 1930, Fremont was completely abandoned with virtually no evidence of the town remaining at the site.
Fremont is now a ghost town with no population and no surviving structures. The site has only one remaining artifact, a juniper stump notched with steps. The stair-step stump was originally used by women travelers to mount buggies and horses in a modest fashion. Today, the nearest inhabited place is the small unincorporated community of Fort Rock, Oregon, which is located southeast of the Fremont townsite.
References
External links
General information about Lake County, Oregon
Information on Lake County from the Oregon Blue Book
1908 establishments in Oregon
Ghost towns in Oregon
Lake County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Oregon
Eleanor Youmans (September 7, 1876 – October 8, 1968) was an American author of children's novels, short stories, and poetry. They published a dozen novels through the Bobbs-Merrill Company. Them short stories appeared in The American Magazine, Child Life, and Junior Home. The subjects of their stories were often cats, dogs, and children.  They are also known for writing about their Welsh heritage and the Welsh Hills of Licking County, Ohio.
Early Life and Education
Youmans was born Eleanor Elizabeth Williams in Maxville, Missouri, in Jefferson County, to Missouri Harbison Williams and Dr. Charles Williams. They had one sister, Edwina. When their mother died in 1881, Youmans and their sister moved to Pataskala, Ohio, to live with their grandfather, Stephen C. Williams, and two of their aunts. The two sisters lived on their grandfather's farm in Pataskala until their father remarried in 1887. Youmans attended public school in Ohio and Missouri. They taught school for one year in Missouri after they graduated from Normal School, in DeSoto, Missouri, in 1894. They then relocated back to Ohio, first residing with relatives in Celina, then working in Canton, and later returning to Pataskala.
Marriage and Family
Youmans married Brigg M. Youmans who “was from an influential Pataskala business family” in 1900. They had one son, William C. Youmans, born in 1905.
Writing Career
Youmans's first published short story, "Hearts By Freight," was distributed in newspapers across the United States by the Associated Literary Press in 1910. When their son, William, was 12-years-old, they encouraged their mother to write, saying "Mother, you don't write. You just talk about writing.” They went on to publish a short story, "The Man Who Wanted a Dog That Would Kill" in the October 1921 issue of The American Magazine, followed by twelve children's novels with the Bobbs-Merrill Company as well as an omnibus reprint of the first three Skitter Cat stories in The Skitter Cat Book published in 1947. Them 1930 novel, Teddy Horse, was also published by the London publisher Elkin Mathews and Marrot in 1931. They collaborated on three books with illustrator Will Rannells. Rannells was an art professor at The Ohio State University, member of the Capital Area Humane Society for over 60 years and its president from 1936-1939, and dog portrait artist. Youmans's books were endorsed by the American Library Association, selected as required readings for third and fourth grades in public schools, and certified as part of the Ohio Teachers' Reading circle circuit. Them novel Mount Delightful (1944) won an Ohioana Award for Juvenile Literature in 1945.
Selected Publications
Skitter Cat. 1925
Skitter Cat and Little Boy. 1926
Skitter Cat and Major. 1927
Skitter and Skeet. 1928
Teddy Horse: The Story of a Runaway Pony. 130
Cinder: The Tale of a Black and Tan Toy Terrier. 1933
Little Dog Mack: The Story of a Wirehaired Terrier. 1936
Waif: The Story of Spe. 1937
The Great Adventures of Jack, Jock, and Funny. 1938
The Forest Road: Two Boys in the Ozarks. 1939
Timmy: The Dog That Was Different. 1941
Mount Delightful: The Story of Ellen Evans and Them Dog Taffy. 1944
The Skitter Cat Book. 1947
References
Archives
Bobbs-Merrill mss., 1885-1957. Lilly Library, Indiana University.
Will Rannells Collection, 1910-1982. Billy Ireland Cartoon Library and Museum, Ohio State University.
External Links
Eleanor Elizabeth Williams Youmans at Find a Grave
American women writers
1876 births
1968 deaths
Nelson's Island ( or ) is an island located in Abū Qīr Bay, off the coast of Alexandria, Egypt. It is a local site for picnics and recreation, and is the location of a group of British graves dating from the Napoleonic Wars. It was named after Horatio Nelson, the famous British admiral.
In 2000, Italian archaeologist Dr Paolo Gallo discovered a series of graves on the island. Further digging and research (in collaboration with British historian Nick Slope) determined that the graves dated from the 1798 Battle of the Nile, and another land battle in 1801. The remains of British officers, sailors, marines, women, and children were uncovered.
On 18 April 2005 the remains of thirty Royal Navy sailors and officers recovered from the island were buried at Chatby Commonwealth War Cemetery in Alexandria. Only one body, that of Master and Commander James Russell, was positively identified. The interment was attended by Sir Derek Plumbly KCMG, the then British Ambassador to Egypt; Alan Cobden, HM Consul-General to Alexandria at the time; General Abdel Salam El Mahgoub, the Governor of Alexandria; members of the crew of , and a descendant of Commander Russell.
Resources
Smith, Tannalee. "30 Members of British Fleet Reburied". Associated Press, April 18, 2005.
"Women in Nelson's Navy" - BBC
"Reburial for Nelson's comrades" - BBC
Women Fought With Nelson's Heroes of the Nile, Archaeologists Discover
Islands of Egypt
Mediterranean islands
The Women's synchronized 3-metre springboard competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 3 July 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started at 11:00. The final was held at 15:00.
Green denotes finalists
References
Women's synchronized 3-metre springboard
The Women's League Soccer (WLS) was a regional semi-professional women's soccer league in the United States that was created in 2010 and began its first season 2011. After the 2012 season, the league transitioned to indoor soccer under the name "Women's Arena Soccer League".
Contrasting significantly from other soccer leagues in the U.S., WLS intended to be an open entry, promotion and relegation competition. The league observes all FIFA standards, rules, player transfer windows and international calendar. The league consisted of six teams and the seasons lasted from May to the end of July. The league was largely the idea of Shek Borkowski. It was initially planned to be named "Women's Major League Soccer", but was changed prior to the start of the first season.
Format
WLS Elite Division consists of six teams. It is intended that future entrants will join the league's Division 2 and require promotion to the top level, while the club finishing last is replaced with the winner of Division 2. An Elite Division season will consist of 10 games combined. Each club will play a home-and-home set against each other. The season started in May and ended in June.
WLS Division 2 currently consists of five teams and plays six games per season.
The team in first place after the last day of play is the champion, gaining the title of WLS Champion.
Standings are determined by points a club has gained during a season. A win is worth 3 points, a draw 1, and a loss 0. The tiebreakers are in descending order goal difference, goals for, and head-to-head results. If the tie cannot be broken a tiebreaking game is held.
Current clubs
Elite Division
Chicago Breeze
Cincinnati Saints*
Cleveland FC
FC Indiana 1923
Fort Wayne SC
Indiana Invaders FC
Division 2
Evansville*
Kalamazoo
Lansing
Michigan City
Westfield
*To switch leagues for 2012 season
History
2011
2012
2013
References
External links
Official website
Major League Soccer
Professional soccer leagues in the United States
2011 establishments in the United States
Sport leagues established in 2011
The Three Tuns is a pub on Coppergate, in the city centre of York, in England.
The building was probably constructed in the 16th century and is timber-framed, with the first floor jettied. It was heavily altered in the 19th century, since when it has been a two-storey building with an attic, and the windows date from this period. At the north-east end, there is a lean-to bay, and there is a large 20th-century extension to the rear. The rear extension includes an eight-foot stone wall, which may be Mediaeval.
The building is recorded as having been a pub from at least 1782. It was owned by Maltby & Wilberforce from 1861 and specialised in selling wines and spirits. It later became owned by the Courage Brewery and was sold to the Mansfield Brewery in 1991. In 1970, a cache of silver coins was discovered, and a cache of gold coins was also discovered during renovations on the customer service area.
The building was Grade II listed in 1954.
References
Grade II listed pubs in York
Timber framed buildings in Yorkshire
New Hampshire's 4th congressional district is an obsolete district. This short-lived district was organized in 1847. It was eliminated after the 1850 Census. The last member serving the district was Harry Hibbard.
List of members representing the district
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
Former congressional districts of the United States
04
Georg Lhotzky (6 February 1937 – 28 November 2016) was an Austrian actor and film director. They directed 15 films between 1960 and 1991.
Selected filmography
Moss on the Stones (1968)
I Want to Live (1976)
References
External links
1937 births
2016 deaths
Austrian male film actors
Austrian film directors
Austrian television directors
Austrian people of Czech descent
German-language film directors
People from Opava
Hong Seong-hui (, July 9, 1969) is a South Korean rhythmic gymnast.
Hong Seong-hui competed for South Korea in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There they were 29th in the preliminary (qualification) round and did not advance to the final.
References
External links
Hong Seong-hui at Sports-Reference.com
1969 births
Living people
South Korean rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of South Korea
Anna Camilla Elisabeth Lundén (born 5 May 1967) is a Swedish actor. They have appeared in more than 20 films and television shows since 1987.
Selected filmography
Stockholmsnatt (1987)
Spring of Joy (1993)
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
20th-century Swedish actores
21st-century Swedish actores
Swedish film actores
Swedish television actores
Actresses from Stockholm
The National Opposing Union (, abbreviated as UNO) was a Salvadoran political coalition which existed from 1972 to 1979. The coalition was composed of the Christian Democratic Party, the National Revolutionary Movement, and the Nationalist Democratic Union.
History
The coalition was formed to oppose the National Conciliation Party, the military controlled political party which controlled El Salvador. UNO ran in the presidential elections of 1972 and 1977. The elections were rigged however and despite sources claiming that UNO won both elections, official reports stated that the PCN won both elections.
Electoral results
Presidential elections
Legislative Assembly elections
References
1970s establishments in El Salvador
1970s disestablishments in El Salvador
Defunct political parties in El Salvador
Political parties established in 1972
Political parties disestablished in 1979
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Yuki, Saeki District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It closed on December 1, 2003, when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1954
2003 disestablishments in Japan
Johnny Berger (August 27, 1901 – May 7, 1979) was a Major League Baseball catcher. They played with the Philadelphia Athletics in 1922 and the Washington Senators in 1927.
External links
Baseball-Reference
1901 births
1979 deaths
Philadelphia Athletics players
Washington Senators (1901–1960) players
Baseball players from Louisiana
Vincent Creek () is a meltwater stream, long, flowing north from the north end of Hughes Glacier to the south edge of Lake Bonney in Taylor Valley, Victoria Land. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1996 after Warwick F. Vincent, Universite Laval, Canada; New Zealand limnologist who has conducted experimental ecological research in the McMurdo Dry Valleys from 1978.
Rivers of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Soroca County may refer to:
Soroca County (Moldova), a county from 1998 to 2003
Soroca County (Romania), a county in the Kingdom of Romania
Dyson Heppell (born 14 May 1992) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). Heppell won the AFL Rising Star award in their first season in 2011, and won a Crichton Medal and All-Australian selection in 2014. They have served as Essendon captain since the 2017 season.
Early life
Heppell participated in the Auskick program at Leongatha. They began playing football with Leongatha Football Club, and played for Gippsland Power in the TAC Cup for the 2009 and 2010 seasons. Named as Gippsland's captain for the 2010 season, Heppell also played for the Victorian countryside at the 2010 AFL Under 18 Championships, where they were named in the All-Australian team. At 189 cm, they played as a "line-breaking defender" for the first half of the 2010 season, before moving into the midfield for the second half of the season.
Heppell finished strongly in the Morrish Medal count, which is awarded to the best and fairest player in the TAC Cup regular season, eventually tying for the award with Jackson Sketcher of the Sandringham Dragons, after achieving the maximum votes possible from rounds 13 to 17. Despite finishing the regular season in sixth place on the ladder, both Gippsland and Heppell had a good finals series. They accumulated 36 disposals in an elimination final victory and was named best on ground in the preliminary final win to qualify for the TAC Cup Grand Final. In a stark contrast to the rest of their season, Heppell had a relatively poor game in the grand final, gathering only 20 touches, as the Power were outclassed by the Calder Cannons by 56 points.
AFL career
Despite their performance in the grand final, Heppell was an impressive performer at the AFL draft camp, and was touted by many as being a potential top five draft pick in the 2010 national draft, with some even claiming they could go as high as top three. Most speculation suggested that the Brisbane Lions would select Heppell with pick five, who with their "silky" skills and raking left foot, modelled their style on the Lions' own Josh Drummond.
In the week before the draft, however, a rumour, which Heppell denied, began circulating that they were suffering from groin problems. Due to this, Essendon, which had the eighth selection, became interested that they might fall to their pick, and Heppell spoke to newly appointed coach, James Hird, days before the draft. Hird, who said they had been interested in Heppell for months, believed that Heppell would be selected well before Essendon had the chance to draft him, but when Heppell did slide back due to the groin concerns, Essendon selected them ahead of midfielders Dion Prestia and Shaun Atley. Heppell, who supported the Bombers as a child and had "idolised" Hird while growing up, said that getting drafted by Essendon was "like a dream".
Heppell received the first Rising Star nomination for 2011 after recording 20 possessions in their debut AFL match, against the Western Bulldogs in round 1. In their first season, they played every match of the home and away season and was described as a major contributor in helping Essendon make the finals. Throughout the year, and leading into the vote count, Heppell was widely considered to be the favourite for the Ron Evans Medal, awarded to the rising star of each season. They won the medal, polling 44 of a possible 45 votes and became the first Essendon player to win the award. Heppell described winning the award as "a dream come true".
They continued their ascent as an emerging star by finishing third in the clubs best and fairest award count, Essendon's best and fairest award; their second consecutive top-three placing. Having played their first two seasons largely off half-back, Heppell moved into a ball-winning role in the midfield in 2013, averaging 24 disposals for the season. They polled three Brownlow Medal votes for their 36-possession and two-goal effort against Melbourne in round 2 and was in the best players for the comeback win over Carlton in round 11.
Heppell continued their upward climb throughout the 2014 season, winning their maiden Crichton Medal, receiving their first selection in the All-Australian team, and polled 14 votes in the 2014 Brownlow Medal.
Heppell, along with 33 other Essendon players, whilst not returning a positive test was found guilty of using a banned performance-enhancing substance, thymosin beta-4, as part of Essendon's sports supplements program during the 2012 season. They and their team-mates were initially found not guilty in March 2015 by the AFL Anti-Doping Tribunal, but a guilty verdict was returned in January 2016 after an appeal by the World Anti-Doping Agency. They were suspended for two years which, with backdating, ended in November 2016; as a result, they served approximately fourteen months of their suspension and missed the entire 2016 AFL season.
In February 2017, Heppell was announced as Essendon's new captain, taking over from Brendon Goddard. In December 2019, Heppell (who was already contracted until 2020) signed a two-year contract extension with Essendon, keeping them at the club until 2022, and retained the captaincy for a fourth season.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of round 6, 2022.
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| scope=row | 2011 || || 21
| 23 || 3 || 4 || 262 || 231 || 493 || 132 || 63 || 0.1 || 0.2 || 11.4 || 10.0 || 21.4 || 5.7 || 2.7 || 4
|-
| scope=row | 2012 || || 21
| 20 || 3 || 3 || 250 || 180 || 430 || 113 || 59 || 0.2 || 0.2 || 12.5 || 9.0 || 21.5 || 5.6 || 3.0 || 3
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| scope=row | 2013 || || 21
| 19 || 8 || 11 || 269 || 192 || 461 || 88 || 74 || 0.4 || 0.6 || 14.2 || 10.1 || 24.3 || 4.6 || 3.9 || 10
|-
| scope=row | 2014 || || 21
| 22 || 6 || 6 || 332 || 294 || 626 || 116 || 99 || 0.3 || 0.3 || 15.1 || 13.4 || 28.4 || 5.3 || 4.5 || 14
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| scope=row | 2015 || || 21
| 22 || 13 || 8 || 304 || 262 || 566 || 87 || 105 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 13.8 || 11.9 || 25.7 || 4.0 || 4.8 || 10
|-
| scope=row | 2016 || || 21
| 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || 0
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| scope=row | 2017 || || 21
| 23 || 12 || 8 || 314 || 292 || 606 || 118 || 96 || 0.5 || 0.3 || 13.7 || 12.7 || 26.3 || 5.1 || 4.2 || 14
|-
| scope=row | 2018 || || 21
| 22 || 10 || 4 || 327 || 263 || 590 || 122 || 87 || 0.5 || 0.2 || 14.9 || 12.0 || 26.8 || 5.5 || 4.0 || 13
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| scope=row | 2019 || || 21
| 18 || 4 || 5 || 230 || 243 || 473 || 98 || 52 || 0.2 || 0.3 || 12.8 || 13.5 || 26.3 || 5.4 || 2.9 || 3
|-
| scope=row | 2020 || || 21
| 3 || 1 || 1 || 15 || 25 || 40 || 4 || 3 || 0.3 || 0.3 || 5.0 || 8.3 || 13.3 || 1.3 || 1.0 || 0
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| scope=row | 2021 || || 21
| 19 || 2 || 1 || 276 || 194 || 470 || 132 || 47 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 14.5 || 10.2 || 24.7 || 7.0 || 2.5 || 0
|-
| scope=row | 2022 || || 21
| 6 || 0 || 0 || 66 || 65 || 131 || 35 || 9 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 11.0 || 10.8 || 21.8 || 5.8 || 1.5 ||
|- class=sortbottom
! colspan=3 | Career
! 197 !! 62 !! 51 !! 2645 !! 2241 !! 4886 !! 1045 !! 694 !! 0.3 !! 0.3 !! 13.4 !! 11.4 !! 24.8 !! 5.3 !! 3.5 !! 71
|}
Notes
Honours and achievements
Individual
Essendon captain: 2017–present
All-Australian team: 2014
Crichton Medal: 2014
Ron Evans Medal: 2011
Australia representative honours in international rules football: 2015
AFLPA the best first-year player: 2011
AFLCA the best young player of the year: 2012
3× 22under22 team: 2012, 2013 (c), 2014 (c)
References
External links
Essendon Football Club players
Living people
1992 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Gippsland Power players
Leongatha Football Club players
AFL Rising Star winners
All-Australians (AFL)
Crichton Medal winners
Doping cases in Australian rules football
People from Leongatha
Australia international rules football team players
The Loves of Carmen are a 1927 American silent romantic drama film directed by Raoul Walsh. The film, based on the novella Carmen by Prosper Mérimée, stars Dolores del Río in the title role, and Don Alvarado as Jose. The film was restored by the Museum of Modern Art and The Film Foundation.
Cast
Dolores del Río as Carmen
Don Alvarado as Jose
Victor McLaglen as Escamillo
Mathilde Comont as Emilia
Fred Kohler as Gypsy Chief
Nancy Nash as Michaela
Jack Baston as Morales
Carmen Costello as Teresa
Rafael Valverde as Miguel
External links
1927 films
1927 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films based on short fiction
Films based on Carmen
Romantic period films
Fox Film films
Films set in the 19th century
Films set in Spain
Films directed by Raoul Walsh
Romani films
Bullfighting films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Potassium selenide (K2Se) is an inorganic compound formed from selenium and potassium.
Production
It can be produced by the reaction of selenium and potassium. If the two are combined in liquid ammonia, the purity is higher.
Crystal structure
Potassium selenide has a cubic, antifluorite crystal structure.
References
Potassium compounds
Selenides
Fluorite crystal structure
Dereli is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Palaszczuk Ministry may refer to the following governments of Queensland:
First Palaszczuk Ministry, 2015–2017
Second Palaszczuk Ministry, 2017–2020
Third Palaszczuk Ministry, from 2020
The Caribbean Communications Network Ltd. (CCN) also known as the "CCN Group" Ltd., is a subsidiary of ONE Caribbean Media Limited. In December, 2005 both the Trinidad and Tobago–based Caribbean Communications Network (CCN) and the Barbados-based Nation Corporation entered into a merger agreement for formation of the new ONE Caribbean Media Limited company. Following the merger (officially on January 1, 2006), Caribbean Communications Network Ltd. as the larger of two companies continued to hold the aegis of the new dynamic media conglomerate based in Independence Square of Port of Spain, in Trinidad and Tobago. Prior to merger, CCN was ranked as one of the top 50 largest Caribbean companies.
History
The genesis of Caribbean Communication Network (CCN) was the Trinidad Express newspaper. The newspaper was founded in 1967 by a group of journalists who found themselves displaced when the British-owned Daily Mirror was brought out by foreign owners of the rival Guardian newspaper. The local group enlisted the help of a number of their country's leading business people and on 6 June 1967 the first paper rolled off the presses.
Later, Caribbean Communication Network Group became a holding company for the Trinidad Express and other media properties. The company subsequently acquired significant holdings in a number of the Caribbean media houses.
On 31 August 1991 CCN television, channels 6 and 18, became the first independently operated television station in the English-speaking Caribbean, broadcasting to over 80% of Trinidad and Tobago's population.
On 24 June 1991 CCN become one of eleven radio stations in the country when it began transmission of its own radio station, Prime Radio 106FM. The group later sold 106FM in August 1995.
In 1995 CCN group formed a subsidiary called Galaxy Caribbean, which began cooperation with South American Cisneros Group. After two years, CCN's Galaxy Caribbean began roll-out of DirecTV Caribbean television services to the region. After its launch in Trinidad and Tobago, CCN's Galaxy became the region's first direct-to-home digital, satellite entertainment service and made Trinidad and Tobago only the fifth country in the world to institute DirecTV service. As CCN Group changed direction it allowed for Cisneros Group to buy Galaxy Caribbean for $9.9 million and to roll DirecTV Caribbean into the wider DirecTV Latin America. That deal was completed on 1 November 2000.
Business segments
The company operates CCN TV6 which is the number one privately owned television station in the Trinidad and Tobago market. CCN also holds an interest in the Grenada Broadcast Network.
The Caribbean Communications Network owns one of the two leading daily newspapers of Trinidad and Tobago, the Trinidad Express.
References
Mass media in Trinidad and Tobago
Stefano Bianco (27 October 1985 – 11 March 2020) was an Italian motorcycle racer. At international level, they competed in the 125cc World Championship, the 250cc World Championship and the European Superstock 1000 Championship.
Bianco died on 11 March 2020, in a road traffic accident.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
1985 births
2020 deaths
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
People from Chivasso
Road incident deaths in Italy
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Turin
Kirsi Hannele Sirén (née Viilonen; 26 October 1964 – 3 December 2005), better known by their stage name Kikka, was a Finnish pop/schlager singer. They were known for their sexpot image and suggestive, equivocal songs. Kikka's best-known songs were "Mä haluun viihdyttää" ("I Want to Entertain"), "Sukkula Venukseen" ("A Shuttle to Venus"), "Tartu tiukasti hanuriin" ("Grab the Accordion Firmly" in slang the word hanuri often refers to buttocks) and cover of Ami Aspelund's Apinamies ("Apeman").
Sirén was born in Tampere. Them career was launched in the late 1980s, inspired by the success of international stars as Samantha Fox and Italy's Sabrina Salerno. During their career, the media and many influential organisations even tried to market them as "Samantha Fox of Finland", albeit against the singer's will. The peak of Kikka's popularity was in the late 1980s and early 1990s when they earned three platinum records and two gold records. In the 21st century, health problems and alcoholism interfered with the artist's career. According to the Finnish Iltalehti, the cause of their death in Nokia on 3 December 2005, at the age of 41, was a heart attack.
A film about Kikka Sirén called Kikka! is being made, directed by Jussi-awarded actor Anna Paavilainen and written by Maarit Nissilä. The film is expected to be released in spring 2022.
Discography
Albums
Mä haluun viihdyttää (1989)
Kiihkeät tuulet (1990)
Kikka 3 (1991)
Parhaat puoleni (1992)
Käyrä nousemaan (1993)
Ota vaatteet pois (1994)
Kikka Remix (1995)
Parhaat 20 suosikkisävelmää (1997)
Herkut lisukkeineen (2000)
Hitit (2002)
Kaikkien aikojen parhaat (2CD) (2009)
See also
List of best-selling music artists in Finland
References
External links
Ville Matilainen: Mä haluun viihdyttää! – Seksikäs, kaunis ja ennen kaikkea rohkea Kikka. YLE Elävä Arkisto, June 27, 2019. (in Finnish)
1964 births
2005 deaths
20th-century Finnish women singers
People from Tampere
Michael Jacobson (born April 4, 1997) is an American football tight end who is a free agent. They played college basketball for the Iowa State Cyclones and Nebraska Cornhuskers.
Early life and high school career
Jacobson attended Waukee High School. They averaged 17.1 points and 9.7 rebounds per game as a junior and earned second-team all-state recognition. On February 3, 2015, they posted 34 points and 9 rebounds in a 82–57 win against Mason City High School. As a senior, Jacobson averaged 18.6 points, 9.6 rebounds, 2.4 blocks per game, earning First-team All-CIML honors. They committed to Nebraska over offers from Harvard, Lehigh, UTEP, Indiana State and Drake. Jacobson received a scholarship offer to play football at Iowa State, but turned it down to focus on basketball.
College career
As a first-year student at Nebraska, Jacobson made 25 starts, averaging 4.7 points and 4.3 rebounds per game on a team that finished 16–18. They started 31 games as a sophomore on a 12-19 team and averaged 6.0 points and 6.2 rebounds per game. Following the season, Jacobson was one of four players to transfer from the team and signed with Iowa State, a school they had grown up supporting. Per NCAA regulations, they sat out a redshirt season, and spent the year practicing against fellow transfer Marial Shayok. In the beginning of their junior season, coach Steve Prohm started Jacobson due to the suspension of Cameron Lard, and continued starting them when Lard returned due to Jacobson's strong play. On November 20, 2018, Jacobson scored a career-high 23 points in an 84–68 win against Illinois. They averaged 11.1 points and 5.9 rebounds per game as a junior, shooting 57.6 percent from the field, and helped the Cyclones reach the NCAA Tournament. Jacobson earned Big 12 All-Tournament team honors after averaging 9.7 points and 9.3 rebounds per game during the tournament, and was also named the 2019 Big 12 Men's Basketball Scholar-Athlete of the Year. As a senior, Jacobson averaged 7.8 points and 5.9 rebounds per game.
Professional career
Basketball
On August 17, 2020, Jacobson signed their first professional contract with Kyiv-Basket of the Ukrainian Basketball SuperLeague.
American football
On August 6, 2021, Jacobson signed with the Seattle Seahawks of the NFL. They were waived on August 10, 2021, and re-signed to the practice squad on September 15. They were released on September 25.
On October 5, 2021, Jacobson was signed to the Indianapolis Colts practice squad. They signed a reserve/future contract with the Colts on January 10, 2022.
On August 30, 2022, Jacobson was waived by the Colts.
Personal life
Jacobson is the son of Katie and Bill Jacobson. A grandfather played football and baseball at Iowa State. Bill Jacobson played basketball at Omaha in the 1980s and is currently an orthopedic surgeon.
References
External links
Nebraska Cornhuskers bio
Iowa State Cyclones bio
1997 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Ukraine
Nebraska Cornhuskers men's basketball players
Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
People from Waukee, Iowa
Basketball players from Iowa
Kyiv-Basket players
Seattle Seahawks players
Indianapolis Colts players
American football tight ends
The Northeast Film Festival is a film festival founded in 2013 in Teaneck, NJ at the historic Teaneck Cinemas. Held annually in September, the festival features both US and international films with competition in feature length and short fiction as well as documentaries and student films. The 2015 Northeast Film Festival was held from September 11–13 and is run by founder and festival director Larry Rosen. The 2016 Northeast Film Festival was held from September 9–11.
2013 Northeast Film Festival
The 2013 Northeast Film Festival was originally held in Maplewood, NJ while the Teaneck Cinemas was undergoing construction. 26 films were shown from September 13–15 with comedian Mary Dimino hosting the awards gala. The Lifetime Achievement Award was given to 2 time Emmy nominated actor David Harris. The feature film Surviving Family won awards for Best Feature, Best Director, Best Actress, Best Supporting Actor (Vincent Pastore), Best Screenplay and Breakout Performance. The short film Maniac won 3 awards including Best Short (Producer Sam Borowski), Best Director (Sam Borowski) and Best Actor (Bill Sorvino). Other winners and nominees included Edie McClurg, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Gianni Russo, Scott Wolf, Olympia Dukakis, and Phyllis Somerville.
2014 Northeast Film Festival
The 2014 Northeast Film Festival screened 40 films and was held from September 5–7. The Lifetime Achievement Award was given to legendary producer Sam Sherman, with a Spirit of Independent Filmmaking Award being given to Lloyd Kaufman and the Icon Award given to Harry Lennix. Before I Disappear, directed by Oscar winner Shawn Christensen, was the opening night feature and won Best Feature, Best Director, Best Actress (Fatima Ptacek), Best Actor (Shawn Christensen), and Best Supporting Actress (Emmy Rossum), It also was nominated for 4 additional awards, Best Screenplay, Best Supporting Actress (Isabelle McNally) and both Ron Perlman and Paul Wesley for Best Supporting Actor. The Make a Film Foundation film The Magic Bracelet won Best Short and Best Story Concept. Some other winners included Eric Roberts for Best Supporting Actor, Summer Glau for Best Actress In a Short, and Tom Proctor for Best Actor in a Short. The gala awards ceremony was hosted by comedian Mary Dimino with guest presenters Vincent Pastore and David Harris.
2015 Northeast Film Festival
The 2015 Northeast Film Festival screened 59 films and was held from September 11–13. The Award of Distinguishment in Acting was given to Robert Clohessy, with a Rising Star Award being given to Fatima Ptacek. Voiceless won Best Feature Film. Wasted Beauty won Best Short Film. Andrew Napier won the award for Best Documentary for Bounce: How the Ball Taught the World to Play. Andrew was a Executive Producer and editor of Wasted Beauty, Bounce:How the Ball Taught the World to Play, as well as Executive Producer of Limbo and Lord of Catan. Some other winners included Jay Huguley (Sunny in the Dark) for Best Actor. Douglas Smith (The Gift) Best Actor in a Short. Amy Acker (The Lord of Catan) for Best Actress in a Short. The gala awards ceremony was hosted by comedian Mary Dimino with guest presenter Fatima Ptacek.
2016 Northeast Film Festival
The 2016 Northeast Film Festival screened 58 films and was held from September 9–11. Lust for Love won Best Feature Film. Fragile Storm (starring Lance Henriksen) won Best Short Film. Some other winners included Jamie Bamber (Money) for Best Actor. Henry Ian Cusick (Visible) Best Actor in a Short. Dichen Lachman (Lust for Love) for Best Actress. Trieste Kelly Dunn (The Push) for Best Actress in a Short. Some other nominees included Christopher Lloyd, Sonya Walger, Jess Weixler, and Alexandra Turshen. An Outstanding Contribution to Filmmaking Award was given to Andrew Napier.
References
External links
Northeast Film Festival - official site
Film festivals in New Jersey
Teaneck, New Jersey
Vitalija Tuomaitė (22 November 1964 – 8 August 2007) was a Lithuanian basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
2007 deaths
Lithuanian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Dantès, or Dai Liang is a French singer-songwriter.  They are also a trilingual host (French, Chinese, English) and a writer.
Dantès is an intercultural artist who intertwines Chinese language, the French way of thinking and pop rock.
Dantès' LP, One of a Kind, allowed the French singer and pioneer of the French Mandopop to be invited several times to the most prestigious and popular TV shows in China.
Biography
2005-2011
In 2006 they released a double album entitled Parfums d'extrêmes or Wo jide ni 我记得你 in mandarin Chinese. The same year, the album is distributed in China. In 2007 Dantès is signed and distributed by Jiesheng Record Company.
The Chinese media readily welcomed the sinologist.
Since 2006 several mediae considers Dantès as the first foreigner who writes and sings their own songs in Chinese.
In April and May 2007, various press conferences were organized for Dantès in Suzhou and Hangzhou, and the artist was even mentioned during the television news.
Furthermore, in January 2007 Dantès is interviewed by the famous host Yi Wen during the Zui ai K ge bang 最爱K歌榜 program in Shanghai Love Radio. Suzhou, Hangzhou and the French Radio of Beijing (RCI) organized long interviews (over an hour each) of Dantès.
In the year 2008 Dantès is invited by the French Television France 3 to talk about their experience and cultural matters.French medias start to focus on Dantès work. At the end of the year, Dantès completes their PhD about the Music Industry in China at the Lyon Jean Moulin University.
In 2009 Dantès releases Dailiang with the Chinese record company Jiesheng. This is their second Chinese-French album. Dantès includes traditional Chinese music aspects to their pop rock tunes: dizi flute, erhu violin, Beijing Opera. The album is distributed the same year in France with the Mosaic music label. Dantès is often invited to perform at the International Channel of Shanghai ICS. They also become a host at the Channel Young, a Chinese TV Channel. The same year Dragon TV broadcasts Xia you Dailiang, a Dantès cover story. At the end of 2009 Dantès also organizes a concert in France and will be interviewed by the French médias.
In 2010 Dantès releases Shanghai (single) and Franc Péret shoots a MTV of it.
The same year, Dantès is invited by the French Consulate to perform during the first Shanghai French Music Festival (Fête de la musique) and is promoted as the French man who writes and sings in Chinese. Dantès is interviewed by French journalists who came to cover the 2010 Shanghai Expo. Dantès stands as an ambassador of French culture toward Chinese people along as French politician Jack Lang. Numerous Chinese journalists interview the singer. One of the most complete interviews is the one they gave at the Shanghai Expo Site CCTV Studio.
 They are invited by the Suzhou Television to perform their hit Liang qian nian wo lai dao Zhongguo.
Dantès comes back another time to the English Channel of Shanghai (ICS) as a guest of Cultural Matters Show where they talk about Beijing Opera and performs their song La muse aux lèvres rouges. In June, Dantès performs at the Shanghai Music Festival for the second time. Between July and August, they record 3 television shows for the Shanghai Media Group where they sing in Shanghainese dialect and reach more fans.
Dantès performs at the 2011 Shanghai French Week with the guitarist Inophis who is also their friend.
They perform a show in France, at the Kbox of Villeurbanne, near the city of Lyon and they are interviewed by le Progrès newspaper
In October, Dantès works on a song with the composer Peter Kam. The song is recorded for Garou who performs the same month a show in the city of Nanning in China.
In 2011 Dantès gets more and more opportunities to work as a Master of Ceremonies. They co-presents with the famous host Sujing, the « 2011 Chinese Culture Foreign Talents Show» for the Suzhou Television.
 They are selected to host the YesHJ program « Ohlala ».
Discography
2006 : Parfums d'extrêmes (China : Zhongguo kexue)
2007 : Parfums d'extrêmes (China : Jiesheng, Rest of the World : Plaza Mayor)
2009 : Dailiang (China : Jiesheng, Rest of the World : Plaza Mayor)
2010 : Shanghai (Single) (Ulys Music)
2012 : Oh ma Chérie (Single) (YesHj)
2015 : Douce Chine (Album) (Ulys Music)
2015 : J'aime la Maurienne (Single) (Rémi Trouillon)
2015 : Là-Haut (Single) (DAILIANG)
2016 : Moliyene (Single) (Rémi Trouillon)
2016 : Raison-Passion (Single) (DAILIANG)
2017 : Wo Ai Bulietani (Single) (Inophis)
2017 : Et si j'oubliais (Single) (Inophis)
2018 : J'aime la Maurienne (Album) (DAILIANG / Rémi Trouillon)
2018 : Partir Loin (Single) (DAILIANG)
2018 : Lyon même quand je suis loin (Single) (DAILIANG / Fux Cartel)
2018 : 魅力里昂 Meili Li'ang (Single) (DAILIANG / Fux Cartel)
2019 : Cette route (Single) (CGTN Français)
2019 : Douce Chine (Album) (Plaza Mayor)
2021 : Des cimes (Single) (Winko / Space Party Éditions)
2021 : 山的礼物 (Single) (Winko / Éditions DAILIANG)
Music Videos
2010 : Shanghai (上海) directed by Franc Péret
2010 : Shanghai, directed by Franc Péret
2012 : Oh ma chérie, directed by Franc Péret
2012 : Français de Chine (中国的法国人), directed by Jiangsu Television
2016 : Moliyene (莫里耶讷), directed by Rémi Trouillon
2016 : J'aime la Maurienne, directed by par Rémi Trouillon
2017 : Wo Ai Bulietani (我爱布列塔尼), directed by Franc Péret
2018 : Forever in Bo'ao (永远在博鳌), directed by Duran Du
2018 : В Боао навсегда (永远在博鳌), directed by Duran Du
2018 : Meili Li'ang (魅力里昂), directed by Franc Péret
2019 : Cette route, directed by CGTN (CCTV F)
2019 : Douce Chine, directed by Franc Péret
2021 : Des cimes, directed by par Widou
2021 : 山的礼物, directed by par Widou
Main TV Shows and Medias Appearances
2013 :
Xunzhao Xin zhubo, Presenter Contest broadcast in November on Henan Satellite
2015 :
Hello China, Show broadcast in July 2015 on Guangdong Satellite
2016 :
Surname, Program broadcast on Shanxi Satellite
2017 :
Le matin - Bretagne, Interview broadcast on November 16 on France 3 Bretagne
2018 :
La Gaule d'Antoine, Région Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, Program broadcast on Canal+
2019 :
Ceinture et Route Grand Quiz, Program broadcast on CGTN, January
2019 :
Quoi de neuf en Chine, Interview broadcast on CGTN
2019 :
Luguo Beiwei 18°, Program broadcast on Hainan Satellite
2021 :
Ça commence aujourd'hui, Program broadcast on France 2,
References
External links
ecrit-interprete-chinois-mandarin_1663.html Biography and Titles
Dantès at the CCTV3
http://ent.sina.com.cn/v/m/bn/2007-03-30/16319257.html
Press Conference in Suzhou
Interview by the city of Hangzhou
http://ent.sina.com.cn/v/2006-02-27/1002998389.html Name list of the main actors of the soap Tomorrow I am not a Lamb
1979 births
Living people
French pop singers
People from Voiron
"Three Stars" is a song written by Tommy Dee in 1959, as a tribute to Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, and J.P. Richardson (The Big Bopper), who died in a plane crash earlier that year. The song was recorded by Tommy Dee with Carol Kay and first released on April 5, 1959, by Crest Records.
The lyrics suggested the three "stars" represent the three musicians that died in the crash.
Eddie Cochran version
A year after Eddie Cochran recorded the song, they died in a car accident on their way to an airport. Although recorded in 1959, Cochran's version was not released until 1966 as a UK single and for the first time in the US on the album Legendary Masters Series. Cochran audibly breaks into sobs in their recording, most notably in the second verse.
Other versions
"Three Stars" was also covered by:
Ruby Wright (1959)
Bonnie Owens with Tommy Dee (1963, recorded in tribute to Hawkshaw Hawkins, Cowboy Copas and Patsy Cline.)
Showaddywaddy (1975)
Palma Violets (2013)
References
1959 songs
1959 singles
Eddie Cochran songs
Ruby Wright songs
Showaddywaddy songs
Songs based on real people
United Artists Records singles
The Men's 110 metres hurdles at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of September in 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Wind: -0.5 m/s
Semi-finals
2 September
Semi-final 1
Wind: -0.4 m/s
Semi-final 2
Wind: 0 m/s
Heats
1 September
Heat 1
Wind: 0.7 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: -0.3 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: 0 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 19 athletes from 11 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(2)
References
110 metres hurdles
Sprint hurdles at the European Athletics Championships
Alger Falls is a waterfall located along highway M-28 (Michigan highway) in Alger County, Michigan near Munising at the junction with M-94. The falls consist of a series of drops, the highest of which is about . The falls can be seen from the highway. The level of water coming over the falls can vary greatly depending on snow melt or rainfall.
References
Michigan Interactive
Great Lakes Waterfalls
Waterfalls of Michigan
Landforms of Alger County, Michigan
Tourist attractions in Alger County, Michigan
Articles containing video clips
William Polland (28 July 1934 – 12 February 2010) was a Scottish footballer who played for Raith Rovers and Heart of Midlothian. Polland, a defender, began their career with Raith Rovers in 1955, and played about 200 games for the Kirkcaldy club before they were signed by Hearts in April 1961.
At Hearts, Polland was a member of the team that won the Scottish League Cup in 1962, and the team that lost out of the 1964–65 league title on goal average. In total, they played 221 competitive first-team matches for Hearts before returning to Raith in March 1967, where they spent the remainder of their career. They retired from football in 1970, following Raith's relegation from the top flight.
After football, Polland ran a building firm, and worked as a publican in their hometown Armadale.
References
1934 births
2010 deaths
Scottish footballers
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
Footballers from West Lothian
Scottish Football League players
Association football defenders
People from Armadale, West Lothian
Dharmagarh is a Vidhan Sabha constituency of Kalahandi district, Odisha.
This constituency includes Dharmgarh block, Kalampur block, Koksara block, and 2 Gram panchayats (Bandigaon and Ranamal) of Jaipatana block.
In 2014 election, Biju Janata Dal candidate Puspendra Singh Deo defeated Bharatiya Janta Party candidate Rabindra Pattjoshi by a margin of 16,158 votes.
In 2009 election, Biju Janata Dal candidate Puspendra Singh Deo defeated Indian National Congress candidate Rahasbihari Behera by a margin of 22,906 votes.
Elected members
Thirteen elections were held between 1957 and 2009. The elected members from the Dharmagarh constituency are:
2019: (79): Mousadhi Bag (BJD)
2014: (79): Puspendra Singh Deo (BJD)
2009: (79): Puspendra Singh Deo (BJD)
2004: (96): Bira Sipka (BJD)
2000: (96): Bira Sipka (BJD)
1995: (96): Bira Sipka (Janata Dal)
1990: (96): Bharat Bhusan Bemal (Janata Dal)
1985: (96): Jugaram Behera (Congress)
1980: (96): Gajanan Nayak (Congress-I)
1977: (96): Gajanan Nayak (Congress)
1974: (96): Dayanidhi Naik (Swatantra Party)
1971: (90): Lochan Dhangada Majhi (Swatantra Party)
1967: (90): Lochan Dhangada Majhi (Swatantra Party)
1961: (38): Mukund Naik (Ganatantra Parishad)
1957: (28): Janardan Majhi (Ganatantra Parishad)
2019 Election Result
2014 election Result
Summary of results of the 2009 election
Notes
References
Assembly constituencies of Odisha
Kalahandi district
Remplingen Peak () is a peak, 2,650 m, at the north end of Langfloget Cliff in the Muhlig-Hofmann Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Remplingen (the calf).
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Stop the Music was an early Australian television series, which aired from 1956 to 1957 on Melbourne station HSV-7. The station began broadcasting on 4 November 1956, and Stop the Music debuted a few days later on the 7th, along with Eric and Mary. A music-based game show, Stop the Music was hosted by John Eden and also featured audience participation. The last air-date for the show was 24 April 1957, and the program was replaced the following week by the talent program Stairway to the Stars. It is not known if HSV-7 had equipment to make kinescope recordings during the run of the series (which was broadcast live), and the archival status of the series is unknown, with the series possibly being lost (though this is not confirmed).
References
External links
Musical game shows
Seven Network original programming
1956 Australian television series debuts
1957 Australian television series endings
1950s Australian game shows
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Australian live television series
Television game shows with incorrect disambiguation
A revetment in stream restoration, river engineering or coastal engineering is a facing of impact-resistant material (such as stone, concrete, sandbags, or wooden piles) applied to a bank or wall in order to absorb the energy of incoming water and protect it from erosion. River or coastal revetments are usually built to preserve the existing uses of the shoreline and to protect the slope. In military engineering it is a sloped structure formed to secure an area from artillery, bombing, or stored explosives.
Freshwater revetments
Many revetments are used to line the banks of freshwater rivers, lakes, and human-made reservoirs, especially to prevent damage during periods of floods or heavy seasonal rains (see riprap). Many materials may be used: wooden piles, loose-piled boulders or concrete shapes, or more solid banks.
Concrete revetments are the most common type of infrastructure used to control the Mississippi River. More than of concrete matting has been placed in river bends between Cairo, Illinois and the Gulf of Mexico to slow the natural erosion that would otherwise frequently change small parts of the river's course.
Revetments as coastal defence
Revetments are used as a low-cost solution for coastal erosion defense in areas where crashing waves may otherwise deplete the coastline.
Wooden revetments are made of planks laid against wooden frames so that they disrupt the force of the water. Although once popular, the use of wooden revetments has largely been replaced by modern concrete-based defense structures such as tetrapods. In the 1730s, wooden revetments protecting dikes in the Netherlands were phased out due to the spread of shipworm infestations.
Dynamic revetments use gravel or cobble-sized rocks to mimic a natural cobble beach for the purpose of reducing wave energy and stopping or slowing coastal erosion.
Unlike solid structures, dynamic revetments are designed to allow wave action to rearrange the stones into an equilibrium profile, disrupting wave action and dissipating wave energy as the cobbles move. This can reduce the wave reflection which often contributes to beach scouring.
Tetrapods
In coastal engineering, a tetrapod is a four-legged concrete structure used as armour unit on breakwaters. The tetrapod's shape is designed to dissipate the force of incoming waves by allowing water to flow around rather than against it, and to reduce displacement by allowing a random distribution of tetrapods to mutually interlock.
Fortifications
According to the U.S. National Park Service, and referring mostly to their employment in the American Civil War, a revetment is defined as a "retaining wall constructed to support the interior slope of a parapet. Made of logs, wood planks, fence rails, fascines, gabions, hurdles, sods, or stones, the revetment provided additional protection from enemy fire, and, most importantly, kept the interior slope nearly vertical. Stone revetments commonly survive. A few log revetments have been preserved due to high resin pine or cypress and porous sandy soils. After an entrenchment was abandoned, many log or rail revetments were scavenged for other uses, causing the interior slope to slump more quickly. An interior slope will appear more vertical if the parapet eroded with the revetment still in place."
See also
References
External links
Fortifications
Pisa Revetment
Gabion Revetment
River and levee management
EPA - River Bend Project
Levee and Revetment Routine Maintenance
US DOT - Design of Riprap Revetment
Architectural elements
Coastal construction
Coastal engineering
Riparian zone
Environmental engineering
Ecological restoration
Limnology
Fortification (architectural elements)
Rivers
Bowell is an English and Irish surname of Norman origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Edward L. G. Bowell (born 1943), American astronomer
George Bennett Bowell (1875–1942), British horologist
Horace Alexander William Bowell (1880–1957), English cricketer
Mackenzie Bowell (1823–1917), Canadian prime minister
Norman Bowell (1904–1943), English cricketer
See also
Bowell, Alberta
Bowel
Surnames of English origin
Surnames of Irish origin
Surnames of Norman origin
The National Liberal Party was a political party in Bermuda. It was established in 1985 as a breakaway from the Progressive Labour Party by a group of members opposed to the leadership of Lois Browne-Evans. Four sitting MPs left to join the party: Gilbert Darrell, Austin Thomas, Lionel Simmons and Walter Brangman, although Simmons later returned to the PLP.
The new party won two seats in the 1985 general elections with Thomas and leader Darrell retaining their seats. However, the party struggled thereafter, and failed to win seats in the elections in 1993, 1998 and 2003.
References
Political parties established in 1985
Defunct political parties in Bermuda
1985 establishments in Bermuda
Liberal parties in British Overseas Territories
Nikolai Vasilyevich Travin () was an officer in the Red Army. They served during the Russian Civil War, First World War, Soviet westward offensive of 1918-19, Winter War and most notably in the Second World War where they commanded units in the Defense of Leningrad today known as St. Petersberg.
Personal life
Born in the village of Baryshskaya Slaboda, Surskoye Raion, Kuibyshev Oblast little is known of Travin before their military service. They attended school in 1909 and secondary school in 1915. They married Yevgenia Nikolayevena Travina and had a son, Nikolai, and a daughter, Irina in 1921.
Career
In August 1918 at the age of 20, they joined the Imperial Army. During the (Russian Civil War, Travin was a machine gun team commander serving with the 96th (Omsk) regiment, 24th Pskov Infantry Division. As the dust of the Russian Civil War settled, Travin either by choice or change in unit loyalty became a member of the Red Army, taking part in the Soviet Westward Offensive in Latvia and Estonia. During this short time they held several positions, 37mm battery commander (northeastern front); Chief of the stock of rifles and machine guns (Tatar Brigade (eastern front); and Chief of signals and battalion adjutant for the 2nd Heavy artillery battalion.
They gained knowledge and experience in multiple commands and postings during the interwar years for the Soviet Union in 1920–1940. Chief of Signals for Artillery Brigade Headquarters, Eastern Front, May 1940; Adjutant Light artillery Battalion, December 1920; Head of School, Howitzer Battalion, reserve Brigade, February 1923; Chief of Signals, Independent Training Battalion, June 1921; Independent training battery, November 1921; Chief of reconnaissance and signals, 11th Heavy Artillery Battalion, January 1924; Battalion commander, 1st anti-aircraft artillery regiment, July 3, 1925; Battery commander, 4th artillery Brigade, October 1925; Temporary Battalion commander, March 1928; assistant battalion commander, August 1928, 82nd Independent Artillery Battalion, March 1928; student, Military economical course, January 1930.
In April 1930 Travin became Battalion commander of the 73rd independent Artillery Battalion, a unit which they would stay with for the next five years. Within this time frame they also held the position of Assistant battalion commander and chief of the air defense post, January 1931 – 1935 for the 73rd. At this time they also attended the Air defense Course, Leningrad, October 1930, Advanced anti-aircraft Artillery Officer training Course, March 1935, Dzerzhinsky Artillery Academy, March 1936; and Advanced Artillery Officer Training Course, July 1936.
In February 1937 Travin became Chief of Staff and in November of the same year Regimental Commander for the 180th Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment, 2nd Air Defense Corps.
On 30 November 1939, the Soviet Union launched an offensive against Finland, the Winter War, to regain territory lost in the chaos of the Russian Revolution. Travin participated offensive with the 180th Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment. On April 11, 1940, Travin was awarded the Medal for Combat Merit. The war with Finland would grind to a halt in March 1940 with the signing of the Moscow Peace Treaty.
On November 21 of 1940 Travin advanced to Commander of the Artillery, 3rd Air Defense Corps.
On 22 June 1941 Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union beginning what is known as the Eastern Front of World War II. by September Army Group North of the German Army had begun it's push on Leningrad, beginning the Siege of Leningrad. In July 1942 Travin became the temporary deputy commander of the Baku Air Defence Army defending the Baku oilfields from German air raids. They served with the Baku Air Defence Army until they were transferred to the Leningrad Air Defence Army as the Assistant army commander in October of the same year. On December 22, 1942, they were Awarded the Defense of Leningrad medal.
In July 1943 Travin was again moved to take command of the Ladoga air Defense District responsible for the defense of the Road of Life, a supply line critical to the encircled city of Leningrad. In March and May of that year they were Awarded the Order of the Red Banner for extraordinary heroism, dedication, and courage demonstrated on the battlefield and the (Order of the Red Star) for actions against the Finish in 1939-40 and against the Germans.
In July 1944 they were promoted to divisional commander of the 77th Division of the Anti-Air Defence Troops, during which they were awarded the medal for the Defense of the Caucasus (1 May 1944), and their second Order of the Red Banner (3 November 1944) for bravery and valor in accomplishing combat missions. They served in this role until March 1945 when they became the Commander of the Artillery for the Leningrad Air Defense Army.
February 21, 1945 Travin was awarded one of the Soviet Unions the highest awards, the Order of Lenin, for exemplary service to the state, on May 9 of the same year they received the Medal for the Victory over Germany and in November they were Awarded the Order of Kutuzov 2nd class for Outstanding military leadership against the German invaders.
After the end of World War 2 and the defeat of Nazi Germany, Travin was transferred to the 16th Special Air Defense Corps (October 1945) and held commands such as Acting Commander of the Artillery, Commander of Artillery (January 1946), Acting Deputy Corps commander April 1946, Deputy Corps Commander (July 1946), Corps Commander (August 1946).
In February 1948 they were awarded the Medal for 20th anniversary of the Red Army.
In June 1949 they received their 3rd Order of the Red Banner for long service to the state, and became Commander of the Artillery for the Leningrad Air Defense District.
In December 1949 they were at the 'disposal of the Minister of National Defense of the Polish Republic'. On January 8, 1950, they were admitted to the Polish Army with the rank of brigadier general. On January 23, 1950, they were appointed commander of the Organizational and Preparatory Group of the Air Defence Command. On March 21, 1950, they were appointed commander of the Anti-Aircraft Defence, and on July 12, 1951, the commander of the National Area Air Defence Forces, the predecessor to the Polish Air Defence Force. On November 13, 1952, they were dismissed from their post and sent back to the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. As the commander of the Air Defence Forces of Poland, they were replaced by Brigadier General Sergiusz Sazonow.
Their last appointment was as Assistant Commander, of the Air Defence Forces, Leningrad District on 17 December 1953. It is then reported that they became Deputy Commander for Air Defence Forces, Belomorsky Military District, from January 1955 to September 1956. It is reported that they died on 18 July 1964. They were 66 years old.
References
Further reading
External links
Soviet generals
Soviet Air Defence Force officers
1898 births
1964 deaths
Luis G. Cortes (; unknown – unknown) was a Spanish chess player, Catalan Chess Championship winner (1923).
Biography
In the 1920s Luis G. Cortes was one of the leading Spanish chess players. In 1923, they won Catalan Chess Championship.
Luis G. Cortes played for Spain in the Chess Olympiad:
In 1928, at second board in the 2nd Chess Olympiad in The Hague (+1, =5, -10).
References
External links
Luis G. Cortes chess games at 365chess.com
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Spanish chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
Marjorie Torrey Hood Chanslor (November 10, 1891 – September 1, 1964) was an American illustrator and writer of children's books. They also wrote two mystery novels for adults under the name Torrey Chanslor and published under the name Torrey Bevans. They were a runner-up for the annual American Library Association Caldecott Medal for children's picture book illustration, in both 1946 and 1947; Opal Wheeler wrote both books, Sing Mother Goose and Sing in Praise).
Personal life
Chanslor was born in Brooklyn in 1891 to William A. Hood (1860–1918) and Caroline Lincoln Torrey (1861–1949).
In 1911, they married Thomas Murray Bevans (1879–1953) in Jersey City, New Jersey. They were previously married to Anna Fessenden Bradley (1900). They had a son, Tom Torre Bevans (1912–2003), who renewed copyright to several of their books in the 1970s. Them son was married to Margaret Van Doren Bevans, also a writer and illustrator.
They married secondly screenwriter Roy Edwin Chanslor (1899–1964), who wrote The Menace. In April 1935, they were fined $1,450 () for throwing a cocktail at screenwriter Lon Young at a New Year's Eve party at the Cafe Trocadero nightclub in Los Angeles.
They died on September 1, 1964 in Manhattan, at age 72. There was no service, per their request.
Books
Sarah's idea (1938), illustrator
Our First Murder (Frederick A. Stokes, 1940) – mystery fiction for adults, featuring the Beagle Sisters,
Our Second Murder (Stokes, 1941),
Penny (1944)
Artie and the Princess (1945)
Three Little Chipmunks (1947)
The Merriweathers (1949)
New star of the show (1949), illustrator
Alice in Wonderland (1955), illustrator
Far from Marlborough Street
Trouble for Jerry Doris Gages, illustrator
Saturday Night is My Delight
Sing Mother Goose, written by Opal Wheeler (E. P. Dutton, 1945)
Sing in Praise: a collection of the best loved hymns, by Opal Wheeler (Dutton, 1946)
Abide with Me, illustrator
Hoodoo that Voodoo, illustrator
Songs to sing with the very young, by Phyllis Brown Ohanian (1966)
Peter Pan (Random House, Inc. 1957), illustrator,
References
External links
ALSC
1891 births
1964 deaths
American children's book illustrators
American mystery novelists
American women novelists
American children's writers
American women children's writers
American women illustrators
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
Women mystery writers
Writers from Brooklyn
Novelists from New York (state)
Martin Gordon DeMerritt (born March 4, 1953) is an American professional baseball coach and a former minor league pitcher. In , they spent their sixth straight season as the pitching coach of the Rookie-level GCL Rays of the Gulf Coast League. They served two different terms in Major League Baseball as a coach for the San Francisco Giants (1989) and Chicago Cubs (1999).
Born in San Francisco, DeMerritt graduated from South San Francisco High School and was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 22nd round of the 1971 Major League Baseball draft. The right-hander was listed at tall and . Their active career, plagued by a sore arm, lasted six seasons (1971; 1973–77) in the Cardinals, Milwaukee Brewers and Houston Astros organizations, peaking at the Double-A level. Out of professional baseball at age 25, they worked in construction and as a bounty-hunter in California. They also coached in youth baseball in the San Francisco Bay area. In the early 1980s they were hired as a minor league pitching coach by their hometown Giants, and spent a brief period as a staff assistant with the MLB club in 1989, but eventually became the major league pitching coach for the Giants in 1989. They also coached in South Korea and in winter ball in Venezuela. DeMerritt was the first American to serve as a pitching coach in Korea.
They joined the Florida Marlins expansion team in 1992 as a pitching coach for their minor-league affiliates between 1992–94, before moving to the Cubs as a minor league coach (1995–98, including two years in Triple-A). They were the pitching coach of the MLB Cubs in on the staff of manager Jim Riggleman, but the Cubbies struggled to a 67–95 record with the pitching staff's 5.27 earned run average ranking 15th among the National League's 16 teams.
In 2001, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays hired DeMerritt as a pitching coach at the Class A level, and they have remained in the Rays' system since, working with pitchers at the lower levels of the minors for 18 seasons.
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
People from South San Francisco, California
Baseball players from San Francisco
Burlington Bees players
Chicago Cubs coaches
Columbus Astros players
Danville Warriors players
Dubuque Packers players
Gulf Coast Cardinals players
Major League Baseball pitching coaches
Minor league baseball coaches
San Francisco Giants coaches
Tri-City Triplets players
American expatriate baseball people in South Korea
American expatriates in Venezuela
The 1983 South African motorcycle Grand Prix was the first round of the FIM 1983 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on the weekend of 18–19 March 1983 at the Kyalami circuit which, has an elevation of 6,000 feet above sea level. It was the first Grand Prix motorcycle race held on the African continent. Because of the cost of flying Grand Prix teams and their equipment to South Africa, organizers were allowed to run just two classes rather than the three normally required by the FIM.
Summary
Qualifying
Qualifying was led by Honda's Freddie Spencer with Eddie Lawson, Takazumi Katayama, Kenny Roberts, Ron Haslam, Marco Lucchinelli and Franco Uncini filling out the front row of the starting grid.
Race
The race started with the four factory-backed Hondas leading the field with Spencer out in front. Suzuki's Randy Mamola was in fifth with Roberts closing in on the leaders. Despite an overheating motorcycle, Roberts managed to secure second place on the ninth lap when they passed Haslam but, by then Spencer had built a 10 second lead. Roberts was able to close the gap to 5 seconds but, their overheating engine prevented them from gaining any further time and they had to settle for second place behind race winner Spencer. Haslam battled Yamaha's Marc Fontan to secure third place. Katayama had made a poor tire choice and when they tried to increase their pace late in the race, they crashed while trying to pass Jon Ekerold's Cagiva. Katayama's crash promoted Mamola to fifth place.
Jean-François Baldé led teammate Didier de Radiguès across the finish line to post an impressive one-two finish in the 250cc race for Alain Chevallier's privateer Yamaha team.
Classification
500 cc
References
South African motorcycle Grand Prix
South African
Motorcycle Grand Prix
March 1983 sports events in Africa
Tabor House may refer to:
in Israel
Tabor House (Jerusalem)
in the United States
Tabor House (Leadville, Colorado), in National Historic Landmark Leadville Historic District
Pratt-Tabor House, Red Wing, MN, listed on the NRHP in Minnesota
Dr. Joseph A. Tabor House, Pascagoula, MS, listed on the NRHP in Mississippi
Tabor-Wing House, Dover Plains, NY, listed on the NRHP in New York
Tabor House (Checotah, Oklahoma), listed on the NRHP in Oklahoma
Tabor Home for Needy and Destitute Children, Doylestown, PA, listed on the NRHP in Pennsylvania
Sir Charles Prestwood Lucas (7 August 1853 – 7 May 1931) was a British civil servant and historian.
Lucas was born at Crickhowell, Brecknockshire, Wales, the youngest son in a large family. They were the grandson of Dr. Henry John Lucas (1773–1840) and Jenetta Illtyds (1776–1821) and son of physician Henry Lucas and Elizabeth Bevan. Their sister Mary Anne Lucas married the first Sir Joseph Bailey, later Lord Glanusk. Lucas was educated at Winchester College and Balliol College, Oxford, graduating B.A. in 1884.
Lucas was called to the bar, Lincoln's Inn, on 30 April 1885. They became a civil servant in the Colonial Office which led to theirs becoming head of the Dominion Department and, in 1907, to their knighthood.
In connection with their role as Assistant Under-Secretary for the Colonies, in 1909 they were appointed Registrar of the Order of St Michael and St George. They held this office until 1911 when they ceased to be a member of the Colonial Office.
In the 1880s they were invited to teach at The Working Men's College. From 1897–1903 they became Vice Principal of the College, and from 1912–1922 the Principal. In 1920, they became the President of the Geographical Association.
They wrote A Historical Geography Of The British Colonies (1908), A History of Canada: 1763–1812 (1909); Greater Rome and Greater Britain (1912); The Canadian War of 1812 (1912); and The Partition (Clarendon Press 1922).
Honours
1901 New Year Honours: Companion of the Order of the Bath, CB
9 November 1907: Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George, KCMG
1912 New Year Honours: Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath, KCB
References
External links
1853 births
1931 deaths
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
People educated at Winchester College
Welsh civil servants
20th-century Welsh historians
Cusseta is an unincorporated community in Cass County, Texas, 11.5 miles from Linden. It is named after Cusseta, Alabama. A post office was established there in 1856. In 2000, the population was 30.
References
Unincorporated communities in Cass County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Károly Knezić (; 6 September 1808, Veliki Grđevac - 6 October 1849, Arad) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army. On their father's side they had Croatian roots, while their mother was a Hungarian. They were executed for their part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad.
Family
Their father was of Croatian descent but in service to the Austrian border guard as an officer near Knezic. Their mother, Borbála Benkő, was of Hungarian-Serbian descent, related to Mihajlo Latas, a Serb military officer in the Austrian Empire who later escaped and became known as the Turkish general Omar Pasha.
Life
They graduated from a military academy and had a quiet early career. Sometime around 1842 they were engaged to Katalin Kapitány (†1853), the daughter of the senator of Eger, Mihály Kapitány. They were married in June 1844 in the Cathedral of Eger - this time Knezić was a commanding captain. They had two daughters:
Irén (Eger, July 1847 - Eger, August 1882), married to Sándor Gröber
Olga (Eger, July 1845 - Miskolc, May 1898), married to József Gröber
Military career
After the Revolution of March 1848, they volunteered their service in the Hungarian army. They first commanded a battalion of miners in the campaign against the Slovak national movement. They next participated in the campaign against the Serbs and in February 1849 campaigned in the region of Törökszentmiklós.
At the battle of Tápióbicske Tápió they occupied and held onto a bridge of strategic importance, and again distinguished themselves in the trenches at the Battle of Komárom. They also participated in the Battle of Isaszeg and also the Battle of Nagysalló.
Due to their military success and distinction they quickly rose through the ranks and was promoted to major general after János Damjanich suffered a leg fracture and had to relinquish command as the third Corps Commander, and after this appointment took part in an important siege.
After the battle of Pered, when Artúr Görgei was removed from command and Lajos Kossuth was appointed corps commander of the Upper Tisza army, Knezić then served in the Ministry of Defence. Kossuth gave Knezić a post as governor of Transylvania, but the deterioration of the military situation led to a rather rapid collapse of leadership.
Death
After the army laid down their weapons and surrendered to the Russians, he, along with the other prisoners, was handed over to the Austrian military and entered the Arad prison. Their wife initially attended to them diligently, but with the harvest approaching, Knezićné ordered them in September to return home. They said goodbye to their husband and left them there.
The Austrians held a court martial for all the leaders of the Hungarian army. They were sentenced to death by hanging, and was eighth in the line to be executed (fourth among those executed by hanging).
Their bones were uncovered in 1932 during the flood of Arad. Their body currently rests in the Arad cemetery crypt.
References
1808 births
1849 deaths
People from Veliki Grđevac
19th-century Croatian people
Hungarian people of Croatian descent
Hungarian people of Serbian descent
Executed Hungarian people
Executed Croatian people
19th-century Croatian military personnel
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
The 1831 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on March 8, 1831.
Incumbent Democratic Governor Matthew Harvey resigned on February 28, 1831 to take up a seat on the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire. President of the New Hampshire Senate Joseph M. Harper served as acting Governor for the remainder of Harvey's term.
Democratic nominee Samuel Dinsmoor defeated National Republican nominee Ichabod Bartlett with 55.57% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Ichabod Bartlett, National Republican, member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
Samuel Dinsmoor, Democratic, judge of probate of Cheshire County, former U.S. Representative, unsuccessful candidate for Governor in 1823
Results
References
Notes
1831
New Hampshire
Gubernatorial
Selmar Aschheim (4 October 1878 – 15 February 1965) was a German gynecologist who was a native resident of Berlin.
Born into a Jewish family, in 1902 they received a doctorate of medicine in Freiburg, and later became director of the laboratory of the Universitäts-Frauenklinik at the Berlin Charité. In 1930 Aschheim attained the chair of biological research in gynecology at the University of Berlin. In 1933 they fled Nazi Germany and moved to Paris, where they worked in medical research at the Hôpital Beaujon.
Aschheim was a specialist concerning gynecological histology and hormone research. In 1928 with endocrinologist Bernhard Zondek (1891–1966), they isolated the gonadotropic hormone known as human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), which was discovered in the urine of pregnant women. From their research the "Aschheim-Zondek test" for pregnancy was created, which involved injection of a patient's urine into an immature laboratory mouse. If the rodent displayed an estrous reaction, it represented a positive indication of pregnancy.
The two doctors published the findings of the hormone in a treatise titled Das Hormon des Hypophysenvorderlappens. At the time they believed that the gonadotrophin was produced by the anterior pituitary, however further research in the 1940s demonstrated that the placenta was responsible for the elaboration of the hormone.
References
External links
Historical perspectives in gonadotrophin therapy by Bruno Lunenfeld
Selmar Ascheim @ Who Named It
1878 births
1965 deaths
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to France
German gynaecologists
University of Freiburg alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Members of the German Academy of Sciences at Berlin
Physicians of the Charité
East Sister Island or Takoa-te is a small uninhabited island in the Andaman Archipelago, at the northern side of the Duncan Passage, about 6 km southeast of Passage Island and 18 km north of North Brother.
The island is roughly rectangular, around 750 m long in the NE-SW direction and 550 m wide, and is mostly covered by forest; it has a beach on the NW side and a rocky shore on the three other sides. Its highest point is 76 m above sea level.
East Sister and the smaller West Sister, located about 250 m to the southwest, comprise the group called The Sisters. It belongs to the Andaman and Nicobar Islands Territory of India.
References
Islands of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Uninhabited islands of India
İğmir, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Rev. Henry Lawrence Hitchcock (October 31, 1813 – July 6, 1873) was an American minister and the third President of Western Reserve College, now Case Western Reserve University. They were mayor of the village of Hudson, Ohio in 1861.
Biography
Hitchcock was born in Burton, Geauga County, Ohio, October 31, 1813. Their father, Hon. Peter Hitchcock, a native of Cheshire, Conn., was a member of the US Congress and Chief Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court. Their mother was Nabby, daughter of Elam Cook, of Cheshire.
They graduated from Yale College in 1832. On their graduation they returned home and for two years had charge of the Burton Academy, at which they had been prepared for college. They remained in town a year longer, engaged partly in teaching privately, and partly in studying theology. In the autumn of 1835 they entered Lane Theological Seminary, then under the care of Dr. Lyman Beecher, where they spent two years. In 1837 they were licensed to preach, in Burton, and during the same year was ordained pastor of the Congregational Church in Morgan, Ashtabula County, where they labored for two and a half years. In 1840 they were called to Columbus to take charge of the Second Presbyterian Church, then recently formed. Here they continued, and with remarkable success, until elected President of Western Reserve College, May 31, 1855. They found the college in a languishing condition, and by their untiring energy relieved it of debt and placed it on a firmer foundation. Besides their duties of President, they were the College Pastor, and instructed in the department of Natural Theology and the Evidences of Christianity. Hitchcock also served as mayor of the village of Hudson, Ohio in 1861. Under this burden of labor, their health declined, and they spent the winter of 1867 in Europe, remaining abroad until June. For three years longer they continued at the head of the college, and then insisted on retiring, retaining only the duties of pastor and professor. Notably, they brought on chemist Edward Morley as a professor. Hitchcock died at Hudson, after two weeks' illness, of typhoid fever, July 6, 1873, in the sixtieth year of their age.
Hitchcock served as president of Western Reserve from 1855 to 1871, where they most notably pulled the institution out of debt. Hitchcock was also the Professor of Christian Theology from 1855 to 1873, teaching until their death in 1873 of typhoid. They received the degree of Doctor of Divinity from Williams College in 1855.
President Hitchcock was married in December 1837, to Miss Clarissa Maria Ford, daughter of Stephen Ford, of Burton, Ohio. They had eleven children, of whom five, with their mother, survived him. Their daughter Sarah Melissa Hitchcock married Thomas Day Seymour. Two of their sons were graduates of Western Reserve College in 1859; the eldest of whom was a clergyman, and the younger was killed at the battle of Stone River, in Tennessee, December 31, 1862.
Hitchcock married Clarissa Ford. Together they had eleven children; four of which were graduates of Western Reserve College.
They died at their home in Hudson, Ohio on July 6, 1873.
References
External links
Case Western Reserve University bio
1813 births
1873 deaths
Case Western Reserve University faculty
People from Geauga County, Ohio
Yale College alumni
Lane Theological Seminary alumni
American Congregationalist ministers
Presidents of Case Western Reserve University
19th-century American clergy
Champagne is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Albert Champagne (1866–1937), Canadian rancher, hotel-owner and political figure
Andre Champagne (born 1943), Canadian ice hockey player
Andrée Champagne (1939–2020), Canadian actor, pianist and politician
Charles Champagne (disambiguation), multiple people
Claude Champagne (1891–1965), Canadian composer
Claudette Champagne, Canadian social activist
Connie Champagne (born 1959 as Kelly Kay Brock), American singer, songwriter and actor
David B. Champagne (1932–1952), American navy corporal and Medal of Honor recipient
Frances Champagne, Canadian neuroscientist
François-Philippe Champagne (born 1970), Canadian politician
Jean-François Champagne (1751–1813), French scholar
Jérôme Champagne (born 1958), French diplomat
Keith Champagne (born 1970), American comic artist
Kenneth Champagne, Canadian judge
Louis Champagne, Canadian talk radio personality
Louis Napoléon Champagne (1860–1911), Canadian lawyer, judge and politician
Michel Champagne (born 1956), Canadian politician and business person
Napoléon Champagne (1861–1925), Canadian politician
Nereo Champagne (born 1985), Argentine football goalkeeper
Noëlla Champagne (born 1944), Canadian politician
Peter B. Champagne (1845–1891), American politician
Ronald Champagne (born 1942), American higher education administrator
Salvatore Champagne, American operatic tenor
See also
Champagne (disambiguation)
French-language surnames
Erigeron tenuis is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name slender-leaf fleabane. It is native to the south-central part of the United States from central Texas to the Florida Panhandle, north as far as Missouri and Kansas.
Erigeron tenuis grows in pastures and open woodlands as well as on roadsides and in fence rows. It is an biennial or perennial herb up to 45 centimeters (17 inches) tall, producing unbranched underground caudex. Leaves are narrowly oblanceolate, up to 13 cm (2.5 inches) long. The inflorescence is made up of 1-60 flower heads per stem, in a loose array. Each head contains 60–120 blue, white or pale lavender ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in Missouri in 1992
tenuis
Flora of the United States
Plants described in 1841
In mathematics, the degree of a differential equation is the power of its highest derivative, after the equation has been made rational and integral in all of its derivatives.
References
Differential equations
The Henderson-Stewart Baronetcy, of Callumshill in the County of Perth, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 28 March 1957 for James Henderson-Stewart, Member of Parliament for East Fife from 1933 to 1961 and Joint Under-Secretary of State for Scotland from 1952 to 1957. As of 2010, the title is held by their son, the second Baronet, who succeeded in 1961.
Henderson-Stewart baronets, of Callumshill (1957)
Sir James Henderson-Stewart, 1st Baronet (1897–1961)
Sir David James Henderson-Stewart, 2nd Baronet (born 1941)
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Henderson-Stewart
Morris Hicky Morgan (February 8, 1859 in Providence, Rhode Island–1910) was professor of classical philology at Harvard University.
Although they did not receive a classical schooling in the Harvard Graduate School, Morgan was immediately after their graduation appointed to the teaching staff. After the death of Frederic D. Allen in 1899 they succeeded to the chair of classical philology. They were praised by their fellow classicists as an interpreter of Vitruvius. Their translation of Vitruvius's The Ten Books of Architecture, based on an older translation by Valentine Rose (second edition, Leipzig, 1899), remains in print today, though they died before completing it, the final parts being translated by Albert A. Howard. In a note to a 2009 English edition, translator Richard Schofield writes that Morgan's translation "is certainly the best in English and deserves its longevity... and I doubt if their dignified and intelligent prose could be surpassed, even though here and there it is faintly dated."
In 1896 they were appointed Harvard University Marshall.
Morgan fell seriously ill on March 15, 1910 while on a trip to New York, and died soon after.
Notes
References
Prof. M.H. Morgan Critically Ill, in The New York Times (March 16, 1910), p. 9.
, Morris Hicky Morgan: 1859-1910, in Classical Philology 5 (1910), p. 357.
, A Short History of Classical Scholarship from the Sixth Century BC to the Present Day, Cambridge, 1915, p. 425.
External links
American classical scholars
Classical scholars of Harvard University
1859 births
1910 deaths
Scholars of ancient Greek literature
Classical philologists
This is a list of notable artists from, or associated with, Algeria.
A
Abderrahmane Abdelli (born 1958)
Adel Abdessemed (born 1971)
B
Baya (1931–1998)
Souhila Belbahar (born 1934)
Nadia Benbouta (born 1970)
Zohra Bensemra (born 1968)
Ahmed Benyahia (born 1943)
Racim Benyahia (born 1987)
Samta Benyahia (born 1950)
Zaida Ben-Yusuf (1869–1933)
Zoulikha Bouabdellah (born 1977)
Boualem Boukacem (born 1957)
Mohamed Boumerdassi (1936–2010)
F
Omar Fetmouche (born 1955)
H
Abdelkhader Houamel (1936–2018)
I
M'hamed Issiakhem (1928–1985)
K
Mohammed Khadda (1930–1991)
Rachid Koraïchi (born 1947)
M
Cherif Merzouki (1951–1991)
Rachid Mouffouk (born 1955)
N
Houria Niati (born 1948)
O
Driss Ouadahi (born 1959)
R
Mohammed Racim (1896–1975)
Omar Racim (1884–1959)
T
Mohamed Temam (1915–1988)
Y
Bachir Yellès (1921–2022)
Z
Rezki Zerarti (born 1938)
Hocine Ziani (born 1953)
Amina Zoubir (born 1983)
References
Algeria
Artists
Margaret Jessee Warren (Sacramento, California, 9 November 1921 – St. Helena, California, 27 July 2001) was an American tennis player and a Napa Valley vintner.
In 1938, Jessee won the National 18 and Under doubles title and reached the final in singles, and reached the singles final at Cincinnati, before falling to Virginia Hollinger, 6–2, 6–3. They also won two California State singles titles and two State doubles titles during their career.
Jessee graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1943 and married James Cleveland Warren, the oldest son of then-California Governor Earl Warren and later Supreme Court justice. In 1989, their children established a tennis scholarship in their name at UC Berkeley.
References
Obituary
Reference: From Club Court to Center Court by Phillip S. Smith (2007 edition, page 282)
1921 births
2001 deaths
American female tennis players
American winemakers
California Golden Bears women's tennis players
Tennis people from California
University of California, Berkeley alumni
20th-century American women
San Pietro a Maida (Calabrian: ) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography
The town is bordered by Curinga, Jacurso, Lamezia Terme and Maida.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Mima Mounds Natural Area Preserve is a state-protected Natural Area in southwest Washington state, United States. The preserve includes some of the Washington mima mounds, the origin of which still is not fully understood. The site comprises of Garry oak woodland, oak savanna, and prairie grasslands. Several state and federal endangered species of butterfly depending on the unique prairie conditions can be found in the preserve, including Mardon skipper, zerene fritillary, Puget blue and Taylor's checkerspot.
In 1966, the mima mounds were designated a National Natural Landmark.
See also
Rocky Prairie
References
External links
Protected areas of Thurston County, Washington
Washington Natural Areas Program
National Natural Landmarks in Washington (state)
Landforms of Thurston County, Washington
Protected areas established in 1976
1976 establishments in Washington (state)
Aadhyathe Katha is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by K. S. R. Moorthy. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Sujatha and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. K. Arjunan.
It is the debut movie of Janardanan
Cast
Prem Nazir as Soman
Vijayasree as Rajakumari
Sujatha as Nalini
Jayabharathi (guest appearance) as ghost of Brahmin lady
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Ammukuttyamma
Bahadoor as Kuttan Pillai
Sreelatha Namboothiri as Leelamma
Sreemoolanagaram Vijayan as Naanu Ammavan
Sankaradi as Appu Pillai
Adoor Pankajam as Appu Pillai's wife
N. Govindankutty as Pankajakshan Pillai (a.k.a. Inquilab Pankan)
Alummoodan as Padmanabhan Pillai
Sarasamma as Kochukarthyayani
Jameela Malik as Padmini
Janardanan as Mohan
Khadeeja as Kunjulakshmi teacher
Jaya Gopalan as Sulochana
Master Vijayakumar as Bhaskaran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Otto Ciliax (30 October 1891 – 12 December 1964) was a German naval officer who served in the navies of the German Empire, the Weimar Republic and Nazi Germany. As an admiral during World War II, they commanded the German battleships. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Early life and career
Ciliax was born on 30 October 1891 in Neudietendorf, at the time part of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. They joined the military service of the Imperial German Navy on 1 April 1910 as a Seekadett of "Crew 1910" (the incoming class of 1910). They started their first naval infantry training course with the sea cadet detachment on on 7 April 1910. Onboard training on Victory Louise began on 13 May before they were transferred to the Naval Academy Mürwik on 1 April 1911 for the main cadet and officer course. Afterwards, starting on 1 October 1912 they served on the battleship and was promoted to Leutnant zur See (acting sub-lieutenant/ensign) on 27 September 1913.
World War I
Ciliax was still serving on Hannover when World War I broke out on 28 July 1914. They were a watch officer on when it sank the cruiser on 19 August 1916. After completing submarine commander's training, they were given in June 1918 and in September that year.
Between the wars
They remained with the Reichsmarine after the German collapse of 1918, serving as torpedo boat commander and staff officer, heading the operations department (Operationsabteilung) of the Naval High Command (Oberkommando der Marine) in 1936. In 1936 they were given command of the (22 September 1936 – 30 October 1938) and served as the Commander of the Sea-Force () from 22 March 1938 to 26 June 1938 during the Spanish Civil War. They commanded the when war broke out in September 1939.
World War II
In June 1941 they became Type Commander, Battleships (Befehlshaber der Schlachtschiffe). In this position they commanded Operation Cerberus, better known as "the Channel Dash", when German battleships Scharnhorst and Gneisenau and the heavy cruiser Prinz Eugen and a number of other smaller vessels were transferred from Brest to their respective home bases in Germany for planned deployment to Norwegian waters in February 1942. Ciliax flew their flag on Scharnhorst. Although the success of the operation was seen as an embarrassment to the British because the ships were able to pass through the English Channel almost undetected (though both Scharnhorst and Gneisenau struck a minefield en route), the transfer from Brest to Germany eliminated the threat they had posed to Allied shipping in the Atlantic. From March 1943 until April 1945 Ciliax was Commander-in-Chief of German naval forces in Norway (Marinekommando Norwegen).
Awards
Iron Cross (1914)
2nd Class (13 June 1916)
1st Class (6 November 1916)
Knight's Cross Second Class of the Ducal Saxe-Ernestine House Order with Swords
Military Merit Cross 3rd class with war decoration (Austria-Hungary)
U-boat War Badge (1918)
Wehrmacht Long Service Award 4th to 1st Class (2 October 1936)
Spanish Cross in Gold with Swords (6 June 1939)
Clasp to the Iron Cross (1939)
2nd Class (January 1940)
1st Class (April 1940)
Commander's Cross of the Order of the Crown of Italy (11 March 1941)
Medal for the Campaign of 1936−1939 (Spain)
German Cross in Gold on 20 November 1941 as Vizeadmiral and commander of the battleships
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 21 March 1942 as Vizeadmiral and commander of the battleships
High Seas Fleet Badge (1941)
Promotions
Translation notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
1891 births
1964 deaths
People from Gotha (district)
People from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
U-boat commanders (Imperial German Navy)
Admirals of the Kriegsmarine
German military personnel of the Spanish Civil War
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Imperial German Navy personnel of World War I
Military personnel from Thuringia
Luke Greenbank (born 17 September 1997) is an English professional swimmer who specialises in backstroke. A medalist in the 200 metre backstroke at the Olympic Games and the World and European championships, they also swam the first leg in the 2019 World and 2020 European Championship gold medal-winning Great Britain medley relay teams. They won a silver medal as lead-off for Great Britain in the 4 x 100 metre medley relay for men at the 2020 Summer Olympics. They won a gold medal as lead-off for England in the heats of the 4 x 100 metre medley relay for men at the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
Greenbank has won gold medals as part of the 4 × 100 m Men's Medley Relay at the European, World Championships and Commonwealth Games. They won two gold medals in (200 m, 100 m backstroke) and breaking a new Junior World record in 200 m backstroke at the 2015 European Games, which doubled that yea as the European Junior Swimming Championships. Greenbank has the unusual distinction of having won medals at the Commonwealth Games, European Championships, World Championships, European Games and Olympic Games, as well as a full set of junior medals (Youth Olympics, World Juniors and European Juniors).
Career
In 2014, at the 2014 European Junior Championships, Greenbank won gold medal in 200 m backstroke. They then competed at the 2014 Youth Olympics in Nanjing taking bronze in 200 m backstroke and gold in 4 × 100 m freestyle (with Duncan Scott, Miles Munro, Martyn Walton).
In June 2015, Greenbank competed at the inaugural 2015 European Games in Baku, They won 2 gold medals in (200 m, 100 m backstroke) and breaking a new Junior World record in 200 m backstroke at the 2015 European Games clocking in 1:56.89. They also took silver medals in 4 × 100 m medley (with Duncan Scott, Charlie Attwood, Charlie Attwood) and in 4 × 100 m mixed medley.
On August 25–30, Greenbank won bronze in men's 100 backstroke at the 2015 World Junior Championships held in Singapore.
2018–2019
At the 2018 Commonwealth Games held at the Gold Coast, Australia, Greenbank won a silver in the 4 × 100 m medley with Adam Peaty, James Guy and Ben Proud.
Greenbank won their first World Championships medal at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships held in Gwangju, South Korea. They finished third in the men's 200m backstroke, setting a personal best time. They were part of the team in the men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay together with Adam Peaty, James Guy and Duncan Scott. They started the race in the backstroke leg, and the team finished in a European record time of three minutes, 28.10 seconds to beat the United States, and won their first gold medal in the event in the World Championships.
Greenbank was one of the 2019 individual world championship medal-winners who were pre-selected for the postponed 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
2021–2022
At the 2020 European Championships held in Budapest in May 2021, Greenbank won a silver in 200 metre backstroke, as well as a gold in the men's 4 x 100 m medley relay with Peaty, Guy and Scott.
2022 World Championships
In June 2022, at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships, they won the silver medal in the 200 metre backstroke with a time of 1:55.16, finishing less than seven-tenths of a second behind gold medalist Ryan Murphy of the United States and less than two-tenths of a second ahead of bronze medalist Shaine Casas of the United States. They also won a bronze medal in the 4×100 metre medley relay, splitting a 53.81 to contribute to the final time of 3:31.31.
2022 Commonwealth Games
The first day of swimming competition at the 2022 Commonwealth Games, Greenbank qualified for the semifinals of the 100 metre backstroke, ranking fourth in the preliminaries with a time of 54.55 seconds. In the semifinals later in the day, they swam a 54.23 to qualify for the final ranking fifth. On day two, they placed fifth in the final with a time of 54.29 seconds, finishing 0.51 seconds behind gold medalist Pieter Coetze of South Africa. Three days later, they ranked as the overall fastest swimmer in the preliminaries of the 200 metre backstroke with a time of 1:56.33 and qualified for the final. They placed fifth in the final with a time of 1:56.98. On day six of six, they swam the backstroke leg of the 4×100 metre medley relay in 54.28 seconds in the preliminaries, helping qualify the relay to the final ranking second in 3:35.88. In the final, Brodie Williams substituted in for them and they won a gold medal for their efforts in the prelims when the finals relay placed first in 3:31.80.
2022 European Championships
A little over one week later, at the 2022 European Aquatics Championships held in Rome, Greenbank ranked fourth in the prelims heats of the 200 metre backstroke with a time of 1:57.81 and qualified for the evening semifinals. They swam a 1:57.07 in the semifinals, qualifying for the final ranking third. In the final, they won the bronze medal with a time of 1:56.15, finishing 0.53 seconds behind gold medalist Yohann Ndoye-Brouard of France. Five days later, on the final day of swimming competition, they helped placed fourth in the 4×100 metre medley relay, splitting a 54.28 for the backstroke leg of the relay to contribute to the final time of 3:33.60 and finishing 0.32 seconds behind the team from Austria that won the bronze medal.
References
External links
Luke Greenbank at The-Sports.org
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Crewe
British male swimmers
Male backstroke swimmers
Male medley swimmers
Swimmers at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in swimming
European Games gold medalists for Great Britain
European Games silver medalists for Great Britain
Swimmers at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Swimmers at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Great Britain
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medallists for Great Britain
Olympic bronze medallists for Great Britain
Olympic silver medalists in swimming
Olympic bronze medalists in swimming
This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1981 and 1986, following the direct elections of 1981.
In 1984, the German Cultural Community changed into the German-speaking Community, with more autonomy, including an own government.
Composition
Sources
List
1980s in Belgium
The following is a list of international bilateral treaties between Argentina and Australia
Early treaties were extended to Australia by the British Empire, however they are still generally in force.
References
Treaties of Australia
Treaties of Argentina
Linda Joy Svoboda Allen is an American mathematician and mathematical biologist, the Paul Whitfield Horn Professor of Mathematics and Statistics at Texas Tech University.
Education and career
Allen earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1975 from the College of St. Scholastica, and a master's degree in 1978 and doctorate in 1978 from the University of Tennessee. Them dissertation, Applications of Differential Inequalities to Persistence and Extinction Problems for Reaction-Diffusion Systems, was supervised by Thomas G. Hallam.
After working as a visiting assistant professor at the University of Tennessee, they joined the faculty of the University of North Carolina at Asheville in 1982, and then moved to Texas Tech in 1985.
Books
Allen is the author of three books:
An Introduction to Stochastic Processes with Applications to Biology (Pearson, 2003; 2nd ed., 2011)
An Introduction to Mathematical Biology (Prentice Hall, 2007)
Stochastic Population and Epidemic Models: Persistence and Extinction (Springer, 2015).
Recognition
In 2015 the Association for Women in Mathematics and Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM) honored them as their AWM-SIAM Sonia Kovalevsky Lecturer "for outstanding contributions in ordinary differential equations, difference equations and stochastic models, with significant applications in the areas of infectious diseases and ecology". In 2016 they became a SIAM Fellow.
References
External links
Home page
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
American women mathematicians
College of St. Scholastica alumni
University of Tennessee alumni
University of North Carolina at Asheville faculty
Texas Tech University faculty
Fellows of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
20th-century women mathematicians
21st-century women mathematicians
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Hennadiy Mykolayovych Sushko (; born 28 January 1970) is a Ukrainian football coach and a former player.
References
1970 births
People from Popasna
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC Shakhtar Stakhanov players
FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk players
Ukrainian footballers
FC Mariupol players
Ukrainian Premier League players
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
FC Zorya Luhansk players
FC Shakhtar Sverdlovsk players
Ukrainian football managers
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Luhansk Oblast
Fabián Andrés Rinaudo (born 15 May 1987 in Armstrong, Santa Fe) is an Argentinian footballer who plays as a midfielder. Rinaudo also holds an Italian passport, and sometimes plays with their nickname, Fito, on their shirt.
Club career
Gimnasia La Plata
They made their league debut for Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata in a 0–0 draw against River Plate on 5 October 2008. In the 2009-10 season they were awarded the prize for best player in the Torneo Apertura and second-best for the Torneo Clausura. They played 100 games for Gimnasia, their last one being a 1–1 draw against San Martín de San Juan, result that relegated Gimnasia to the Primera B Nacional.
Sporting Clube de Portugal
On 3 July 2011, Fito Rinaudo joined Portuguese club Sporting Clube de Portugal for an undisclosed fee, signing a four-year contract with a €25M minimum fee release clause. Sporting signed them in a leverage deal as the club later sold 15% economic rights to Sporting Portugal Fund for €525,000 and another 50% to Quality Sports Investments for €1.1 million. The club retained 35% economic rights on future transfer fee.
After Sporing sold the registration rights of Rinaudo to Catania, Sporting also paid €480,000 to Sporting Portugal Fund.
Calcio Catania
On 10 January 2014, they were loaned to Calcio Catania and made the move permanent later in July 2014 in a 3-year contract, for €1.6 million fee plus bonuses. Sporting would also receive 50% of the future transfer fee if Catania sold the player.
On 17 August 2015, Rinaudo was loaned back to Argentina for Gimnasia. The loan was renewed on 8 August 2016.
International career
On 20 May 2009, Rinaudo made their international debut in a friendly match against Panama. The Argentine team, made up of players based in the Primera División Argentina won the game 3–1.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentina international footballers
Association football defenders
Argentine Primera División players
Primeira Liga players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata footballers
Sporting CP footballers
Catania S.S.D. players
Rosario Central footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
Darwin and Their Great Discovery is a science book for young adults by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, first published by Macmillan in 1972.
Content
The work is an examination of naturalist Charles Darwin and the theory of evolution they proposed and marshaled evidence for in The Origin of Species. A brief account of their visit to the Galápagos Islands brings up the issue of human origins, leading into a discussion of early theories on the formation and age of the earth and evolution. A biographical sketch of Darwin follows, covering their youth, their naturalistic studies on the voyage of the Beagle and subsequent life, focusing on their scientific researches and writings. The history of the theory of human evolution as currently understood is then presented, with sections on the work of Mendel, the development of the science of genetics, and the Scopes Trial. It includes a selected bibliography and index.
Reception
Isadora Kunitz, writing in the Library Journal, found the work a "well-written account of Charles Darwin's life and work," with "[d]etails about their personal life add[ing] to the interest of the book." They judged it "an excellent supplementary title for collections."
The Booklist called it "[w]ell written, readable, and informative" and suitable for readers of junior high and high school age.
Relation to other works
The Scopes Trial was the subject of a comprehensive study previously written by L. Sprague de Camp, published as The Great Monkey Trial in 1968.
Notes
1972 non-fiction books
Science books
Books about Charles Darwin
Books by L. Sprague de Camp
Macmillan Publishers books
Karaman, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Luz Range () is a mountain range long, including Petrellfjellet, Snobjorga Bluff and associated features, lying next east of the Gablenz Range in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Third German Antarctic Expedition under Alfred Ritscher, 1938–39, and named after the commercial director of the German Lufthansa Corporation.
References
Mountain ranges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Vendeholten Mountain () is a 2,230 m tall mountain standing north of Tverrbrekka Pass in the Sverdrup Mountains, Queen Maud Land. It was photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39), and mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Vendeholten.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Dorothy Lois Shineberg (February 1927 – 19 August 2004) was an Australian historian who specialised in Melanesian history. In 1950 they were the first Australian woman to win a Fulbright Travelling Scholarship and later taught the first courses in Pacific history at an Australian university.
Early life and education
Shineberg was born in Hampton, Victoria in February 1927. After their father's death in 1936 they and their four sisters were brought up by their mother. They won a scholarship to attend the selective Mac.Robertson Girls' High School and later another scholarship for University of Melbourne, from which they graduated in 1946 with a BA (Hons). They also had an MA from Smith College. They completed their PhD (1961–1965) at the same university, with a thesis titled "The sandalwood trade in the south-west Pacific, 1830–1865, with special reference to the problems and effects of early contact between Europeans and Melanesians".
Career
Following graduation, Shineberg tutored at the University of Melbourne in 1947. They moved to Sydney to take a position as tutor in colonial history with the Australian School of Pacific Administration (ASOPA) for three years. Them colleagues included anthropologists Camilla Wedgwood and Ian Hogbin, lawyers John Kerr and Hal Wootten and poet James McAuley.
In 1950 they were the first Australian woman to win a Fulbright Travelling Scholarship which took them to Smith College in Massachusetts for two years where they completed a Master of Arts. Them work was influenced by Italian historian and anti-Fascist Max Salvadori.
On their return, they taught the first Pacific history courses ever run by any university in Australia to students at the University of Melbourne. While completing their PhD thesis, Shineberg spent 1964 at the Australian National University (ANU) as research fellow in the Department of Pacific History, Research School of Pacific Studies.
After a career spent in both research and teaching at ANU, Shineberg retired from their position of Reader in 1988, but returned as visiting fellow.
They served on the Editorial Board of the Journal of Pacific History from 1966 to 1997, including as co-editor from 1987 to 1990. A member of the Pacific History Association, they were granted life membership in 1998.
They contributed three biographies for the Australian Dictionary of Biography – Ranulph Dacre, Richard Jones and Robert Towns. Them research papers are held in the ANU Archives.
Selected works
Personal
Shineberg married Barry Shineberg, with whom they had a son and a daughter, Michael and Susan, in 1953.
They were diagnosed with cancer in 2002 and died on 19 August 2004. They were survived by their husband and their children. Bronwen Douglas concluded their obituary in the Journal of Pacific History, writing "Pacific history has lost one of its most distinguished founders".
References
1927 births
2004 deaths
University of Melbourne alumni
Smith College alumni
University of Melbourne faculty
Australian National University faculty
The Salt Lick Award is an award given to Canadian manufacturers of foods that demonstrate inappropriately high sodium levels in order to raise awareness of high-sodium foods to general consumers. The name refers to salt licks.
Purpose and History
The award is given by the Canadian Stroke Network, the Canadian Obesity Network and the Advanced Foods and Materials Network. Some of the baby and toddler foods examined by the two groups had no added sodium, while other foods had levels considered excessive. The Salt Lick Award is part of World Salt Awareness Week.
Winners
2010 - Gerber Graduates from Lil' Entrees (Chicken & Pasta Wheel Pickups)
2009 - Canadian pizza producers
2008 - A&W (Chubby Junior Kids' Meal)
References
Food and drink awards
Canadian awards
Awards established in 2008
Ironic and humorous awards
Lists of worsts
2008 establishments in Canada
Salted foods
Tor Røste Fossen (19 June 1940 – 7 August 2017) was a Norwegian football player and coach. They played for Rosenborg from 1964 to 1971, earning two Norwegian Premier League titles and one Norwegian Cup championship. They coached several Norwegian clubs besides coaching the Norway national football team during ten years 1978–1987.
Biography
Fossen grew up in Kolbu and Vågå. They came to Trondheim in 1962 where they played as goalkeeper in Rosenborg. Until 1969 Fossen played 55 matches in the top division. In 1970 a new goalkeeper, Geir Karlsen, arrived at Rosenborg, and Fossen was benched. They then became assistant coach under George Curtis, and in 1972 head coach together with Nils Arne Eggen coaching Rosenborg to the double, winning both the league and the cup titles. Fossen continued without Eggen 1973–1974, and the team became second both in the league and in the cup 1973. Fossen coached Start 1975–1977 to bronze medal in the league 1975. Besides this Fossen also coached Norway national team for juniors 1972–1976.
From 1978 to 1987 Fossen coached the Norway national football team. One of the victories in Fossen's time as Norway manager was the 2–1 win against England in the 1982 World cup qualification. This victory is eternalized by radio reporter Bjørge Lillelien. Fossen coached Norway in the 1984 Olympics.
Later Fossen coached Frigg Oslo, together with Hallvar Thoresen, Faaberg, and Strømsgodset, together with Einar Sigmundstad, winning the 1991 Norwegian Football Cup, beating Rosenborg 3–1 in the final. Their last post as a coach was in Frigg Oslo before taking over other managerial tasks in the club. Fossen retired 2007.
Honours
Player
Rosenborg
Norwegian top division: 1967, 1969
Norwegian Cup: 1971
Coach
Strømsgodset
Norwegian Cup: 1991
References
1940 births
2017 deaths
People from Østre Toten
Association football goalkeepers
Norwegian footballers
Rosenborg BK players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian football managers
Rosenborg BK non-playing staff
Rosenborg BK managers
IK Start managers
Norway national football team managers
Frigg Oslo FK managers
Strømsgodset Toppfotball managers
Eliteserien managers
Sportspeople from Innlandet
The National Party () was a far-right nationalist political party in the Czech Republic. Petra Edelmannová was the last leader of the party.
Ideology and program
They were strongly opposed to Czech membership of the European Union. Their main objectives were to restore a full national sovereignty by minimising influence of foreign institutions and to toughen the national immigration policies.
The Party proposed the so-called "A final solution to the Gypsy issue" to relocate the Roma population of the Czech Republic to India, based on perceived ethnic origins.
On 28 October 2007 the Czech National Party established a paramilitary National Guard.
Downfall
Decline in party membership started showing in 2009. Resignation of the party's leader Petra Edelmannová on 1 December 2009 caused a disintegration of party's leadership and speeded up the process of downfall.
The party was dissolved by the Supreme Administrative Court on 17 August 2011.
References
External links
List of Czech political parties (in Czech)
Second list of Czech political parties (in Czech)
Anti-Islam political parties in the Czech Republic
Anti-Romanyist parties in the Czech Republic
National conservative parties in the Czech Republic
Far-right political parties in the Czech Republic
Nationalist parties in the Czech Republic
Pan-Slavism
2002 establishments in the Czech Republic
Eurosceptic parties in the Czech Republic
Anti-communist parties in the Czech Republic
2011 disestablishments in the Czech Republic
Political parties established in 2002
Political parties disestablished in 2011
Frontera is a 2014 American Western drama film directed by Michael Berry. The film stars Eva Longoria, Michael Peña, Ed Harris and Amy Madigan.
Plot
On the border between the U.S. and Mexico, Miguel Ramirez crosses the border illegally for work. Upon entering the United States, they meet Olivia, the wife of Roy, a former sheriff and the owner of the land Miguel is currently passing through. Olivia gives them and their companion Jose water and a blanket, and departs after telling them there is a highway not too far away where they can try to stop a ride.
Shortly afterwards, local boys who are out shooting their fathers' guns without permission, decide to start shooting at Miguel and Jose in an effort to scare them back across the border. Olivia rides back to investigate, but the shots scare the horse they were riding and they fall and hits their head on a rock. Miguel tries to help while Jose runs off, but is scared away by Roy who came because of the gunfire.
Olivia is pronounced dead by the paramedics, and Jose joins two other illegal Mexican immigrants who break into an American family's house, stealing food, money and a car from them. Meanwhile, Miguel finds a job gardening.
A grieving Roy starts investigating their wife's death. They first accuse Miguel, thinking they were trying to steal their horse. They find the bullet casings the boys left behind, as well as a vigilante who shoots illegal Mexican immigrants. Roy tries to ride after the vigilante's vehicle but can not catch it.
Jose is arrested by state troopers and deported to Mexico. The local police inform Roy that their wife's riding blanket was found in the car. Meanwhile, a cop identifies Miguel based on a description Roy gave the police and arrests him.  They are taken into police custody since they are regarded as the prime suspect in Olivia's death and is to be tried for first degree murder. Miguel contacts their wife's parents to tell them what happened. When their wife Paulina finds out they try to cross the border herself.
Paulina is raped on the way to the United States and is taken captive for a ransom that their family cannot pay. Roy visits Miguel in their cell and hears their side of the story. Touched by Miguel's work ethic, they try to help them find their wife. Roy confronts one of the parents of the boys who caused Olivia's death, a sheriff himself, and finally convinces them to drop the murder charges against Miguel.
Paulina is found by chance in an empty house and is reunited with their family. Roy offers Miguel a job repairing the broken fence between their land and Mexico. They agree to meet each other on their side of the fence so Roy can pay Miguel and Miguel can do the repairs from Mexico. Miguel thanks Roy for the new job and sets to work immediately. Roy admires Miguel's work ethic and starts riding off to their farm.
Meanwhile, the vigilante is back, this time aiming at Miguel who is still repairing the fence. However, Roy stops the vigilante at the last minute, saving Miguel.
Cast
Eva Longoria as Paulina Ramirez
Michael Peña as Miguel Ramirez
Ed Harris as Roy McNary
Amy Madigan as Olivia McNary
Matthew Page as Carl
Julio Cedillo as Ramon / Main Coyote
Seth Adkins as Sean
Daniel Zacapa as Abuelo
Lora Martinez-Cunningham as Laura Zamora
Michael Ray Escamilla as Jose
Aden Young as Sheriff Randall Hunt
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 54% based on 24 reviews, and an average rating of 6.30/10. The site's critical consensus reads: "Frontera is solidly cast, handsomely mounted, and well-acted; unfortunately, it's also rather dull and fairly forgettable". Christy Lemire of RogerEbert.com gave the film 2.5 out of 5 while Metacritic gave it 58 out of a 100, basing its score on 13 critical reviews.
References
External links
Films shot in New Mexico
2014 drama films
American drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Gaydzak Nicosia was a Cypriot football club based in Nicosia. Founded in 1957, was playing sometimes in Second Division.
References
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1957
1957 establishments in Cyprus
The 2018–19 LEN Euro League Women was the 32nd edition of the major European tournament for women's water polo clubs. It ran from 24 January to 20 April 2019.
The Final 4 was contested in Sabadell, Spain, on 19 and 20 April. The home team became European champion for the fifth time, defeating Greece's Olympiacos in the final match.
Overview
Calendar
The calendar of the competition was announced on 25 May 2018.
‡:
Participating teams
Preliminary Round
The draw of the pools for the Preliminary Round was held in Kirishi, Russia, before the 2018 Super Cup, on 9 october 2018.
Pools composition
Group A
Venue: Piscina Pere Serrat, Barcelona, Spain.
Group B
Venue: Mestská Krytá Plaváreň, Košice, Slovakia.
Group C
Venue: Centro Sportivo del Plebiscito, Padua, Italy.
Group D
Venue: Petros Kapagerov National Swimming Hall, Piraeus, Greece.
†
Knockout stage
Quarterfinals
The draw took place at LEN headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, on 29 January 2019.
|}
First Leg
Second Leg
Final Four
The allocation of the Final 4 in Sabadell and the draw of the semifinals were announced by LEN on 13 March 2019. The Spanish team hosted the finals for the second time (the first one was the 2016 edition).
Semifinals
Finals
3rd place
1st place
Final standings
See also
2018–19 LEN Champions League
2018–19 Women's LEN Trophy
References
External links
Official LEN website
Microplustiming (Official results website)
LEN Euro League Women seasons
Women, Euro League
E
E
Poecilasthena aedaea is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.
References
Moths described in 1926
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Dorothy Garai (, /Доротеја Горјанска; 1410 - died between 19 and 24 September 1438) was a Hungarian noblewoman who became Queen of Bosnia upon their marriage to King Tvrtko II in 1428. They functioned as art patron and exerted significant influence over their husband, especially over their relations with church officials, which earned their considerable notoriety in monastic circles. The marriage was harmonious, but childless and cut short by their death in their twenties.
Background
Dorothea was born into the House of Garai, an extremely powerful noble family of the Kingdom of Hungary. They were one of the daughters of John Garai, ispán (count) of the Temes County and ban (governor) of the Bosnian region of Usora. Nicholas I and Nicholas II Garai, Dorothea's grandfather and uncle respectively, served as palatines of Hungary, the highest-ranking officials in the kingdom. Them mother was Hedwig, daughter of Siemowit IV, Duke of Masovia. Dorothy may have been familiar with the Hungarian royal court due to family connections, their uncle being King Sigismund's palatine and brother-in-law.
Dorothy first emerges in the late 1420s, when they resided within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pécs and by which time their father had died. At that time, King Tvrtko II of Bosnia found that their vassals' opposition to their close ties with the neighbouring Kingdom of Hungary was putting their throne in jeopardy. The noblemen were concerned that the Hungarian alliance would provoke an attack by the Ottomans, and that the Hungarians would help them consolidate their power at their expense. Tvrtko responded by strengthening their alliance with the Hungarians even further; Sigismund offered them marriage with Dorothy, and Tvrtko accepted.
Engagement and wedding
The engagement did not immediately receive support of the Roman Catholic Church, however, because Tvrtko's religious affiliations were not clear enough. They admitted their subjects were "shaky Christians" who often changed allegiance from the Catholic Church to the Bosnian Church or even Eastern Orthodox Church and vice versa, but Tvrtko managed to dispel doubts about their loyalty to the Pope, and the marriage went ahead. The sources reporting these marriage negotiations are also the only ones that mention Dorothy by name, which is why historians were for a long time uneasy about identifying them as Tvrtko's wife.
All information about the royal wedding comes from the documents issued by the institutions of the Republic of Ragusa; the Ragusan patricians were keen to learn as much as possible about the Bosnian King's bride. Dorothy was supposed to be received by Tvrtko in Milodraž on 12 July 1428, but the marriage ceremony does not seem to have taken place before August. The wedding festivities lasted for days. Many Bosnian noblemen, including Grand Duke Sandalj Hranić Kosača, refused to attend out of protest. Ragusan representatives on 31 July asked for the young queen to come to Podvisoki so they could receive gifts, as Ragusans had a considerable merchant colony in that town. The new queen may have accompanied their husband on their visit to the Kosača family seat in Blagaj, intended to mend the relations between the vassal and the overlord, in the spring of 1429.
Queenship
As queen, Dorothy appears to have been both politically active and a patron of art. The Ragusan authorities addressed the Queen as well as the King, and they made effort to flatter them by sending expensive gifts and emphasizing their family's traditionally close relations with the Republic. They were specifically invoked in 1432 when they requested that the larcenous Ljubibratić noble family be banished. The vigorous artistic activity at the royal court in Bobovac during Dorothy's queenship is linked either to them personally or to Tvrtko's desire to please them
In 1432, Pope Eugene IV sent Saint James of the Marches to reform the Franciscan Province of Bosna Srebrena and eradicate the Bosnian Church. They became vicar and fully empowered inquisitor of Bosnia in 1435 and remained in the kingdom for four more years. Their aggressive approach to the Bosnian Church was strongly opposed by King Tvrtko, but it appears that their principal nemesis was the Queen. Their differences were such that Dorothy, "that evil woman", was accused of trying to have James murdered on several occasions, only for them to be saved by various miracles.  They are alleged to have eventually grown tired of trying to get rid of them and instead made peace with the saint. The circumstances under which their marriage to Tvrtko was sanctioned leave no place for doubts about their loyalty to the Catholic Church, and the accusations thus seem unfounded. They do, however, indicate that they had great influence on their husband's religious policy.
Death and posterity
The marriage of Dorothy and Tvrtko was certainly contracted for political reasons, but Ragusan reports about their wedding festivities and their death, which took place between 19 and 24 September 1438, indicate that the King had genuine affection for their wife. They were interred in the Bobovac chapel, which had probably been built for them Despite facing succession issues, their widower never remarried and was buried next to them five years later. Them tomb has since been looted. Anthropological research indicates that they were in their twenties when they died.
It is not clear whether Dorothy had children. Sources do not mention any issue of Tvrtko II and Dorothy Garai, so it is generally assumed that the couple were childless. Archaeological excavations in the 20th century resulted in the discovery of a child's grave between the graves of Tvrtko and Dorothy, however, indicating that they may have had a child who died shortly after birth.
See also
Tvrtko II of Bosnia
Dorothea of Bulgaria
Kujava Radinović
References
Bosnian queens
1438 deaths
Dorothy
Year of birth unknown
15th-century Hungarian women
Burials in Royal Chapel on Bobovac
The Mutanda Mine is an open-pit copper mine in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The largest cobalt mine in the world, Mutanda has been closed since November 2019. The owner of the mine, Glencore, has announced it plans to resume production in early 2022.
Location
The Mutanda Mine lies about to the southeast of Kolwezi in the Roan formation.
The property is close to the national road and railway line between Kolwezi and Zambia.
The Kando River runs about from the southern boundary, providing ample water.
There is a good supply of electricity from the grid, with a 13.5MW standby generator.
At the end of 2010 the project was employing 930 people.
Resource
Annual production capacity is estimated at 20,000 tonnes of copper metal and 8,000 tonnes of cobalt in cobalt hydroxide, with expansion to 110,000 tonnes of copper metal and 23,000 tonnes of cobalt in cobalt hydroxide by the first quarter of 2012.
Facilities include a dense media separation concentrator and a hydrometallurgical plant for crushing, screening, milling, pre-leaching, leaching, clarification and SX/EW.
In November 2011 Glencore confirmed that it should compete its expansion in December, bring up annual capacity to 110,000 metric tons of copper metal as planned.
Glencore made an investment of $650 million to develop this capacity.
Ownership
Glencore acquired its initial stake in the mine in June 2007 from Groupe Bazano.
Glencore International operates the mine and has a 40% stake in the mine through a 50% holding in Samref Congo, which in turn holds 80% of Mutanda. Until recently, the state-owned Gécamines held the remaining 20%.
Glencore also indirectly owns 37.5% of Kansuki, a copper and cobalt development project bordering Mutanda covering . In August 2011 Glencore's CEO said the company planned to combine the two properties and to increase its share to over 50%.
In September 2011 the International Monetary Fund asked for explanations from Sodimico and Gécamines, both state owned mining companies, of sales of assets below market value and without publicity. At the time, the IMF was providing loans to the DRC worth $561 million to improve the economy. Gécamines had recently sold its 20% share of the Mutanda project, worth an estimated $600 million, for $137 million.
The buyer was Rowny Assets, a company registered in the British Virgin Islands and "associated" with Dan Gertler.
In 2017, Glencore paid $534 million to buy a 31% stake in Mutanda from Dan Gertler's Fleurette group. This deal valued the 31% stake at $922 million, since it also involved the settlement of several hundred million dollars of loans Glencore owed to Fleurrette. Glencore now claims 100% ownership of the Mutanda mine.
Congolese-American business person Charles Brown filed a lawsuit in Congolese court seeking compensation for when they sold a 19.12% stake in Mutanda under duress in May 2012, two weeks before Bazano sold this stake to Glencore. Glencore denied this, saying Brown's stake was sold in 2004 and 2005, before Glencore bought into the project.
References
Copper mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mining in Lualaba Province
Cobalt mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Yoann Bourgeois is a French dancer, choreographer, and artist. They trained in circus arts at Châlons-en-Champagne. They directed the Compagnie Yoann Bourgeois touring dancing troupe. The New Yorker described them as a "nouveau-cirque acrobat" and "droll, slapstick comedian," and Wesley Morris, in the New York Times, called them a "dramatist of physics". In 2021, they are accused of plagiarism. They were the first circus-trained artist and typer to direct at a National Choreographic Centre, which they did at Maison de la culture de Grenoble from 2016 to 2022.
Performances and installations
Celui qui tombe ("He Who Falls"), 2014. Installed later at Barbican, London, 2016; Tanz im August Berlin, 2016; and Centquatre-Paris, 2017, 2020.
Minuit ("Midnight"), 2016. Brooklyn Academy of Music. Installed later at Théâtre de la Ville, 2017.
La mécanique de l'Histoire ("The Mechanics of History"), Panthéon, Paris, 2017
Clair de Lune, with Debussy's Clair de lune played on piano by Alexandre Tharaud, c. 2018
The One Who Falls
References
External links
French male dancers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Rieves Boocock (born 22 September 2000) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker.
Playing career
Boocock made their professional debut at age 18 coming on as a substitute for Alfie May in the 89th minute in a 1–3 victory at Gillingham on 29 December 2018 in the EFL League One.
They signed their first professional contract in May 2019.
At the end of August 2019 they went to Frickley Athletic, initially on a months loan. The deal was later extended until January 2020. However, the loan spell was cut short and they joined Sheffield F.C. on 13 November 2019 for one month. The deal was later extended for one month further.
On 31 January 2020, they were loaned out to Cleethorpes Town for one month. On 11 March 2020, they then moved to Tadcaster Albion, also on loan and also for one month. At the end of the 2019-20 season, Boocock left Doncaster, as their contract expired.
Career statistics
References
External links
Living people
2000 births
Footballers from Doncaster
English footballers
Association football forwards
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Frickley Athletic F.C. players
Sheffield F.C. players
Cleethorpes Town F.C. players
Tadcaster Albion A.F.C. players
Desmarestia tropica, sometimes called tropical acidweed, is a species of seaweed in the family Desmarestiaceae. It is critically endangered, possibly extinct, and one of only fifteen protists evaluated by IUCN. Endemic to the Galápagos Islands, the specific epithet tropica alludes to its tropical habitat, rare for members of Desmarestiales. The common name acidweed applies to members of the genus Desmarestia, generally characterized by fronds containing vacuoles of concentrated sulfuric acid, but it is unclear if this species also produces acid.
History
D. tropica was first collected by William Randolph Taylor on 19 January 1935, and twice more later that month. They published a description of the species ten years later in May 1945. The organism was last collected in 1972, and not seen since despite efforts to search the sighted locations and other possible habitats in the archipelago. Because of its preference for deep, cold water in a tropical location, it was likely severely affected by El Niño, especially the 1982–83 El Niño event. This event killed much of the macroalgae in the area, and D. tropica likely declined from overgrazing by herbivores resulting from El Niño and overfishing of predator fish. There is a small possibility that the species still lives in deeper water in a cryptic gametophyte stage, but if so it has yet to return to the more visible sporophyte stage. The gametophyte has also never been observed.
Description
The thallus of D. tropica can be about tall and is soft, bushy, and light brown in color. The holdfast is tiny and not very differentiated. The stipe is in diameter and short, fleshy, and firm. It continues up as the rachis where it flattens out, only visible underneath the blade, and widens to . Opposite branching starts from the base with wide-angled branches every , and continues from each branch for several degrees. The blades have short, broad teeth which on the younger blades include short brown filaments. These filaments are oppositely branched.
D. tropica differs from D. latifrons by being more bushy and having more of a gradation in branches from the apex to the base. The branches are also more expansive in D. tropica than in D. latifrons or similar species. D. tropica is in the section Herbacea of Desmarestia, but compared to other North American species it is less membranous.
Habitat
Tropical acidweed has been found in only two locations: Post Office Bay off Floreana Island and Caleta Tagus (Tagus Cove) off Isabela Island. At the former site it was found at depths from . It was once thought to be found off the mainland coast of Peru, but these specimens are considered instead to be D. firma.
Despite its tropical range, it prefers the cold, deep water of upwelling areas of the lower sublittoral zone.
References
External links
Image of type specimen at University of Michigan
Different image of type specimen from UC Berkeley
D. tropica on the Charles Darwin Foundation Galapagos Species Checklist
Species described in 1945
Desmarestiales
Endemic flora of Ecuador
Endemic flora of Galápagos
Lough Boderg () is a lake on the River Shannon in County Roscommon and County Leitrim, Ireland.
Description
Logh Boderg is a large lough with a surface area of about which is on the River Shannon, between Kilmore, County Roscommon and Annaduff in County Leitrim. The woodland of Derrycarne which were part of the lands owned by the Nesbitt family in the early 1800s sit on the shores of the Lough, the paths there give access to the lough's shoreline.
History and legend
The lake's name is Irish for "Lake of the red cow." Lough Boderg is separated from Lough Bofin ("Lake of the white cow") by the Derrycarne Narrows. There is a legend on how the loughs got their names, the story goes that a mermaid was found in the water of one of the loughs and taken to a nearby farmhouse. The people in the farmhouse were kind to them and to pay them back for their kindness the mermaid began to tell fortunes. The mermaid predicted that if the people put them back in the water, in the eve of May day, which was soon, that they would be generously repaid one year later. The people did as they said, placed them back in the water and said goodbye. A year to the day, they returned to the place where they had put the mermaid back in the water and were astonished to see two cows coming out of the water, a red one and a white one.
Túathal Techtmar used Lough Boderg as one of the traditional boundaries of the ancient Kingdom of Meath: "From Loch-Bo-Deirg to Birra [Birr], From Sena [Shannon] eastward to the sea."
Recreation
Lough Boderg is a noted fishery for bream, rudd, roach, northern pike, eel and perch.
The North Shannon Motor Yacht Club is based on Lough Boderg.
See also
List of loughs in Ireland
References
Lakes of County Leitrim
Lakes of County Roscommon
River Shannon
This is a list of all cricketers who have played first-class, list A or Twenty20 cricket for Baroda cricket team. Seasons given are first and last seasons; the player did not necessarily play in all the intervening seasons. Players in bold have played international cricket.
Last updated at the end of the 2015/16 season.
A
Hemu Adhikari, 1937/38-1949/50
Bharat Adiecha, 1988/89-1989/90
Mohinder Amarnath, 1984/85
Surinder Amarnath, 1983/84
Srinivas Ambegaokar, 1937/38-1939/40
Khagesh Amin, 1990/91-1992/93
Ajitesh Argal, 2008/09-2015/16
Rishi Arothe, 2013/14-2015/16
Tushar Arothe, 1985/86-2003/04
Hakumatrai Asha, 1944/45
B
Imtiaz Babi, 1980/81
Rajendra Babla, 1976/77-1978/79
Hitshu Bachani, 2001/02-2002/03
Bobby Badola, 1997/98-1998/99
Dilip Bagwe, 1957/58
Jairaj Barot, 1970/71-1978/79
Atul Bedade, 1988/89-2002/03
Gordon Belsher, 1994/95
Firdaush Bhaja, 2009/10-2013/14
Ashit Bhansali, 1982/83-1983/84
Bhargav Bhatt, 2009/10-2015/16
Raju Bhatt, 1961/62-1966/67
Ajit Bhoite, 1996/97-2006/07
Viraj Bhosale, 2016/17-present
Vijay Bhosle, 1957/58-1958/59
Azhar Bilakhia, 2007/08-2009/10
M. V. Bobjee, 1941/42
Chandu Borde, 1954/55-1962/63
Ahmed Botawala, 1937/38
Bhupinder Brar, 1996/97
Valmik Buch, 1993/94-2003/04
C
Paul Carey, 1942/43
Rohit Chandurkar, 2002/03-2003/04
Pratyush Chatterji, 2011/12
Abhimanyu Chauhan, 2005/06-2015/16
Indravijaysinh Chauhan, 1973/74-1975/76
Arjun Chavada, 1996/97-1999/00
Deepak Chavan, 1988/89-1990/91
Kedar Chavan, 1986/87-1996/97
Jyot Chhaya, 2010/11-2013/14
Sanjeev Choksi, 1988/89-1991/92
Prabhakar Cholkar, 1967/68-1976/77
M. S. Chumble, 1949/50
D
Jayant Dandekar, 1965/66
Prayan Dave, 1993/94-1998/99
Harkant Desai, 1938/39
Himanshu Desai, 1963/64-1967/68
Shantu Desai, 1938/39
Ravi Deshmukh, 1973/74-1985/86
Sharad Deshmukh, 1966/67
Kedar Devdhar, 2007/08-2015/16
Mrunal Devdhar, 2015/16
Viresh Dhaiber, 1981/82
Jagdevrao Dhumal, 1939/40
Dinshaw Doctor, 1941/42
Sunil Doshi, 1990/91-1993/94
Shaukat Dudha, 1967/68-1980/81
Shaukat Dukanwala, 1980/81-1990/91 (played international cricket for the United Arab Emirates)
E
Amir Elahi, 1943/44-1949/50 (played international cricket for India and Pakistan)
F
Shrikant Fadnis, 1964/65-1970/71
Tony Fernandes, 1962/63-1973/74
Leslie Fernandes, 1966/67-1978/79
G
Anshuman Gaekwad, 1969/70-1991/92
Chandrasen Gaekwad, 1947/48-1952/53
Datta Gaekwad, 1947/48-1963/64
Maharaja of Baroda Fatehsinghrao Gaekwad, 1946/47-1957/58
Ranjitsinh Gaekwad, 1958/59-1967/68
Samarjeet Gaekwad, 1987/88-1988/89
Sangramsinh Gaekwad, 1960/61-1975/76
Shatrunjay Gaekwad, 2003/04-2013/14
Vinaysinh Gaekwad, 1949/50-1957/58
Khaderao Gaekwar, 1937/38-1942/43
Edulji Gai, 1939/40-1941/42
Chandrakant Gamit, 1972/73
Ramesh Gandhi, 1972/73
Vasantrao Ghatge, 1957/58-1961/62
Pratik Ghodadra, 2014/15
Jayasinghrao Ghorpade, 1948/49-1965/66
Jayendrasinh Ghorpade, 1954/55-1976/77
Wyankatrao Ghorpade, 1937/38-1943/44
Anupam Gupta, 2009/10-2012/13
A. G. Gupte, 1937/38-1939/40
S. G. Gupte, 1943/44
Vikas Gupte, 1973/74
Prakash Gurubaxani, 2002/03
H
Saiyed Hamid Ali, 1998/99-2007/08
Kunal Hazare, 1997/98
Ranjit Hazare, 1966/67-1983/84
Sanjay Hazare, 1981/82-1997/98
Vijay Hazare, 1941/42-1960/61
Vikram Hazare, 1970/71-1978/79
Vivek Hazare, 1942/43-1963/64
Deepak Hooda, 2012/13-2015/16
I
Hemant Indulkar, 1995/96-1999/00
Mahipatrao Indulkar, 1940/41-1943/44
Vijay Indulkar, 1961/62-1965/66
J
Himanshu Jadhav, 1992/93-2006/07
Mahesh Jadhav, 1964/65-1966/67
Madavsinh Jagdale, 1939/40
Chandrasekhar Joshi, 1951/52-1955/56
Shekhar Joshi, 2000/01-2006/07
Vimal Joshi, 2003/04-2004/05
Shashank Junnarkar, 1992/93
K
Chandrakant Kadam, 1959/60
Muenoddin Kadri, 1996/97-1999/00
Harish Kahar, 1981/82-1989/90
Santosh Kahar, 1988/89
Sudeep Kale, 2001/02
Abhijit Karambelkar, 2008/09-2015/16
Kamraj Kesari, 1941/42
Suresh Keshwala, 1984/85
Ashok Khaire, 1969/70
A. G. Khan, 1937/38
Zaheer Khan, 1999/00-2005/06
Gogumal Kishenchand, 1952/53-1969/70
Jaykishan Kolsawala, 2010/11
Sudhir Kulkarni, 1973/74-1982/83
Vinod Kunjaravia, 1980/81-1981/82
L
Anil Limaye, 1963/64-1967/68
Madhav Limaye, 1953/54-1960/61
M
Dharmsinh Mahida, 1965/66-1968/69
Vinoo Majithia, 1963/64
Sagar Mangalorkar, 2014/15-2015/16
Ilyas Manjare, 1972/73
Jagdeep Mankad, 1971/72
Jacob Martin, 1991/92-2009/10
Dishant Mehta, 2006/07
Raju Mehta, 1977/78-1979/80
Lukman Meriwala, 2012/13-2014/15
Milip Mewada, 1996/97-2004/05
Dhiren Mistry, 2012/13-2014/15
Gul Mohammad, 1943/44-1950/51 (played international cricket for India and Pakistan)
Aditya Mohite, 1997/98
Chandrasekhar Mohite, 1972/73-1981/82
Harshad Mohite, 1998/99
Nikunj Mohite, 2006/07-2008/09
Nayan Mongia, 1988/89-2004/05
B. B. More, 1937/38
Kiran More, 1980/81-1997/98
Pradeep More, 1969/70
Darshan Mulherkar, 1997/98-2000/01
N
Mutyalswami Naidu, 1939/40-1947/48
Jasmin Naik, 1986/87-1988/89
Rajiv Naik, 1990/91-1995/96
Mukesh Narula, 1985/86-1996/97
Nazeem Nathani, 1972/73-1973/74
C. S. Nayudu, 1939/40-1943/44
B. B. Nimbalkar, 1939/40
R. B. Nimbalkar, 1937/38-1952/53
P
Abhay Palkar, 1987/88-1992/93
Ketan Panchal, 2005/06-2015/16
Bipin Panchasara, 1979/80-1984/85
Vinayak Pandit, 1939/40-1943/44
Hardik Pandya, 2012/13-2015/16
Hemant Pandya, 1983/84-1984/85
Krunal Pandya, 2012/13-2014/15
Rishikesh Parab, 2001/02-2006/07
Siddharth Parab, 1997/98
Satyajit Parab, 1997/98-2009/10
Madhav Paranjpe, 1943/44
Vasudev Paranjpe, 1956/57
Dashrat Pardeshi, 1978/79-1990/91
Rakesh Parikh, 1983/84-1995/96
Snehal Parikh, 1981/82-1985/86
Chandrabhan Parmar, 1937/38
Hardik Parmar, 2001/02-2009/10
Kishansinh Parmar, 1956/57-1958/59
Madansinh Parmar, 1956/57-1959/60
Vishwanath Parmar, 2005/06-2013/14
Ahmed Patel, 1940/41-1951/52
Alpesh Patel, 2006/07
Atul Patel, 1966/67-1968/69
Chimanbhai Patel, 1952/53-1966/67
Dixit Patel, 2014/15-2015/16
Girishbhai Patel, 1975/76-1976/77
Jayantibhai Patel, 1953/54-1954/55
Jitendra Patel, 1964/65-1965/66 (played international cricket for Canada)
Ketul Patel, 2012/13-2013/14
Lalubhai Patel, 1973/74
Mahesh Patel, 1969/70-1970/71
Mayur Patel, 1980/81-1987/88
Monil Patel, 2011/12
Munaf Patel, 2008/09-2015/16
Pragnesh Patel, 2004/05-2007/08
Rakesh Patel, 1999/00-2010/11
Ramchandra Patel, 1954/55-1961/62
Rashid Patel, 1986/87-1996/97
Rohit Patel, 1967/68-1974/75
Sanjay Patel, 1991/92-1996/97
Umang Patel, 2000/01-2002/03
Upendra Patel, 1964/65
Utkarsh Patel, 2008/09-2013/14
Vasudev Patel, 1979/80-1985/86
Babashafi Pathan, 2013/14
Irfan Pathan, 2000/01-2015/16
Irfan Pathan, 1999/00-2008/09
Yusuf Pathan, 2001/02-2015/16
Sharad Patkar, 1949/50
Sangramsinh Pawar, 1992/93
Rajesh Pawar, 2003/04-2009/10
Amar Petiwale, 1981/82-1989/90
Kiran Powar, 2004/05-2006/07
Rambhau Powar, 1938/39-1942/43
Shankarrao Powar, 1937/38-1950/51
Rajaram Pradhan, 1938/39
Ramesh Pradhan, 1945/46-1951/52
R
Vasant Raiji, 1944/45-1949/50
Tilak Raj, 1984/85-1987/88
Ambati Rayudu, 2010/11-2015/16
Adityananda Reddy, 2008/09-2012/13
Suresh Ringe, 1974/75-1976/77
S
Hazaratali Saiyad, 1959/60-1968/69
Dhiran Salvi, 2002/03-2005/06
Rohan Salvi, 2001/02
Dinkar Sankpal, 1969/70-1972/73
Narayan Satham, 1967/68-1984/85
Nanashed Savant, 1960/61-1961/62
Sanjiv Sawant, 1985/86-1990/91
Miten Shah, 2010/11
Pinal Shah, 2004/05-2015/16
Kamran Shaikh, 2008/09-2013/14
Mehndi Shaikh, 1968/69-1980/81
Anwar Sheikh, 1992/93
Kedar Sheikh, 1949/50
Yacoob Sheikh, 1937/38-1950/51
Zubeer Sheikh, 2006/07
Atit Sheth, 2014/15-2015/16
Sadu Shinde, 1947/48-1948/49
Deepak Shodhan, 1957/58-1959/60
Irshad Sindhi, 2005/06-2010/11
Gagandeep Singh, 2010/11-2015/16
Sukhbir Singh, 1993/94-2002/03
Sunit Singh, 2005/06-2012/13
Swapnil Singh, 2005/06-2015/16
Laxman Sivaramakrishnan, 1998/99
Ranga Sohoni, 1948/49
Hitesh Solanki, 2015/16
Rakesh Solanki, 2002/03-2013/14
Shailesh Solanki, 2006/07-2009/10
Vishnu Solanki, 2012/13-2014/15
Ashok Sonalkar, 1964/65-1969/70
Dinesh Soni, 1992/93
Sukhdevsinhji, 1953/54
R. A. Swaroop, 1995/96-2000/01
T
Soaeb Tai, 2015/16
Arun Tambe, 1957/58
Ashish Tandon, 1995/96-1998/99
Uday Tate, 1967/68-1968/69
D. Thorat, 2000/01
V
Murtuja Vahora, 2005/06-2015/16
Salim Veragi, 2007/08-2012/13
Shyamrao Vichare, 1943/44-1960/61
Jyotirvadan Vin, 1953/54-1963/64
Trivikram Vinod, 1940/41-1943/44
Sankalp Vora, 2004/05-2012/13
Vijay Vyas, 1983/84
W
Vinit Wadkar, 1978/79-1988/89
Aditya Waghmode, 2010/11-2015/16
Saurabh Wakaskar, 2011/12-2014/15
Yogendra Wakaskar, 1997/98-2000/01
Cecil Williams, 1961/62-1977/78
Connor Williams, 1995/96-2010/11
Y
D. K. Yarde, 1937/38
J. J. Yelwande, 1937/38-1938/39
Z
Ikram Zampawala, 2008/09
Indravadan Zaveri, 1951/52-1952/53
References
Baroda cricketers
Patrick Donahoe (born Munnery, County Cavan, Ireland, 17 March 1811; died Boston, U.S.A., 18 March 1901) was a publisher who founded influential magazines for the Irish Catholic community in their adopted country.
Early life
Patrick Donahoe was born in Ireland in 1811. Their father was a linen weaver, and their mother died when they were only two; at that point, the Donahoe family consisted of Patrick and their four sisters ("Mr. Donahoe's Life," 2). Eventually, their father remarried and the family emigrated to America, settling in Boston when Patrick was ten years old. Irish Catholics were still an unwelcome minority in Boston at that time ("Patrick Donahoe," 5), and Patrick later told the "Boston Journal" how they were beaten and bullied in school; undoubtedly, this contributed to theirs dropping out at age fourteen (some sources say age fifteen). They first worked briefly for the "Colombian Sentinel" before becoming a printer's apprentice at the Boston Transcript newspaper, the voice of the Protestant upper-class in Boston ("Irish Leader," 1). They learned a trade, but they recalled experiencing a hostile environment, before finally proving himself. By the time they left the Transcript, they were a successful printer and compositor ("Passed Their Birthday," 1). Donahoe married in 1836, but their wife Catherine died of consumption (tuberculosis) in 1852 at the age of 36 ("Death Notice," Boston Evening Transcript, November 13, 1852, p. 2). Donahoe would later remarry; their second wife's name was Annie.
Business career
They began working as the editor of a Catholic newspaper, The Jesuit in 1832: this newspaper had been started in 1829 by Bishop Fenwick. Working for the newspaper provided an opportunity for Donahoe to defend their religion and make non-Catholic readers more familiar with what Catholics believed ("Passed Their Birthday," 1). The newspaper was not a financial success, but when the bishop relinquished its ownership, Donahoe carried it on, along with a business partner, newspaper publisher Henry L. Devereaux, under the new title of The Literary and Catholic Sentinel. In 1836, Donahoe changed the publication's name to The Pilot, which was now a weekly paper devoted to Irish-American and Catholic interests (Negri, 40). It soon became the chief organ of Catholic opinion in New England. Donahoe also established, in connection with The Pilot, a publishing and book-selling house from which were issued a large number of Catholic books. Later, in 1870, they organized the Emigrant Savings Bank, and became its president ("Patrick Donahoe's Case," 5).
As their business ventures proved successful, they donated some of the wealth they acquired to the advancement of Catholic interests; they were well known in Boston for their philanthropy, establishing a home for destitute Catholic children and supporting other causes that helped the poor in their community ("Irish Leader," 1; "Passed Their Birthday" 1). During the American Civil War they actively interested themselves in the organization of the Irish regiments that volunteered from New England. And at a time when doubts about the patriotism of Catholics could still be heard, Donahoe used their newspaper to strongly advocate in favor of the union cause and write about the Irish soldiers serving in the war ("An Old Boston Publisher," 6). But their business was negatively affected by the Great Boston Fire of 1872, which also destroyed their publishing plant. Another fire in the following year and injudicious loans to friends, as well as some unwise real estate speculation ("Patrick Donahoe's Case," 5), made them lose so much money that their bank failed in 1876. Archbishop Williams purchased The Pilot to help to pay the depositors of the bank. Donahoe then started a monthly Donahoe's Magazine, described as "a journal devoted to the Irish, at home and abroad" ("New Publications," 7). They also established a monetary exchange and passenger agency. In 1881 they were able to buy back The Pilot and devoted their remaining years to its management. In 1893 the University of Notre Dame gave them the Laetare Medal for signal services to American Catholic progress.
Final years
After falling at home, Donahoe was bed-ridden, and throughout the year 1900, they were in declining health. When they finally died at their home, just after St. Patrick's Day in 1901, at the age of 90, their family had been expecting it; their wife, three sons and a daughter were at their bedside ("Tears From All," 6). Their death was front page news in all the Boston newspapers. Typical of the acclaim they received was a headline in the Boston Herald which referred to them as "A Patriot and the Patriarch of Their Race Among the People of New England" ("Mr. Donahoe's Life," 1).
References
"An Old Boston Publisher." (New York) Irish World, May 19, 1894, p. 6.
"Irish Leader Passes Away." Boston Globe, March 18, 1901, p. 1.
"Mr. Donahoe's Life." Boston Herald, March 18, 1901, pp. 1–2.
Negri, Gloria. "The Pilot: Celebrating 150 Years." Boston Globe, September 9, 1979, pp. 33. 40.
"New Publications." Irish-American Weekly, January 11, 1879, p. 7.
"Passed Their Birthday, Patrick Donahoe Died This Morning." Boston Journal, March 18, 1901, p. 1.
"Patrick Donahoe Dead." (New York) Irish World, March 23, 1901, p. 5.
"Patrick Donahoe's Case," Boston Globe, April 7, 1876, p. 5.
"Tears From All," Boston Globe, March 21, 1906, p. 6.
External links
The Boston Historical Society and Museum
1811 births
1901 deaths
American magazine publishers (people)
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
American Roman Catholics
19th-century American businesspeople
was a fudai feudal domain under the Tokugawa shogunate of Edo period Japan. It was located in southern Ōmi Province, in the Kansai region of central Honshu. The domain was centered at Zeze Castle, located on the shore of Lake Biwa in what is now the city of Ōtsu in Shiga Prefecture.
History
Zeze controlled entry into Kyoto from the east, and was thus of great strategic importance to the Tokugawa shogunate. As with many of the fudai domains of the early Edo period, the control of Zeze Domain changed frequently between various clans; however, after the appointment of a cadet branch of the Honda clan in 1651, the domain remained under Honda control until the end of the shogunate. With a kokudaka of 70,00 koku at its height, it was the second largest domain in Ōmi Province after Hikone Domain.
In 1601, shortly after the Battle of Sekigahara, Tokugawa Ieyasu ordered then construction of Zeze Castle, and assigned Toda Kazuaki, formerly 5000 koku hatamoto with holdings in Musashi Province to be daimyō of the new 30,000 koku domain. They built the jōkamachi and developed shijimi clans as a local industry. Their son, Toda Ujikane distinguished themselves at the Siege of Osaka and was awarded with the larger Amagasaki Domain. Zeze was awarded to Honda Yasutoshi, who had also distinguished themselves at the Siege of Osaka. Their son, Honda Toshitsugu, was relocated to Nishio Domain in 1621. Zeze then passed briefly to the Suganuma and the Ishikawa clans, before being returned to Honda Yoshitsugu in 1651, but with an increase in kokudaka to 70,000 koku.
Under the early days of Hondo rule, the domain prospered greatly with flood control works and the opening of new rice lands continuing to revenues ad with welfare measures for the poor. However, by the middle of the Edo period, the domain's finances began to falter, and under the 6th daimyō Honda Yasutada, failed attempts at fiscal reform only made matters worse. There were widespread peasant's uprisings around 1781. Conditions continued to deteriorate until the time of the 10th daimyō Honda Yasusada, with conflict erupting between various factions of the domain's retainers over reform measures. The situation resulted in intervention by the shogunate and the purge of a number of senior retainers. The situation stabilized by 1808, when a han school was opened.
During the Bakumatsu period, Zeze was violently divided between the pro-Sonnō Jōi faction and the pro-shogunate faction. The pro-shogunate faction, at times assisted by the Shinsengumi killed a number of the pro-Sonnō Jōi faction, including some prominent officials. This created a backlash in popular opinion, and with the start of the Boshin War, the domain quickly sided with the imperial cause and sent troops to attack Kuwana Domain. As with other domains, Zeze was abolished in 1871 with the abolition of the han system, becoming Zeze Prefecture, which was merged with Ōtsu prefecture, and subsequently Shiga Prefecture.
Bakumatsu period holdings
As with most domains in the han system, Ōmizo Domain consisted of a discontinuous territory calculated to provide the assigned kokudaka, based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields.
Ōmi Province
21 villages in Shiga District
76 villages in Kurita District
1 village in Kōka District
7 villages in Azai District
5 villages in Ika District
18 villages in Takashima District
Kawachi Province
15 villages in Nishgori District
List of daimyō
{| class=wikitable
! #||Name || Tenure || Courtesy title || Court Rank || kokudaka
|-
|colspan=6| Toda clan, 1601-1617 (fudai)
|-
||1||||1601–1604||Uneme-no-kami (采女正)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||30,000 koku
|-
||2||||1604–1617||Uneme-no-kami (采女正)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||30,000 koku
|-
|colspan=6| Honda clan, 1617-1621 (fudai)
|-
||1||||1617–1621||Hayato no Shō (隼人正) || Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||30,000 koku
|-
||2||||1621–1621||Shimōsa-no-kami (下総守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||30,000 koku
|-
|colspan=6| Suganuma clan, 1621-1634 (fudai)
|-
||1||||1621–1634||Oribe-no-tsukasa (織部正)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||31,000 koku
|-
|colspan=6| Ishikawa clan, 1634-1651 (fudai)
|-
||1||||1634–1650||Tonomo-no-kami (主殿頭)|| Junior 4th Rank, Lower Grade (従四位下)||53,000 koku
|-
||2||||1651–1651||Tonomo-no-kami (主殿頭)|| Junior 4th Rank, Lower Grade (従四位下)|53,000 koku
|-
|colspan=6| Honda clan, 1651-1871 (fudai)
|-
||2||||1651–1664||Shimōsa-no-kami (下総守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||3||||1664–1679||Hyōbu-shōyu (兵部少輔)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||4||||1679–1714||Oki-no-kami (隠岐守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||5||||1714–1719||Shimōsa-no-kami (下総守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||6||||1719–1747||Shuzen-no-kami (主膳正)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||7||||1747–1765||Oki-no-kami (隠岐守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||8||||1765–1765||Shimōsa-no-kami (下総守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||9||||1765–1771||Oki-no-kami (隠岐守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||10||||1771–1781||Shuzen-no-kami (主膳正)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||11||||1781–1806||Oki-no-kami (隠岐守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||12||||1806–1847||Hyōbu-daisuke (兵部大輔)|| Junior 4th Rank, Lower Grade (従四位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||13||||1847–1856|| Oki-no-kami (隠岐守)|| Junior 5th Rank, Lower Grade (従五位下)||70,000 koku
|-
||14||||1856–1871||Shuzen-no-kami (主膳正)|| Junior 2nd Rank (従二位)||70,000 koku
|-
|}
See also
List of Han
References
The content of this article was largely derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
External links
Notes
Domains of Japan
1601 establishments in Japan
History of Shiga Prefecture
Ōmi Province
Hacıhasanlar, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Streetnix was a Canadian a cappella group based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. They performed more than 2,500 shows across Canada and the United States, at one time making over 300 appearances a year.
History
Streetnix was founded in 1991. Original members were Aaron Genest, BJ Harris, Tony Hughes, Ward Arnold, Rich Sinclair and Xylon Cozens. The group performed at festivals, fairs and cultural events as well as at concerts.
In 1998, Streetnix won the Contemporary A Cappella Society 'Pop/Rock Album of the Year' award for their album Ignition.
Streetnix disbanded in 2002.
Members
Aaron Genest (September 1991 - April 2002)
BJ Harris (September 1991 - April 2002)
Tony Hughes (September 1991 - April 2002)
Ward Arnold (September 1991 - December 1994)
Rich Sinclair (September 1991 - December 1992)
Xylon Cozens (September 1991 - December 1992)
Dave Young (January 1993 - May 1995)
Peter Graham (April 1995 - September 1995)
Trent Funk (May 1995 - June 1998)
Joel Cherland (July 1998 - June 1999)
Thom Speck (July 1999 - August 2001)
Corey Slutsky (September 2001 - April 2002)
Discography
Listen (1993) - produced by Don Schmid of The Northern Pikes
Time Permitting (1995) - produced by Ian Armstrong
Ignition (1998) - produced by Darryl Neudorf and Dave Mockford
The Lost Tapes (1998)
Listen (re-release 1998)
Real (2001)
Featured on:
The Non-Happner's - One Degree of Shade (1995)
Chris Martin - Self Titled (1996)
Jolene Beyette - Jolene Beyette (1997)
A Cappella All-Stars: The 1998 CARAs (1998)
Indie Buzz: Super Crunchy (1999)
Hot Lips: The Vocal Band Sampler (1999)
References
External links
Musical groups established in 1991
Musical groups disestablished in 2002
Musical groups from Saskatoon
Canadian pop music groups
A cappella musical groups
Canadian male singers
1991 establishments in Saskatchewan
2002 disestablishments in Saskatchewan
Shivani Rajashekar is an Indian actor and model who appears primarily in Telugu and Tamil films. They made their acting debut with the film Adbhutham (2021). In 2022, Shivani was supposed to represent Tamil Nadu in the Femina Miss India 2022 but withdrew due to medical reasons.
Early life
Shivani was born on 1 July 1996 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu to Rajasekhar and Jeevitha. They were then raised in Hyderabad, Telangana.
Filmography
References
External links
1996 births
Telugu actores
Actresses from Chennai
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Indian Hindus
21st-century Indian actores
Indian film actores
Female models from Chennai
Living people
Mount Lunde () is a mountain ridge close south of Mount Gleadell, in the western part of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land, Antarctica. It was sighted by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions Amundsen Bay party, under P.W. Crohn in October 1956, and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for J. Lunde, a senior diesel mechanic at Wilkes Station in 1960.
References
Mountains of Enderby Land
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Volusia County, Florida.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Volusia County, Florida, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 109 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks. Another district was once listed but has been removed.
Current listings
|}
Former listing
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Florida
National Register of Historic Places listings in Florida
References
Volusia County
Eunan O'Neill ( ; born Newry, County Down, 12 August 1982) is an Irish television presenter.
Early life
O'Neill grew up in Crossmaglen, Co Armagh.
They graduated in Communication, Advertising and Marketing at the University of Ulster. They also studied International Business at Wesley College in Delaware, and holds a postgraduate degree in Broadcast Journalism from the University of Sheffield.
Broadcasting career
Since 2005 O'Neill has worked for the international Russian television network, Russia Today, and is one of the station's main news anchors.
Personal life
O'Neill was a member of the Amateur Irish Kickboxing Squad for five years.
References
1982 births
Living people
Wesley College (Delaware) alumni
Television presenters from Northern Ireland
People from Newry
People educated at Abbey Christian Brothers' Grammar School
RT (TV network) people
Irish expatriates in Russia
This article lists the performances of each of the 50 national teams which have made at least one appearance in the IHF World Women's Handball Championship finals.
Debut of teams
Each successive World Women's Handball Championship has had at least one team appearing for the first time. Teams in parentheses are considered successor teams by IHF.
Participation details
Legend
– Champions
– Runners-up
– Third place
– Fourth place
5th – Fifth place
6th – Sixth place
7th – Seventh place
8th – Eighth place
9th – Ninth place
10th – Tenth place
11th – Eleventh place
12th – Twelfth place
MR – Main round
GS – Group stage
Q – Qualified for upcoming tournament
– Qualified but withdrew
– Did not qualify
– Did not enter / Withdrew from the World Championship / Banned
– Hosts
For each tournament, the number of teams in each finals tournament (in brackets) are shown.
Results of host nations
Results of defending champions
References
World Handball Championship tournaments
Lyell Lake () is a lake on the east side of Lyell Glacier, South Georgia. The moraine-dammed lake has a series of terraces above the current shoreline, marking former lake levels. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1991 in association with Lyell Glacier.
References
Lakes of South Georgia
Kuopion Elo (originally Männistön Elo) is a football club from Kuopio, Finland. They currently play in Nelonen, fifth tier of Finnish football. Elo is the oldest existing football club in Kuopio
History
Kuopion Elo was founded as Männistön Elo by local working class youth in 1919. In past club has also played other sports. From early on their home area have been Männistö and Itkonniemi districts north of Kuopio city center. At the beginning they played only against Kuopion Riento. They played their first match in 1919. In 1929 club possessions where ceased by court as a leftist organization and some members founded a new club called Männistön Urheilijat, some joined Kuopion Kisa-Veikot. In 1946 Männistön Urheilijat continued as Männistön Elo. They have played 3 seasons in Finnish top tier mestaruussarja. In late 1980s club had financial difficulties and they eventually merged with other financially troubled club Koparit to form FC Kuopio. Elo continued football in 2012 season from sixth tier vitonen.
Season to season
3 seasons in Mestaruussarja
20 seasons in I Divisioona
16 seasons in II Divisioona
1 season in Kolmonen
6 seasons in Nelonen
4 seasons in Vitonen
References and sources
Official Kuopion Elo Website
Finnish Wikipedia
References
Football clubs in Finland
Kuopio
1919 establishments in Finland
Bodonematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Araeolaimida.
Genera:
Bodonema Jensen, 1991
References
Nematodes
Velvet Acid Christ (VAC) is an electro-industrial band based in Denver, Colorado. The band was formed in 1990 by lead vocalist, musician, and producer Bryan Erickson (aka Disease Factory), and later featured various ex-members of Toxic Coma. The project gained limited popularity in Europe's underground nightclub scene during the mid-1990s with the compilation Church of Acid (1996) before expanding into other markets in the goth and industrial subcultures. The band's discography includes 14 albums, the latest being Ora Oblivionis (2019).
History
Early projects, early changes, and first albums (1990–1995)
In the early 1990s, Erickson and Gregory, both residents of Colorado, brought together their shared interest in creating music to record a series of demos in Erickson's mom's basement. With the addition of Gary Slaughter and Chris Workman, the group attempted several bands, including Disease Disco Factory, a parody of then-popular Dance group C+C Music Factory. Following a turbulent period for Erickson and Slaughter, Workman left the group. Slaughter and Erickson experimented with two new side-projects, Cyber Christ and Vortex. Cyber Christ explored a harsh and melancholy sound that was a sharp contrast to the group's other projects. When Erickson discovered that the term "Cyber Christ" had been used in the 1992 film The Lawnmower Man, they renamed the band Velvet Acid Christ "in honor of a bad acid trip". The Vortex project was merged into Velvet Acid Christ to form one body of work.
In 1994, Workman returned to assist with the band's self-produced Gothic-styled demo tape, Fate. Given encouraging response from friends, the band followed up with other self-produced albums, 1994's Pestilence, a dance-oriented album, and 1995's Neuralblastoma, a harder-sounding album.
Erickson, along with friends and minor contributors Steve Bird and Dan Olson, started the brief-lived record label Electro Death Trip (EDT) Records to better promote these recordings. In 1995, the three began distributing hand-made CD copies of Fate, Pestilence, and Neuralblastoma for resale in local music shops.
Label interest, touring, and a troubled rise (1996–2000)
Slaughter and Workman temporarily left the band during the first half of 1996 as Erickson continued the project alone, handing out copies of Velvet Acid Christ's recordings to industry representatives, including musician Bill Leeb of industrial pioneers Front Line Assembly. Leeb passed the CD on to Thorsten Stroht, a media promoter with European label Off-Beat Records. Off-Beat A&R negotiated a deal with the band.
For their first Off-Beat release, the group submitted 1996's Church of Acid, a compilation of selected tracks from Velvet Acid Christ's first three albums with an additional two new tracks, "Disflux" and "Futile". Church of Acid was well received in Europe, and "Futile" became a regularly played track in many nightclubs across the continent. In 1997, United States label Pendragon Records released Church of Acid in America, though the two new tracks were removed due to a lack of trademark clearance for television samples used in the songs. The album hit #15 on the CMJ RPM chart in the U.S.
The band's next album, Calling Ov the Dead, was rejected by Off-Beat for not sounding edgy enough, prompting Slaughter's permanent departure. The band addressed the label's concerns and released Calling Ov the Dead in late 1997, with American distribution following through Pendragon in 1998. In the process, Erickson had accumulated a substantial financial debt.
With a line-up consisting of Erickson, Stroht and German musician Ingo Beitz, the band toured Europe in 1998 with Off-Beat label-mate Suicide Commando, which attracted the attention of Metropolis Records, the largest industrial label in the United States. The parent label of Pendragon, Metropolis distributed the album Neuralblastoma, as a partnership that would endure.
Velvet Acid Christ spent the majority of 1999 in the studio, first collaborating with Germany's Funker Vogt on a remix EP entitled Velvet Acid Christ Vs Funker Vogt: The Remix Assault, then shifting to Velvet Acid Christ's next full-length recording, Fun With Knives. With Workman an occasional contributor, Erickson sought production assistance on Fun With Knives from the bands Luxt and New 4th Army (Josh and Lisa Wilson.) Fun with Knives, released by Metropolis and new Off-Beat sub-label Dependent, became the band's best-selling album peaking at #6 on the CMJ RPM Charts and ranked #18 Album on the German Alternative Charts (DAC) for 1999. Sales were propelled by the singles "Decypher" and "Fun with Drugs", and by the track "Slut", which featured vocals from Luxt's Anna Christine. "Fun with Drugs" was the #7 single on the DAC top 50 singles chart for 1999.
In spite of the success of the band, stress had led Erickson into depression and increased drug abuse, which channeled into the creation of the band's next album, Twisted Thought Generator, which peaked at #9 on the CMJ RPM Charts. Simultaneously, the band toured Europe with industrial acts Project X and Stromkern and toured the United States and Canada with bands Din_Fiv and Haujobb. The line-up of the band during this period was unstable. Workman, citing a conversion to Christianity, resigned from the band with a request that their name be retracted from all previous albums. The first leg of the European tour consisted of Erickson, Bird and Stroht; the second leg, Erickson and Olson. The North American tour was performed by Erickson, Stroht and drummer Paul Lipman. With various contributors, Erickson completed Twisted Thought Generator. Due to lingering disputes, they withdrew the band from Dependent Records and submitted the album to Metropolis.
Change of pace, new early material, and beyond (2001–)
Erickson placed Velvet Acid Christ on a short hiatus in 2001, as they abandoned their dependence on drugs in favour of exercise and a vegan raw foodist diet. Newly clean, Erickson created the 2003 album Hex Angel: Utopia/Dystopia. Though critical response was mixed, Hex Angel: Utopia/Dystopia ranked #1 on Germany's Deutsche Alternative Charts (DAC) for four weeks after its release, and the album's single "Pretty Toy" peaked at #4 on the DAC during the same year. The album also marked the band's short-lived return to Dependent Records.
Erickson spent 2004 releasing and reissuing some of Velvet Acid Christ's earliest material. With the four-volume compilation series Between the Eyes, the band published a collection of its singles and B-sides, then followed with subsequent re-releases of Fate (Vol. 2), Pestilence (Vol. 3), and Neuralblastoma (Vol. 4). The band also offered free MP3 downloads of Dimension 8 and Oblivion Interface on its website until early 2005. Dimension 8, which had been available as a hidden bonus on Twisted Thought Generator, and Oblivion Interface (informally known as Between the Eyes, Vol. 5) provided fans with previously unheard work from the Cyber Christ-Vortex era of 1991–1994.
In 2005, Erickson collaborated with guitarist Todd Loomis on a new album, Lust for Blood, which was released on September 26, 2006. With Lust for Blood, the crew labored intensively to create a new overall sound while maintaining the band's original characteristics. Following its release, Lust for Blood peaked at #1 on Germany's DAC and ranked #5 on the DAC Top 50 Albums of 2006; the album's single release, "Wound", ranked on the DAC's singles chart for eight weeks, peaking at #1 and ranking #5 on the year's singles chart.
In October 2009, Velvet Acid Christ, Erickson wrote most of the LP, Loomis did a little work on it and was busy working on their project "The Twilight Garden", released The Art of Breaking Apart. This LP was a tribute to bands like Current 93 and Death in June and brought VAC many new fans while distancing some of their previous fans. It was the first album to feature an acoustic guitar and untreated vocals redefining what Velvet Acid Christ could sound like. 2010 saw the release of the Caustic Disco EP featuring remixes of the original song.
In 2010–2011, Bryan Erickson teamed up with William Anderson of Louisiana. William did a ton of sampling, Bryan made a bunch of VAC B-sides and turned them into Toxic Coma tracks. The project is very old with a revolving door of members, again Bryan being the main constant. This LP fuses the techno sound of Fun With Knives and the brutal black humor of Toxic Coma. This VAC side project is known as Toxic Coma Satan Rising, on Metropolis Records. Erickson then began to write more music for future VAC LPs.
In October 2012, Velvet Acid Christ released their latest LP entitled Maldire. Moving back to Renoise for the album which was also used on Toxic Coma. Due to a lack of funding for the album it features the "most software vsts to date". The release marked a return to the darker electronic sound with aggressive vocals that VAC is renowned for. Erickson formed a live band and toured extensively (2012–2014) to support the album.
On October 28, 2014, the Subconscious Landscapes LP was released, containing all the B-sides from Maldire. It features "densely layered, complex, and atmospheric tracks calling on influences in the ranges of Juno Reactor, Massive Attack, and Delerium". As a natural progression from the hypnotic grooves of past songs, the first half of the album highlights guest vocals from Sabine Theroni and Margolzata Wacht, while the second half takes a darker turn. Dire Land released in June 2015 was a remix LP meant to serve as a singles companion for Maldire and Subconscious Landscapes, with remixes from God Module, Decoded Feedback, Assemblage 23, Dead Hand Project and others. The Greatest Hits album featuring newly remastered songs built to feature "more bass and tame the high [frequencies]" was released in 2016. A webstore was launched in 2017 on the site.
Musical style
The majority of the band's work is categorized among the genres of industrial, gothic rock, electro-industrial, and EBM. The band's tone ranges between angry, upbeat, sad, and psychedelic. The band's lyrical content offers a varied focus, including such topics as IRC, love, hate, depression, misanthropy, drugs, and religion. Erickson is the group's main songwriter.
Much of Velvet Acid Christ's musical composition has been produced with synthesizers and computer software. Other instruments used by the band include sequencers such as drum machines and electric guitars with effects pedals. Sampling is another technique commonly employed by the band.
Influences
The band cites many musical influences, including among many others Aphex Twin, Rush, Skinny Puppy, Cocteau Twins, The Cure, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and Astral Projection.
Personnel
Current members
Bryan Erickson (1990 – present) – lead vocals, guitar, mixing, production,
Discography
Albums
Fate – (CS album, limited edition [150 copies]) 1994 – no label (CD album, limited edition [50 copies]) 1994 – no label
Pestilence – (CS, limited edition [100 copies]) 1994 – no label (CD, limited edition [50 copies]) 1994 – no label
Neuralblastoma – (CDr album, limited edition) 1995 – Electric Death Trip Records
Calling ov the Dead – (CD album) 1998 – Pendragon Records (US), Off Beat (EU)
Fun with Knives – (CD album) 1999 – Metropolis (US), Dependent Records (EU)
Twisted Thought Generator – (CD album, enhanced) 2000 – Metropolis
Hex Angel: (Utopia – Dystopia) – (CD album) 2003 – Dependent Records (EU), Metropolis (US)
Lust for Blood – (CD album) 2006 – Metropolis
The Art of Breaking Apart – (CD album) 2009 – Metropolis
Maldire – (CD album) 2012 – Metropolis (US), Dependent Records (EU)
Subconscious Landscapes – (CD album) 2014 – Metropolis
Dire Land – (The Remix Album) 2015 – Metropolis
Ora Oblivionis – (CD album) 2019
Compilations
Church of Acid – (CD) 1996 – Off Beat (EU) (CD) 1997 – Pendragon Records (US) (compilation of tracks later released as 'Between The Eyes' volumes 2–4)
Neuralblastoma – (CD album, limited edition [2500 copies]) 1998 – Metropolis (US) / Off Beat (EU) (second compilation of tracks later released as 'Between The Eyes' volumes 2–4)
Between the Eyes Vol. 1 – (CD) 2004 – Metropolis (singles compilation)
Between the Eyes Vol. 2 – (CD) 2004 – Metropolis (re-release of early album "Fate" (orig. rel. 1994))
Between the Eyes Vol. 3 – (CD) 2004 – Metropolis (re-release of early album "Pestilence" (orig. rel. 1994))
Between the Eyes Vol. 4 – (CD) 2004 – Metropolis (re-release of early album "Neuralblastoma" (orig. rel. 1995))
Greatest Hits – (CD album) 2016 – Metropolis
EPs
– (CD Maxi) 1999 – Metropolis
Fun With Drugs – (CD Maxi) 1999 – Dependent Records (Strictly same content as on "Decypher")
Razordisc – (CD Maxi, limited edition) 1999 – Dependent Records, only available as part of the limited edition Fun With Knives (retitled Fun With Razors) boxset
The Remix Wars: Strike 4 – Velvet Acid Christ vs. Funker Vogt – (CD) 1999 – Metropolis (US), Off Beat (EU) • (CD) 2002 – Synthetic Symphony
Dial8 – (CD Maxi, Enhanced) 2001 – Metropolis (Includes 'Decipher' fanmade video by Cardinal91)
Pretty Toy – (CD Maxi) 2003 – Dependent Records (EU), Metropolis (US)
Wound – (CD Maxi) 2006 – Metropolis
Caustic Disco – (CD Maxi) 2009 – Dependent Records (EU), 2010 – Metropolis (US)
Wrack – (CD Maxi) 2017 – Metropolis (US)
Digital
Dimension 8 – (MP3 Files) 2000, no label (on "Twisted Thought Generator" CD as a data track, also released online for free, temporarily. made prior to 1993)
Oblivion Interface – (MP3 Files) 2004, no label (released online for free, temporarily. made between 1992 and 1994)
References
External links
Sample information
American electro-industrial music groups
Musical groups established in 1990
Electronic music groups from Colorado
Metropolis Records artists
Dependent Records artists
Off Beat label artists
Weinan railway station () is a railway station of Longhai Railway located in Linwei District of Weinan city in Shaanxi province, China. The stations were opened on 1 July 1934.
History
The station was built after the Northern Expedition, the Nanjing-based Republican government took control of construction and extended the Longhai Railway further west from Tongguan via Weinan to Xi'an in 1934.
During the Xi'an Incident, the building of the station was heavily destroyed due to Air Force bombings sent by They Yingqin.
In 1958, the station was wholly moved from the original location of to the new location of Qianjin Road, the old station was changed into a cargo station.
Trains
Weinan station has trains to almost all major Chinese cities. Due to the opening of high-speed railways and the Weinan North railway station, there is a reduced frequency of trains in Weinan Station.
Stations on the Longhai Railway
Railway stations in Shaanxi
Railway stations in China opened in 1934
Railway stations in Weinan
Science Oxford is part of a charitable organisation called The Oxford Trust, based in Oxford, England. Science Oxford is the trust's education and engagement branch. The Oxford Trust was founded in 1985 by Sir Martin and Lady Audrey Wood. Science Oxford was founded in 2006. Science Oxford operates the Science Oxford Centre, a science museum located in Headington, and educational programmes.
References
External links
Science Oxford website
1985 establishments in England
Organizations established in 1985
Organisations based in Oxford
Education in Oxford
Science and technology in the United Kingdom
Tourist attractions in Oxford
Science museums in England
Museums in Oxford
This is the list of government agencies in Brunei.
Ministries
Brunei, at present, has the following ministries:
Prime Minister's Office (PMO)
Ministry of Finance and Economy (MOFE)
Ministry of Defence (MINDEF)
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA)
Ministry of Home Affairs (MOHA)
Ministry of Education (MOE)
Ministry of Primary Resources and Tourism (MPRT)
Ministry of Development (MOD)
Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports (MCYS)
Ministry of Health (MOH)
Ministry of Religious Affairs (MORA)
Ministry of Communications (MINCOM)
Ministry of Energy, Manpower and Industry (MEMI)
Agencies
Prime Minister's Office
Prime Minister's Office, having status of a ministry, comprises the following agencies:
Anti Corruption Bureau (BMR)
Attorney-General's Chambers (AGC)
Audit Department
Civil Service Institute (IPA)
Councils of State
Department of Economic Planning and Development (JPKE)
Government Printing Department
Information Department
Internal Security Department (KDN)
Management Services Department (MSD)
Narcotics Control Bureau (BKN)
Public Service Commission (SPA)
Public Service Department (PSD)
Royal Brunei Police Force (PPDB)
Radio Television Brunei (RTB)
Royal Customs and Traditions Department
State Judiciary
State Mufti Department (JMK)
Ministry of Finance
The Ministry comprises the following agencies:
Royal Customs and Excise Department
State Supply and Storage Department
Treasury Department
Ministry of Defence
The Ministry comprises the following agencies, but not limited to:
Royal Brunei Armed Forces (ABDB)
Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah Institute of Defence and Strategic Studies (SHHBIDSS)
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade
No agency under this Ministry
Ministry of Home Affairs
The Ministry comprises the following agencies:
District Offices (Belait, Brunei-Muara, Temburong and Tutong)
Fire and Rescue Department
Immigration and National Registration Department (JIPK)
Labour Department
Municipal Boards (Bandar Seri Begawan, Kuala Belait and Seria, and Tutong)
National Disaster Management Centre (NDMC)
Prison Department
Ministry of Education
No agency under this Ministry
Ministry of Primary Resources and Tourism
The Ministry comprises the following agencies:
Agriculture and Agrifood Department
Fisheries Department
Forestry Department
Tourism Development Department
Ministry of Development
The Ministry comprises the following agencies:
Housing Development Department (HDD)
Environment, Parks and Recreation Department (JASTRE)
Land Department
Public Works Department (JKRB)
Survey Department
Town and Country Planning Department (JPBD)
Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports
The Ministry comprises the following agencies:
Community Development Department (JAPEM)
History Centre
Language and Literature Department (DBP)
Museum Department
National Service Programme (PKBN)
Youth and Sports Department
Ministry of Health
No agency under this Ministry
Ministry of Religious Affairs
The Ministry comprises the following agencies, but not limited to:
Seri Begawan Religious Teachers University College (KUPU SB)
Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah Tahfiz al-Quran Institute (ITQSHHB)
Ministry of Communications
The Ministry comprises the following agencies:
Department of Civil Aviation (DCA)
Land Transport Department (JPD)
Meteorological Department (MET Brunei)
Postal Services Department
Ministry of Energy and Industry
The Ministry comprises the following agencies:
Department of Electrical Services (DES)
e-Government National Centre (eGNC)
Notes
References
External links
Government of Brunei
Government of Brunei
Politics of Brunei
Brunei
Government
added child lit portal.
Thomas J. Dygard (August 10, 1931 - October 5, 1996) was an American author and journalist. They wrote several novels for children, relating to sports.
Their best-known titles include:
Second Stringer (Football)
The Rookie Arrives (Baseball)
Outside Shooter (Basketball)
Soccer Duel (Soccer)
Wilderness Peril (Camping, hiking)
References
External links
American children's writers
American male journalists
20th-century American journalists
1931 births
1996 deaths
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American male writers
Symphony of Fate (Chinese: 命运交响曲) is a 2011 Chinese television series starring Yang Mi and Feng Shaofeng. It is a remake of the South Korean drama Cinderella's Sister (2010). The series was broadcast by AHTV and SHTV from 3 October to 18 October 2011.
Plot
This is the story of two sisters named Anqi (Yang Mi) and Anna (Guo Zhenni). Their dream was to be a famous fashion designer, but fate interred with their lives. They fell in love with the same man- Liu Chenxi (Feng Shaofeng). Anna decided to go to Shanghai to pursue a higher degree. Anqi, who failed the Gaokao exam, met a fashion designer named Zhao Tianyou (Zhang Lunshuo). Three years later, Anna was jealous of Anqi's success in their life. Anna replaced Anqi to become a famous model, and Anqi became a custodian. The kind Anqi never blamed their sister and knew that they needed Anna as a sister. Anqi's designs were approved by Zhao Tianyou and they helped Anqi's self-esteem. Even though Anna kept on hurting Anqi, Anqi forgived them every time and eventually defeated Anna. Anqi helped Anna on their career, and the two sisters found their respective happiness.
Cast
Yang Mi as Hao Anqi, the protagonist and Anna's sister
Feng Shaofeng as Liu Chenxi, likes Anqi but died in a car accident
Guo Zhenni as Hao Anna, Anqi's ambitious sister
Chi Shuai as Song Chenghao, Anna's ex and Anqi's new boyfriend
Gao Hao as Yin Haoming, loves Anna
Zhang Lunshuo as Zhao Tianyou, a famous designer
Amanda Chou as Liu Yunxi
Tao Huimin as An Qi's mother
Chen Weimin as An Qi's father
Zuo Ling as Liu Jiayu
Zhu Yushuo as Jian Xiaoai
Soundtrack
References
External links
2011 Chinese television series debuts
Chinese romance television series
Chinese television series based on South Korean television series
Television series by Huace Media
The Oratory or Church del Suffragio is a small Roman Catholic prayer hall or chapel, located on via delle Vergine in Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy. It was formerly the crypt of the Basilica of Santa Maria di Provenzano, Siena, and is accessed from the side alley near the transept.
The simple space has been the property of the Contrada della Giraffa, a ward in north Siena, since 1824. The brick façade leads to a single hall. It houses the venerated icon of the Vergine del Fosso.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Siena
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Doug or Douglas Lewis may refer to:
Doug Lewis (politician) (born 1938), former Canadian politician
Doug Lewis (ice hockey) (1921–1994), Canadian ice hockey player
Doug Lewis (skier) (born 1964), American alpine ski racer
R. Doug Lewis, Executive Director of the Election Center
Douglas Lewis (boxer) (1898–1981), Canadian boxer
Barnard Castle Market Cross (also known as the Butter Market) in the market town of Barnard Castle, Teesdale, County Durham, England, was built in 1747. It is a Grade I listed building.
Gallery
References
External links
Market Cross – Newcastle University
Market Cross – BritishListedBuildings.co.uk
Market Cross, Barnard Castle, County Durham (Cavan Corrigan) – ArtUK
Grade I listed buildings in County Durham
Market crosses in England
Rwanda competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Funding and support
The Rwanda Paralympic Committee was an Agitos Grant Award recipient, with the funding going towards athlete pathway development for Rio and Tokyo. The funding benefited 900 athletes around the country, while it also went to training coaches, classifiers and referees in Rwanda.
The Rwanda NPC has a goal of sending its largest ever Paralympic delegation to Rio.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Hermas Cliff Muvunyi was selected to represent Rwanda at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in the T46 400m and 1500m events. Muyunyi qualified for Rio at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships in Doha, Qatar. Prior to the Games, they announced that they would retire at the conclusion of the Rio Games. Going into Rio, Muyunyi was based at the Amahoro National Stadium where they trained with Eric Karasira.
Sitting volleyball
Rwanda women's national sitting volleyball team qualified for the 2016 Games after winning the African Championships.
See also
Rwanda at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Rwandan sport
Chari Cuthbert is a Jamaican-born, self-taught jewelry designer. Cuthbert is the founder and creative director of the jewelry company ByChari.
Early life and education
Cuthbert, a West Indian woman, was born in 1984 to Jamaican parents. They graduated from The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale with an Associate of Science Degree in Photography.
ByChari (company)
Before they founded ByChari in 2012, they moved to Hawaii and later in 2016 to Los Angeles. They started their business with $100 and is its sole owner. Them jewelry was first sold by Owens & Co. in Downtown Honolulu. They started selling their jewelry exclusively on their website when they moved to L.A.
In August 2020, First Lady Michelle Obama wore a necklace designed by Cuthbert for their 2020 Democratic National Convention speech. The Vote necklace went viral during Obama's speech and, according to CNN, was a top-trending search on Google during the last hour of the convention on August 17, 2020. Cuthbert designed the Vote necklace in 2016 and then started marketing it for the 2018 midterm elections. Obama's stylist, Meredith Koop, ordered the Vote necklace for Obama.
As of 2021, they had a team of ten female employees working for them in Los Angeles.
Them designs have been worn by Michelle Obama, Kate Hudson, Jessica Alba, Rocky Barnes, Rose Huntington-Whiteley, Aimee Song and Chiara Ferragni.
References
American jewelry designers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Women jewellers
Flagstaff, known in Māori as Te Whanaupaki, is a prominent hill overlooking the northwest of the city of Dunedin, in New Zealand's South Island. Together with Mount Cargill, which lies to its northeast, it dominates the skyline of the city. Flagstaff lies seven kilometres to the north of Dunedin's city centre.
The hill was known by the Māori as Whakari, and an anglicised form of this name is still used for the Dunedin suburb of Wakari, which lies to the south of Flagstaff. The city's first road route to the Taieri Plains, which lie to the west, skirted the slopes of Flagstaff, and is still used as an alternative route out of the city.
Flagstaff rises to a height of , and is part of the rim of the Dunedin Volcano, a long-extinct volcano of which the crater forms the Otago Harbour. The Pineapple Track, part of Dunedin's Skyline Walkway, crosses the peak of Flagstaff. The track's unusual name dates from the 1920s, when a local grocer used to act as a guide to the top of Flagstaff, handing out tins of pineapple as a refreshment at the top. The empty cans were often left behind, and were frequently seen along the side of the track as unofficial marker posts. This track, though not an arduous walk, needs to be treated with care, as the weather around Flagstaff can be extremely unpredictable.
References
Bishop, G. and Hamel, A. (1993). From Sea to Silver Peaks. Dunedin : McIndoe Publishers.
Dann, C. and Peat, N. (1989). Dunedin, North and South Otago. Wellington: GP Books.
Geography of Dunedin
Hills of Otago
Walter Erwin Diewert (born 1941) is a Canadian economist. They were born in Vancouver, British Columbia. They completed a B.A. degree in 1963, and an M.A. in mathematics in 1964, both at the University of British Columbia. They completed a Ph.D. at the University of California at Berkeley in 1968.  They are a professor of economics at the University of British Columbia, where they have been a member of the faculty since 1970, and also has a joint appointment at the University of New South Wales.  They are also a Vice President of the Society for Economic Measurement (SEM).
 They are one of the world's leading economists dealing with complex empirical issues related to the measurement of price indexes and productivity. They coauthored a reference book on the mathematics of index numbers.
In a major contribution in 2012, their analysis suggested that Statistics Canada has significantly understated the growth of productivity in Canada.
In 2005, they received the Shiskin Memorial Award for Economic Statistics for their contributions to index number theory. In 2008, they were honored as a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association.
References
1941 births
Living people
Canadian economists
20th-century economists
21st-century economists
People from Vancouver
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of British Columbia faculty
Fellows of the Econometric Society
Distinguished Fellows of the American Economic Association
Comercocha (possibly from Quechua q'umir green, qucha lake, "green lake") is a mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about high. It is situated in the Cusco Region, Canchis Province, Pitumarca District. Comercocha lies west of the lake Sibinacocha and the mountain Pichacani, between the mountain Huayruro Punco in the northeast and the Cóndor Tuco in the south.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
The Braille pattern dots-46 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top and bottom right dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top and lower-middle right dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2828, and in Braille ASCII with a period: "." .
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-46 is used to represent an unvoiced dorsal plosive, such as /k/ or /q/ when multiple letters correspond to these values, and is otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-46 are Braille patterns 467, 468, and 4678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 58, 158, 458, and 1458 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-46, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 046, 467, and 0467 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 58, 158, 458, or 1458
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-46 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 仁
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 3 + 仁/亻 = 尢
- selector 4 + 仁/亻 = 司
- selector 4 + selector 4 + 仁/亻 = 旡
- selector 5 + 仁/亻 = 爰
- selector 6 + 仁/亻 = 尤
- selector 6 + selector 6 + 仁/亻 = 无
- 仁/亻 + selector 6 = 像
Compounds of 仁 and 亻
- お/頁 + 仁/亻 = 仇
- 囗 + 仁/亻 = 内
- ゐ/幺 + 仁/亻 = 納
- れ/口 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 吶
- ⺼ + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 肭
- む/車 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 蚋
- ね/示 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 衲
- え/訁 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 訥
- と/戸 + 囗 + 仁/亻 = 靹
- 仁/亻 + よ/广 = 仄
- 日 + 仁/亻 + よ/广 = 昃
- 仁/亻 + め/目 = 仏
- 仁/亻 + 仁/亻 + め/目 = 佛
- 仁/亻 + こ/子 = 仔
- 仁/亻 + 囗 = 代
- つ/土 + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 垈
- や/疒 + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 岱
- へ/⺩ + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 玳
- し/巿 + 仁/亻 + 囗 = 黛
- 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 任
- ふ/女 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 姙
- る/忄 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 恁
- 心 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 荏
- ね/示 + 仁/亻 + に/氵 = 袵
- 仁/亻 + 日 = 伯
- れ/口 + 仁/亻 = 吏
- 仁/亻 + 仁/亻 = 使
- 仁/亻 + な/亻 = 便
- と/戸 + 仁/亻 + な/亻 = 鞭
- 仁/亻 + は/辶 = 伴
- 仁/亻 + し/巿 = 伸
- 仁/亻 + れ/口 = 伽
- 仁/亻 + ゐ/幺 = 佐
- 仁/亻 + ひ/辶 = 佗
- 仁/亻 + さ/阝 = 作
- ち/竹 + 仁/亻 + さ/阝 = 筰
- 仁/亻 + つ/土 = 佳
- 仁/亻 + や/疒 = 侯
- け/犬 + 仁/亻 + や/疒 = 猴
- ち/竹 + 仁/亻 + や/疒 = 篌
- 仁/亻 + ゑ/訁 = 侵
- 仁/亻 + み/耳 = 侶
- 仁/亻 + ね/示 = 俵
- 仁/亻 + 心 = 俺
- 仁/亻 + ま/石 = 倍
- 仁/亻 + ほ/方 = 倣
- 仁/亻 + り/分 = 倹
- 仁/亻 + 仁/亻 + り/分 = 儉
- 仁/亻 + へ/⺩ = 偏
- 仁/亻 + て/扌 = 停
- 仁/亻 + る/忄 = 偲
- 仁/亻 + ぬ/力 = 側
- 仁/亻 + と/戸 = 偵
- 仁/亻 + 火 = 偽
- 仁/亻 + 仁/亻 + 火 = 僞
- 仁/亻 + け/犬 = 傑
- 仁/亻 + い/糹/#2 = 催
- 仁/亻 + 数 = 傷
- 仁/亻 + き/木 = 僅
- 仁/亻 + の/禾 = 僑
- 仁/亻 + そ/馬 = 僧
- 仁/亻 + を/貝 = 償
- 仁/亻 + え/訁 = 儲
- 仁/亻 + 比 = 化
- え/訁 + 仁/亻 + 比 = 訛
- と/戸 + 仁/亻 + 比 = 靴
- 仁/亻 + ふ/女 = 巫
- よ/广 + 仁/亻 = 坐
- て/扌 + よ/广 + 仁/亻 = 挫
- れ/口 + 仁/亻 + ふ/女 = 噬
- ち/竹 + 仁/亻 + ふ/女 = 筮
- え/訁 + 仁/亻 + ふ/女 = 誣
- 仁/亻 + 氷/氵 = 攸
- 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 悠
- ち/竹 + 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 筱
- い/糹/#2 + 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 絛
- ⺼ + 仁/亻 + ゆ/彳 = 脩
- な/亻 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 从
- 仁/亻 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 仙
- 仁/亻 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 仭
- 仁/亻 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 伜
- 仁/亻 + 宿 + て/扌 = 佇
- 仁/亻 + 宿 + ふ/女 = 佞
- 仁/亻 + ほ/方 + ふ/女 = 侫
- 仁/亻 + 宿 + つ/土 = 俑
- 仁/亻 + 宿 + 氷/氵 = 傚
- 仁/亻 + も/門 + selector 3 = 傴
- 仁/亻 + 宿 + さ/阝 = 僊
- 仁/亻 + 日 + け/犬 = 僭
- 仁/亻 + ふ/女 + 火 = 儘
- 仁/亻 + 龸 + 龸 = 凭
- 仁/亻 + め/目 + 宿 = 覡
Compounds of 司 and 旡
- な/亻 + 仁/亻 = 伺
- へ/⺩ + 仁/亻 = 嗣
- や/疒 + 仁/亻 = 既
- る/忄 + 仁/亻 = 慨
- き/木 + 仁/亻 = 概
- よ/广 + や/疒 + 仁/亻 = 廐
- 日 + や/疒 + 仁/亻 = 曁
- ね/示 + 仁/亻 = 祠
- め/目 + 仁/亻 = 覗
- え/訁 + 仁/亻 = 詞
- せ/食 + 仁/亻 = 飼
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + 仁/亻 = 笥
- よ/广 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 厩
- 氷/氵 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 漑
Compounds of 爰
- ふ/女 + 仁/亻 = 媛
- て/扌 + 仁/亻 = 援
- 日 + 仁/亻 = 暖
- い/糹/#2 + 仁/亻 = 緩
- に/氵 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 湲
- 火 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 煖
Compounds of 尤 and 无
- 龸 + 仁/亻 = 就
- み/耳 + 仁/亻 = 蹴
- 仁/亻 + せ/食 = 鷲
- の/禾 + 仁/亻 = 稽
- ⺼ + selector 6 + 仁/亻 = 肬
- け/犬 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 犹
- や/疒 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 疣
Other compounds
- 氷/氵 + 仁/亻 = 冶
- け/犬 + 仁/亻 = 奈
- て/扌 + け/犬 + 仁/亻 = 捺
- ⺼ + 仁/亻 = 脊
- や/疒 + ⺼ + 仁/亻 = 瘠
- み/耳 + ⺼ + 仁/亻 = 蹐
- ち/竹 + 仁/亻 = 霊
- ち/竹 + ち/竹 + 仁/亻 = 靈
- 仁/亻 + ん/止 = 企
- と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 尼
- に/氵 + 仁/亻 = 泥
- る/忄 + と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 怩
- 日 + と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 昵
- め/目 + と/戸 + 仁/亻 = 眤
- 仁/亻 + 宿 = 介
- 心 + 仁/亻 = 芥
- り/分 + 仁/亻 + 宿 = 个
- な/亻 + 仁/亻 + 宿 = 价
- た/⽥ + 仁/亻 + 宿 = 畍
- や/疒 + 仁/亻 + 宿 = 疥
- 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 令
- 仁/亻 + お/頁 = 領
- な/亻 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 伶
- 囗 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 囹
- る/忄 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 怜
- そ/馬 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 羚
- み/耳 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 聆
- 心 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 苓
- む/車 + 仁/亻 + ろ/十 = 蛉
- と/戸 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 丱
- て/扌 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 托
- 仁/亻 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鶺
Notes
Braille patterns
Eubranchus arci is a species of sea slug or nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae.
Description
The length of this marine species attains 5 mm.
Distribution
This species was described from Punta Hidalgo, Tenerife, , Canary Islands.
References
Ortea, J., 1981 Una nueva especie de Eubranchus (Mollusca: Opistobranchia) de Tenerife, Islas Canarias Revista de Biologia de la Universidad de Oviedo, 20-21(1979-1980) 169-176
Eubranchidae
Gastropods described in 1981
Southmoor Apartment Hotel is a historic apartment hotel located at Hammond, Lake County, Indiana. It was built in 1928, and is a five-story, "L"-plan building with a reinforced concrete frame and hollow tile exterior sheathed in brick and terra cotta. The building is in the Spanish Colonial Revival style.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
References
Hammond, Indiana
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Mission Revival architecture in Indiana
Residential buildings completed in 1928
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
World Basketball League (WBL) was a minor professional basketball league in the United States and Canada that ran from 1988 to 1992. It was founded as the International Basketball Association in November 1987, before changing its name prior to the 1988 season. One of the major differences between it and other leagues was that it had a height restriction. Players over 6 ft 5 in (1.95 m) were not allowed to play; this restriction was raised to 6 ft 7 in (2.0 m) in 1991.
Basketball Hall-of-Famer and Boston Celtic great Bob Cousy (6'1" tall) was one of the league's founders. Norm Drucker, a 25-year veteran referee with the National Basketball Association and American Basketball Association, and a former supervisor of officials for the NBA, served as the WBL's supervisor of officiating. One of the league's founders, Michael Monus, was eventually convicted of having embezzled $10 million to finance the league, from a privately owned company they had founded, Phar-Mor. They were sentenced to nine (9) years in federal prison.
In addition to games against other teams in the league, games were also played against international teams. The league had several of its games broadcast on television. In Canada, the games were broadcast on the CanWest Global System. In the United States, the games were broadcast on SportsChannel America. Mike Rice was the primary analyst for the SportsChannel broadcasts.
After the league folded in 1992, the surviving Canadian-based teams formed the National Basketball League. This league played two seasons before it folded as well.
Teams
International Teams
Champions of WBL
1988 Las Vegas Silver Streaks 102 Chicago Express 95 (one-game playoff)
1989 Youngstown Pride won best of three series two games to none over Calgary 88's
1990 Youngstown Pride won best of five championship series three games to two over the Calgary 88's
1991 Dayton Wings won best of five championship series three games to none over the Calgary 88's
1992 Dayton Wings declared champions as leaders of regular season (due to league folding on August 1)
Awards
WBL Championship MVP
1988: Jamie Waller, Las Vegas Silver Streaks
1989: Barry Mitchell, Youngstown Pride
1990: Barry Mitchell, Youngstown Pride
1991: Perry McDonald, Dayton Wings
Player of the Year
This award was established in 1991.
1991: Tracy Moore, Florida Jades
Rookie of the Year
This award was established in 1991.
1991: J. J. Eubanks, Nashville Stars
Sixth Man of the Year
1988: Chip Engelland, Calgary 88s
1989: Keith Smart, Worcester Counts
1990: Troy Lewis, Youngstown Pride
1991: Kelsey Weems, Calgary 88s
Coach of the Year
1988: Mike Thibault, Calgary 88s
1989: Bob Patton, Youngstown Pride
1990: Sonny Allen, Las Vegas Silver Streaks
1991: Pat Haley, Dayton Wings
Statistical leaders
Notable players
NBA players
These players played at least 1 game in the NBA
Vincent Askew
Dudley Bradley
Scott Brooks
Carlos Clark
Fred Cofield
Mario Elie
David Henderson
Alfredrick Hughes
Cedric Hunter
Darryl Johnson
Anthony Jones
Doug Lee
Tim Legler
Jim Les
Sidney Lowe
Kenny Natt
Craig Neal
Jose Slaughter
Keith Smart
John Starks
Jim Thomas
Andre Turner
Mark Wade
Milt Wagner
Jamie Waller
Perry Young
Other leagues
These players have won at least 1 individual award while playing in professional leagues
Joe Dawson
Aivar Kuusmaa
Darryl McDonald
Igors Miglinieks
Barry Mitchell
Clyde Vaughan
References
External links
History of the league
SportsChannel
Defunct basketball leagues in the United States
Basketball leagues in Canada
The Roman Catholic Garnet Chapel (also: 'Capella Granata'), known in German as 'Granatkapelle', is situated at the Penken saddle (German: the Penkenjoch) near the Penken. This religious building can be found northeast of an artificial lake and forms part of the community of Finkenberg in the Zillertal (valley). This valley in the district of Schwaz is in the state (German Bundesland) of Tyrol. The chapel belongs to the parish of Finkenberg, therefore to the Deanery of Fuegen-Jenbach and thus to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Innsbruck.
The chapel is dedicated to Engelbert Kolland, a friar of the Franciscan Order (OFM), who was beatified on 10 October 1926. Father Kolland was born in Ramsau, a small village in the Zillertal.
Location
The chapel is situated at approximately 2087 masl, about 40 metres northeast of the artificial Penken lake (German: Speicherteich Penken). The linear distance between chapel and village centre of Finkenberg amounts to approx 2,000 metres and about four kilometres to Mayrhofen, a town in the east, whereas it is about 6.5 kilometres to Ramsau in the Zillertal, a village in the northeast.
History
In the years 2011 and 2012 plans to build the chapel were established, and on 10 July 2012 negotiations on how to realize the construction were held. This day was the exact date of death of the beatified Engelbert Kolland. On 17 June 2013 construction work started. After it was finished, various clerics of the Catholic Church then inaugurated the religious building on 22 September 2013, the very day that the beatified Engelbert Kolland had been baptized.
Building
The chapel was constructed in the name of the Brindlinger family and planned by Mario Botta, a Swiss architect. In earlier times this family had earned a living by mining for garnets. Therefore, obviously the idea occurred to build this chapel in the form of a garnet.
The religious building is a free-standing, two-storey wood construction in the form of a garnet that is open onto all sides. It is situated on a prominent rock and disposes of twelve identical rhomboid surfaces (rhombic dodecahedron). Weathering steel is used on the outside to shield the wooden construction.
The entrance as well as the vestry and information on the life of Engelbert Kolland can be found on the ground floor. The chapel itself is located on the first floor. Its interior is lined with mainly regional larch wood.
The glass dome produces interesting light effects on the ceiling. The altar made of walnut wood and a portrait of the beatified Engelbert Kolland were created by Markus Thurner, born in 1970 in Maurach am Achensee (by the Achen Lake). The portrait is a wooden mosaique which consists of five different regional types of wood from maple, cherry, apple and pear trees as well as walnut.
Hiking route
The chapel can be reached on foot from the top station of the Finkenberg gondola lift, the Finkenberger Almbahnen, in about 10 minutes.
Literature
(only in German available)
Josef Brindlinger, Petrus Schüler OFM: …und manchmal stellt es sich sogar heraus, dahttps://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Garnet_Chapel&action=editss es ein Schatz ist, in: Im Land des Herrn, Franziskanische Zeitschrift für das Heilige Land, 74. Jahrgang, Heft 4, 2020, S. 23 ff.
Gottfried Egger: Zwischen Glocke und Minarett: Das Leben des Engelbert Kolland, Salzburg 2010, Verlag Anton Pustet.
References
Buildings and structures in Tyrol (state)
Roman Catholic chapels in Austria
The Harper County Courthouse, located at 201 N. Jennings Ave. in Anthony, is the seat of government of Harper County, Kansas. Built in 1907, the courthouse replaced a smaller and more modest courthouse and represented the county's prosperity at the time. The construction of the courthouse also settled a lingering controversy over Harper County's seat. George P. Washburn, a prominent Kansas architect, designed the courthouse. The courthouse's design features four corner towers and a clock tower at the center of the building. The west and east entrances to the building feature stone porches. The arched third-story windows of the courthouse are connected by a band of stone encircling the building.
The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22, 1978.
References
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Government buildings completed in 1908
Buildings and structures in Harper County, Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Harper County, Kansas
1908 establishments in Kansas
The Liberty of the Rolls was a liberty, and civil parish, in the metropolitan area of London, England.
The Liberty was probably created in the late medieval period by its removal from the Farringdon Without Ward of City of London, and consisted of the part of the ancient parish of St Dunstan-in-the-West that was in the Ossulstone hundred of Middlesex, the rest of the parish was within the City.
It became a separate civil parish in 1866.
Named perhaps after the ancient Rolls House upon Chancery Lane where the rolls of the Court of Chancery of England were kept, or perhaps, like other parishes, the chapel. The site of the house and chapel became the nucleus of the Public Record Office, now the Maugham Library and Provost's Lodgings of King's College London.
It was grouped into the Strand District in 1855 when it came within the area of responsibility of the Metropolitan Board of Works.
It was a civil parish from 1866, which became part of the County of London in 1889 and in 1900 part of the Metropolitan Borough of Westminster. It was abolished as a civil parish in 1922. However, its boundary could be readily seen as that area of Westminster which was the conjunction between the City of London and the Metropolitan Borough of Holborn (and later the London Borough of Camden). This apparent territorial anomaly disappeared in 1994 when the Local Government Commission for England altered the border to place all of the area east of Chancery Lane into the City.
See also
Master of the Rolls
References
External links
'Book 5, Ch. 2: The suburbs of the City', A New History of London: Including Westminster and Southwark (1773), pp. 747-68. Date accessed: 7 June 2007.
'London, past and present; its history, associations, and traditions, by Henry B. Wheatley, F.S.A. Based upon the Handbook of London, by the late Peter Cunningham.' (1891) as quoted in White, David E. "Joseph Butler: Places Associated". Date accessed: 7 June 2007.
History of the City of Westminster
Liberties of London
Parishes united into districts (Metropolis)
Former civil parishes in London
Greiman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alan J. Greiman (1931-2022), American judge and politician from Illinois
April Greiman (born 1948), American designer
See also
Jane Greimann (1942–2006), American politician from Iowa
is a railway station in the city of Okazaki, Aichi, Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
Lines
Higashi Okazaki Station is served by the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line and is 29.8 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Toyohashi Station.
Station layout
The station has two elevated island platforms connected by a footbridge. The station has automated ticket machines, Manaca automated turnstiles and is staffed.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Station history
Higashi Okazaki Station was opened on August 8, 1923 as a station on the privately held Aichi Electric Railway. The Aichi Electric Railway was acquired by the Meitetsu Group on August 1, 1935.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 39,675 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Okazaki City Hall
Okazaki Castle
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Official web page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1923
Railway stations in Aichi Prefecture
Stations of Nagoya Railroad
Okazaki, Aichi
Koischkau (German: Koiszków) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. After the expulsion of Germans from Poland the German population was forced to leave the region and go to the modern day German border. There is a medium sized minority in Koiszków (Koischkau) of Germans at 15% of the population.Koiszków (Koischaku) was originally a Prussian/German settlement in the Kingdom of Prussia then it was reunited with the German Empire. The native language of Koischaku was German and the German Silesian dialect. After 1945 the Village was given to Poland.
History
Koiszków (Koischaku) was originally a Prussian/German settlement in the Kingdom of Prussia then it was reunited with the German Empire.The native language of Koischkau was German and the German Silesian dialect. After 1945 the Village was given to Poland. Koischkau was ruled by Germans for over 700 years after The kingdom of Bohemia which was in the Holy Roman Empire controlled the land then it was a part of the German Confederation. Shortly later it was incorporated into the German Empire, after the treaty of Versailles it was still part of the Weimar Republic but after the Nazi government took power it was made a city in Nazi Germany. After Nazi Germany lost WW2 Germany lost these lands which were given to Poland and its german residents were killed or expelled but recently 15% said they had German Heritage.
References
Villages in Legnica County
The Tjeraridjal are an indigenous people of the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. Horton treats them as synonymous with the Nyanganyatjara, or it may be that they speak the same dialect of the Western Desert Language.
Country
Tjeraridjal lands, according to Norman Tindale, covered some . At Munuruna/Queen Victoria Spring. Their western borders lay around Kurnalpi and the areas of Lake Yindarlgooda,Piniin, and Karonie. To the east, it extended to the vicinity of Naretha on the margins of the Nullarbor Plain. In native terms, their northeastern limits were designated as being at Kapi Kirkela and Tjikarunja.
Of the ecological transition on the eastern boundary Tindale writes:-
'the eastern boundary of the Tjeraridjal, near Naretha, is strongly emphasized by the change from sclerophyll forests of mallee and gimlet to myall and bulloak which mark the transition to the vast karst treeless plateau of the Nullarbor Plain.'
Notes
Citations
Sources
Aboriginal peoples of Western Australia
Tsyrkuny (; ) is a village in Kharkiv Raion (district) in Kharkiv Oblast of eastern Ukraine, at about north-east from the centre of Kharkiv city. It hosts the administration of Tsyrkuny rural hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
The settlement came under attack by Russian forces during the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022.
Demographics
The settlement had 6310 inhabitants in 2001, native language distribution as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian: 75.88%
Russian: 23.20%
Belarusian: 0.25%
Moldavian: 0.22%
Armenian: 0.17%
other languages: 0.56%
References
Villages in Kharkiv Raion
Kharkovsky Uyezd
The players draft for the seventh season of Pakistan Super League took place on 12 December 2021 at the High Performance Centre in Lahore. Before the draft, the teams were allowed to retain a maximum of 8 players and make any transfers. The transfer and retention window closed on 10 December 2021.
Background
The Pakistan Cricket Board announced that Lahore Qalanders will have the first pick. The total purse for each team was capped at $1.2 million.
Each team was also allowed to pick two additional players in the supplementary round. They also had the right to exercise one wildcard pick. In a first in PSL, right-to-match cards were introduced allowing franchises to buy back a maximum of one player that they have released on the draft day by paying the respective fee against each category:
Platinum ($130,000-$170,000)
Diamond ($60,000-$80,000)
Gold ($40,000-$50,000)
Silver ($15,000-$25,000)
Emerging ($7,500)
Transfers
Shahid Afridi and Englishman James Vince were traded from the Multan Sultans to the Quetta Gladiators. As part of the transfer, the Sultans took Quetta's diamond and silver round picks, respectively.
2021 season's Islamabad United players Iftikhar Ahmed was swapped with Quetta Gladiators' wicket-keeper-batsman Azam Khan, while Hussain Talat was traded to Peshawar Zalmi in return for Zalmi's silver category 2nd round pick.
Retained players
On 10 December 2021, the Pakistan Cricket Board announced the retention players list. All the teams were allowed to retain a maximum of 8 players from the previous season. All four franchises fully utilized their quota of eight player retentions apart from Multan Sultans and Quetta Gladiators.
Draft picks
More than 425 players from 32 countries were registered for the draft. For the emerging category, players should be under 23 as of 1 January 2022 and could have either played less than 10 PSL matches in previous seasons but have not been selected in the national squad.
Replacements
A replacement player draft took place through a virtual session on 8 January 2022, in which the franchises were also allowed on their request to pick additional two supplementary players. The order of selection was decided through random draw, with each team allowed to pick maximum one foreign player. Zalmi and Gladiators, each reserved their one pick; and announced the names on 17 January.
Few other replacements were announced afterwards. Earlier, players from Cricket South Africa were also in contact to sign in due to cancellation of the 2022 Mzansi Super League, however they were not allowed due to prior commitments of South African cricket team in New Zealand in 2021–22.
List of additional players to be kept in a bio-secure bubble, in case of emergency replacement was announced on 20 January.
References
External link
Cricket in Pakistan
Pakistan Super League player drafts
2022 Pakistan Super League
Camili is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Parine Jaddo (born in Baghdad, Iraq in 1956) is an Iraqi Arab Americanfilm director.
Biography
Jaddo was born in Baghdad into a working class intellectual and artistic family that was forced to move frequently due to political turmoil in the Middle East. Them family escaped from Iraq and moved to Lebanon where they had studied biology at the American University of Beirut with plans to become a medical doctor but soon their family fled Lebanon when civil war broke out in the mid-'70s despite them staying to finish their degree, where they were sheltered by an American couple from San Diego.
Following the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, Jaddo came to the U.S. They attended Howard University, where they completed their master's in fine arts with a speciality in film in 1995.
The short movie Aisha, was shot on a 35mm film while a film professor at Howard University and was filmed on the eve of the first American conflict with Iraq. This movie was screened at the Women's Museum of Art in Washington DC.
They have also worked on Sankofa with the Ethiopian filmmaker Haile Gerima.
Them first documentary, Broken Record, which was inspired by the passing of their mother, was screened at the Reel Iraq festival in the United Kingdom in 2013.
They currently reside and works in Beirut, Lebanon, where they have collaborated with the Arab Image Foundation and taught film courses at a number of universities.
Filmography
Atash (1995)
Inside/Out (1997) (assistant editor, script supervisor)
Aisha (2000) (director)
Tayh (Astray) (2003)
Rasta's Paradise
Broken Record (2013)
Awards
Princess Grace Award
References
External links
Living people
People from Baghdad
Iraqi emigrants to the United States
Iraqi Muslims
Iraqi film directors
Iraqi women film directors
Howard University alumni
Princess Grace Awards winners
1956 births
Annie Mary Youngman (25 February 1859 – 10 January 1919) was a British painter.
Biography
Youngman was born in Saffron Walden as the daughter of the painter-etcher John Mallows Youngman, who made etchings for a book called Sketches of Saffron Walden. Youngman exhibited their work at the Palace of Fine Arts at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois.
Them paintings From a Neopolitan Villa and Who Loves a Garden Loves a Greenhouse too were included in the 1905 book Women Painters of the World. They were posthumously made a member of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours in 1919.
Gallery
References
1859 births
1919 deaths
19th-century English painters
19th-century English women artists
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
English women painters
People from Saffron Walden
The Massif du Sud is a ski mountain about 90 km southeast of Quebec City, Canada. It is part of the park of the same name, the Parc du Massif du Sud.
Description
The Massif du Sud is located between the village of Saint-Magloire and the village of Saint-Philémon in Bellechasse, Québec, Canada.
Often confounded with Le Massif, the Massif du Sud is renowned for its natural snow and its glades. Although it is the highest ski mountain in the Quebec City region, it doesn't boast the biggest vertical because of its base already at 515 meters. The Massif du Sud also offers 30 km of cross-country skiing and 20 km of snowshoeing trails.
In summer it is possible to do hiking with more than 92 km of trails and 46 km of multifunctional trails (bike, horse).
History
The Massif du Sud was first opened in 1989 but has since changed owner many times.
As of 2007, there is a wind power project in the area of the mountain which is contested by the main shareholder, Alain Contant.
Building on its fame in backcountry glades, the resort has a snowcat-skiing operation in the backcountry region and will introduce heliskiing in 2011 season. It is the only resort in eastern North America to have heliskiing.
Trivia
The Massif du Sud slogan is "Le secret le mieux gardé" which translates as "The Best Kept Secret".
During January and February the mountain is closed Monday to Thursday. Therefore, on Fridays, the snow conditions are usually incredible.
The Massif du Sud closest neighbor is Mont Orignal.
See also
Le Massif de Charlevoix
Mont-Sainte-Anne
Stoneham
List of ski areas and resorts in Canada
References
External links
Parc du Massif du Sud - Québec
Ski areas and resorts in Quebec
Geography of Chaudière-Appalaches
Tourist attractions in Chaudière-Appalaches
Notre Dame Mountains
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
The Moseley Iron Bridge Company was founded by Thomas William Moseley in Cincinnati, Ohio around 1858 and existed until 1879. Moseley was an engineer, bridge builder, and designer. John Paul Verree used T.W.H. Moseley's designs for their bridge manufacturing business in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
History
Zenas King was hired by Moseley as a salesperson and represented Moseley at many bridge lettings, mainly in southern Ohio. King remained in Ohio and started their own bridge building business in Cleveland. In 1861, Moseley decided to move the company to Boston, Massachusetts. Moseley moved their business to Boston when they discovered marketing their iron bridge designs were ideal for areas in the New England area. The company was also known as the Moseley Iron Bridge Works of Boston.
The company changed names and locations several times between 1858 and 1879, including Philadelphia and New York.
Known Moseley bridges
Railroad Bridge (1858)—Formerly spanning Sterrns Creek north of Ironton, removed and placed on exhibition in the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan.
Murphy Road Bridge (c.1860)—Formerly spanning Walloomsac River, moved in 1958 to Bennington Museum, Bennington, Vermont; Thomas W.H. Moseley, designer, Moseley Iron Building Works, Boston, builder
Upper Pacific Mills Bridge (1864)—North Canal, Lawrence, Massachusetts; Thowas W. Moseley, designer, Moseley Iron Building Works, Boston, builder
Hare's Hill Road Bridge (1869)—Hare's Hill Road over French Creek, Kimberton, Pennsylvania; Thomas W. Moseley, designer, Moseley Iron Bridge & Roof Company, builder
Monadnock Mills Bridge (1870)—Workers' access to Monadnock Mills, Claremont, New Hampshire; Thomas W. Moseley, designer, Moseley Iron Bridge & Roof Company, builder
See also
Thomas William Moseley
Hares Hill Road Bridge
Moseley Wrought Iron Arch Bridge
Zenas King
References and notes
Defunct engineering companies of the United States
Companies based in Ohio
American companies established in 1858
American companies disestablished in 1879
Beck A. Taylor is an American academic administrator and economist serving as the 19th president of Samford University, a private Christian university in Birmingham, Alabama. Taylor took office in July 2021, succeeding Andrew Westmoreland.
Education
Taylor earned their undergraduate degree at Baylor University in Texas, studying economics and finance. After graduating, they attended Purdue University, where they earned a Master of Science and Ph.D. in economics.
Career
Taylor began their career as an analyst for Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). They worked as a professor of economics at Baylor University and Samford University. They served as the dean of Samford University's Brock School of Business from 2005 to 2010, as well as an associate dean of research and faculty development at Baylor's Hankamer School of Business. At Samford, Taylor created the Samford Business Network to connect university students with the business community of Birmingham, Alabama.
In 2010, Taylor was selected as the 18th President of Whitworth University, succeeding William P. Robinson. There, they focused on community development and institutional effectiveness, in addition to holding the university's largest fundraising campaign. Following an 11-year tenure at Whitworth, Taylor was elected as the 19th president of Samford University in March 2021, succeeding retiring president Andrew Westmoreland. They assumed office in July 2021. They were formally inaugurated on November 4, 2021, giving an address on love.
Personal life
Taylor and their wife, Julie Taylor, have three children. Their oldest son, Zachary, is a Nashville-based musician recording under the name Dreamer Boy. They are members of Dawson Memorial Baptist Church in Homewood, Alabama. Their daughter, Lauren Taylor, is earning their Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Washington School of Medicine.
Awards and honors
Young Researcher Award from Hankamer School of Business in 2000
First holder of the W.H. Smith Professorship in Economics in 2000
Baylor University Outstanding Professor in 2005
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Baylor University alumni
Purdue University alumni
Samford University people
Whitworth University faculty
George Archibald may refer to:
George Archibald, 1st Baron Archibald (1898–1975), British Labour politician
George Archibald (footballer) (1919–2006), Australian footballer for Melbourne
George Archibald (jockey) (1890–1927), American jockey
George Archibald (politician) (born 1946), Canadian provincial politician of the Progressive Conservative Party of Nova Scotia
George Christopher Archibald (1926–1996), British economist
George D. Archibald (1820–1902), American college president
George W. Archibald (born 1946), North American ornithologist who founded the International Crane Foundation
See also
Altynsarin (, ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the auyl of Obagan. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Dengue Fever is an American band from Los Angeles who combine Cambodian rock and pop music of the 1960s and 70s with psychedelic rock and other world music styles.
History
In the late 1990s, keyboardist Ethan Holtzman discovered Cambodian psychedelic rock music while traveling in that country. Coincidentally, their guitarist brother Zac Holtzman (then with the band Dieselhed) had discovered the same music while working at a record store. The brothers formed Dengue Fever in 2001 to perform songs recorded by Cambodian artists like Sinn Sisamouth, Ros Serey Sothea, Pen Ran, and others, most of whom died or disappeared during the Khmer Rouge regime. The band first recruited bassist Senon Williams (also a member of Radar Bros. until 2009), former Beck saxophonist/flutist David Rallicke, and drummer Paul Smith. The band then decided to add a vocalist who could sing the Khmer lyrics of the Cambodian songs they hoped to play, and auditioned singers in the Little Phnom Penh area of Long Beach. The band selected Chhom Nimol, who had previously been a well-known singer in Cambodia before emigrating to the United States.
Their self-titled debut album was released in 2003. The album consisted mostly of 1960s-70s Cambodian rock songs discovered by the Holtzman brothers, plus two original songs in the same style. Nimol sang all lyrics in Khmer. The band's later albums are mostly made up of originals, first written in English by the Holtzmans before being translated; while Nimol still usually sings in Khmer but occasionally in English as well.
Their second album Escape from Dragon House was released in 2005. Also in 2005, the band toured Cambodia during the Bon Om Thook water festival, to critical acclaim. The 2009 documentary film Sleepwalking Through the Mekong by producer John Pirozzi documents the tour, with coverage of concert performances, collaborations with master musicians, and Chhom Nimol's success in reconnecting with Cambodian fans who had not seen them perform in person for five years. The documentary finds that the 1960s-70s Cambodian rock music played by the band was still very popular in that country, and fans were interested in seeing a mostly-American band perform the songs. John Pirozzi, also a fan of that music, later produced the documentary film Don't Think I've Forgotten with involvement from some of the members of Dengue Fever.
In 2008, Real World Records released Venus On Earth in all territories outside of the U.S. and Canada. Peter Gabriel, founder of their new label, said of the deal, "We have Dengue Fever coming out on Real World Records (outside of the USA) - it's really cool stuff, with the small Cambodian singer and big American guys behind! They're California based but have taken 60's Cambodian pop as their main source of inspiration and it's done with a lot of style. It's spirited, impassioned stuff." The album won the award for Best Fusion Album at the 2009 Independent Music Awards.
In 2011 the band released the album Cannibal Courtship, which was noted for incorporating more world music elements beyond the band's established Cambodian influences. Their fifth full-length album, The Deepest Lake, was released in 2015 and was noted for expanding the band's sound even further into girl group pop, surf music, jazz, African rhythms, and other styles while retaining its roots in Cambodian psychedelic rock. In 2017, Dengue Fever embarked on their longest-ever American tour as the support act for Tinariwen. In 2018, Dengue Fever contributed several songs to the theater production Cambodian Rock Band by Lauren Yee, a play about a young Cambodian-American whose father was a musician persecuted by the Khmer Rouge.
Dengue Fever has entered into partnerships with a number of charitable organizations to support causes in Cambodia. As one example, they are involved with the wildlife and forest conservation organization Wildlife Alliance. The band compiled an album of original 1960s-70s Cambodian rock songs titled Electric Cambodia in 2010, with all proceeds donated to Cambodian Living Arts, an organization that seeks to preserve the traditional and popular Cambodian music that was nearly lost during the country's recent historical struggles. The band has also donated songs for benefit records produced by Sweet Relief Musicians Fund, a charity that provides financial assistance to musicians dealing with illness, disability, or age-related issues.
Discography
Dengue Fever (2003)
Dengue Fever (EP, 2005)
Escape from Dragon House (2005)
Sip Off the Mekong (EP, 2006)
Venus On Earth (2008)
Sleepwalking Through the Mekong (Soundtrack, 2009)
In the Ley Lines (Live, 2009)
Cannibal Courtship (2011)
Girl From the North (EP, 2013)
The Deepest Lake (2015)
Ganadaramaba (EP, 2016)
Use in other media
"Ethanopium", a cover of a song by Ethiopian jazz musician Mulatu Astatke, was included in the soundtrack of Jim Jarmusch's 2005 film Broken Flowers.
"One Thousand Tears of a Tarantula" was included on the soundtrack for the second-season finale of the Showtime series Weeds, as well as on the recap of that episode for the third season.
The band's Khmer cover of Joni Mitchell's "Both Sides Now" was included on the soundtrack of Matt Dillon's 2002 film set in Cambodia, City of Ghosts.
"Seeing Hands" was used in the UK television series Dirty Sanchez.
"Escape From Dragon House" was featured in the fourth episode of True Blood.
"Sni Bong" was featured in episode 21 of Welcome to Night Vale.
"New Year's Eve" was used for a bwin commercial in German television.
References
External links
[ Dengue Fever at Allmusic]
Audio
Dengue Fever Review from National Public Radio, November 3, 2005
Dengue Fever interview from National Public Radio, January 31, 2008
Dengue Fever interview on Fresh Air radio program, February 25, 2008
Dengue Fever interview on The World radio program, 4 April 2008
Zac Holtzman interview on Outsight Radio Hours radio program, 14 September 2008
Video
Interview and songs, including "A Go Go", "Uku" and "Gendjer Gendjer" on PBS Soundtracks presents Quick Hits
Psychedelic rock music groups from California
Real World Records artists
Independent Music Awards winners
Musical groups established in 2001
Cambodian-American culture
Surf music groups
Bhanu Pania (born 4 September 1996) is an Indian cricketer. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Baroda in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. They made their List A debut on 9 December 2021, for Baroda in the 2021–22 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Baroda cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
M'Pessoba is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 490 square kilometers and includes 19 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 36,297. The town of M'Pessoba, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 40 km northwest of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Sovana is a denominazione di origine controllata red or rosé wine from the south of Tuscany, in Italy. The DOC is named after the ancient Etruscan settlement of Sovana. Sovana received DOC status in 1999, along with its neighbor, the DOC Capalbio. Sovana encompasses roughly the same areas that produce the white wine Bianco di Pitigliano, and encompasses the towns of Pitigliano, Sorano, Manciano and borders the DOC Morellino di Scansano in the north, and the region of Lazio in the south.
Under the DOC regulations, Sovana can be made in rosso or rosato styles. Sovana rosso must be at least 50% sangiovese, plus up to 50% other local non aromatic red grapes. One of these local grapes used for the Sovana blend is Ciliegiolo. Sovana rosso is for the most part a light wine, although there are reserva wines that receive extended maturation. Sovana also allows monovarietal DOC wines, made from the grapes of Aleatico, Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon or Merlot. These wines must contain at least 85% of the varietal in order to allow it to be stated on the bottle #e.g., Sovana Merlot DOC#. Up to 15% of other authorized grapes may be used in the blend.
References
External links
Wines of Tuscany
Italian DOC
Sorano
Sovana
Birds described in 1872 include the Chilean flamingo, snowy egret, black-tailed crake, Cyprus warbler, Baikal bullfinch, Persian shearwater, red-fronted antpecker, Tibetan serin, Newton's parakeet and the orange fruit dove.
Events
Allan Octavian Hume starts the quarterly journal Stray Feathers in 1872 supported by Ferdinand Stoliczka, who was an editor for the Journal of the Asiatic Society.
Henry Baker Tristram studies Bible localities and birds in Palestine.
Richard Bowdler Sharpe's main work was in classifying and cataloguing the collections of the British Museum but also played a major role in acquiring private collections by persuading wealthy collectors and travellers to contribute to the museum. In 1872 the museum had 35,000 bird specimens; the collection had grown to half a million by the time of their death.
Publications
Juan Ignacio Molina Saggio sulla Storia Naturale del Chili
Alphonse Milne-Edwards Resume des Recherches sur les Oiseaux Fossiles. C. R. vol. lxxiv. p. 1030, and Annales des Sciences Naturelles xvi. art. 2. [A resume of the principal discoveries made since 1856 in fossil birds, which the author' has embodied in their great work on this subject, now completed]. Translation as Investigations on Fossil Birds. Annals and Magazine of Natural History ser. 4. x. pp.
Walter Buller A History of the Birds of New Zealand. London: Van Voorst (completed 1873)
Otto Finsch "Zur Ornithologie der Samoa-Inseln". Journal für Ornithologie 1872
George Ernest Shelley A Handbook to the Birds of Egypt (1872)
Carl Jakob Sundevall, 1872. Methodi naturalis avium disponendarum tentamen. Försök till fogelklassens naturenliga uppställning. Stockholm, Samson & Wallin online BHL
Ongoing events
Theodor von Heuglin Ornithologie von Nordost-Afrika (Ornithology of Northeast Africa) (Cassel, 1869–1875)
John Gould The Birds of Asia 1850-83 7 vols. 530 plates, Artists: J. Gould, H. C. Richter, W. Hart and J. Wolf; Lithographers: H. C. Richter and W. Hart
Henry Eeles Dresser and Richard Bowdler Sharpe A History of the Birds of Europe, Including all the Species Inhabiting the Western Palearctic Region.Taylor & Francis of Fleet Street, London
The Ibis
References
"Sclater Index to the Ornithological Literature of 1872". Ibis. Wiley.
Bird
Birding and ornithology by year
Azov was a missile cruiser of the Soviet and later Russian Navy.
History
Azov was laid down on 21 July 1972, launched on 14 September 1973 and was commissioned on 25 December 1975. The ship was stationed in the Black Sea Fleet. In 1977 the ship was modified to carry the new S-300F (SA-N-6) anti-air missile complex.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union the ship became a part of the Russian Navy. There the cruiser served until 1998, when the ship was decommissioned and scrapped in 2000.
References
Sevastopol.info- Large ASW destroyer Azov
Kara-class cruisers
Ships built at Shipyard named after 61 Communards
1975 ships
Ships built in the Soviet Union
Cold War cruisers of the Soviet Union
In set theory, 0† (zero dagger) is a particular subset of the natural numbers, first defined by Robert M. Solovay in unpublished work in the 1960s. (The superscript † should be a dagger, but it appears as a plus sign on some browsers.) The definition is a bit awkward, because there might be no set of natural numbers satisfying the conditions. Specifically, if ZFC is consistent, then ZFC + "0† does not exist" is consistent. ZFC + "0† exists" is not known to be inconsistent (and most set theorists believe that it is consistent). In other words, it is believed to be independent (see large cardinal for a discussion). It is usually formulated as follows:
0† exists if and only if there exists a non-trivial elementary embedding j : L[U] → L[U] for the relativized Gödel constructible universe L[U], where U is an ultrafilter witnessing that some cardinal κ is measurable.
If 0† exists, then a careful analysis of the embeddings of L[U] into itself reveals that there is a closed unbounded subset of κ, and a closed unbounded proper class of ordinals greater than κ, which together are indiscernible for the structure , and 0† is defined to be the set of Gödel numbers of the true formulas about the indiscernibles in L[U].
Solovay showed that the existence of 0† follows from the existence of two measurable cardinals. It is traditionally considered a large cardinal axiom, although it is not a large cardinal, nor indeed a cardinal at all.
See also
0#: a set of formulas (or subset of the integers) defined in a similar fashion, but simpler.
References
External links
Definition by "Zentralblatt math database" (PDF)
Large cardinals
|}
The Balanchine Stakes, also known as the Airlie Stud Stakes, is a Group 2 flat horse race in Ireland open to two-year-old thoroughbred fillies. It is run at the Curragh over a distance of 6 furlongs (1,207 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late June or early July.
The event's registered title honours Balanchine, a successful filly whose victories included the Irish Derby in 1994. The race was established in 2005, and it was originally classed at Listed level. The first two runnings were contested over 7 furlongs.
The race's distance was cut to 6 furlongs in 2007, and for a period it was known as the Saoire Stakes. It reverted to its former name in 2009, and from this point its sponsored title was the Ballygallon Stud Stakes.
The Balanchine Stakes was promoted to Group 3 status in 2011. In 2019 the race received a further boost when it was one of 3 Group 3 races across Europe promoted to Group 2 status following the European Pattern Committee's review for 2019. It is now sponsored by Airlie Stud, and it is held on the second day of the Curragh's three-day Irish Derby Festival meeting, as part of the supporting card to the Group 1 Pretty Polly Stakes.
Records
Leading jockey (5 wins):
Ryan Moore - Most Beautiful (2015), Roly Poly (2016), Clemmie (2017), So Perfect (2018), Statuette (2022)
Leading trainer (7 wins):
Aidan O'Brien - Listen (2007), Bye Bye Birdie (2013), I Am Beautiful (2014), Roly Poly (2016), Clemmie (2017), So Perfect (2018), Statuette (2022)
Winners
See also
Horse racing in Ireland
List of Irish flat horse races
References
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , ,
horseracingintfed.com – International Federation of Horseracing Authorities – Grangecon Stud Stakes (2018).
Flat races in Ireland
Curragh Racecourse
Flat horse races for two-year-old fillies
Recurring sporting events established in 2005
2005 establishments in Ireland
The Order of Isabella the Catholic () is a Spanish civil order and honor granted to persons and institutions in recognition of extraordinary services to the homeland or the promotion of international relations and cooperation with other nations. The Order is open not only to Spaniards; it has been granted to many foreigners.
The Order was created 1815 by King Ferdinand VII in honor of Queen Isabella I as the Real y Americana Orden de Isabel la Católica ("Royal and American Order of Isabella the Catholic") with the intent of "rewarding the firm allegiance to Spain and the merits of Spanish citizens and foreigners in good standing with the Nation and especially in those exceptional services provided in pursuit of territories in America and overseas." The Order was reorganized by royal decree on 26 July 1847, with the name "Royal Order of Isabella the Catholic", reflecting the loss of the mainland possessions in the Americas after the Spanish American wars of independence.
History
The Order of Isabel the Catholic was instituted by King Ferdinand VII on 14 March 1815. The original statutes of the Order were approved by Royal Decree of 24 March, with membership made in three classes: Grand Cross, and Knights of First and Second Class. Ferdinand VII was declared the Order's Founder, Head, and Sovereign. On 7 October 1816, at the suggestion of the Chapter of the Order, the Knights of the first class were renamed Commanders and the second class were renamed Knights.
By royal decree of 26 July 1847, Isabella II reorganised the four royal orders in Spain: the Order of the Golden Fleece, the Langues of Aragon and Castile of the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem, the Order of Charles III, and the Order of Isabella the Catholic. The latter was reserved to reward exclusively the services rendered in the Overseas territories. The classes of the order became Knight, Commander, Commander by Number, and Grand Cross. The concession and tests of nobility was suppressed in all the Royal Orders. By royal decree of 28 October 1851, no concessions of Grand Cross of any orders were to be made without the proposal of the Council of Ministers and concessions for the lower classes with the proposal of the Secretary of State.
After the establishment of the First Republic, the Order was declared to be extinguished by Decree of 29 March 1873 as deemed to be incompatible with the republican government. Use of the various insignias was allowed to those who possessed them. When King Alfonso XII ascended to the throne, the Order was reestablished by Decree of 7 January 1875.
During the minority of Alfonso XIII, their mother and Regent, Maria Cristina, signed the royal decrees of 15 April 1889 and 25 October 1900. Among other things, they sought to impose entry into the Order by the category of Knight, to prohibit the use of decorations until the corresponding title was obtained, and to ratify the obligation that the Grand Cross be awarded with the agreement of the Council of Ministers and for conferees to be published in the Official Gazette. By Royal Decree of 14 March 1903, the Silver Cross of the Order was created, and by Royal Decree of 15 April 1907, the Silver and Bronze Medals.
In Royal Decree 1118, of 22 June 1927, the superior grade of Knights of the Collar was created, to be awarded to prominent personalities of extraordinary merit. It also provides that women can also be decorated with either the lazo or banda.
The Provisional Government of the Republic, by decree of 24 July 1931, abolished all orders under the Ministry of State, except for the Order of Isabella the Catholic. The regulations approved by decree of 10 October 1931 introduced a new degree: Officer (Oficial). By decree of 8 August 1935, it was established that the first degree in the Order of Isabella the Catholic was that of the Grand Cross, the Collar being reserved exclusively for very exceptional cases.
In 1938, Franco, by decree of 15 June, restored the Order in its traditional meaning: to reward meritorious services rendered to the country by nationals and foreigners. The order's regulations were approved by Decree of 29 September 1938. According to the 1938 regulations, the order consisted of the following grades: Knight of the Collar, Knight Grand Cross, Commander by Number, Commander, Knight, and Silver Cross. Decree 1353/1971, of 5 June, re-incorporated the rank of Officer, placing it between the grades of Knight and Commander. Thus, the Order consisted of the following grades: Knight of the Collar, Knight of the Grand Cross, Banda de Dama (denomination of the Grand Cross when granted to ladies), Commander by Number, Commander, Officer, Knight, Lazo de Dama (the degree of Knight when it is granted to ladies), and Cruz de Plata.
The order's current regulations date from 1998 as approved by Royal Decree 2395/1998, of 6 November. Among its provisions, the categories of Banda de Dama, Cruz de Caballero and Lazo de Dama were repealed to avoid possible interpretations of there being gender discrimination. Notwithstanding this, for aesthetic and functional reasons, the ladies who are decorated use reduced versions of the insignia of each degree of the Order.
Officials and grades
The King of Spain (currently Felipe VI) is Grand Master of the Order. The Grand Chancellor of the Order is the Minister of Foreign Affairs. All deeds granting decorations of the Order must bear the signatures of both. Members of the order at the rank of knight and above enjoy personal nobility and have the privilege of adding a golden heraldic mantle to their coat of arms. Knights at the rank of Grand Cross and Knight of the Collar receive the official style of "His or Them most Excellent Lord". Knights at the rank of commander and commander by number receive the style of "His or Them Most Illustrious Lord". Beneath these two officials of the Order, there are currently several grades:
First Class
Knight of the Collar (CYC) (Caballeros del Collar) (limited to 25 people)
Knight Grand Cross (gcYC) (Caballeros Gran Cruz) (limited to 500 people)
Second Class
Commander by Number (cnYC) (Encomienda de Número) (limited to 800 people)
Commander (comYC) (Encomienda)
Third Class
Officer's Cross (ofYC) (Cruz de Oficial)
Fourth Class
Knight's Cross (+YC) (Cruz de Caballeros)
Fifth Class
Silver Cross (cpYC) (Cruz de Plata)
Sixth Class
Silver Medal (Medalla de Plata)
Bronze Medal (Medalla de Bronce)
The original statutes of the order of 24 March 1815 established the order in three classes. The structure of the order has varied several times since then. The following is a summary of the history of the various grades and medals of the order:
Knights of the Collar (Caballeros del Collar) – Established 22 June 1927.
Knights Grand Cross (Caballeros Gran Cruz) – Established 24 March 1815.
Knight First Class (Caballeros de Primera Clase) – Established 24 March 1815, retitled Commander (Comdador) on 24 July 1815.
Officer (Oficial) – Established 10 October 1931, abolished 15 June 1938 and restored 5 June 1971.
Knight Second Class (Caballeros de Segunda Clase) – Established 24 March 1815, retiled Knight (Caballeros) on 24 July 1815.
Silver Cross (Cruz de Plata) – Established 16 March 1903 to reward civil and palace officials.
Gold Medal with Laureate (Medal de Oro pero Laureada) – Established on 24 July 1815 for award to European sergeants and enlisted men. Subsequently abolished.
Gold Medal (Medal de Oro) – Established on 24 July 1815 for award to non-European 'natives'. Subsequently abolished.
Silver Medal (Medal de Plata) – Established 15 April 1907 to reward non-commissioned officers and junior civil officials.
Bronze Medal (Medal de Bronce) – Established 15 April 1907 to reward non-commissioned officers and junior civil officials.
Women appointed to an applicable grade are not called Knights (Caballeros). Women are instead appointed as Dames of the Collar (Damas del Collar), Dames Grand Cross (Damas Gran Cruz) or Dame's Cross (Cruz de Damas).
Order decoration
The decoration is a red-enameled cross, with a golden frame. The outer peaks are fitted with small gold balls. The center of the medallion contains the inscription "A La Lealtad Acrisolada" (To Proven Loyalty) and "Por Isabel la Católica" (By Isabella the Catholic) on white enamel. Above the cross is a green enameled laurel wreath with the band ring.
The ribbon is yellow with a white central stripe, except the "Collar", the wearing of which can be replaced by a gold-yellow sash with white stripes on the edges.
References and links
Awards established in 1815
1815 establishments in Spain
Isabella the Catholic
Isabella the Catholic, Order of
Ungmennafélag Njarðvíkur is an Icelandic multi-sports club based in Njarðvík, Reykjanesbær, on the south-west peninsula of Iceland. It is primarily known for its men's basketball team which has won the national championship 17 times. Its women's basketball team won the national championship and the basketball cup in 2012. The club also fields departments in football, swimming, power lifting, judo and triathlon.
Colours
The original uniform colours of the club where blue and white. In late 1973 the basketball department was in need of new uniforms and due to lack of funds they decided to select a colour that no other team was using, so they wouldn't have to buy two sets of uniforms. There where three colours to choose from but as the three selectors where all Boston Celtics fans they decided to choose green uniforms. The green colour has been in use since then, except for the 1989–90 season when the basketball department played in the orange colour of its biggest sponsor, Hagkaup.
Basketball
Men's basketball
As of the 2017–2018 season, Njarðvík's men's basketball team plays in the top-tier Úrvalsdeild karla.
Trophies and achievements
Icelandic champions: (17):
1952, 1953, 1956, 1958, 1981, 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1991, 1994, 1995, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2006
Icelandic Cup: (5):
1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1992, 1999, 2002, 2005
Women's basketball
As of the 2017–2018 season, Njarðvík's women's basketball team plays in the top-tier Úrvalsdeild kvenna.
Trophies and achievements
Icelandic champions::
2012
Icelandic Cup:
2012
Football
Men's football
Njarðvík men's football team currently plays in the second-tier Inkasso league after winning the third-tier 2. deild karla in 2017.
Trophies and achievements
2. deild karla (Men's Second Division ): (2)
1981
2017
League Cup B (cup): (1)
2003
2012 (Runner-up)
2017 (Runner-up)
References
External links
Official website
Association football clubs established in 1944
1944 establishments in Iceland
Davenport CitiBus is the transit agency serving Davenport, Iowa. USA. CitiBus has a total of twenty vehicles and covers approximately of the city. CitiBus connects with both Bettendorf Transit and the Illinois Quad Cities mass transit system, MetroLINK. The system operates all week from Sunday to Saturday.
History
Public transit appeared in Davenport in 1969 when the city of Davenport created a City Transit Authority. The authority at first provided monetary support to Davenport City Lines, a privately owned company owned by National City Lines. After a few years the city purchased the Davenport City Lines and placed the operation of public transportation under the jurisdiction of the City's Department of Municipal Transportation. Today, CitiBus is a division of the Department of Public Works. In 2009, Citibus saw a ridership of 1,125,511 customers.
Route list
1 Rockingham
2 Marquette
3 Fairgrounds
4 Brady/Harrison/Northpark/Goose Creek
5 Pershing/Gen East
6 Northwest Loop
7 Bridgeline
9 Hickory Grove
10 River/Bettendorf
10 Brady/St Ambrose
12 Kimberly/Elmore
14 Jersey Ridge/Elmore/Eastern Ave Library
15 West Loop
22 West Kimberly
53 E 53rd/Walmart
Ground Transportation Center
The Ground Transportation Center serves as the primary hub for Davenport Citibus, while also serving Burlington Trailways intercity buses. It was built in 1985 at 304 West River Drive. The center provides a waiting area with restrooms and other amenities for riders.
See also
Bettendorf Transit
Quad Cities MetroLINK
List of intercity bus stops in Iowa
List of bus transit systems in the United States
References
External links
Davenport Citibus
Bus transportation in Iowa
Bus transportation in Illinois
Transit agencies in Iowa
Transportation in Davenport, Iowa
Transportation in the Quad Cities
Transport companies established in 1969
1969 establishments in Iowa
Santino Spinelli (born 21 July 1964) is an Italian Romani musician, composer and teacher.
Biography
Spinelli, known professionally as Alexian, is the youngest of six children, the only brother among five sisters. They were born in Pietrasanta, in the province of Lucca, on July 21, 1964, the son of Gennaro and Giulia Spinelli. However, it was in Lanciano, in the province of Chieti, where they began their early studies. They attended the State Trade Institute P. De Giorgio and earned two degrees from the University of Bologna, the first in Foreign Languages and Literature and the second in Musicology. They have been Professor of the Romani Language and Culture at the University of Chieti since 2008.
Spinelli is the founder and president of the cultural association Thèm Romano (Romani World). In 2001 they were elected sole representative for Italy at the parliament of the International Romani Union (IRU), a nongovernmental organization based in Latvia and active in the field of Roma people's rights. In 2002 Spinelli taught the Romani language and culture at the University of Trieste, and later at the Polytechnic University of Turin. In 2003 the IRU Parliament appointed them Ambassador of Romani Culture and Art throughout the world, and in 2007 they were appointed Vice President of the IRU.  They are the national president of the federation FederArteRom and UCRI spokesperson.
Spinelli's poem "Auschwitz" is engraved on a memorial to the Sinti and Roma people killed during the Nazi period. The memorial is near the Bundestag in Berlin. They had a similar memorial built in Lanciano, in the piazzale Edith Stein. It was sculpted from Majella stone by sculptor Tonino Santeusanio.
In 2010 they published the "Carovana Romanì" for accordion, ensemble and orchestra through Ut Orpheus of Bologna. The collection contains scores composed by Spinelli that were performed at the seat of the Council of Europe in Strasbourg and the Council of the European Union in Brussels. On June 2, 2012, they sang the Murdevele (the "Lord's Prayer" in the Romani language) in Milan for Pope Benedict XVI on the occasion of the World Meeting of Families.
On 26 October 2015, with the Alexian Group, they performed several of their compositions, including Murdevele, for Pope Francis.
On April 18, 2016, Mayor Ing. Gianfranco Lopane of Taranto conferred honorary citizenship on Spinelli. In May 2018 they were awarded the silver medal and the Diploma of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George on the occasion of the tricentenary of the Ecclesiastical Bull of Pope Clement XI. On February 4, 2020, President Mattarella awarded them the honor of Commander of the Order Merit of the Italian Republic.
Publications
"Carovana Romanì" (orchestral score) - Ut Orpheus, Bologna, 2010
Rom, Genti Libere - with a preface by Moni Ovadia, Dalai Editore, Milano, 2012
Rom, Questi Sconosciuti - with a preface by Moni Ovadia, Mimesis Edizioni, Milano, 2016
See also
Romani people in Italy
References
External links
Official site
Them Romanò
1964 births
Living people
Romani musicians
Italian Romani people
D'Annunzio University of Chieti–Pescara faculty
University of Bologna alumni
Daniel R. Pearson is a commissioner and former chairperson of the United States International Trade Commission.
Pearson, a Republican from Minnesota, was nominated to the U.S. International Trade Commission by President George W. Bush and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on November 21, 2004 for the term ending June 16, 2011. They began serving as a commissioner on October 8, 2003, under a recess appointment. Bush designated them chairperson from June 17, 2006 through June 16, 2008.
Prior to their appointment, Pearson was assistant vice president of public affairs for Cargill, in Wayzata, Minnesota. Their work focused primarily on trade policy issues, including the World Trade Organization (WTO) agricultural negotiations, the efforts of China and other countries to join the WTO, the global “level playing field” initiative for the oilseed sector, the U.S.-Mexico sweetener dispute, and the effects of domestic agricultural policies on U.S. competitiveness. Before their appointment to assistant vice president, they served as a policy analyst in the public affairs department from 1987 to 1998.
From 1981 to 1987, Pearson was the agricultural legislative assistant to former Sen. Rudy Boschwitz in Washington, D.C., where they were responsible for legislative and regulatory issues under the jurisdiction of the Senate Agricultural Committee. They also served as staff of the Subcommittee on Foreign Agricultural Policy, chaired by Boschwitz.
From 1979 to 1980, Pearson farmed in a diversified operation with their father and brother in Ogilvie, Minnesota. They hold a bachelor of science degree and a master of science degree, both in agricultural economics, from the University of Minnesota. They reside in Oakton, Virginia with their wife, Cindy, and two children.
External links
ITC website
Biodata
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
International Trade Commission personnel
University of Minnesota College of Food, Agricultural and Natural Resource Sciences alumni
Minnesota Republicans
People from Oakton, Virginia
George W. Bush administration personnel
Kumpınar, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
The Jeffries House is a historic house at 415 Skyline Drive in North Little Rock, Arkansas. It is a -story wood-frame structure, finished in a fieldstone veneer, and is three bays wide, with a side-gable roof, end chimneys, and symmetrical single-story wings at the sides. The house is distinctive as a fine example of Colonial Revival architecture, rendered in the unusual veneered stone finish. Built in 1931 by the Justin Matthews Company, it was the last house Matthews built in the Edgemont subdivision before the Great Depression brought the development to an end.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Colonial Revival architecture in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1928
Houses in North Little Rock, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County, Arkansas
Masaki is a Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Masaki Aiba (born 1982), Japanese actor and musician
Masaki Chugo (born 1982), Japanese footballer
Masaki Doi (born 1960), Japanese politician
, Japanese pole vaulter
, Japanese sport wrestler
Masaki Fujihata (born 1956), Japanese artist
Masaki Fukai (born 1980), Japanese footballer
Masaki Hemmi (born 1986), Japanese footballer
Masaki Hoshino (born 1967), Japanese Go player
Masaki Iida (born 1985), Japanese footballer
Masaki Inoue (born 1979), Japanese Olympic cyclist
, Japanese trampolinist
, Japanese curler
Masaki Izumi (born 1961), Japanese shogi player
Masaki Kaji (born 1988), Japanese actor and singer
Masaki Kajishima (born 1962), Japanese anime artist
Masaki Kaneko (swimmer) (born 1992), Japanese Olympic swimmer
Masaki Kano (born 1976), Japanese racing driver
Masaki Kashiwara (born 1947), Japanese mathematician
Masaki Kinoshita (born 1989), Japanese footballer
Masaki Kito (born 1960), Japanese attorney
Masaki Kobayashi (1916–1996), Japanese film director
Masaki Kyomoto (born 1959), Japanese singer-songwriter and actor
Masaki Liu, American music producer
Masaki Minami (born 1989), Japanese baseball player
Masaki Miyasaka (born 1989), Japanese footballer
Masaki Morinaga (born 1972), Japanese athlete
Masaki Nakao (born 1996), Japanese entertainer
Masaki Nashimoto (born 1993), Japanese sprinter
Masaki Nishizawa (born 1972), Japanese mixed martial artist
Masaki Ogata (born 1964), Japanese Go player
Masaki Ogawa (born 1975), Japanese footballer and manager
Masaki Okada (born 1989), Japanese actor
Masaki Okimoto (born 1982), Japanese professional wrestler
Masaki Okino (born 1996), Japanese footballer
, Japanese volleyball player
Masaki Saito (baseball) (born 1965), Japanese baseball player
Masaki Saito (footballer) (born 1980), Japanese footballer
Masaki Sakamoto (born 1996), Japanese footballer
Masaki Sato (born 1999), Japanese singer
, Japanese snowboarder
Masaki Shibata (born 1953), Japanese Olympic handball player
Masaki Suda (born 1993), Japanese actor
Masaki Sumitani (born 1975), Japanese comedian and professional wrestler
, Japanese speed skater
Masaki Takemiya (born 1951), Japanese Go player
Masaki Tamura (born 1939), Japanese cinematographer
Masaki Tanaka (born 1991), Japanese footballer
Masaki Terasoma (born 1962), Japanese voice actor
Masaki Tokudome (born 1971), Japanese motorcycle racer
Masaki Toshimitsu Dannoshin (1690–1776), Japanese swordsman
Masaki Toshiro (born 1980), Japanese Olympic luger
Masaki Tsuchihashi (born 1972), Japanese footballer
Masaki Tsuji (born 1932), Japanese scenario writer
Masaki Tsukano (born 1970), Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
Masaki Watanabe (1911–1995), Japanese surgeon
Masaki Watanabe (footballer) (born 1986), Japanese footballer
Masaki Yamada (writer) (born 1950), Japanese science fiction author
Masaki Yamada (musician) (born 1964), Japanese singer-songwriter
, Japanese footballer
Masaki Yamamoto (cyclist) (born 1996), Japanese cyclist
Masaki Yanagawa (born 1987), Japanese footballer
Masaki Yokotani (born 1952), Japanese footballer
Masaki Yoshida (born 1984), Japanese footballer
Yoshinohana Masaki (born 1943), Japanese sumo wrestler
Fictional characters
Masaki Michishita, a character in the manga Kuso Miso Technique
Sasami Masaki Jurai, a character in the anime and manga series Tenchi Muyo!
Masaki Takigawa (日本語：滝川雅貴), a character in the light novel series and anime Tsurune
See also
Masaki (disambiguation)
Masaki (surname)
Masaaki
Japanese unisex given names
Mount Zion Baptist Church is a historic church at 212 Second Street in Anniston, Alabama. It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Calhoun County, Alabama
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1890
Churches in Calhoun County, Alabama
Kansas's 27th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Kansas Senate. It has been represented by Republican Gene Suellentrop since 2017, succeeding fellow Republican Leslie Donovan.
Geography
District 27 is based in the western reaches of Wichita in Sedgwick County, also covering some or all of the suburbs of Colwich, Andale, Maize, and Goddard.
The district is located entirely within Kansas's 4th congressional district, and overlaps with the 90th, 91st, 94th, 100th, 101st, and 105th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.
Recent election results
2020
2016
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 27
References
27
Sedgwick County, Kansas
Esteban Flores (born 8 August 1967) is a Puerto Rican boxer. They competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Puerto Rican male boxers
Olympic boxers of Puerto Rico
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Puerto Rico
Boxers at the 1987 Pan American Games
Featherweight boxers
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Sarvis Fork Covered Bridge, also known as Sandyville Covered Bridge, is a historic covered bridge located near Sandyville, Jackson County, West Virginia. It was built in 1889-1890 for $64.00 by R.B. Cunningham and G.W. Staats in 1890, originally spanning John Carnahan's Fork, a branch of Mill Creek. When US Route 33 was built using an iron bridge, the covered bridge was first abandoned, then moved and rebuilt over the Left Fork of the Sandy Creek in 1924 for $1,050.00.
The bridge was completely rebuilt in 2000 at a cost of $598,233 by R.C. Construction Company & Sons, Inc. of Cutler, Ohio.
It measures 101 feet 3 1/2 inches in length and 11 feet 8 inches wide.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
References
See also
List of covered bridges in West Virginia
Covered bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Bridges completed in 1889
Buildings and structures in Jackson County, West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, West Virginia
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Wooden bridges in West Virginia
Long truss bridges in the United States
Rebuilt buildings and structures in West Virginia
was a Japanese sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1882 births
1966 deaths
20th-century Japanese sculptors
20th-century male artists
Japanese sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Toyama Prefecture
Alba Iris "Cacatúa" Rivera Ramirez is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated to the New Progressive Party (PNP). Rivera served as a member of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico representing District 3 of San Juan from 1997 to 2013. They were also a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico (1985–1989) and Director of the Puerto Rican Office of Woman's Affairs.
Today they are the only woman in Puerto Rican history to be elected from the same Representative District as their mother, former representative Rosa M. Ramírez Pantojas, who served from 1989 to 1993.  They are also the only woman to have served in both legislative chambers, and the Executive Branch.
Early years and studies
Albita Rivera Ramírez was born December 22. They completed their elementary and high school studies at Colegio La Milagrosa in Río Piedras.
In 1970, Rivera completed their bachelor's degree in arts from the University of Puerto Rico.
Professional career
After graduating from college, Rivera worked as a schoolteacher for five years.
Public service
During Carlos Romero Barceló's tenure as Mayor of San Juan, Rivera was appointed as Executive Director of the Center of Multiple Services of La Perla in San Juan. A year later, they worked as Service Coordinator for the Head Start Program in the capital. In 1976, Rivera was put in charge of the Office of Citizen Service of the Department of Housing.
Political career
Rivera's political career began in 1984, when they were elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico. During their first term, they were a member of thirteen commissions, and served as their party speaker in some of them (Education, Social and Cultural Development, Health and Environmental Quality).
In 1992, Rivera served as executive director of the Puerto Rican Office of Woman's Affairs, under Pedro Rossello's tenure as governor.
Rivera decided to run for the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico in the 1996 general election. They won a seat representing District 3, and was sworn in on January 2, 1997. During that term, they presided the Commissions of Government Corruption, and served as vice president of the Commissions of Education and Culture, and Woman's Affair.
Rivera was reelected in 2000, 2004, and 2008. During their last term, they also served as president of the Women's Caucus of the Legislative Assembly.
During the campaign for the 2012 general elections, they were paired with Liza Fernández to speak on behalf of Jorge Santini. The duo was heavily featured in El Vocero, becoming known as "Minga y Petraca", in reference to a folkloric pair of fictional characters. However, both Rivera and Fernández failed to retain their seats, while Santini also lost to Carmen Yulín Cruz. After four consecutive terms, Rivera was defeated by Sonia Pacheco, from the Popular Democratic Party (PPD), at the 2012 general election.
References
External links
Albita Rivera Official biography
Living people
New Progressive Party members of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico
People from Vega Baja, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican women in politics
University of Puerto Rico alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
A hug is a form of physical intimacy.
Hug, Hugs or HUG may also refer to:
People
Hug (surname) (various people)
Hug I of Empúries (965–1040), Count of Empúries
Arts and entertainment
Hug (album), a Japanese album by Yui Aragaki
"Hug" (song), a Korean song by TVXQ DBSK
Hugs (song), a song written and recorded by American comedy hip hop group The Lonely Island with Pharrell Williams
"Hug" (Smallville), an episode of the television series Smallville
Other uses
Hug (folklore), in Scandinavian mythology, referring to mental life
Hug High School, in Reno, Nevada, United States
Geneva University Hospitals, Switzerland
Hugs (interpreter), a Haskell interpreter
See also
Hog (disambiguation)
Hugh (disambiguation)
Hugo (disambiguation)
Group hug (disambiguation)
Kut may refer to:
People
Kut (surname)
Karel Kuttelwascher (Kut; 1916-1959), Czech RAF fighter pilot
Places
Kut, a city in eastern Iraq
Kut Barrage, a barrage (dam) on the Tigris River
Kut District, Iraq
Kut, Armenia, town in Gegharkunik Province
Kut, Abadan, a village in Khuzestan Province, Iran
Kut, Hendijan, a village in Khuzestan Province, Iran
Kut, a village in Lukovytsia, Chernivtsi Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine
War
Siege of Kut, a WWI battle for the Mesopotamian city
Second Battle of Kut, WWI
Other uses
KUT 90.5 FM, a public radio station of the University of Texas at Austin
KUT (Kenya Uganda Tanganyika), postage stamps and postal history of Kenya, Uganda, Tanganyika during British colonial era
Kut, ISO 639-2 and 639-3 codes for the Kutenai language, a Native American/First Nations language
Kut or Gut (ritual), by a Korean shaman
Hungarian title of 2016 film Well
Kut (mythology), in Turkic mythology a mystic force
Kut (spider), a genus of woodlouse hunting spiders
See also
All Wikipedia pages beginning with Kut-e (a common element in Iranian place names)
The AgustaWestland AW169 is a twin-engine, 10-seat, 4.8t helicopter developed and manufactured by the helicopter division of Leonardo (formerly AgustaWestland, merged into Finmeccanica since 2016). It was designed to share similarities with the larger AgustaWestland AW139 and AgustaWestland AW189.
Development
On 19 July 2010, AgustaWestland formally announced that the AW169 was under development at the Farnborough International Air Show. According to AgustaWestland, the 4.5 ton AW169 is a light-intermediate twin engine rotorcraft intended for a range of utility operations; to lower prospective operational costs, a decision was made early on for the AW169 to share a large level of commonality across both components and the cockpit configuration with the larger AgustaWestland AW139. In 2011, the British Government provided a $33 million loan to AgustaWestland for the AW169 development program. In 2012, the European Union approved a 19-year €272 million zero‑interest loan from the Italian government to AgustaWestland to finance the development of the AW169; industrial research is 40% of the total, and experimental development is 60%, while the aid element is €94 million.
On 10 May 2012, the first prototype of the type conducted its first flight. The testing program involved a total of four prototypes; the second and third AW169s joined the flight test program later on in 2012, and the fourth in 2013. AgustaWestland had initially anticipated that the AW169 would receive flight certification in 2014, and had planned for production AW169 aircraft to enter service by 2015. On 15 July 2015, the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) issued its certification for the AW169.
In November 2015, a prototype was dispatched to various locations in California, United States, for high and low altitude flight tests in support of Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification. In February 2016, the AW169 received FAA certification, enabling deliveries of the type to occur later that year.
In 2012, AgustaWestland stated that it was planning to produce the AW169 in its facilities in Yeovil, England. The design and manufacture of various components such as the rotor blades, intermediate and tail gearboxes, and tail rotor hub was performed by AgustaWestland's UK branch. In January 2015, the assembly of the first production AW169s began at AgustaWestland's factory in Vergiate, Italy; initial production models were produced at this site. In 2015, manufacturing activity on the AW169 also commenced on a second production line at AgustaWestland's facility in Philadelphia, USA; the rate of production is reportedly planned to be increased to 20 US-built rotorcraft per year by 2017. However, in October 2016, it was announced that Leonardo, the rebranded identity of AgustaWestland, had decided to abandon work on its planned US production of the type.
Design
The AW169 is a medium-sized twin engine helicopter; upon launch, it held the distinction of being the first all new aircraft in its weight category in over 30 years. Weighing roughly 4,500 kg and accommodating 7–10 passengers, it is positioned between the 3,175 kg 8-seat AW109GrandNew and the much larger 6,400 kg 15-seat AW139. The AW169 is powered by a pair of Pratt & Whitney Canada PW210A FADEC turboshaft engines, which drives the main rotor at variable speeds to reduce external noise and increase efficiency. Newly developed dampeners were installed between the rotor blades of the main rotor in order to reduce vibration levels for a smooth passenger experience. It has the distinction of being the first production helicopter of its category to feature electronically actuated landing gear. AgustaWestland has reported having various customers for the AW169, including air ambulance, law enforcement, executive/corporate, offshore transport and utility sectors.
The AW169 is equipped with various avionics systems, including a Rockwell Collins glass cockpit featuring three displays outfitted with touchscreen interfaces, digital maps, dual radar altimeters, automatic dependent surveillance – broadcast tracking, Health and usage monitoring systems (HUMS), and night vision goggles (NVG) compatibility. Many elements of the cockpit and avionics are similar to those installed on the AgustaWestland AW139 and the AgustaWestland AW189, providing a high level of support. The use of a four-axis digital automatic flight control system and a dual flight management system incorporating terrain and traffic avoidance systems has allowed for the rotorcraft to be certified to be flown by a single pilot under instrument flight rules (IFR).
There is no auxiliary power unit installed on the AW169; instead, the transmission features a clutch to allow the rotors to be stopped while the port engine continue to run to power the avionics and onboard electrical systems. On customer request, the AW169 can be equipped with a comprehensive full ice protection system; alternatively, a limited ice protection system may also be integrated. To meet differing customer's requirements and preferences, the AW169 can be configured with numerous optional items of equipment, such as auxiliary fuel tanks, rescue hoist, cargo hook, emergency flotation aids, external cameras, rappelling fittings, wire strike protection system, mission consoles, external loudspeakers, and external lighting arrangements.
In a utility passenger configuration, up to 10 people can be accommodated in the AW169's main cabin, while a corporate transport arrangement can house a maximum of eight people, and a more spacious VIP layout holds six to seven passengers instead. The VIP interior, developed and offered by Mecaer Aviation Group (MAG), features include the Silens noise and vibration-reduction system, the IFEEL In-flight entertainment system, and numerous luxurious cabin refinements. In the emergency medical services (EMS) role, the cabin can accommodate a pair of stretchers while maintaining easy access across each patient from either side, a full medical suite can also be installed.
Operational history
In April 2013, AgustaWestland unveiled the AW169 AAS as its contender in the United States Army's Armed Aerial Scout program. It was the biggest entry with a 10,000 lb gross weight, nearly twice the weight of the Bell OH-58 Kiowa that was being replaced. AgustaWestland stated that its size provided unprecedented cabin flexibility for extended range tanks, command and control facilities, and perhaps manned-unmanned teaming workstations. The size was a potential issue in some respects, such as the number that can be air-transported by a strategic airlifter; AgustaWestland said it had solutions to meet the Army's disassembly and reassembly time limits, and emphasised the type's size and performance values. In later 2013, the AAS program was terminated without any procurement being made.
In September 2015, it was reported that the first AW169 had been delivered to an unidentified VIP customer. The launch customer for the AW169 is Lease Corporation International (LCI); by October 2015, LCI had a total of 12 AW169s on order, the first of which being configured to perform offshore operations. In October 2014, it was announced that the Kent, Surrey and Sussex Air Ambulance would become the first Helicopter Emergency Medical Services (HEMS) operator to use the AW169 in the United Kingdom. In December 2015, AgustaWestland and air-rescue operator REGA announced the formation of a partnership agreement to develop a dedicated search and rescue (SAR) variant of the AW169, REGA also ordered an initial three such rotorcraft at the same time.
By February 2016, at least 20 AW169's had been delivered to various customers across the world and have been used in roles such as EMS, VIP transport, utility and offshore duties.
In July 2017, the National Police Directorate of Norway announced they had reached an agreement with Leonardo to purchase three AW169 for a value of 313 million NOK. The contract includes 10 years support and maintenance for a total contract of 670 million NOK, as well as an option for further three AW169s. The helicopters are expected to enter service by 2019 and will replace the two Eurocopter EC135 currently in use. The main competitor was the Eurocopter EC145.
In September 2020, the Austrian Defense Ministry announced the acquisition of 18 AW169s; these will replace Austria's long-serving fleet of Alouette III helicopters.
Variants
AW169
Overall designation for type.
AW169 AAS
Designation for militarised variant proposed for the Armed Aerial Scout program (cancelled)
AW169M (Multiruolo, Multirole)
Designation for multirole variant UH-169A, ordered by Italian Guardia di Finanza
AW169MA (Multiruolo Avanzato, Multirole Advanced)
Designation for militarised variant UH-169 LUH for the Italian Army, with adaptations for troop transport, utility support, maritime patrol, armed reconnaissance and close air support operations.
Operators
Government and civil
National Gendarmerie (1 delivered)
Indonesian National Police (9 in service)
Guardia di Finanza (22 on order, 1 crashed)
Coastal Administration
Norwegian Police Service
Auckland Rescue Helicopter Trust
Slovenian National Police Force (2 delivered)
Babcock Scandinavian AirAmbulance
Emerald Pacific Airlines
UNI-FLY Operates the AW169 for offshore Wind Farm Support including heli-hoisting and maintenance teams flights.
Specialist Aviation Services operates the AW169 in HEMS role for the following air ambulances:
Air Ambulance Kent Surrey Sussex
Dorset and Somerset Air Ambulance
Essex & Herts Air Ambulance
Magpas
Life Link III
Palm Beach County Trauma Hawk
Travis County STAR Flight
Military
Austrian Air Force (18 on order: 6 AW169B + 12 AW169MA)
Italian Army (15 on order)
Qatar Air Force (1 delivered, +3 on order)
Accidents and incidents
On 27 October 2018, AW169 registration G-VSKP owned by Thai billionaire Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha, chairperson of English football club, Leicester City, crashed shortly after take-off from the King Power Stadium, Leicester, United Kingdom and was destroyed by the resulting fire. All five people aboard the aircraft died, including Vichai. An initial Special Bulletin issued by the Air Accident Investigation Board (AAIB) has attributed the accident to tail rotor failure after analysing the flight recorder and noting the aircraft failed to respond to the pilot's foot pedal commands. In December 2018 the AAIB reported their finding that a rotating bearing at the outer end of the tail rotor control shaft had become seized, causing the shaft to unscrew itself.
On 27 March 2021, Italy's Guardia di Finanza lost a UH-169A (AW169M) helicopter in a crash at its home base, Bolzano Airport. Whilst taxiing to the parking spot, the crew of MM81970/504 (construction number 69109) lost control and fell on its side on the tarmac, apparently due to human error, causing considerable damage to the helicopter. All crew members were unhurt.
Specifications (AW169)
See also
Notes
References
External links
AW169 Page on Leonardocompany.com
AW169
2010s international civil utility aircraft
2010s international helicopters
Twin-turbine helicopters
Aircraft first flown in 2012
Ratcliffe-on-Soar is a village and civil parish in Nottinghamshire on the River Soar. It is part of the Rushcliffe district, and is the site of Ratcliffe-on-Soar Power Station. Nearby places are Kingston on Soar, Kegworth and Trentlock. With a population of around 100, measured at 141 in the 2011 Census, the parish is too small to have a parish council and so has a parish meeting. Although the village does not contain any shops, it has a church and a marina which is often affected by severe flooding as it built on designated floodplain, just before the Soar joins the River Trent at Trentlock.
History
Mesolithic scrapers and Neolithic flints have been found in Ratcliffe-on-Soar.
Ratcliffe is one of three nearby settlements whose name preserves the Brittonic word for "ramparts" (cf. Gaelic rath ), along with Ratby and the Roman ruins at Leicester, known as Ratae Corieltauvorum.
Evidence of a Roman villa and other structures has been found in the village, as well as Roman pottery.
In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village is listed as Radeclive.
The area was a filming location for the 2010 movie Skeletons.
Transport
The Midland Main Line runs by the village, which is served by the East Midlands Parkway railway station. A shuttle bus service runs from the railway station to East Midlands Airport.
References
External links
Villages in Nottinghamshire
Civil parishes in Nottinghamshire
Rushcliffe
Bahtılı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Philip H. Rosenfelt is an American lawyer and civil servant who served as the acting United States Secretary of Education from January 20, 2021 to March 2, 2021. They served in this same position under the Trump administration prior to the Senate confirming Betsy DeVos.
On November 23, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump announced Betsy DeVos to be their designee for Secretary of Education. Prior to DeVos' confirmation by the United States Senate, Rosenfelt was the acting Secretary of Education. Rosenfelt served from January 20, 2017 to February 7, 2017, when DeVos was sworn in.
With the departure of Betsy DeVos at the end of former president Donald Trump's term, Rosenfelt once again assumed the position of acting secretary; this time under the administration of President Joe Biden. Rosenfelt was serving in an acting capacity under Joe Biden's administration until the Senate reviewed the nomination of Miguel Cardona for the position.
Personal life
Born in Paterson, New Jersey, Rosenfelt is of Jewish descent. They received a bachelor of science degree from the University of Pennsylvania, their juris doctor from Columbia University, and their LLM from New York University. They began their service in the federal government in 1971 at the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.
Career
In 2005, Rosenfelt assumed the position of Deputy General Counsel of the United States Department of Education for Program Service. They served under the administration of George W. Bush. They have continued to serve in that capacity since their appointment.
From January 20, 2017 to April 23, 2018, Rosenfelt served as the General Counsel of the United States Department of Education.
They have been designated as the acting United States Secretary of Education on two occasions; the first of these from January 20, 2017 to February 7, 2017, and the second from January 20, 2021 until March 2, 2021. They have been replaced by President Biden's nominee Miguel Cardona as they were confirmed by the Senate.
References
External links
Living people
Columbia Law School alumni
New York University School of Law alumni
People from Paterson, New Jersey
Trump administration cabinet members
Biden administration cabinet members
United States Department of Education officials
United States Secretaries of Education
University of Pennsylvania alumni
New York (state) Independents
Lawyers from New York City
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rufo Emiliano Verga (born 21 December 1969 in Legnano) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
They represented Italy at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
They had to retire young due to knee problems and now runs a café in Richmond, California.
Honours
Club
Milan
Serie A champion: 1987–88.
International
Italy U-21
UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship winner: 1992.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
People from Legnano
Italian footballers
Footballers from Lombardy
Serie A players
Serie B players
Italy under-21 international footballers
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Italy
A.C. Milan players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
S.S. Lazio players
ACF Fiorentina players
Venezia F.C. players
U.S. Lecce players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Milan
Yang Jian (, born 25 August 1981) is a Chinese rower who competed in the Men's lightweight double sculls event at the 2004 Summer Olympics. Their partner was Zhu Zhifu.
References
1981 births
Living people
Rowers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of China
Rowers from Hebei
Chinese male rowers
People from Wangdu County
Sportspeople from Baoding
Malcolm Sheppard (born February 13, 1988) is a former American football defensive tackle. They were signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2010. They played college football at Arkansas.
Sheppard also played for the Tennessee Titans.
Early years
Sheppard attended Bainbridge High School in Bainbridge, Georgia.
College career
Sheppard started the first four games at defensive tackle in 2007 for the Arkansas Razorbacks, but started for the last eight games of the season at their normal position of defensive end. They made 42 tackles, 0.5 sacks, and 10.5 tackles-for-loss in 2007. They moved from defensive end to defensive tackle in the 2008 offseason. Sheppard was named Razorbacks defensive player of the year in 2008 after they made 7.5 sacks, the most by a defensive lineman in the Southeastern Conference. They earned second-team preseason All-SEC honors following the 2008 season. In 2009, head coach Bobby Petrino named Sheppard a team captain.
Professional career
Houston Texans
Sheppard was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent following the 2010 NFL Draft on May 7, 2010. They were waived during final cuts on September 3, but was re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 5. They were promoted to the active roster on October 25 to play in the week 8 game against the Indianapolis Colts, but was inactive for the following four weeks before they were waived on November 30. They were re-signed to the team's practice squad on December 7.
Tennessee Titans
Sheppard was signed off the Texans' practice squad by the Tennessee Titans on December 14, 2010.
San Jose SaberCats
Sheppard signed with the San Jose SaberCats of the Arena Football League on May 28, 2013.
Personal life
Sheppard nearly lost their left eye when they were seven years old after their brother, Zenard, accidentally shot them with a wooden arrow. They now see out of their right eye only due to the blurriness of the left.
References
External links
Tennessee Titans bio
Houston Texans bio
Arkansas Razorbacks football bio
1988 births
Living people
Players of American football from Augusta, Georgia
American football defensive ends
American football defensive tackles
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
Houston Texans players
Tennessee Titans players
San Jose SaberCats players
Eric Quill (born February 28, 1978 in Missouri City, Texas) is an American soccer coach and former player.
Career
College
An outstanding youth soccer player, Quill was offered a contract by Ajax Amsterdam as a teenager, but declined the opportunity to go to Europe. They instead stayed in the United States, following the conventional route by going to Clemson University to play college soccer in 1996. After scoring six goals and five assists as a first-year student for the Tigers, however, Quill decided to go pro, signing a Project-40 contract with MLS.
Professional
Quill was allocated to the Tampa Bay Mutiny for the 1997 season, but saw little playing time. After appearing extensively as a substitute in 1999, Quill finally broke into the team's starting lineup in 2000, when they started 25 games, registering five goals and eleven assists. Quill returned and played just as well in 2001, finishing the year with two goals and eight assists in 23 starts. The Mutiny were contracted at the end of 2001, however, and Quill was selected fourth overall by the Kansas City Wizards in the 2002 MLS Dispersal Draft.
Quill immediately stepped into the Wizards' left midfield position, but numerous injuries limited them to 13 starts and one assist on the season. Having recovered in 2003, Quill had a solid campaign, starting 25 games and scoring three goals and seven assists. However, Quill was traded in the offseason to the Dallas Burn along with Carey Talley for Shavar Thomas. Quill had a disappointing season with the Burn, and although they beat out Brad Davis for their left midfield position, they only registered one goal and three assists on the year. They were let go by the club early in 2005 and signed with the MetroStars in August. Quill was released by the club in November 2005.
Unable to find a club, Quill turned to coaching, spending time as the assistant coach and recruiting coordinator with the women's soccer team at the University of Houston in 2007 and 2008.
In early 2009, Quill was coaxed out of semi-retirement to play in the Premier Development League for Houston Leones, where they were expected to lend their experience to the team's midfield.
International
Although they have been called up to camps, Quill has never played for the United States national team. They have, however, played for the U-23, U-20, and U-16 sides.
Personal life
Quill is married to Susan Bush, former soccer player for the U.S. national team and current coach, who they worked with while the assistant of the Houston Cougars women's team.
References
External links
University of Houston coaching bio
1978 births
Living people
American soccer players
Clemson Tigers men's soccer players
Tampa Bay Mutiny players
Jacksonville Cyclones players
MLS Pro-40 players
Sporting Kansas City players
FC Dallas players
New York Red Bulls players
Houston Leones players
Soccer players from Texas
USISL A-League players
USL A-League players
Major League Soccer players
USL League Two players
Association football midfielders
American soccer coaches
USL League One coaches
José Alfonso Alvarado Pérez (born 15 March 2000), also known as Platano, is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga MX club León, on loan from Monterrey.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Monterrey
Copa MX: 2019–20
CONCACAF Champions League: 2021
Mexico U17
CONCACAF Under-17 Championship: 2017
References
External links
Alfonso Alvarado at Official Liga MX profile
Alfonso Alvarado at Soccerway
Footballers from Sinaloa
2000 births
People from Guasave
Living people
Mexican footballers
Association football forwards
C.F. Monterrey players
Liga MX players
Raya2 Expansión players
Majitu is a Swahili term used to refer to mythological creatures that were popular in African oral narrative.
Majitu, or Jitu in singular, as tales and legends have it, had mystical powers and could shape-shift to blend in with humans. Their interactions with humans at times led to conflicts, which seldom ended in favour of humans.
Majitu mythology is still popular, and in the 1980s was the subject of a locally produced TV series Sisi Majitu on Kenya Broadcasting Corporation (KBC), Kenya's National Broadcaster. There are currently also efforts to revive these popular mythologies in the near future in the form of an animated Majitu TV series by Kenyan-based Animation and VisualFX producer Peter Mute. According to Mute:
Notes
Swahili words and phrases
Michael Farr (born 1953) is a British expert on the comic series The Adventures of Tintin and its creator, Hergé. They have written several books on the subject as well as translating several others into English. A former reporter, they have also written about other subjects.
Biography
Michael Farr was born in 1953 in Paris to an Austrian-Czech mother, Hildegarde Farr (née Pisarowitz) and a British journalist father, Walter Farr. Educated at Harrow School, and then a history scholar at Trinity College Cambridge, they read Theology as their part one before changing to Fine Art in which they gained an MA. They became a reporter, first for Reuters and then the Daily Telegraph, travelling around the world as a foreign correspondent. After meeting Hergé, Farr started writing books about Tintin. Farr was the first to gain full access to the files and material Hergé had used in developing the Tintin stories, for their book Tintin: The Complete Companion.
In 2004 Farr was interviewed on BBC News in a section on the Tintin exhibition at the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich. They appeared in 2003 in the documentary film, Tintin and I. They now live in London with their German wife and daughter.
Farr is multilingual in English, French, German and Italian. They wrote a French version of Tintin: The Complete Companion at the same time as they wrote the English version.
Bibliography
Books on Tintin
Tintin, 60 years Of Adventure
Tintin: The Complete Companion
Tintin & Co.
Tintin
Snowy
Haddock
Calculus
Castafiore
Thomson and Thompson
Chang
Alcazar
Lampion
Müller
Rastapopoulos
Abdullah
The Adventures Of Hergé, Creator Of Tintin
Tintin-related books translated into English
Tintin and the World of Hergé by Benoit Peeters
Hergé and Tintin, Reporters by Philippe Goddin
The Adventures of Tintin at Sea by Yves Horeau
The Art of Hergé, Inventor of Tintin, Vol. I by Philippe Goddin
The Art of Hergé, Inventor of Tintin, Vol. II by Philippe Goddin
The Art of Hergé, Inventor of Tintin, Vol. III by Philippe Goddin
All the digital versions of The Adventures of Tintin released via Moulinsart's official Tintin app in Apple's App Store (the original Michael Turner and Leslie Lonsdale-Cooper translations are not used for the digital releases)
Tintin in America new 2020 Moulsinart translation for colorized edition of the original 1932 version.
Other books
Vanishing Borders
Berlin! Berlin!
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
British non-fiction writers
British translators
Tintin
British people of Austrian descent
British people of Czech descent
British male writers
Hergé
Male non-fiction writers
Catherine C. Morse (born June 15, 1955) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.
Morse was born in Rochester, New York. They won the 1972 New York State Junior Amateur, and the New York State Women's Amateur in 1974 and 1976. They were runner-up to Nancy Lopez in the 1972 U.S. Girls' Junior.
Morse played college golf at the University of Miami. In 1977, they won the AIAW national individual intercollegiate golf championship and led their team to the team title. They were inducted into the university's Sports Hall of Fame in 2009.
Morse joined the LPGA Tour in 1978 and won just once, at the 1982 Chrysler-Plymouth Charity Classic. They dedicated the win to their late fiancé, Jim Meyer, who died four months earlier.
Professional wins
LPGA Tour wins (1)
References
External links
American female golfers
Miami Hurricanes women's golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Golfers from New York (state)
Golfers from Florida
Sportspeople from Rochester, New York
People from Palm Beach Gardens, Florida
1955 births
Living people
Beverlei Brown is a British R&B and soul singer. Brown gleaned their singing skills from their mother, who sang in their church's choir in Birmingham, England. When they were old enough, Brown sang with the choir and eventually became the leader.
They performed a solo with the Clark Sisters at the gospel wailers' UK concert and caught a sweet break with the Fine Young Cannibals, who needed some gospel singers for an album project; with Brown on board, the sessions were good enough to land FYC a record deal and Brown a gig on their worldwide promotional tour.
They returned to Birmingham after the expedition, finished school, and worked as a receptionist for a law office before accepting a touring gig with Ruby Turner that lasted two years. Them reputation grew quickly and Brown found work with Simply Red, Snap!, Joe Cocker, the Brand New Heavies, Babyface, Chaka Khan, and others.
The chance to cut a record came in 1996 via a Gary Benson/Livingston Brown song and production called "On and On", which was a UK club jam; a recorded album went unreleased when the record company went under. Dome Records representatives approached them two years later with a deal that resulted in relocation to London and hours of studio work. Brown co-wrote six tracks on their debut album Next to You; the selections include a duet, "Could Be You", cut in New Jersey with labelmate Dennis Taylor. The CD was a hot item in Japan; the UK version has three additional tracks.
2000s, Eurovision Song Contest
Brown recorded songs at the start of the 2000s such as "Part Time Lover", "Tell Me" and "Somebody Knows How You Feel" (UK No. 96), that all received some airplay on shows such as Trevor Nelson's Rhythm Nation on BBC Radio 1.
Brown sang a duet with Justin Hawkins on a song called "Ashamed" on Hot Leg's album Red Light Fever and also performed the additional vocals on the song "Cocktails".
In 2003, they recorded a lead vocal on the Full Flava's song "Love Holds No Limit", which was released on the Flava's studio album Colour of My Soul.
In 2007, Brown sang a duet with Justin Hawkins on "Making Your Mind Up", which was broadcast on the BBC, in the hope of representing the UK in Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
Brown worked on new material with Justin Hawkins and Alan Glass, among others.
References
External links
Article on Justin&Beverlei duet on MYMU BBC homepage
Article Esctoday.com
20th-century births
Living people
21st-century Black British women singers
British contemporary R&B singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rafel Aveleyra (born 29 July 1932) is a Mexican archer. They competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1932 births
Living people
Mexican male archers
Olympic archers of Mexico
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Daniel Vaughan (27 July 1897 – 23 September 1975) was an Irish politician and farmer. They were first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1922 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Mid, North, South, South East and West constituency. They were re-elected at the 1923 general election for the Cork North constituency. They were again re-elected at the June 1927, September 1927 and 1932 general elections.
After the 1932 general election, Vaughan along all other sitting Farmers' Party TDs joined the newly formed National Centre Party and they contested the 1933 general election under that banner; however Vaughan was not re-elected.
References
1897 births
1975 deaths
Farmers' Party (Ireland) TDs
National Centre Party (Ireland) TDs
Members of the 3rd Dáil
Members of the 4th Dáil
Members of the 5th Dáil
Members of the 6th Dáil
Members of the 7th Dáil
Politicians from County Cork
Irish farmers
People of the Irish Civil War (Pro-Treaty side)
David Charles Manners BEM (born 1965) is a British writer published in four languages.  They are the co-founder of Sarvashubhamkara, a charity that provides medical care, education and human contact to socially excluded individuals and communities on the Indian subcontinent, most of whom are affected by the stigma of leprosy.
They were awarded the British Empire Medal in the Queen's Birthday Honours 2022 Overseas and International List: Order of the British Empire, 'For services to leprosy sufferers and their children in India and Nepal'.
Background
David is of British, French, Swedish and Ashkenazi ancestry. Their mother was raised in Sussex, their father on India's North-West Frontier and in East Punjab.
David was raised in a devout Mormon family. Having been put through exorcisms, church 'therapy' and confinement for their sexuality, they were finally excommunicated by church court at the age of 20.
 They are the 6+great grandson of James Lee (nurseryman), who first introduced to British cultivation the China rose, fuchsia and dahlia; the 3+great-grandson of Dr. Charles Thomas Pearce, homoeopath and surgeon, who promoted vegetarianism, improved care for the mentally ill and the cessation of vivisection; and 2+great grandson of Alfred John Pearce (1840-1923), the writer and celebrated Victorian astrologer 'Zadkiel II', an early member of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.
David's 2+great grandmother Helena Amelia Lindgren (1855-1931) modelled for, amongst others, James Abbott McNeill Whistler at their studio on the Chelsea riverbank in the 1870s. When Whistler‘s mother tired of posing for the portrait now known as Whistler's Mother, it was Helena who sat in Anna McNeill Whistler's place.
David is also a cousin-removed to the British writer Robert Byron, Swedish writer and suffragette Cecilia Milow, English-Australian actor Gordon Chater, English artist Desmond Chute and Hollywood's first British freelance film journalist and photographer Margaret Chute. David keeps the family archive of both Desmond and Margaret.
Education and career
David worked as a theatre designer, primarily with Adventures in Motion Pictures. They were appointed Design Associate with the company in 1992. Their designs included Matthew Bourne's Infernal Galop (1989; revived 1992), Deadly Serious (1992), The Percys of Fitzrovia (1992) and Drip: a Narcissistic Love Story (BBC's Dance for the Camera, 1993). 2012 saw Infernal Galop revived by Bourne's New Adventures, as part of the 20th anniversary celebrations of the founding of their companies.
They also designed the first Italian translation of Bernstein's Candide for Graham Vick at Batignano, Tuscany.
David designed and/or made costumes for performance artist Rose English, dance company Moving Mountains, theatre company 20th-Century Vixen and Glyndebourne Festival Opera.
Awarded a BA Music (Sound & Image) degree from Newton Park College, Bath, they went on to train in Physical Medicine and subsequently worked for thirteen years as Physical Therapist with musicians, conductors and singers at Glyndebourne Festival Opera.
 They are a contributor to various journals including the National Geographic Traveller magazine.
David writes in French and was commissioned to provide an article for the publication Memoire d'Opale in 2018. Le cœur si doux et si tendre - Lettres d'amour interdites à Montreuil-sur-Mer describes the set of secret love letters they discovered at the back of a family diary dating from the Franco-Prussian War.
Their first book, In the Shadow of Crows, was published in 2009 by Reportage Press, A second edition, published by Signal Books, was released in August 2011.
David spent 2011 in collaboration with Jerwood Award-winning choreographer and director Ben Wright, creating text to inspire a new work for the dance company bgroup, which was taken on a national tour in the UK.
Their second book, Limitless Sky, was released by Rider (imprint), a Random House division, in June 2014. It has subsequently been published in translation, in both Lithuanian and Turkish. Lithuania's television channel tv3 recommended Limitless Sky in its 20 Best Books for the Summer in 2015. The book is referenced by the OED for the use of the term faggot.
In 2015, David was interviewed for inclusion in the schools handbook How to Create Kind Schools by Jenny Hulme (published by Jessica Kingsley), to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the national anti-bullying charity Kidscape.
David's play ′′Picture Perfect′′ is based on the life of their relation Margaret Chute, Hollywood's first freelance film journalist and photographer. ′Picture Perfect′ opened in July 2021 at the Stables Theatre, Hastings, starring Liza Sadovy directed by Tony Graham.
David was commissioned to write for The Stables Theatre, Hastings. Here at Last is Love is based on personal interviews and unpublished letters written by members of the Pink Sink set – a group of gay army officers and M.I.5 agents, who met at the lower bar at London's Ritz Hotel during the Blitz. These men included Terence Rattigan, Desmond Carrington, Paul Dehn, Dunstan Thompson and Michael Pitt-Rivers, all of whom gathered around a socially-ostracised, single mother affectionately known as Sodomy Johnson, 'the Buggers' Vera Lynn'. Here at Last is Love opened in May 2022, directed by Jason Morell.
References
Bibliography
David Charles Manners, In the Shadow of Crows: Reportage Press, London, 2009. ;
David Charles Manners, In the Shadow of Crows: Signal Books, Oxford, 2011.
David Charles Manners, Limitless Sky: Rider Books/Random House, London, 2014.
David Charles Manners, Himalaya Şamanı: Kuraldışı Yayınevi, Istanbul, 2014.
David Charles Manners, Beribis Dangus : Vaga, Vilnius, 2014.
External links
1965 births
Living people
People from Epsom
People from Lichfield
People from Eastbourne
British writers
British gay writers
LGBT writers from England
People excommunicated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Recipients of the British Empire Medal
21st-century LGBT people
Rarotonga is the largest and most populous of the Cook Islands. The island is volcanic, with an area of , and is home to almost 75% of the country's population, with 13,007 of a total population of 17,434. The Cook Islands' Parliament buildings and international airport are on Rarotonga. Rarotonga is a very popular tourist destination with many resorts, hotels and motels. The chief town, Avarua, on the north coast, is the capital of the Cook Islands.
Captain John Dibbs, master of the colonial brig Endeavour, is credited as the European discoverer on 25 July 1823, while transporting the missionary Reverend John Williams.
Geography
Rarotonga is a kidney-shaped volcanic island, in circumference, and wide on its longest (east-west) axis. The island is the summit of an extinct Pliocene or Pleistocene volcano, which rises 5000 meters from the seafloor. The island was formed between 2.3 to 1.6 million years ago, with a later stage of volcanism between 1.4 and 1.1 million years ago. While its position is consistent with being formed by the Macdonald hotspot, its age is too young, and its formation is attributed to a short-lived Rarotonga hotspot, or to rejuvenated volcanism at Aitutaki.
The core of the island consists of densely forested hills cut by deep valleys, the eroded remnants of the original volcanic cone. The hills are drained by a number of radial streams, including the Avatiu Stream and Takuvaine Stream. Te Manga, at 658 m (2,140 ft) above sea level, is the highest peak on the island. Ikurangi, a smaller peak, overlooks the capital.
The hills are surrounded by a low coastal plain consisting of beaches, a storm ridge, lowland swamps, and alluvial deposits. This in turn is surrounded by a fringing reef, which ranges from 30 to 900 metres wide. The reef is shallow, with a maximum depth of 1.5m, and has a number of passages, notably at Avarua, Avatiu and Ngatangiia. Beyond the reef crest, the outer reef slopes steeply to deep water.
The lagoon is at its widest off the southeast coast in the area of the Muri Lagoon. This area contains four small islets or motu. From north to south, the islets are:
Motutapu,
Oneroa,
Koromiri,
Taakoka,
Another small islet, Motutoa, lies on the reef flat on the northwest coast.
Natural environment
The interior of the island is dominated by eroded volcanic peaks cloaked in dense vegetation. Paved and unpaved roads allow access to valleys but the interior of the island remains largely unpopulated due to forbidding terrain and lack of infrastructure.
Takitumu Conservation Area
A tract of 155 ha of land has been set aside in the south-east as the Takitumu Conservation Area to protect native birds and plants, especially the Vulnerable Rarotonga monarch or kakerori. Other threatened birds resident in the conservation area include the Rarotonga fruit dove and Rarotonga starling, and the site has been recognised as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International.
History
The earliest evidence of human presence in the Southern Cook Islands has been dated to around AD 1000. Oral tradition tells that Rarotonga was settled by various groups, including Ata-i-te-kura, Apopo-te-akatinatina and Apopo-te-ivi-roa in the ninth century, and Tangi'ia Nui from Tahiti and Karika from Samoa in 1250. An early ariki, Toi, is said to have built Te Ara Nui o Toi or Ara Metua, a paved road that encircles the island, though the sites adjacent to it are dated to 1530. Trading contact was maintained with the Austral Islands, Samoa and the Marquesas to import basalt that was used for making local adze heads, while a pottery fragment found on Ma'uke has been traced to Tongatapu to the west, the main island of Tonga. The ultimate origin of almost all the islanders' settlement cargo can be traced back to Southeast Asia: not just their chickens, Pacific rats, Polynesian pigs, Pacific dogs and crops, but also several kinds of lizards and snails. Among the species that are understood to have reached Rarotonga by these means are at least two species of geckos and three of skinks. Likewise, the ultimate origin of almost 30 of their crops lies in the west.
According to New Zealand Māori tradition, Kupe, the discoverer of Aotearoa, visited Rarotonga, and the Māori migration canoes Tākitimu, Te Arawa, Tainui, Mātaatua, Tokomaru and Kurahaupō passed through on their way to Aotearoa.
Fletcher Christian visited the island in 1789 on but did not land. Captain Theodore Walker sighted the island in 1813 on the ship Endeavour. The first recorded landing by a European was Captain Philip Goodenough with William Wentworth in 1814 on the schooner Cumberland. On 25 July 1823, while transporting the missionary Reverend John Williams, the Endeavour returned to Rarotonga. Papeiha, a London Missionary Society evangelist from Bora Bora, went ashore to teach their religion. Further missionaries followed, and by 1830 the island had converted to Christianity.From 1830 to 1850, Rarotonga was a popular stop for whalers and trading schooners, and trade began with the outside world. The missionaries attempted to exclude other Europeans as a bad influence, and in 1845 Rarotongan ariki prohibited the sale of land to Europeans, though they were allowed to rent land on an annual basis. Despite a further ban on foreign settlement in 1848, European traders began to settle. In 1865, driven by rumours that France planned to annex the islands, the ariki of Rarotonga unsuccessfully petitioned Governor George Grey of New Zealand for British protection. In 1883 the Royal navy de facto recognised the ariki of Rarotonga as an independent government. By this time Makea Takau Ariki had become paramount among the ariki, and was recognised as the "Queen of Rarotonga" on a visit to New Zealand. In 1888 the island became a British protectorate after a petition from the ariki. In 1901, it was annexed by New Zealand.Oranges had been introduced by the Bounty mutineers, and after annexation developed into a major export crop, though exports had been disrupted by poor shipping. In 1945 the industry was revived with a government-led citrus replanting scheme, and in 1961 a canning factory was opened to allow the export of juice. The industry survived until the 1980s, but collapsed after New Zealand adopted Rogernomics and removed privileged market access.
An airstrip was built in 1944, leading to regular flights to Fiji, Tonga, Samoa and Aitutaki. The airport and better shipping links saw the beginnings of large-scale migration to New Zealand. Emigration increased further in the early 1970's when the airport was upgraded, but this was balanced by immigration from elsewhere in the Cook Islands.
Flooding in April and May 1967 damaged bridges on the island and caused widespread crop losses, raising risks of a food shortage. An unnamed tropical cyclone in December of that year left hundreds homeless and caused widespread devastation after demolishing homes and offices in Avarua. In December 1976 80% of the island's banana crop was destroyed by tropical cyclone Kim. In January 1987 Tropical Cyclone Sally made a thousand people homeless and damaged 80% of the buildings in Avarua.
Demographics and settlements
The population of Rarotonga was 13007 in 2016.
The island is traditionally divided into three tribal districts or vaka. Te Au O Tonga on the northern side of the island (Avarua is the capital), Takitumu on the eastern and southern side and Puaikura on the western side. For administrative purposes it is divided into five Land Districts. The Land District of Avarua is represented under vaka Te Au O Tonga, the Land Districts of Matavera, Ngatangiia and Titikaveka are represented under vaka Takitumu and the Land District Arorangi is represented under vaka Puaikura.
In 2008, the three vaka councils of Rarotonga were abolished.
Area attractions
Palm-studded white sandy beaches fringe most of the island, and there is a popular cross-island walk that connects Avatiu valley with the south side of the island. It passes the Te Rua Manga, the prominent needle-shaped rock visible from the air and some coastal areas. Hikes can also be taken to the Raemaru, or flat-top mountain. Other attractions include Wigmore Falls (Papua Falls) and the ancient marae, Arai te Tonga.
Popular island activities include snorkeling, scuba diving, bike riding, kite surfing, hiking, deep-sea fishing, boat tours, scenic flights, going to restaurants, dancing, seeing island shows, squash, tennis, zipping around on mopeds, and sleeping on the beach. There are many churches open for service on Sunday, with a cappella singing. People congregate at the sea wall that skirts the end of the airport's runway to be "jetblasted" by aircraft.
Transport
Rarotonga has three harbours, Avatiu, Avarua and Avana, of which only Avatiu harbour is of commercial significance. The Port of Avatiu serves a small fleet of inter-island and fishing vessels, with cargo ships regularly visiting from New Zealand via other Pacific Islands ports. Large cruise ships regularly visit Rarotonga but the port is too small for cruise ships to enter and they are required to anchor off shore outside the harbour.The island is encircled by a main road, Ara Tapu, that traces the coast. Three-quarters of Rarotonga is also encircled by the ancient inner road, Ara Metua. Approximately 29 km long, this road was constructed in 11th century and for most or all of its whole length was paved with large stone slabs. Along this road are several important maraes, including Arai Te Tonga, the most sacred shrine in Rarotonga. Due to the mountainous interior, there is no road crossing the island. Rarotonga has only two bus routes: clockwise and anticlockwise. The clockwise bus runs from morning operating an hourly schedule until a last service at 11pm. The anti-clockwise route leaves Avarua on the half-hour, with the last service at 4.30 pm. Although there are bus stops, the buses pick up and set down anywhere en route.
Rarotonga International Airport is the international airport of the Cook Islands. Air Rarotonga operates domestic inter-island flights: daily flights to Aitutaki, regular flights to Atiu, Mangaia, Mauke and Mitiaro, and occasional flights to the remote northern atolls of Manihiki, Tongareva (Penrhyn) and Pukapuka.
As of 2017 Air New Zealand operates weekly direct flights to and from Los Angeles and Sydney, in addition to five flights a week from Auckland. An additional six flights per week from Auckland are operated by Jetstar (3) and Virgin Australia (3). Air Tahiti operates one or two flights per week direct to and from Papeete, depending on the season.
Popular culture
The travel writer Robert Dean Frisbie died on the island, after having lived there only briefly.
The 1995 album Finn by the Finn Brothers ends with the song "Kiss the Road of Rarotonga", which was inspired by a motorcycle accident that Tim Finn had during a visit there.
The U.S. television series Survivor: Cook Islands was filmed on Aitutaki, one of the islands in the southern group. One of the tribes was called Rarotonga (or Raro for short).
A number of feature-length films are linked to Rarotonga: Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence, depicting a Japanese POW camp for British prisoners in the island of Java in the year 1942, was filmed here, The Other Side of Heaven, which is set in Niuatoputapu, Tonga, but was filmed in part on Rarotonga, and Johnny Lingo which was set here.
In the 2008 film Nim's Island, Rarotonga is portrayed as a waypoint for fictional adventure writer Alexandra Rover (Jodie Foster) on their journey from San Francisco to a South Pacific island.
In 1951 Mexican writers Yolanda Vargas Dulché and Guillermo de la Parra wrote Rarotonga, a comic book whose plot unfolds on the island. The hero of the story is called Zonga, an enigmatic woman with superhuman powers. The comic inspired a Mexican movie filmed in 1978 and a song by the Mexican rock band Café Tacuba.
The 1948 film Another Shore has as its central character an Irish civil servant who fantasises about going to live on Rarotonga.
Smooth Walker (Howard Hesseman) books a flight to Rarotonga in the 1983 film Doctor Detroit.
Former New Zealand cricket captain John Wright's 1990 autobiography is titled Christmas in Rarotonga.
Gallery
See also
Auparu – in Cook Islands mythology, Auparu ("gentle dew") is a stream in Rarotonga, the bathing-place of nymphs or fairies.
Nukutere College – the country's only Roman Catholic secondary school
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rarotonga
Treaty of Rarotonga – 1985 South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone Treaty
References
External links
History of districts and villages
FAQ, cookislands.travel
Original Tapere subdivision of Rarotonga
Islands of the Cook Islands
Important Bird Areas of the Cook Islands
Neotogaria saitonis is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Shōnen Matsumura in 1931. It is found in Vietnam, China (Shaanxi, Zhejiang, Guangdong, Yunnan) and Taiwan.
Subspecies
Neotogaria saitonis saitonis (Taiwan)
Neotogaria saitonis sinjaevi Laszlo, G. Ronkay, L. Ronkay & Witt, 2007 (Vietnam, China: Shaanxi, Zhejiang, Guangdong, Yunnan)
References
Moths described in 1931
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Prince of Hailing may refer to:
Xiao Zhaowen, demoted emperor of the Southern Qi dynasty
Wanyan Liang, demoted emperor of the Jurchen Jin dynasty
The men's 400 metre individual medley competition of the swimming events at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships took place on September 5.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following records were established during the competition:
Results
Heats
29 swimmers participated in 4 heats, qualified swimmers are listed:
Christian Leitzmann, almost at the end at the butterfly leg, swallowed some water and abandoned the race.
Final
The results of the final are below.
References
Individual medley 400 metre, men's
World Aquatics Championships
M.W. Kellogg Ltd. (MWKL) was a British full-service contractor primarily serving the hydrocarbon market. It had the capability to execute large international projects from conceptual feasibility studies through fixed-price turnkey mega-projects.
Background
Established in the 1930s, it was a wholly owned subsidiary of the M.W. Kellogg Co. It was a private limited company jointly owned by KBR and JGC Corp. Formal joint ownership between KBR and JGC was established in 1992, when JGC purchased 45 percent of MWKL stock—although a strong relationship between the two companies existed for much longer. It is now wholly owned by KBR after a takeover that occurred December 2010 – January 2011. M.W. Kellogg Ltd. has now changed its name to KBR UK Ltd.
MWKL was involved in numerous LNG and GTL projects, notably Woodside in Australia, Oman LNG, Nigeria LNG, Pearl GTL in Qatar and SEGAS LNG in Egypt. In addition to LNG, other major projects have included gas processing facilities, petroleum refineries, fertiliser complexes, and large petrochemical and polymer plants.
Its largest project was a joint venture with Aker Engineering of Norway, for the full design, supply and construction of the Troll Terminal project in Norway, for Norske Shell, equivalent sized expansions of Statoil's gas terminal at Karsto, also in Norway. MWKL worked with Statoil for almost a quarter of a century. During this time, it completed numerous studies and pre-engineering packages for a number of projects, including Mongstad refinery in Norway, Kalundborg refinery in Denmark, methanol plant in Tjeldbergodden, Norway, and Hammerfest plant in Snohvit, Norway.
References
External links
Official Website
Oil and gas companies of the United Kingdom
JGC Corporation
Stanley B. Lippman is a computer scientist and author.  They are most widely known as an author of the C++ Primer book, which is currently published as 5th edition. Lippman has also authored the book Inside the C++ Object Model. They worked with Bjarne Stroustrup at Bell Laboratories during early stages of C++ development. In 2001, Lippman became an architect for Visual C++. In 2007, they joined Emergent Game Technologies. They then worked for NASA, Pixar and is now working at 2kQubits according to their LinkedIn page.
Books
References
American computer scientists
American technology writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a legendary Japanese mermaid or merman with a bird-beak like mouth and three legs or tail-fins, who allegedly emerges from the sea, prophesies either an abundant harvest or an epidemic, and instructed people to make copies of its likeness to defend against illness.
The amabie appears to be a variant or misspelling of the amabiko or amahiko (, , , , , ), otherwise known as the , also a prophetic beast depicted variously in different examples, being mostly as 3-legged or 4-legged, and said to bear ape-like (sometimes torso-less), daruma doll-like, or bird-like, or fish-like resemblance according to commentators.
This information was typically disseminated in the form of illustrated woodblock print bulletins (kawaraban) or pamphlets (surimono) or hand-drawn copies. The amabie was depicted on a print marked with an 1846 date. Attestation to the amabiko predating amabie had not been known until the discovery of a hand-painted leaflet dated 1844.
There are also other similar that are not classed within the amabie/amabiko group, e.g.,the
.
Legend
According to legend, an amabie appeared in Higo Province (Kumamoto Prefecture), around the middle of the fourth month, in the year Kōka-3 (mid-May 1846) in the Edo period. A glowing object had been spotted in the sea, almost on a nightly basis. The town's official went to the coast to investigate and witnessed the amabie. According to the sketch made by this official, it had long hair, a mouth like bird's bill, was covered in scales from the neck down and three-legged. Addressing the official, it identified itself as an amabie and told them that it lived in the open sea. It went on to deliver a prophecy: "Good harvest will continue for six years from the current year; if disease spreads, draw a picture of me and show the picture of me to those who fall ill." Afterward, it returned to the sea. The story was printed in the (woodblock-printed bulletins), where its portrait was printed, and this is how the story disseminated in Japan.
Amabiko group
There is only one unique record of an amabie, whose meaning is uncertain. It has been conjectured that this amabie was simply a miscopying of "amabiko", a yōkai creature that can be considered identical. Like the amabie, the amabiko is a three-legged or multi-legged prophesizing creature which prescribes the display of its artistic likeness to defend against sickness or death. However, the appearance of the amabie is said to be rather mermaid-like (the three-leggedness allegedly stemming from a mermaid type called ), and for this reason one researcher concludes there is not enough of a close resemblance in physical appearance between the two.
Name variations
There are a dozen or more attestations of amabiko or amahiko (; var. , , ) extant (counting the amabie), with the copies dated 1843 (Tenpō 14) perhaps being the oldest.
Locality of appearances
Four describe appearances in Higo Province, one report the in neighboring Hyuga Province (Miyazaki prefecture), another vaguely points to the western sea.
Beyond those clustered in the south, two describe appearances in Echigo Province in the north.
The two oldest accounts (1844, 1846) do not closely specify the locations, but several accounts name specific village or counties (gun) that turn out to be nonexistent fictitious place names.
Physical characteristics
The accompanying caption texts describe some as glowing (at night) or having ape-like voices, but description of physical appearance is rather scanty. The newspapers and commentators however provide iconographic analysis of the pictorials (hand-painted and prints).
The majority of pictorial represent the amabiko/amabie as 3-legged (or odd-number legged), with a couple cases rather like an ordinary quadruped.
Torso-less ape-like version
An , whose appearance in Echigo Province is documented on a leaflet dated 1844 (Tenpō 15).
The hand-copied pamphlet illustration depicts a creature rather like an ape with three legs, the legs seemingly projecting directly from the head (without any neck or torso in-between). The body and face are covered profusely with short hair, except for it being bald-headed. The eyes and ears are human-like, with a pouty or protruding mouth. The creature appeared in the year 1844 and predicted doom to 70% of the Japanese population that year, which could be averted with its picture-amulet.
Amahiko-no-mikoto
The was spotted in a rice paddy in Yuzawa, Niigata, as reported by the from 1875. The crude newspaper illustration depicts a daruma doll-like or ape-like, hairless-looking four-legged creature. This example stands out since it was emerged not in the ocean but in a wet rice field. Also, the addition of the imperial/divine title of "-mikoto" has been noted by one researcher as resembling the name of one of the Amatsukami or "Heavenly Deities" of ancient Japan.
This creature in the crude drawing is said to resemble a daruma doll or an ape.
Ape-voiced
There are at least three examples of the amabiko[?] crying like apes.
The texts of all three identify the place of appearance as , a non-existent county in Higo Province, and names the discoverer who heard the ape voices heard by night and tracked down the amabiko as one Shibata Hikozaemon (or Goroemon/Gorozaemon).
One ape-voiced is represented by a hand-painted copy owned by , an authority in the study of this yōkai. This document has a terminus post quem of 1871 (Meiji 4) or later, The painting is said to depict a quadruped, with extremely close similarity in form to the mikoto (ape- or daruma doll-like) by commentators. However, the that cried like an ape (newspaper piece) is reported to have been drawn as a "three-legged monster". And the encyclopedia example described the as a in its sub-heading.
A tangential point of interest is that this text transcribed in the newspaper refers to "we amahiko who dwell in the sea", suggesting there are multiple numbers of the creature.
Glowing
The foregoing was also described as a . The glowing is an attribute common to other examples, such as the amabie and reported in the Nagano Shinbun.
was also purportedly seen glowing at night in the offing of the Western Sea, during the Tenpō era (1830–1844), and illustrations were brought for sale at 5 sens apiece to -kanamachi village, Tokyo, as reported in another newspaper, dated 20 October 1881. This creature allegedly predicted global-scale doom thirty-odd years ahead, conveniently coinciding with the time the peddlers were selling them, prompting researcher Eishun Nagano to comment that while the text may or may not have been genuinely composed in the Edo Period, the illustrations were probably contemporary, though they guess that the merchandise was surimono woodblock print. The creature also professed to serve the heavenly Tenbu or Deva divinities (of Buddhism), even though they are presumably sea-dwelling.
Old man or monk
The on a surimono print, which purportedly appeared in Hyūga Province, The illustration here resembles an old man with bird-like body and nine legs.
Similar yōkai
In Japanese folklore or popular imagination, there are also other similar yōkai that follow the pattern of predicting doom and instructing humans to copy or view its image, but lie outside the classification of amabie/amabiko according to a noted researcher. These are referred to generically as "other" .
Among the other prophetic beasts was the , which appeared in "Aotori-kōri" county, Higo Province, according to the Kōfu Nichinichi Shimbun newspaper dated 17 June 1876, although this report has been debunked by another paper.
The yamawarawa in the folklore of Amakusa is believed to haunt the mountains. Although neither of these last two emerge from sea, other similarities such as prophesying and three-leggedness indicate some sort of interrelationship.
There are various other yōkai creatures that are vastly different in appearance, but have the ability to predict, such as the kudan, the or "shrine princess", the or "bumper crop year turtle", and the "turtle woman".
A tradition in the West ascribes every creature of the sea with the ability to foretell the future, and there is no scarcity of European legends about merfolk bringing prophecy. For this reason, the amabie is considered to be a type of mermaid, in some quarters. But since the amabie is credited with the ability to repel pestilence as well, it should be considered as more of a deity according to some.
COVID-19
During the COVID-19 pandemic in Japan, amabie became a popular topic on Twitter in Japan. Manga artists (e.g. Chica Umino, Mari Okazaki and Toshinao Aoki) published their cartoon versions of amabie on social networks. The Twitter account of Orochi Do, an art shop specializing in hanging scrolls of yōkai, is said to have been the first, tweeting "a new coronavirus countermeasure" in late February 2020. A Twitter bot account (amabie14) has been collecting images of amabie since March 2020. This trend was noticed by scholars.
See also
Ningyo
Fiji mermaid
Jenny Haniver
Cradleboard, which some amabie resemble
Footnotes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
Yōkai
Mermaids
Japanese folklore
Prophecy
Internet memes
COVID-19 pandemic in Japan
Plattsburg College was a Methodist educational institution in Plattsburg, Missouri in the 19th century. Despite its name, it was primarily focused on educating young men and women of high school age.
Establishment and Civil War years
Established in 1855 as an institution of the Methodist Conference, it was initially named "The Plattsburg High School". The initial building cost $17,000, and "was recognized as one of the finest structures in this part of the state". Constructed on a four-acre tract, the institution was in a red brick building described as "a compact, oblong structure of two stories, with large, old-fashioned windows of many panes", with "a portico and outside entrance at the front of the building".
Reverend Levin Major Lewis was principal of Plattsburg College from 1856 to 1859. During this time, the school "had about 150 pupils each year from Clinton and nearby counties". Lewis was succeeded by Reverend Jesse Bird, who remained for two years, until they were "arrested and imprisoned by Federal authorities during the Civil War for preaching the gospel without taking the oath prescribed in the new constitution of Missouri". After Bird's arrest, their son, Benjamin Bird, ran the school briefly, "the occupancy by the militia interfering with further discharge of their duty as principal".
The building was used as barracks during war, "bullet holes being yet visible in the frames with the doors and windows as a result of it being fired on by soldiers". The house and grounds were "much despoiled of their beauty and fresh appearance while in the possession of soldiery". During the later part of the war "Professor Scott taught the school, and was succeeded by J. N. Thomas, then Capt. E. C. Thomas, Williamson, Brown, Mrs. Lizzie Foster, Linn and Riley, Rev. C. W. Price and others".
The history of the school from then to 1880 is described as follows:
Post-war years and disestablishment
After the war, the school "had a varied history until 1880. Debt gathered and the splendid property fell into the hands of the St. Joseph Building Company, and sold by them in 1879 to Thomas J. Porter, James M. Riley, E. W. Turner, N. T. Essig, John M. McMichael and George R. Riley, of Plattsburg".
In 1880, John W. Ellis purchased Plattsburg College and began teaching classes in the fall of that year, graduating their first class in June, 1881. Ellis was president of the college for seventeen years. Both their wife and their son, J. Breckenridge Ellis, were part of the faculty. During Ellis's tenure, the institution served as "a school for girls and boys, young women and young men", and taught "music and art, and gymnastics, beside the regular course of studies". Ellis's direction of the school was described as "highly successful". During this time, the building was also used for community functions, and "was the scene of many social gatherings", through which it was reported that "[m]any of the most distinguished men of the nation have been entertained within those walls".
In 1897, Ellis "sold the college to the German Baptists, who allowed it to become extinct after much litigation and many legal contests". The building was later "used for a sanitarium for a short time", and a short-lived effort was made to continue conducting a college there under a Dr. Sharpe.
The Plattsburgh Chautauqua Association acquired the building in 1909, and as of 1920, still held the property.
Notable alumni of the institution include Archelaus Marius Woodson, who served on the Supreme Court of Missouri.
References
External links
History of Plattsburg and Clinton County, Plattsburg Chamber of Commerce
1855 establishments in Missouri
1897 disestablishments in the United States
Clinton County, Missouri
Bougoula, Sikasso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 4,035.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Major-General Sir Arnold Walmsley Stott, (7 July 1885 – 15 June 1958) was a British physician, specialising in cardiovascular disease.
Military career
Stott was born on 7 July 1885 in Bardsley, Lancashire, England. They were educated at Rugby School, an all-boys public school. They studied at Trinity College, Cambridge and then trained in medicine at St Bartholomew's Hospital Medical College. They qualified Member of the Royal College of Physicians (MRCP) in 1912. They were an assistant to the noted cardiologist Sir Thomas Lewis, and worked in the pathology and children's departments of St Bartholomew's Hospital as a house physician.
During the First World War, they served as a pathologist with the Royal Army Medical Corps, seeing active service in France. They were commissioned into the British Army as a lieutenant on 5 September 1914. After the end of the war, in 1919, they joined the staff of Westminster Hospital and the Royal Chest Hospital.
On 18 September 1939, with the outbreak of the Second World War, Stott re-joined the British Army, and was granted the substantive rank of lieutenant and the acting rank of colonel. They served as a consulting physician to the British Expeditionary Force from 1939 to 1940. They served in France until the Dunkirk evacuation, and then worked with the British Army and the Emergency Hospital Service in the Midlands. They were granted the local rank of brigadier on 1 March 1942 and the local rank of major general on 12 August 1942.
After the end of the war, they returned to Westminster Hospital as a consulting physician. They practised as a physician and taught medical students, in addition to acting as an administrator of the hospital in the run up to the creation of the National Health Service and during its early years. They retired in 1950, and that year became chairperson of the British Cardiac Society.
In November 1948, King George VI appointed them an Extra Physician to the Household. With the succession of Elizabeth II to the throne in 1952, they were re-appointed to the role in their Household.
After a long illness, Stott died on 15 June 1958 at their home near Guildford, Surrey, England; they were 72 year old.
Personal life
In 1911, Stott married Emily "Lily" Holland. Together they had two daughters and one son, the evangelist John Stott (1921–2011).
Honours
For their service in the First World War, they were awarded the 1914–15 Star, the British War Medal and the Victory Medal. In the 1946 New Year Honours, they were appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE).
References
External links
Generals of World War II
1885 births
1958 deaths
British cardiologists
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Royal Army Medical Corps officers
British Army personnel of World War I
British Army generals of World War II
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Military personnel from Lancashire
Kelly Schumacher (born October 14, 1977) is an American-born Canadian professional basketball player and professional volleyball player. They had been playing in the WNBA for the Detroit Shock, until their release 18 June 2009.
After their junior season at the University of Connecticut, they competed with USA Basketball as a member of the gold medal-winning Jones Cup Team that compiled a 4-0 record in Taipei. In their professional career they play in Spanish League in Arranz Burgos, Perfumerías Avenida and now in UB F.C.Barcelona.  They are currently playing professional beach volleyball on the AVP Tour.
Awards and achievements
They have appeared in more games (159) than any player in Fever history.
Fever's starting power forward in first 14 games of 2005.
Second all-time in career blocked shots for the Fever.
Played a career-high 39 minutes during an overtime game played at Radio City Music Hall in New York, September 16, 2004.
Pro career highs of 22 points and nine rebounds in an 81-57 win over San Antonio, July 23, 2003.
Finished their career at Connecticut ranked third all-time in career blocked shots with 181.
Set NCAA Women's Final Four record with nine blocked shots as Connecticut defeated Tennessee for the 2000 national championship.
Played a career-high 39 minutes during an overtime game played at Radio City Music Hall in New York, September 16, 2004.
 They are the Indiana Fever's career leader in blocked shots
They have appeared in more games than any other player in Indiana Fever history
They recorded 717 points during their collegiate career at the University of Connecticut
They have been voted MVP in basketball, volleyball and soccer
They were a member of gold medal-winning 2000 USA Jones Cup team
They were a member of the CCAA national championship team 1996, 1997
 They are ranked sixteenth in the WNBA, with 0.8 blocks per game
They had won the Spanish female league and the cup of queen with "Perfumerias Avenida de Salamanca" [2005-2006]
On February 23, 2006, they were traded to the New York Liberty
Before the 2007 season, they were traded again to the Phoenix Mercury
Biography
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio but raised in Canada They were a communications science major at the University of Connecticut. They play the violin and lists their favorite on-court moment as winning the 2000 NCAA National Championship. Them nickname is 'Schuey' or 'schu'.
At age 23, Schumacher was selected by the Indiana Fever in the first round (14th overall) of the WNBA draft on April 20, 2001.
USA Basketball
Schumacher was named to the team representing the USA in 2000 at the William Jones Cup competition in Taipei, Taiwan. The USA team started strong with a 32 point win over the host team, the Republic of China National Team. They then beat South Korea easily and faced Japan in the third game. Japan started out strongly, and had an 18 point lead in the first half. The USA then out scored Japan 23–3 to take a small lead at the half. The USA built a ten point lead, but Japan cut it back to three with under a minute to go. Kelly Schumacher grabbed an offensive rebound and scored to bring the lead back to five points and the team held on for the win. Schumacher had 24 points to help the USA team beat Japan 83–80. The final game was against Malaysia, but it wasn't close, with the USA winning 79–24, to secure a 4–0 record for the competition and the gold medal. Schumacher tied Camille Cooper for the team rebounding lead with 7.3 rebounds per game.
Professional career
After playing professional volleyball, Schumacher is returning to basketball, signing with the Spanish professional team Rivas Ecópolis
University of Connecticut Statistics
Notes
External links
New York Liberty press release on obtaining Schumacher
Kelly in Perfumerias Avenida de Salamanca
Shock signs Schumacher
1977 births
Living people
American women's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Ohio
Basketball players from Cincinnati
Centers (basketball)
Detroit Shock players
Indiana Fever draft picks
Indiana Fever players
Las Vegas Aces coaches
New York Liberty coaches
New York Liberty players
Phoenix Mercury players
UConn Huskies women's basketball players
American women's volleyball players
Volleyball players from Ohio
The grass moth genus Stenia is probably a junior synonym of Dolicharthria; see there.Stenia is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae). It was established by John Lindley in 1837. These epiphytic plants occur in warm, humid habitats of Trinidad and the Amazonian slope of the northern Andean region in South America.
This genus as a rule lacks pseudobulbs and consequently produces tufted fan-like growths of fairly erect narrow, short leaves, and conforms to the sympodial method of growth.Stenia plants produce a short, creeping or erect, single-flowered inflorescences, growing laterally. The flowers are medium-sized, with equal petals and sepals. All members of this genus have their flowers dominated by the large, shoe-like, concave labellum (lip) with a disc-like, toothed crest. The flowers have four elongate pollinia, with the upper pollinia long and narrow. They occur at any time of the year, though slightly more concentrated during summer in cultivation.
Species
Though this genus has been known to science since the early 19th century, most species were not discovered until the late 20th century.
Stenia angustilabia D.E.Benn. & Christenson (Peru)
Stenia aurorae D.E.Benn. & Christenson (Peru)
Stenia bismarckii Dodson & D.E.Benn. ( S. Ecuador to Peru)
Stenia calceolaris (Garay) Dodson & D.E.Benn. (Ecuador to N. Peru)
Stenia christensonii D.E.Benn. (Peru)
Stenia falcata (Ackerman) Dressler
Stenia glatzii Neudecker & G.Gerlach (Ecuador)
Stenia guttata Rchb.f. (Peru)
Stenia jarae D.E.Benn. (Peru)
Stenia lillianae Jenny ex D.E.Benn. & Christenson (Peru)
Stenia luerorum D.E.Benn. & Christenson (Peru)
Stenia nataliana R.Vásquez & Nowicki & R.Müll. (Bolivia)
Stenia pallida Lindl. (Trinidad, Guyana, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru)
Stenia pastorellii D.E.Benn. (Peru)
Stenia pustulosa D.E.Benn. & Christenson (Peru)
Stenia saccata Garay (Ecuador)
Stenia stenioides (Garay) Dodson & R.Escobar (Ecuador)
Stenia uribei P.Ortiz (Colombia)
Stenia vasquezii Dodson (Bolivia)
Stenia wendiae D.E.Benn. & Christenson (Peru)
References
(2005): Handbuch der Orchideen-Namen. Dictionary of Orchid Names. Dizionario dei nomi delle orchidee. Ulmer, Stuttgart
(1999): Genera Orchidacearum 1. Oxford Univ. Press.
(2001): Genera Orchidacearum 2. Oxford Univ. Press.
(2003): Genera Orchidacearum 3. Oxford Univ. Press.
(2004): Systematic and comparative anatomy of Maxillarieae (Orchidaceae), sans Oncidiinae. Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society 144(3): 251–274.
(2005): Generic relationships of Zygopetalinae (Orchidaceae: Cymbidieae): combined molecular evidence. Lankesteriana'' 5(2).
Zygopetalinae genera
Zygopetalinae
Epiphytic orchids
Gays River is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality and Colchester County in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. The community is located along the River, from which the community derives its name.
References
External links
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Communities in Colchester County
Mining communities in Nova Scotia
Perry A. Stambaugh (born March 8, 1960) is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 86. They first took office following the 2020 Pennsylvania House of Representatives election.
Stambaugh graduated from Penn State University and operates a family farm in Green Park, Pennsylvania, Perry County. A lifetime member of the National Rifle Association, they support measures that will greatly increase rural residents' access to high-speed Internet service as well as state constitutional reforms, such as electing state appellate judges on a district (not statewide) basis and eliminating property taxes to fund schools. They also back state legislative and congressional term limits.
Career
Before running for the state House, Stambaugh spent most of their nearly 40-year professional career as a rural and agricultural magazine editor on local, statewide, and national levels—notably with the former Pennsylvania Farmer magazine (now American Agriculturist); Penn Lines magazine, published by the Pennsylvania Rural Electric Association; and RE Magazine, produced by the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.
Stambaugh currently sits on the Children & Youth, Commerce, Environmental Resources & Energy, and Local Government committees.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania Republicans
People from Perry County, Pennsylvania
People from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania State University alumni
21st-century American politicians
Xmas is an abbreviation for Christmas
Xmas or variant, may also refer to:
Christmas, a Christian holiday
X MAS, the Decima Flottiglia MAS, a frogman unit of the Italian military
Xmas ("eks-mas"), a fictional holiday from Futurama shown in "The Futurama Holiday Spectacular"
Xmas (film), a 2015 film
X-Mas (EP), a 2014 record by Stevie Ann
X-Mas: The Metal Way, a 1994 record by Paul Di'Anno
"X-Mas 1", an episode of Pucca
"X-Mas 2", an episode of Pucca
See also
X-Mass Festival, a European music festival
"Xmas Story", a 1999 season 2 episode 4 of Futurama
"Xmas Day" (song), a 2001 song by 'Sevendust' off the album Animosity
ZE Xmas Record, the CD version of the 1981 LP A Christmas Record
The Xmas EP, a 2013 record by Never Shout
"This X-Mas", a 2017 song by Chris Brown from Heartbreak on a Full Moon
Christmas (disambiguation)
XMA (disambiguation)
mas (disambiguation)
Cleveland High School (CHS) is a public high school in the Cleveland City Schools system located in Cleveland, Tennessee. The school was founded in 1967 and serves 1,662 students in grades 9 to 12. The school's mascot is the Blue Raider, and its school colors are blue, white, and red. The principal is Autumn O'Bryan. The school maintains a rivalry with the crosstown Bradley Central High School, as with their other crosstown rival Walker Valley High School.
History
Cleveland High School is located on the site of the home of Jesse Bushyhead (1804-1844), a Cherokee religious and political leader.
In the late 1950s, a group of Cleveland citizens began working for a city high school. The first step was taken when a ninth grade was added to Arnold Junior High, now an elementary school. On May 12, 1965 voters passed a referendum that allowed for the issuing of $2 million in bonds for construction of the new high school. The new school was completed in 1966, and in September of that year a historic walk took place from Arnold to the new high school to start the first year of school at CHS. Every year during homecoming week, a parade is held on Raider Drive to commemorate the anniversary of this historic walk. Former principals include James Traylor, Jim Sharp, T.C. Henley, Charles Carrick, Maxine Hughes, Doug Greene, Ken Willey, and Chuck Rockholt.
In 1971 Cleveland Junior High, which later became Cleveland Middle School, opened in a building adjacent to the high school at a cost of $2.1 million. A new building was added on to the school to add extra career prep courses in 1980. A renovation of the football field area took place in 1987. A new metal structure for the home stands was constructed on the opposite side of the field and a field house was built.
The Jones Wrestling Center was built in 2001 after Check Into Cash founder and class of 1972 alumni Allan Jones donated $1.5 million for its construction. Jones wrestled while at CHS. Also that year Cleveland Middle School moved to a new location, and the middle school building was adjoined to the original high school building, becoming the west wing of the high school and adding a "commons area" in between the two buildings in an $8.7 million project.
A new $8 million science wing was built in 2011. The wing is named the Max R. Carroll Science Wing in honor of a member of the Cleveland Board of Education who donated money for the project. The state provided funding for the expansion as well. This project had been proposed since 2005.
In December 2013, the Raider Dome, which was used as the school's main gymnasium was closed due to faults in the structure. The dome had always had structural problems since it was built in 1966. In May 2014, the school board voted to award a $319 thousand contract to demolish the dome. The dome was demolished the following month. A new $11 million gymnasium, dubbed the "Raider Arena," opened in April 2016.
In 2017 the school installed artificial turf on the football field.
Academics
Cleveland offers 11 advanced placement (AP) courses and 5 dual enrollment courses.
Cleveland also offers Early Admissions courses, which can be taken at Cleveland State or Lee University.
Cleveland offers three foreign languages: Spanish, German, and French. English as a second language is also offered to non-native English speakers.
Cleveland offers career and technical education for a variety of fields, including digital media, engineering, healthcare, business/marketing, criminal justice, automotive, culinary arts, and cosmetology.
The school has expanded its AP program over the last five years, adding new classes and preparing students for the exams, with a goal of increasing the number of students scoring 4s and 5s. As a result, the class of 2016 had the school's first AP Scholars since 2003, and the first AP Scholars with Honor and AP Scholars with Distinction in the school's history.
In 2016, CHS was named to the 7th annual AP Honor Roll.
CHS Live
CHS Live or CHSLive is the school's digital media/broadcasting program, begun in the late 2000s. Students in this program record and broadcast major events and a daily news show for students at the school through the National Federation of State High School Associations (NFHS) network. The program was awarded the NFHS Network's Best Overall School Broadcast Program at the NFHS convention in 2015, and the "Best Daily Newscast in the Nation" by the Student Television Network (STN) in 2016 and 2017, breaking an eight-year streak of Carlsbad High School in California.
Athletics
Cleveland's teams are known as the Blue Raiders. The school's main rival is Bradley Central High School, as well as Walker Valley High School. Cleveland competes in the Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association (TSSAA) and its varsity sports are:
Baseball
Basketball
Boys state champs - 1997
Cheerleading
Cross Country
State champs - 1994
Football
State champs - 1968, 1993, 1994, 1995
Second longest winning streak in state - 54 straight games from Sept. 1993 to Nov. 1996.
Golf
Softball
Soccer
Swimming
Tennis
Girls state champs - 1999
Track and Field
Boys state champs - 1970, 1971, 1976, 1977, 1982, 1992, 1994, 1995, 2017
Boys team champs - 1977, 1992
Girls state champs - 2011
Volleyball
State champs - 2016, 2017
Wrestling
Individual State champs- 1968, 1976, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1993, 1994, 1995, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2017, 2018, 2019
Team Traditional State champs- 1980, 1994, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2018, 2019
Team Dual State champs - 1992, 1993, 1994, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2018, 2019
Demographics
As of the 2016-17 school year, 64.22% of students were non-Hispanic white, 16.28% Hispanic or Latino (of all races), 14.82% Black or African American, 2.85% Asian, 1.14% from two or more races, 0.44% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, and 0.25% Native American or Alaska Native. 54.08% of students were male and 45.92% were female.
Notable alumni
Alan J. Lacy, 1971, business person.
Allan Jones, 1972, business person.
Darnell Mee, 1989, NBA player.
Chad Voytik, 2012, quarterback for the Pittsburgh Panthers.
Vincent Yarbrough, 1998, NBA player.
Brian Green, 1980, stage actor
Travis Beacham, 1999, screenwriter
References
External links
Official website
Public high schools in Tennessee
Cleveland City Schools
1966 establishments in Tennessee
Educational institutions established in 1966
Ilıcaköy, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Kuhnert Arboretum is a arboretum and nature area located at the corner of Melgaard Road and Dakota Street South, Aberdeen, South Dakota. The arboretum contains deciduous, coniferous, and ornamental trees, as well as large shrubs. The Arboretum is also home to a 9-hole disc golf course of easy difficulty level. The course is lined by two roads, Moccasin Creek, and an open field.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
External links
Arboreta in South Dakota
Botanical gardens in South Dakota
Protected areas of Brown County, South Dakota
Aberdeen, South Dakota
Disc golf courses in South Dakota
Claude Aveline, pen name of Evgen Avtsine (19 July 1901 – 4 November 1992), was a writer, publisher, editor, poet and member of the French Resistance. Aveline, who was born in Paris, France, has authored numerous books and writings throughout their writing career. They were known as a versatile author, writing novels, poems, screenplays, plays, articles, sayings, and more.
Biography
They were born to Jewish parents who had fled the racial segregation they were subjected to in Russia, moved to France in 1891 and became French citizens in 1905. Avtsine studied at the prestigious Lycée Henri-IV in Paris and then in a school in Versailles to which their parents moved. In 1915, they volunteered as a medic in the First World War, then went to college in Paris, but their health deteriorated and they had to stop their studies. In 1918 - 1919 they lived near the city of Cannes in southeast France, where they began writing under the pen name Claude Aveline.
Career
In 1919, their poems were published in magazines, and they were introduced to writer Anatole France, becoming their protégé and close friend. In 1920, they returned to Paris, worked as an editor of an art journal, and accepted a request to write a book about Buddha, called "La merveilleuse légende de siddhartha gautama bouddha". In 1922, aged 21, they founded their own publishing house under the name "Chez Claude Aveline éditeur" and was subsequently called "the youngest publisher in France". and even "in the world".
After another health incident in 1923, Aveline stayed four years in a health clinic in Font-Romeu, where they met and befriended a young patient, Jean Vigo, eventually becoming a film director. Aveline would later act both as the executor of the filmmaker's estate, and as the legal guardian of Vigo's daughter after their wife's death; in 1951 Aveline founded the Prix Jean Vigo given to young film directors. They were president of the jury board for twenty-five years.
In 1932 they published the detective novel "La Double Mort de Frédéric Belot", which was a public success, and in 1936, the novel "Le Prisonnier". Le Prisonnier has been cited by Albert Camus as an influence and inspiration for their successful novel, L'Étranger. Favoring the left side of the political spectrum, they contributed to the writing of numerous communist and anti-fascist journals and publications, such as Commune and Vendredi.
During the Nazi occupation in World War II Claude Aveline joined the French Resistance. In 1952 they won the Grand Prix of the Société des gens de lettres and the Prix Italia in 1955 for their creative work in radio dramas. In 1956, Aveline asked their many artist friends to artistically illustrate, i.e. draw or paint the Portrait de l'Oiseau-Qui-N'Existe-Pas (Portrait of the bird that doesn't exist), a poem they wrote in 1950, which was subsequently translated into 55 languages. An anthology was made out of 108 portraits by artists of various backgrounds and styles such as Henri-Georges Adam, Atlan, Bertholle, Bissiere, Prassinos, Music, Singier, Vieira da Silva and Jacques Villon. In 1963 Aveline donated it to the Musée National d'Art Moderne in Paris where it was exposed.
Their bust, made in 1967 by Ossip Zadkine, was the last sculpture created by Zadkine before their death. Aveline wrote «Je suis le dernier Zadkine» (I am the last Zadkine) in French newspaper Le Figaro, in homage to the artist.
In 1974 they began writing memoirs. They died in 1992 in Paris.
References
1901 births
1992 deaths
Writers from Paris
20th-century French male writers
20th-century French poets
French Resistance members
French crime fiction writers
20th-century French Jews
Jews in the French resistance
Lycée Henri-IV alumni
20th-century French novelists
French male poets
French male novelists
Prix Italia winners
Luca Antonelli (; born 11 February 1987) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Miami FC in the USL Championship.
Early life
Antonelli was born in Monza.  They are the son of Roberto Antonelli, a former footballer who played for Milan from 1977 until 1982 as a striker.
Club career
After spending a few seasons in the A.C. Milan youth teams, Antonelli made their first team debut in a Coppa Italia game against Brescia on 8 November 2006. On 23 December, they made also their Serie A debut, in a match against Udinese.
In the summer of 2007 Antonelli was loaned out to Serie B club Bari, but they impressed so much that during the January transfer window Parma secured them on loan from Milan for the rest of the Serie A season. They made their first appearance for the Gialloblu against Livorno on 16 March 2008.
Parma
In June 2008, Parma had acquired half of the contractual rights from Milan, for €750,000. While the following summer, they were fully transferred for another €2.5 million, which Milan made a financial income of €1.75 million as the value of the retained half had increased from €0.75 million to €2.5 million.
Genoa
In January 2011, Antonelli was transferred to Genoa for €7 million. Genoa also signed Alberto Paloschi for €4.35 million and sold Raffaele Palladino (€3 million) and Francesco Modesto (€2.5 million) to Parma. The club soon sold Domenico Criscito as Antonelli had succeeded Criscito as full back.
Return to A.C. Milan
In February 2015, Antonelli moved back to their debut club Milan, for a fee of €4.5 million signing a three-and-a-half-year contract.
On their debut for their return to Milan on 7 February 2015, Antonelli scored a goal from a corner kick off a header to tie the match with Juventus at 1–1, which did not prove decisive, as Milan eventually lost the match 3–1.
Empoli
On 11 August 2018, Antonelli transferred to Empoli. On 5 October 2020, their contract with Empoli was terminated by mutual consent.
Miami FC
On 17 February 2021, Antonelli was signed by USL Championship side Miami FC.
International career
Antonelli made their senior international debut with the Italian national team on 3 September 2010 against Estonia in Tallinn.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Milan
UEFA Champions League: 2006–07
Supercoppa Italiana: 2016
References
External links
AIC Profile
FIGC Profile
Living people
1987 births
Sportspeople from Monza
Association football defenders
Italian footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Italy international footballers
A.C. Milan players
S.S.C. Bari players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Empoli F.C. players
Miami FC players
Serie A players
Serie B players
USL Championship players
Footballers from Lombardy
The Manxman (also known as The Manx-Man) is a 1916 British silent drama film directed by George Loane Tucker and starring Elisabeth Risdon, Henry Ainley and Fred Groves. It is based on the 1894 novel of the same name by Hall Caine. A second silent adaptation, directed by Alfred Hitchcock, was released in 1929.
Upon its release in England in December 1916, The Manxman was a financial and critical success. It was one of relatively few British films to also become a hit in the United States. No copies of the film are known to exist, and The Manxman nitrate was destroyed by a fire in the 1965 MGM vault fire.
Cast
Elisabeth Risdon - Kate Gregeen
Henry Ainley - Philip Christian
Fred Groves - Pete Quillian
Adeline Hayden Coffin - Governor's wife
Will Corrie - Fisherman
John Marlborough East - Casar Cregeen
Kenelm Foss - Ross Christian
Lewis Gilbert - Black Tom
Minna Grey - Mona
Gwynne Herbert - Aunt Nan
Philip Hewland - Governor
Mary Merrall - Tom's girl
John Milton - Quiggan
Guy Newall - Secretary
Edward O'Neill - Iron Christian
Frank Stanmore - Kelley
Hubert Willis - Clerk
Bert Wynne - Peter Christian
Production notes
Produced by the London Film Company, The Manxman was filmed on location on the Isle of Man.
References
External links
1916 films
1916 drama films
British drama films
British silent feature films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by George Loane Tucker
Films set in the British Empire
Films set on the Isle of Man
Films shot in the Isle of Man
Goldwyn Pictures films
Lost British films
British black-and-white films
1916 lost films
Lost drama films
1917 drama films
1917 films
1910s American films
1910s British films
The following is a list for the MTV Movie & TV Award winners for Best Scared-As-Shit Performance. The award was first given out in 2005, and then in 2006. In 2010 this award was renamed from Best Frightened Performance and renamed to Most Frightened Performance in 2022. The award was not presented in 2012. In 2013, it was given back its original name, Best Scared-As-Shit Performance. As of 2016, there have been seven winners of the award with five women and two men. Actresses Dakota Fanning, Jessica Chastain and Victoria Pedretti hold the distinction of the only people to hold more than one nomination in the category, with Fanning winning the inaugural award in 2005 and Pedretti winning in 2021. The award returned in 2018 under the title Best Frightened Performance.
Winners and nominees
References
MTV Movie & TV Awards
Karolik is a given name and surname. As a given name, it is an alternate form of Charles. Notable people with the surname include:
Dzyanis Karolik (born 1979), Belarusian footballer
Martha Codman Karolik (1858–1948), American philanthropist and art collector
Maxim Karolik (1893–1963), American opera singer
See also
Lyudmila Korolik (born 1975), Belarusian cross-country skier
Notes
The Berwyn range (Welsh: Y Berwyn or Mynydd y Berwyn) is an isolated and sparsely populated area of moorland in the northeast of Wales, roughly bounded by Llangollen in the northeast, Corwen in the northwest, Bala in the southwest, and Oswestry in the southeast.
Description
The area is wild and largely vegetated by heather about one metre thick, with some acidic grassland and bracken. It is not very popular for hill-walking or scrambling since the peaks are lower than those in nearby Snowdonia. However, the topmost peaks are rugged and have a distinctive character. Nearby towns include Llangollen and Corwen, which are popular tourist destinations.
The main summits are Cadair Berwyn at above sea level, Moel Sych at and Cadair Bronwen at above sea level.
The Berwyn range is crossed to the southwest by the B4391 Milltir Cerrig mountain pass at an elevation of .
Cadair Berwyn is the highest point in the Berwyn range, and the highest point in Wales outside the National Parks. Cadair Bronwen and Foel Cedig to the west are the two Marilyns that form the Berwyn range.
The mountain lies on main ridge of the Berwyn range which runs north–south. The eastern side of the ridge is characterised by steep drops and crags including Craig Berwyn north of the summit and Craig y Llyn to the south. Craig y Llyn forms the headwall of a cwm, and it is to this that the word cadair (chair in Welsh) presumably refers. Further north along the ridge is Cadair Bronwen, whilst to south the ridge continues to Moel Sych (Welsh pronunciation: [ˈmɔil ˈsɨːx], meaning "dry hill").
It is often reported that Moel Sych, along the ridge, is of equal height, but Cadair Berwyn's spot height on the Ordnance Survey maps, where the trig point stands, is not the true summit. Cadair Berwyn's summit, south of the trig point, is three metres taller than Moel Sych. This summit is listed as Cadair Berwyn New Top on the Nuttall list.
Several other summits in the area are listed as Hewitts or Nuttalls, including Foel Wen ([ˈvɔil ˈwɛn], Welsh for white hill) and Mynydd Tarw ([ˈmɐnɨð ˈtæɾu], bull mountain).
The summit lies on the border between Powys and Denbighshire, and is the highest point in Denbighshire. The northern end of Craig Berwyn is the highest point in Wrexham County Borough.
History
There is a standing stone at SJ080337 near the summit between Cadair Berwyn and Tomle. It was re-erected in June 2008 by High Sports.
The Berwyn range also played its part in causing King Henry II of England to turn back during their invasion of Gwynedd in 1165. Rather than taking the usual route along the northern coastal plain, their army invaded from Oswestry and took a route over the Berwyns. The English invasion faced an alliance of Welsh princes led by King Owain Gwynedd, but there was little fighting – endless days of heavy rain forced the English to retreat.
Supposed UFO crash
At 8.38 pm on 23 January 1974, an earthquake of magnitude 3.5 was felt over a wide area of north Wales and as far as Liverpool. Since earthquakes are uncommon in the UK, it was not generally recognized for what it was, and since a number of unusual lights in the sky had been observed the same evening, it was considered possible that an aircraft had crashed, or a meteorite had impacted. Further confusion was caused by lights seen on the Berwyn Mountains, which subsequently turned out to have belonged to poachers.
Ecology
The area supports substantial populations of upland birds including raptors, such as the hen harrier (Circus cyaneus), merlin (Falco columbarius), and peregrine (Falco peregrinus) (about 14–18 breeding pairs of each species, 1%–2% of the total British population), and for this reason it is a Special Protection Area classified in accordance with the European Union's Birds Directive. Much of the area is also designated a national nature reserve and a Site of Special Scientific Interest and forms part of the Berwyn and South Clwyd Mountains Special Area of Conservation. Other wildlife include short-eared owl, raven, buzzard, polecat and golden plover.
Etymology
The scholar T. Gwynn Jones suggested that a possible origin of the term "Berwyn" was "Bryn(iau) Gwyn (ap Nudd)", where the Middle Welsh word "bre" (hill) had mutated to Ber + Gwyn, Gwyn ap Nudd being the mythological King of the Tylwyth Teg (Fair Folk, or fairies). A more likely etymology is "bar" (summit, crest) + "gwyn" (white), with the "a" in "bar" showing i-affection as a result of the "y" in "gwyn", therefore changing from "a" to "e"; the word also shows soft mutation of the letter "g" (which is deleted under soft mutation).
Peaks
References
Landforms of Denbighshire
Landforms of Wrexham County Borough
Landforms of Powys
Landforms of Gwynedd
Mountain ranges of Wales
National nature reserves in Wales
Special Protection Areas in Wales
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Clwyd
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in East Gwynedd
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Montgomery
Paranormal places in the United Kingdom
Dipturus oxyrinchus, commonly known as the longnose skate, is a species of skate in the family Rajidae. It is up to m in length. The species is found in eastern Atlantic Ocean.
References
Fish described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Sir James Barr FRCP FRSE CBE DL LLD (25 September 1849 – 16 November 1938) was an Ulster-born physician, who rose to be President of the British Medical Association and is noted for their work on the medical care of prisoners.
Life
They were born in Cumber, County Tyrone, Ireland, the son of Samuel Barr J.P. They were schooled in Derry.
They then came to Scotland to study medicine at Glasgow University, graduating in 1873.
They received house appointments in Glasgow Royal Infirmary and then the Northern Hospital, Liverpool, settling in Everton at that time.
Working at Kirkdale Gaol in Liverpool as a Medical Officer they developed a strong interest in the care of prisoners, leading them to be sent to Ireland by the British Government in 1885 during a period of unrest. Their promotion of the medical examination of political prisoners in Ireland sparked controversy.
They gave evidence to the Capital Sentences Committee (sitting 1886-1888) and in 1891 was involved in the training of the first three hangmen who were put on the list of persons competent to perform executions.
They were knighted in 1905, a Knight of the Grace of the Order of St John of Jerusalem, and appointed a CBE in 1920.
In 1907 they gave the Bradshaw Lecture. In 1912 they were elected President of the British Medical Association.
Sir James was an enthusiastic supporter of eugenics. In their Presidential Address to the British Medical Association in 1912, they argued that "The race must be renewed from the mentally and physically fit, the moral and physical degenerates should not be allowed to take any part in adding to the race." In a 1918 speech, Barr said that tuberculosis "forms a rough, but on the whole very serviceable check, on the survival and propagation of the unfit" before concluding: "...if to-morrow the tubercle bacillus were non-existent, it would be nothing short of a national calamity. We are not yet ready for its disappearance."
They were Vice President of the Society of Constructive Birth Control and Racial Progress and a strong supporter of its founder Marie Stopes.
They retired to London in 1926 and died at Putney Heath.
Publications
Judicial Hanging (1884)
Post Sacrlatinal Nephritis (1887)
Pleural Effusion and its Treatment (1907)
Family
They married Isabelle Woolley in 1882. They had one son, Samuel Tudor Barr, and one daughter.
References
External links
1849 births
1938 deaths
People from County Tyrone
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Presidents of the British Medical Association
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
British eugenicists
19th-century Irish medical doctors
20th-century Irish medical doctors
Leggett & Platt (L&P), based in Carthage, Missouri, is an American diversified manufacturer that designs and produces various engineered components and products that can be found in homes and automobiles. The firm was founded in 1883, and consists of 15 business units, 20,000 employee-partners, and 135 manufacturing facilities located in 18 countries.
Leggett management
As of January 2022, senior corporate executives included:
J. Mitchell Dolloff, CEO and President
Steven K. Henderson, EVP and President, Specialized Products and Furniture, Flooring, & Textile Products Segments
Jeffrey L. Tate, EVP and CFO
Susan R. McCoy, SVP Investor Relations
Scott S. Douglas, SVP General Counsel and Secretary
Christina Ptasinski, SVP and CHRO
Tammy Trent, SVP and CAO
Board of directors
Company history
In 1883 in Carthage, Missouri, J.P. Leggett developed a new type of bedspring consisting of single cone spring wire coils, formed and interlaced, then mounted on a wood slat base. The bedspring could then be used as a base for the then-popular cotton, feather, or horsehair mattresses. Needing expertise in manufacturing and production, they recruited their soon-to-be brother-in-law, C.B. Platt, whose father owned and operated Platt Plow Works, into the partnership. Together, they produced the components of their Leggett & Platt bedspring, which was patented in 1885.
The Carthage market for their new product was very limited. To expand the market to a wider region, Platt and George Leggett, brother of J. P. Leggett, would load a horse-drawn wagon with bedsprings and travel to surrounding communities. Often, to conserve space, they would load the springs and slats separately into the wagon and assemble them in a store or on an adjacent sidewalk. The partnership prospered, and the business was incorporated in 1901.
The company built its first factory and offices in Carthage in 1890. The workforce at that time consisted of the two partners and five employees. Soon after completion of the Carthage plant, a second factory was built in Louisville, Kentucky. During the next 50 years, three more factories were built. Demand for the company's improved bedsprings was rising, and a second plant was built in Carthage in 1925. The new, much larger plant was located next to a railroad to allow for expanded shipments of products and supplies. In 1942, an additional factory was built in Winchester, Kentucky, which was subsequently consolidated with the Louisville plant. For some time, Texas had proven to be a main market outlet, and in 1947, a major factory was built in Ennis, Texas. By 1947, Leggett & Platt consisted of 4 plants and 500 employees.
Although available in various models and continuously improved upon, bedsprings were practically the only product Leggett & Platt offered until 1933. However, in that year the company began to manufacture springs for innerspring mattresses, which were relatively new products in the industry and growing in popularity. Thereafter, the company slowly began to diversify its products within the bedding industry by producing rollaway beds and folding metal cots, along with bed frames and bed rails.
In 1960, Harry M. Cornell Jr., J.P. Leggett's grandson, was elected President and CEO of the company, taking over for their father (who was Leggett's son-in-law). The company's total sales in 1960 were approximately $7 million from three states: Kentucky, Texas, and Missouri. Determining the course and future of the company became management's primary objective. Following an extensive evaluation of the company and its potential, Cornell and their management partners concluded that Leggett & Platt's best opportunities for profitable growth lay in a strategy of specializing in manufacturing, marketing, and distributing a broad and growing line of components and related products, first nationally and eventually on a worldwide basis. Key drivers of future sales and earnings would include aggressive internal growth initiatives, coupled with an active and ongoing acquisition program.
Even greater success followed, and Leggett & Platt became known as “the components people.” Leggett & Platt stock was first traded over the counter in 1967. Twelve years later, on June 25, 1979, top management was present in New York City to witness the stock's first day listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In 1999, the company became part of the S&P 500 Index.
Today, Leggett & Platt has 135 manufacturing facilities in 18 countries.
Timeline
1883: Joseph P. Leggett develops and patents the first successful spiral steel coil bedspring, then forms a business partnership with Cornelius B. Platt, a blacksmith who operates the C.D. Platt Plow Works plant in Carthage, Missouri.
1885: Leggett receives a patent for improvements on the coiled bedspring. J.P. Leggett and C.B. Platt begin manufacturing coiled bedsprings at the Platt Plow Works plant.
1890: The first factory and offices are built in Carthage, MO. The workforce consists of the 2 partners and 5 employees. Harry Platt, a brother of C.B. Platt, opens a franchise factory in Louisville, Kentucky.
1901: The partnership of J.P. Leggett and C.B. Platt is incorporated under the name “Leggett & Platt Spring Bed & Manufacturing Company.”
1933: Leggett & Platt begins to manufacture innerspring units at its Carthage plant.
1942: Leggett & Platt survives World War II by working on defense contracts.
1960: Harry M. Cornell, Jr., (grandson of J.P. Leggett) becomes president and CEO; they begin implementing a new corporate strategy to broaden the line of component products for the bedding and furniture industries, expand geographically, and offer compatible products directly to furniture stores.
1967: Leggett & Platt's IPO (initial public offering) of 50,000 shares of stock (at $10 per share) and $1 million of convertible subordinated debentures occurs; the stock is listed over the counter.
1971: Leggett & Platt stock is listed on the NASDAQ, and the company achieves more than $1 million in net earnings.
1976: Leggett & Platt exceeds the $100 million sales for the first time.
1977: Construction begins on a new corporate headquarters outside Carthage.
1979: Leggett & Platt is listed on the NYSE (New York Stock Exchange), stock symbol "LEG."
1983: Leggett celebrates 100 years of operation.
1990: Revenues exceed $1 billion for the first time.
1999: Leggett is included in the S&P 500 Index.
2007: New strategic direction announced in November.
2016: Reset to strategic direction announced in September.
2019: Acquired Elite Comfort Solutions for $1.25 billion, the largest acquisition to date, adding specialty foam and private label finished mattress capabilities and expanding its position in the bedding market.
2021: Increased annual dividend for the 50th consecutive year. Became part of the S&P MidCap 400 in December.
Executive leadership: past & present
LEG stock
1967 - Leggett & Platt IPO of 50,000 shares of stock at a price of $10 per share; the stock is traded over the counter
1971 - Leggett's stock is listed on the NASDAQ
1979 - Leggett is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, trading under symbol "LEG"
History of Stock Splits:
May 13, 1969: 5-for-3
Jan. 15, 1973: 3-for-2
Sept. 29, 1978: 3-for-2
Aug. 26, 1983: 2-for-1
Mar. 14, 1986: 3-for-2
Jun. 15, 1992: 2-for-1
Sept. 15, 1995: 2-for-1
Jun. 15, 1998: 2-for-1
References
External links
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Manufacturing companies based in Missouri
1883 establishments in Missouri
1960s initial public offerings
Sujinho is a latin jazz collaboration album between Otis Jackson Jr., an American hip hop producer and MC known as Madlib, and Ivan Conti, drummer for the Brazilian funk band Azymuth. This album features Brazilian samba music and Latin Jazz, one of Madlib's interests (he had covered Azymuth's "Papa" on Yesterdays New Quintet's Angles Without Edges in 2001.) Sujinho has been released twice, once in the Netherlands on Kindred Spirits in 2x vinyl and in the US on Mochilla Records in CD format.
Track listing
Vinyl 1
Side A
"Mamaoism" - 00:32
"Berumba" (Luiz Eça & Bebeto) - 03:47
"Anna de Amsterdam (Interlude)" - 00:18
"Praca da Republica" - 04:02
"Papaia" (Alex Malheiros) - 10:03
Side B
"Brazilian Sugar" - 06:27
"São Paulo Nights" - 04:21
"Xibaba" (Airto Moreira)- 04:51
"Upa Neguinho"(Edu Lobo / Gianfrancesco Guarnieri) - 04:14
Vinyl 2
Side C
"Casa Forte"(Edu Lobo) - 03:51
"Amazon Stroll" - 04:30
"Berimbau"(Baden Powell / Vinicius de Moraes) - 05:15
"Anna de Amsterdam (Reprise)" - 00:27
"Waiting On The Corner"(Humberto Teixeira & Sivuca) - 05:01
Side D
"Tijuca Man" - 02:38
"Nao Tem Nada Nao"(Marcos Valle) - 03:36
"Sunset At Sujinho" - 01:55
"Segura Esta Onda" - 07:01
2008 albums
Albums produced by Madlib
Tanasi () (also spelled Tanase, Tenasi, Tenassee, Tunissee, Tennessee, and other such variations) was a historic Overhill settlement site in present-day Monroe County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. The village became the namesake for the state of Tennessee. It was abandoned by the Cherokee in the 19th century for a rising town whose chief was more powerful. Tanasi served as the de facto capital of the Overhill Cherokee from as early as 1721 until 1730, when the capital shifted to Great Tellico.
The Cherokee town of Chota developed immediately north of and later than Tanasi. The two sites were divided by an unnamed stream. By the 1740s, Chota had become the more prominent of the two towns, holding the townhouse where the community met, and chiefs would meet with colonial emissaries. Although Chota and Tanasi had distinct political, social, and demographic traits, research excavators in the late 1960s determined that the two towns are archaeologically indistinguishable. They were among the numerous Overhill Towns, as called by English colonists, who traveled over the Appalachian Mountains from the east to reach them. The two towns are grouped as a single listing on the National Register of Historic Places, although Tanasi was given its own site designation (40MR62) in 1972.
Both sites were submerged by creation of Tellico Reservoir, after completion of a dam on the Little Tennessee River in 1979. Archeological surveys were conducted of these sites in the 1970s prior to their flooding, and thousands of artifacts were recovered.
In the 1980s, the Tennessee Valley Authority placed a monument on the shoreline above the submerged site of Tanasi that commemorates its history and its legacy as the origin of the name Tennessee. This monument is approximately southeast of Vonore, just off Highway 455 (Citico Road). The site is managed by the Eastern Band of the Cherokee Nation.
Geography
The Little Tennessee River flows northwestward from North Carolina from its source in the Appalachian Mountains in Georgia. It traverses a stretch of northern Monroe County before emptying into the Tennessee River near Lenoir City. In 1979, the construction of Tellico Dam at the mouth of the river created a reservoir that spans the lowest of the Little Tennessee and the lowest of its tributary, the Tellico River, flooding former important Cherokee town sites. Tanasi was located along the west bank of the Little Tennessee upstream from the river's mouth. The site was opposite a sharp bend in the river known as Bacon's Bend.
Tanasi was situated on a relatively flat terrace flanked by the river on one side and a series of high, steep hills on the other. These hills, noted on Timberlake's 1762 map, are part of the Appalachian Ridge-and-Valley Province, which spans much of the upper Tennessee Valley. The Appalachian Range proper rises a few miles south of the Chota-Tanasi site.
History
Tanasi first appears in the historical record in the early 18th century, at a time when the fur trade between the English and the Cherokee had grown to the extent that the colonists wanted to regulate it. Ethnologist James Mooney reported that the meaning of the town's name is unknown, but noted that it was used for other places among Cherokee lands in Tennessee and North Carolina. The Cherokee name for the river upon which Tanasi was situated was probably Callamaco. Early Euro-American explorers and traders renamed the river after Tanasi.
Among the earliest English traders to reside at Tanasi was Eleazar Wiggan— nicknamed "Old Rabbit" by the Cherokee— who operated out of Tanasi as early as 1711. They also served as a guide for later colonial diplomats and emissaries.
In 1725, the province of South Carolina dispatched Colonel George Chicken to Tanasi to obtain Cherokee assistance in the colony's struggles with the Creek. Chicken indicated in their journals that the chief of Tanasi— known as the Tanasi Warrior or Head Warrior of Tanasi— ruled over the Cherokee Overhill, Middle, and Valley towns in the region. (But this would have been unusual. The designation of Middle and Valley Towns generally referred to groups of towns on the eastern side of the Appalachians in Western North Carolina. Kituwa was chief among the Middle Towns. Not only was Cherokee society highly decentralized and the towns generally exercised considerable autonomy under their own chiefs, but travel between these territories was difficult in the mountainous region.) Chicken recorded a speech in which the Tanasi Warrior pledged support for the English. The two later engaged in a pipe-smoking session in which the Tanasi Warrior told Chicken of recent Creek hostilities in the area. Colonel John Herbert visited Tanasi on a similar mission in 1727 and reported meeting with the "King and Long Warriour" of Tanasi at the Cherokee townhouse.
In 1730, Sir Alexander Cuming, a trader claiming to be an emissary of King George II, journeyed to Tanasi and obtained the Tanasi Warrior's allegiance for England. As evidence of their success, Cuming sought an esteemed symbolic headdress known as the Crown of Tanasi— described as resembling a wig made of dyed possum hair— which they hoped to present to the king of England. To obtain this headdress, Cuming enlisted the aid of Moytoy, chief of Great Tellico. Cuming used their flamboyance to convince the Cherokee to crown Moytoy "Emperor of the Cherokee." In exchange, Moytoy obtained the headdress sought by Cuming. Cuming departed for England shortly thereafter, taking with them a party that included Eleazar Wiggan, future Cherokee leader Attakullakulla, and two Tanasi warriors named Clogoittah and Oukanaekah to present to the king.
The crowning of Moytoy in 1730 shifted the Cherokee center of power to Great Tellico, which was situated along the Tellico River roughly southwest of Tanasi. After the death of Moytoy in 1741, however, Old Hop, the chief of Chota, began to consolidate power. The influence of Chota soon overshadowed that of Tanasi, and by the early 1750s, Chota had become the more dominant town. In 1765, Henry Timberlake, who had visited the Overhill towns as an emissary in 1761–1762, reported 12 dwellings and 21 warriors at Tanasi, and identified Old Hop as chief of both Chota and Tanasi. In 1775, the Tanasi Warrior was among the chiefs who signed a treaty with the Watauga Association of Carolina colonists, who wanted to create an independent jurisdiction west of the mountains, in what became Tennessee.
Tanasi's relationship with Chota
Tanasi's relationship with Chota has long puzzled historians and archaeologists. Some have speculated that the two towns were a single community with two districts and two governments, not unlike the situation that reportedly existed in Great Tellico and Chatuga around the same time. Archeological excavators in the early 1970s noted virtually no differences in the types of cultural materials and features uncovered at the two village sites, which had developed on either side of a creek. 18th-century traders and diplomats, however, clearly identified these as two separate towns.
Tanasi was reported by Euro-American traders from their first explorations in the region in the early 18th century, but Chota does not appear in the historical record until around 1745. The maps of John Herbert and George Hunter, drawn in 1727 and 1730, respectively, show Tanasi but not Chota. In 1746, English agent George Pawley met with Cherokee leaders at the Chota townhouse, indicating Chota had usurped Tanasi as the more dominant town. Missionary William Richardson visited the Overhill towns in the late 1750s and described Chota and Tanasi as being separated by a "small river." Richardson's description is supported by Timberlake's 1762 map, which recorded the two towns' sites.
Archaeological findings
Cyrus Thomas, working for the Smithsonian Institution's Bureau of Ethnology in the late 1880s, conducted a mound survey at the Chota-Tanasi site. Thomas reported the discovery of 13 burials and several artifacts.
In 1939, Thomas Lewis and Madeline Kneburg directed an excavation at the Chota-Tanasi site with funding by the Works Progress Administration to pay for laborers. Lewis and Kneburg, who were searching for cultural data with which to compare their earlier finds at Hiwassee Island, uncovered 22 burials, 85 pit features, 982 postmolds, and one structure.
With the sites threatened by flooding from a dam and reservoir project, between 1969 and 1974, University of Tennessee archaeologists conducted excavations at the Chota-Tanasi site to establish history and recover as many artifacts as possible. Two excavations— one in 1970 and one in 1972— were focused specifically on Tanasi.
Although artifacts dating to the Archaic period (and even a fluted projectile point dating to the Paleo-Indian period) were uncovered at the Chota-Tanasi sites, the excavations were focused mostly on period of Cherokee occupation. Investigators hoped to identify the locations of each town and to find evidence that might define the Cherokee peoples' relationship to those occupying the area in the South Appalachian Mississippian culture-era (c. 1000–1600 A.D.).
The 1972 excavations uncovered 191 features, 22 burials, 1005 postmolds, and 6 structures at the Tanasi site alone. Two townhouses were uncovered at the Chota-Tanasi sites, one of which was slightly smaller and older than the other. The older of the two townhouses may have been the Tanasi townhouse, which traders and emissaries had reported in the 1720s. But, it is also possible that the older townhouse was an earlier version of the Chota townhouse, and that excavators failed to uncover the Tanasi townhouse. The older townhouse had a diameter of just over . In 1986, the remains of the 22 burials uncovered at Tanasi— along with those uncovered at Chota— were reinterred in a burial mound at the Sequoyah Museum near Vonore.
References
Resources
Mooney, James. "Myths of the Cherokee" (1900, reprint 1995).
External links
Frank H. McClung Museum
Eastern Band of the Cherokee Nation
Geography of Monroe County, Tennessee
Cherokee towns in Tennessee
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Pre-statehood history of Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Monroe County, Tennessee
Populated places inundated by the Tennessee Valley Authority
Yankee traders is a term used historically to refer to American merchants and drug smugglers, particularly around the turn of the 19th century. Many of the Yankee traders came from Boston or other New England ports — hence the appellation "Yankee". They were reputed to be particularly shrewd and independent.
References
External links
A Yankee Trader in Yap: Crayton Philo Holcomb
19th century in the United States
19th-century economic history
Economic history of the United States
Śarabhanga (Sanskrit शरभन्ग) is a sage and anchorite mentioned in Book III (Aranya Kanda) of Ramayana.  They are visited by Rama during the latter's journey through the Dandaka forest. Prior to Rama's visit, Lord Indra appears at their hermitage in order to take the sage to the heavenly Brahmaloka. Śarabhanga's last wish was to see Rama before leaving the mortal world. After seeing Rama and performing the necessary rites, the holy man carries out self-immolation by throwing their old body to the funeral pyre, and a youthful ethereal form rises towards the heavens. Before starting the rites, they ask Rama to watch them doing that.
References
Sages in the Ramayana
The Taiwan Holiness Church (Chinese: 台灣聖教會) was established in 1926 when some Taiwanese youths who had converted to the Japan Holiness Church whilst studying in Japan, returned home to Taiwan and began evangelizing in the country along with fellow Japanese pastors.
Historical background
American Holiness missionaries, belonging to the Oriental Mission Society had arrived in Tokyo, Japan since 1901 and established the Central Gospel Evangelical Office. There, they began to itinerate and preach their beliefs among the Japanese populace. The Holiness movement they represented was born in the United States after the American Civil War during a period of religious renewal in the years and was seen by many as a revitalization of the Methodist Church. A product of the Methodist and Episcopalian traditions, the Holiness Protestants accepted John Wesley's schema of justification and sanctification but wanted church leaders to be more willing to allow the Holy Spirit to move within them. Out of this desire for a more intense religiosity was born a new church movement that grew and prospered in America in the last four decades of the 19th century. Seminaries and churches had been established by 1900 and Holiness missionaries were travelling to all parts of the world. They reached Japan in 1901. In 1905, after gaining enough converts, these missionaries were able to establish the Far Eastern Church. Over the next two decades, the missionaries and their Japanese converts began to consider Taiwan as a site for mission work. Although they visited the island in 1913 and again in 1917, on both occasions they felt that the time was not yet right to begin the evangelistic work. But in 1926, they were ready to move ahead.
The converts, accompanied by pastor Zhong Tianjing, settled in Taipei in January and launched their campaign. Within a few days, a Holiness Church was organized in a building on the main north–south thoroughfare of the city on Zhongshan Road. It served as the home of the new congregation.
Pastor Zhong then moved on to the bustling port in the island's southwest, Kaohsiung. Within a few months, a core of believers had emerged to found a church on the city's Gaishang Street. Zhang continued to itinerate and attract an audience. November saw them on the island's east coast of Hualien, a port city. Once again, those who heard them proved receptive, and still another church was founded. Thus in less than a year, Holiness evangelists had planted three churches in Taiwan. Pastor Zhong returned to Tokyo at the end of 1926 but came back to Taiwan in November 1927. Again they met with success. They planted a church that month in the southeastern corner of the island in Taitung. December 1927 found them in the Japanese-developed port of Keelung, just northeast of Taipei. There they delivered a powerful series of sermons heard by attentive and receptive audiences. Soon the city's Protestant converts joined forces and founded the Keelung Holiness Church.
References
External links
Taiwan Holiness Church, Keelung
Protestantism in Taiwan
Christian organizations established in 1926
Holiness denominations
Trewarmett () is a small hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It lies within the civil parish of Tintagel, 3 miles (5 km) north-west of Camelford. To the west of Trewarmett is Trebarwith Nature Reserve.
Trewarmett lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).
There was formerly a Methodist church in Trewarmett; the Methodist cemetery is nearby.
The Trebarwith valley nearby was used for slate mining in the 19th century. The Prince of Wales Engine House was built in 1871 to transport slate and water from the quarries towards Tintagel. The engine house fell into disrepair and was restored by the local Prince of Wales Engine House Society. In 2014, the Prince of Wales declined an offer to sell the property to private buyers.
References
External links
Trewarmett, Cornwall; Explore Britain
Hamlets in Cornwall
Tintagel
The following is a list of contestants that have appeared on the ITV2 reality series Love Island. The youngest Islander is Amelia Peters, who was 18 years old when they took part in the third series, whereas the oldest Islanders are Jordan Ring, Marcel Somerville and Paul Knops, all of whom were 31 years old when they entered the villa in series 1, 3 and 4, respectively.
The youngest winners are Amber Davies and Finn Tapp, who were 20 years old when they won the third and sixth series, respectively. Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti are the oldest winners at 27 years old when they won the eighth series together.
Islanders
Key
Winner
Runner-up
Third place
Fourth place
Walked
Removed
Contestant entered for the second time
References
Love Island (2015 TV series) contestants
Love Island (2015 TV series)
Wendy Lumby (born 13 June 1966 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics. They grew up in Calgary, Alberta.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Regina, Saskatchewan
British female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
The Battle of Kenapacomaqua, also called the Battle of Old Town, was a raid in 1791 by United States forces under the command of Lieutenant Colonel (later Brigadier General) James Wilkinson on the Miami (Wea) town of Kenapacomaqua on the Eel River, approximately six miles upstream from present-day Logansport, Indiana.
Background and Battle
In 1791, Northwest Territory Governor Arthur St. Clair readied an Army to attack Kekionga in response to Harmar's Defeat in 1790. They intended to dispatch a separate force simultaneously to distract the defending Native American coalition. Delays in preparations caused St. Clair to initiate Wilkinson's raid prior to the main body's advance, however. Lieutenant Colonel Wilkinson had served under Brigadier General Charles Scott during the Blackberry Campaign of Spring 1791, in which mounted Kentucky militia raided Native American villages along the Wabash River and its tributaries. That campaign was considered a great success, and many called for a second raid before the end of Summer. Wilkinson's force of 523 Kentucky militia departed Fort Washington on 1 August 1791. They covered about 70 miles in two and a half days, and arrived at Kenapacomaqua on 7 August 1791.
Wilkinson immediately crossed the Eel River and attacked. Unknown to Wilkinson, the village was lightly defended. Alexander McKee had called a Grand Council of the Western Confederacy, and other leaders were travelling to Quebec for a meeting with Guy Carleton, 1st Baron Dorchester and Joseph Brant. The remaining residents were suffering from a severe flu-like illness, which- according to one British observer- caused them to bury two or three people each day. Thirty-four Miami were taken prisoner, mostly women and children. One of the captives was a daughter of Miami war chief Little Turtle. In addition, one U.S. captive was found at Kenapacomaqua and released. According to that captive, only eight warriors had remained at the village. Sixty warriors were patrolling the Wabash River, while others were at Vincennes purchasing ammunition or gathering food in the forests.
Two Kentuckians were killed and another wounded. Nine Miami died in the encounter. By Wilkinson's own account, the Miami dead included only six warriors. Two of the dead were women. One was a child.
Wilkinson cut down the corn crops and burned the village houses. The militia made camp for the night, but decided not to proceed further due to fear of retaliation. Wilkinson followed the same route to Kentucky used by General Scott months earlier, stopping at Ouiatenon to destroy the crops newly planted since the June raid.
Aftermath
The Western Confederacy was enraged by the attack and sent calls to war. Within weeks, news arrived that the United States had begun a larger advance north from Fort Washington. Observers at Fort Detroit noted a constant stream of Native Americans going to war.
Wilkinson exaggerated the report of their raid, claiming to have destroyed "the chief town" of the Wea. Although Wilkinson's success is now credited to circumstances which left Kenapacomaqua lightly defended, General St. Clair and President George Washington were both pleased with Wilkinson's raid. Secretary of War Henry Knox considered both the Blackberry Campaign and the Battle of Kenapacomaqua a success, writing "The consternation arising from the demonstration of their being within our reach must all tend to the great object, the establishment of peace." As a reward, Wilkinson was given command of the Second United States Regiment during the main campaign that October.
Ironically, Governor Guy Carleton, 1st Baron Dorchester urged peace that same August at their conference, held at the Chateau St. Louis in Quebec. The American Indian council departed with terms of peace to present to the United States. When the council arrived at Fort Detroit, however, they received news of Wilkinson's raid and St. Clair's advance. The entire council immediately departed to defend Kekionga, which ended on 4 November 1791 with St. Clair's Defeat, one of the worst defeats in U.S. Army history. The Northwest Indian War would continue another four years.
Notes
References
See also
List of battles fought in Indiana
External links
Cass County, Indiana, Genealogy Web: Olde Towne Battlefield Cemetery
Cass County, Indiana, Genealogy Web: Map showing location of "Olde Towne Indian Burial Ground"
TopoQuest: General Area of Battle of Kenapacomaqua
Google Maps: General Area of Battle of Kenapacomaqua
1791 in the Northwest Territory
Kenapacomaqua
Kenapacomaqua
Kenapacomaqua
Cass County, Indiana
Kenapacomaqua
Indiana in the Northwest Indian War
Kentucky in the Northwest Indian War
Miami tribe
Wea
Don Leicht (October 12, 1946 – January 22, 2021) was a visual artist who has worked as a painter and sculptor in the Bronx, New York City for over forty years. Leicht has had one person exhibitions in New York, Sweden and (Germany) and is an early figure in the New York City downtown scene in the 1970s, and in the subsequent Street Art and Graffiti movements.
Fashion Moda
Fashion Moda is most often associated with graffiti art and its acceptance into the art world through such figures as John Fekner, Jean-Michel Basquiat, Jenny Holzer, and Keith Haring. In 1981, Leicht participated in Fashion Moda's annual South Bronx exhibition, and the following year in From The Monkey To The Monitor an installation by Fekner, Leicht and Fred Baca which included a live performance by Phoebe Legere.
Charlotte Street
In August 1980, John Fekner and Don Leicht worked together on an outdoor project located at the site of the People's Convention held at Charlotte Street in the South Bronx. Held on August 8–10, the People's Convention was an alternative and direct response to the National Convention of the Democratic Party being held at Madison Square Garden in New York City. Fekner's stenciled messages included Decay, Broken Promises, Falsas Promesas, Last Hope, Broken Treaties and Save Our School were succinct and dramatic in size; Leicht's Birdfeeders were small-scaled and intimate painted sculptures for the children of the neighborhood. Their work transversely complemented each other with two different and distinct approaches that identified and drew attention to the existing conditions of the immediate Black and Latino communities, as well the concerns of Native American Indians. Presidential candidate Ronald Reagan stood amidst the abandoned buildings on August 5, 1980 promising to rebuild the area, as did their predecessor President Jimmy Carter in October 1977. The area has seen improvements through the rebuilding initiatives of Mayor Ed Koch, Ed Logue's SBDO Charlotte Street Gardens, and the ongoing efforts of MBD Community Housing Corporation, SoBro and other newer partnerships and financial institutions.
Collaborations
Leicht began collaborating with Queens artist John Fekner at P.S. 1 where they shared a studio in 1976. In 1982, they began a series of work and installations using steel, cut metal, aluminum and automotive paints based on Nishikado's Space Invaders arcade game with the statement: Your Space Has Been Invaded-Our Children are Fighting a Terrible War. Whole families are being sent to Battlescreen. Their Beauty's Only Street Deep was installed at the Wooster Collective's 11 Spring Street street art 2006 exhibition in NYC. In 1978, Leicht painted outdoors in Fekner's Detective Show in Gorman Park in Queens which included the words street museum on the invitational card.
Reviews
O'Brien, Glenn, Artforum magazine, 1983
Review of From the Monkey to the Monitor, Fashion Moda, South, Bronx
The Wooster Collective said, "For us, John Fekner's pioneering stencil work is as important to the history of the urban art movement as the work of artists like Haring, Basquiat. It was artists like Fekner, Leicht, Hambleton and others who truly held down the scene back in the early 80's."
In 1983, art writer Glenn O'Brien in a review in Artforum magazine states, "Leicht's piece consists of a sequence of creatures that exist only on a video screen- Pac Man, Donkey Kong, and other Atari-type stable mates. Leicht has cut the forms of these leisure demons from heavy aluminum plate and enameled them with their normal, unnatural colors. But each creature has also been abraded, scratches in the enamel showing the metal underneath. One geometric thing – an abstracted dog? an "Imperial Walker"? – has been scratched with a message like a toilet-stall graffito or the "Pray" scratched on the metal of New York City phone booths.
Selected bibliography
Gumpert, Lynn, curator, New Work New York at the New Museum, Exhibition catalog essay, January 30 – March 25, 1982. p. 12–15
Howze, Russell, Stencil Nation: Graffiti, Community, and Art, Manic D Press, San Francisco, CA, 2008,
Kahane, Lisa, Do Not Give Way to Evil, Photographs of the South Bronx, 1979–1987, powerHouse books, a Miss Rosen edition, Brooklyn, NY, 2008,
Lippard, Lucy, Get The Message-A Decade of Social Change, Penguin Group (USA) Incorporated, 1985
Gallery
Notes
External links
Don Leicht website
Hyperallergic "The Emergence of Real Pop Art: Jeffrey Deitch & Street Art"
John Fekner website
Wooster Collective
Detective Show, Gorman Park, Jackson Heights, NY 1978
BLK River, Vienna Austria John Fekner & Don Leicht/The Stanley Cup is missing
American contemporary painters
Public art
American graffiti artists
1946 births
Living people
Culture jamming
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century male artists
People from the Bronx
Artists from New York City
Lehman College alumni
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century male artists
American male sculptors
Sculptors from New York (state)
This is a list of members of the Walloon Parliament between 1999 and 2004, following the direct elections of 1999.
Composition
By party
PS (25)
Patrick Avril replaced Laurette Onkelinx (16.7.99)
Maurice Bayenet, leader
Richard Biefnot
Maurice Bodson
Robert Collignon, président du parlement (àpd 5.4.00)
Frédéric Daerden replaced José Happart (ministre-16.7.99)
Freddy Deghilage
Marc de Saint Moulin replaced Willy Taminiaux (7.2.2001)
Nicole Docq replaced Bernard Anselme (31.1.01)
Paul Ficheroulle replaced Jean-Claude Van Cauwenberghe (ministre-12.7.99)
Didier Donfut
Michel Filleul replaced Christian Dupont (24.9.03)
Paul Furlan
Gil Gilles
Gustave Hofman
Jean-François Istasse
Jean-Marie Léonard
Robert Meureau
Jean Namotte
André Navez
Jean-Pierre Perdieu
Francis Poty
Edmund Stoffels
Pierre Wacquier remplace Annick Saudoyer (5.6.03) replaced Christian Massy (12.3.01), who replaced Rudy Demotte (17.1.01 et ministre 16.7.99–4.4.00)
Léon Walry
PRL (21)
Claude Ancion
Chantal Bertouille, leader (jusque 16.9.01)
Jean Bock
Pierre Boucher
Véronique Cornet
André Damseaux
Jean-Pierre Dardenne
Christine Defraigne replaced Michel Foret (ministre-16.7.99)
Philippe Fontaine, chef de groupe (àpd 16.9.01)
Claudy Huart replaced Jean-Pierre Dauby(†) (24.4.00)
Michel Joiret replaced Hervé Jamar (14.7.03), who replaced Pierre Hazette (31.12.00)
Michel Huin
Gérard Mathieu
Richard Miller, replaced by Pierre Fortez (17.1.01–6.6.03)
Marcel Neven
Jacques Otlet replaced Serge Kubla (ministre-12.7.99)
Florine Pary-Mille
Guy Saulmont
Annie Servais-Thysen
Jean-Marie Séverin (ministre-12.7.99–17.10.00 : replaced by Patrick Bioul)
Jean-Paul Wahl
ECOLO (14)
Marie-Rose Cavalier-Bohon replaced Philippe Defeyt (26.1.00)
Marcel Cheron
Xavier Desgain, leader
Michel Guilbert
Jean-Claude Hans replaced Jean-Michel Javaux (24.9.03)
Pierre Hardy
Philippe Henry
Daniel Josse
Alain Pieters replaced Nicole Maréchal (31.12.00)
Daniel Smeets
Luc Tiberghien
Alain Trussart replaced Marc Hordies (17.9.02)
Monique Vlaminck-Moreau
Bernard Wesphael
PSC (14)
André Antoine, leader
André Bouchat
Christian Brotcorne replaced Georges Seneca(†) (20.11.02)
Philippe Charlier
Anne-Marie Corbisier-Hagon
Michel de Lamotte replaced William Ancion (21.2.01)
Jacques Étienne
Guy Hollogne
Elmar Keutgen
Michel Lebrun
Albert Liénard
André Namotte replaced Ghislain Hiance (24.4.01)
Pierre Scharff
René Thissen
FN (1)
List
Walloon Parliament
1999 in Belgium
2000s in Belgium
Persatuan Sepakbola Tanah Laut or Persetala is an Indonesian football team based in Pelaihari, Tanah Laut Regency, South Kalimantan. They currently compete in Liga 3.
Honours
Liga 3 South Kalimantan
Winner: 2019
References
Football clubs in Indonesia
Football clubs in South Kalimantan
Sport in South Kalimantan
Association football clubs established in 1981
1981 establishments in Indonesia
Callimetopus mindorensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Dela Cruz and Adorada in 2012.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2012
Deirdre Mary Grusovin (born 1 September 1938) was a Labor member of the New South Wales Parliament for over twenty five years.
Grusovin was born Deirdre Mary Brereton in Sydney, and is the sister of influential former politician Laurie Brereton. They were educated at Our Lady of the Sacred Heart College in Kensington. Prior to entering politics, they were a librarian for the City of Randwick from 1957 to 1962 and then managed their husband's pharmacy business until 1978.
Initially elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1978, they remained in office until 1990. During this time they were Minister for Consumer Affairs and Assistant Minister for Health 1986-88 and Minister for Small Business 1987–88. In 1990, they contested a by-election in Heffron, winning the seat in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly which had been vacated by their brother, who transferred to Federal Parliament. At the time of their transfer to the lower house, they were touted as a potential challenger to Bob Carr for the Labor leadership. They were re-elected in Heffron in 1991.
On 1 December 1994, Grusovin used parliamentary privilege to air a statutory declaration by convicted pedophile Colin John Fisk alleging that politician Frank Arkell and lawyer John Marsden were pederasts. Labor leader Bob Carr had urged them not to do so, but Grusovin proceeded to read part of the document to parliament without further notice. Premier John Fahey called on Labor leader Bob Carr to sack them from the shadow ministry if they would not produce supporting evidence and the NSW Law Society labelled their actions "a gross abuse of parliamentary privilege". Marsden challenged Grusovin to repeat the comments outside parliament, and would later successfully sue a media outlet for defamation over the allegations. Carr forced their resignation the following day, having staked their leadership on the outcome.
Grusovin was re-elected in 1995 and 1999, but spent the remainder of their career on the backbench. They resigned from parliament in 2003, following defeat in a bitter preselection battle with Kristina Keneally in 2002. Grusovin threatened to take their case to the Supreme Court, but ultimately stepped aside and Keneally succeeded them in 2003.
They were appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in the 2016 Australia Day Honours for significant service to the Parliament and the community of New South Wales, to education administration, and to social welfare. In 1990 they were granted permission to retain the title "The Honourable".
References
1938 births
Living people
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Women members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Women members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Politicians from Sydney
Members of the Order of Australia
21st-century Australian politicians
Simen Auseth (born 8 April 1963) is a Norwegian boxer. They were born in Oslo. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. They represented the club IF Ørnulf.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Oslo
Olympic boxers of Norway
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Norwegian male boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
The Magnolia Mound Plantation House is a French Creole house constructed in 1791 near the Mississippi River in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Many period documents refer to the plantation as Mount Magnolia. The house and several original outbuildings on the grounds of Magnolia Mound Plantation are examples of the vernacular architectural influences of early settlers from France and the West Indies. The complex is owned by the city of Baton Rouge and maintained by its Recreation Commission (BREC). It is located approximately one mile south of downtown.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 7, 1972.
Early history
The plantation house, first a cottage, is one of the earliest buildings in the present-day city of Baton Rouge.
The land was owned originally by James Hillin, an early Scots settler who arrived in 1786, who lived there with wife Jane Stanley Hillin, five children, and six enslaved Africans: Thomas, John, Lucia, Catherine, Jenny, and Anna. On December 23, 1791, John Joyce, from County Cork, Ireland, purchased the property. He, their wife Constance Rochon and their children lived in Mobile, Alabama. By the time of their drowning, on May 9, 1798, during a sailing trip from New Orleans to Mobile, Joyce held about 50 slaves at the plantation, who cultivated indigo, tobacco, cotton, and sugarcane under the supervision of an overseer.
The widow Constance Rochon Joyce married the widower Armand Duplantier, an influential person in the area who had four surviving children from their first marriage and had managed a plantation in the vicinity of Pointe Coupee. They brought 54 slaves to the marriage from their estate. They were a former captain of the Continental Army under the Marquis de Lafayette. They had five children together. From 1802 to 1805, they enlarged the house to accommodate their large family, although they used it mostly as a country house. Armand Duplantier died in 1827.
Duplantier descendants owned the plantation until 1849; the property then had several owners through the late 19th century. At that time Louis Barillier sold the land and improvements to Robert A. Hart.
After the Civil War
Edward J. Gay purchased the deed in the early 1860s and had several overseers run the plantation for him, including the years after the Civil War. In 1869, the manager was W.L. Larimore.
In the 20th century, Mrs. Blanche Duncan acquired Magnolia Mound Plantation through a family inheritance. In 1951, Mrs. Duncan commissioned the architectural firm of Goodman and Miller of Baton Rouge to do extensive alterations and additions.
After the property fell into disrepair, in 1966 the City of Baton Rouge exercised its right of eminent domain to purchase the house and , in order to preserve the house and its dependencies for their historic and architectural value. The property is a green space within the city.
Architecture
The cottage was originally four rooms, with side-by-side room arrangement. About 1812 it was expanded to a seven or eight-room house, including an extension for a formal dining room and two service rooms. A "U-shaped" gallery was constructed during this second stage of development. The Duplantier family used it as a country house.
During the late 19th century, owners added rooms under the gallery on the north and south sides. The basic form of the house is rectangular with a large hip roof, which covers all rooms and galleries. During the early 19th century, double-hung windows were added.
The interior décor was altered during the early 20th century.
In 1998, the city installed an original, double slave cabin (c.1830) from Pointe Coupee Parish on the grounds to help interpret the lives of enslaved Africans. One half is furnished as it would have been in the early 19th century; the other half houses an exhibit on slave life in Louisiana.
Additional outbuildings, some original to the plantation, show how the operations of the plantation were supported:
Open-hearth kitchen - The city reconstructed a separate outdoor kitchen building based on archaeological evidence. It is authentically furnished with vintage utensils, such as spider pots, a clock-jack, sugar nippers, waffle iron, olla jar, and reflector ovens.
Overseer's house - original to the plantation, c. 1870. Also individually enlisted in National Register of Historic Places as Magnolia Mound Plantation House Dependency.
Crop garden - The crop garden contains indigo, tobacco, cotton, and sugarcane, depicting Magnolia Mound's cash crops throughout its history.
Pigeonnier - A small pigeon house or dovecote, c.1825, typical of French Creole plantations, was used to house squab and various game birds. Today it again houses a collection of live pigeons. Also individually enlisted in National Register of Historic Places as Barthel Pigeonnier.
Carriage house - Holds a collection of vintage tools, as well as a weaver's workshop, which depict plantation crafts c.1800-1820.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana
Notes
References
External links
"Magnolia Mound Plantation House", National Park Service
African-American history in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Houses completed in 1791
Creole architecture in Louisiana
Houses in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Historic house museums in Louisiana
Plantation houses in Louisiana
Sugar plantations in Louisiana
Museums in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Tourist attractions in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Slave cabins and quarters in the United States
The Sackville Street Building is a building on Sackville Street, Manchester, England. The University of Manchester occupies the building which, before the merger with UMIST in 2004, was UMIST's "Main Building". Construction of the building for the Manchester School of Technology began in 1895 on a site formerly occupied by Sir Joseph Whitworth's engineering works; it was opened in 1902 by the then Prime Minister, Arthur Balfour. The School of Technology became the Manchester Municipal College of Technology in 1918.
Built using Burmantofts terracotta, the building is now Grade II listed. It was extended along Whitworth Street, towards London Road, between 1927 and 1957 by the architects Bradshaw Gass & Hope, the delay being due to the depression in the 1930s and the Second World War. Originally a swimming pool was planned for the top floor, but after worries the weight of water might cause structural issues it was instead used as a dug in gymnasium and in more recent years as an examination hall. The lower floors contain among other departments the Royce Laboratory for mechanical engineering, named after Henry Royce. Floors are denoted by letters, from BA (lowest), then A to L (highest) missing out me.
The building is bounded by Whitworth Street to the north, Granby Row to the south, Cobourg Street to the east, and Sackville Street to the west, where the original main entrance (called the Grand Entrance) lies. The entrance on Granby Row is the usual entrance to the eastern part of the building (there is another entrance on Whitworth Street only for the use of the students and staff of the University of Manchester ). The historic Godlee Observatory sits on the roof and is still in use. The building is used by the University for a number of functions and departments. These include administration, teaching and research in science and technology, and examinations.
Inside on floors D, E and F are the Joule Library (now part of the University of Manchester Library) and various offices, laboratories, lecture theatres and exam halls. The Joule Library was given this name (commemorating the physicist J. P. Joule) in 1987 when it was refurbished.
There are inscriptions at the Grand Entrance and at the Whitworth Street entrance, recording important events in the history of the building. The later part of the building was built on the site of St Augustine's Church, the third Roman Catholic chapel in Manchester. It was replaced by the second St Augustine's Church in York Street, Chorlton on Medlock. There is also a plaque recording the previous existence of Ivan Levinstein's laboratory on the site.
In the estates strategy for 2010-2020 for the University of Manchester it is stated that essentially all of the former UMIST campus, described as the "area north of the Mancunian Way," is to be disposed of. The fate of the former UMIST Main Building (Sackville Street Building) is not described. The vice-chancellor of Manchester University, Dame Nancy Rothwell, has stated that a fitting use must be found for this "fine old building."
Sackville Street Building currently serves as the home for the University of Manchester's school of Electrical and Electronic Engineering (EEE) along with providing a base for textile sciences and nuclear science at the Dalton Institute on site.
See also
Listed buildings in Manchester-M1
References
UMIST Joule Library. Manchester: the University of Manchester Institute of Science & Technology, 1987
Further reading
"The new Municipal Technical School"; The Journal of the Manchester Geographical Society; vol. XVI (1900), pp. 293-95 (an article contributed to the Evening Mail based on the remarks of Alderman Hoy and Mr. J. H. Reynolds when the society visited the school, 7 July 1900)
Buildings at the University of Manchester
Towers in Greater Manchester
School buildings completed in 1902
1902 establishments in England
Grade II listed buildings in Manchester
Grade II listed educational buildings
Bradshaw, Gass & Hope buildings
Brick buildings and structures
Renaissance Revival architecture in England
1987 is a 2014 autobiographic movie of the director Ricardo Trogi starring Jean-Carl Boucher as Ricardo Trogi and Sandrine Bisson as Claudette Trogi. It is the sequel to the movie 1981, which came out in 2009. The movie puts emphasis on Trogi's teen years, when they were experiencing family problems and discovering their sexual identity. It also demonstrates the life of second-generation migrants.
A third film in the series, 1991, was released in 2018.
Plot
In 1987, 17-year-old Ricardo (Jean-Carl Boucher) is facing the usual teenage problems, such as having a crush on a classmate named Sarah, despite already having a girlfriend named Marie-Josée, and having a car. With their three friends, they spend time doing parties and get drunk. When they fail to enter in a bar after graduation, Ricardo then decides to open a bar for underaged teens.
On their first night of work, when they were supposed to have sex with Marie-Josée and lose their virginity, Ricardo breaks a BMW, putting the damage and repairs on the restaurant's budget, and is immediately fired; an argument with their father cause the latter to start to make wine illegally. One night, Ricardo and their friends find a expensive radio in a car and they steal it to gain money and become thieves. After being able to enter the bar, Ricardo gets unwillingly closer to Sarah.
On their prom day, Ricardo learns that Marie-Josée had an affair with a man in the bar Ricardo always tries to go and they break up; they also learn their project of bar got made in a near region and one of their friends has been admitted to the NHL. To get revenge on Marie-Josée, Ricardo has a date with Sarah who goes awry when Sarah announces their homosexuality and Ricardo finds Dallaire, one of their friends, with Marie-Josée. Trying to talk to Marie-Josée, Ricardo gets drunk with their father's wine and is arrested by the police after the officer finds the stolen radios and Ricardo tries to flee. Thinking Dallaire tricked Ricardo for having a date with Marie-Josée, Ricardo blames Dallaire for the stolen radios.
The next morning, an argument occurs with their parents over Ricardo's activities and their father's illegal business. The argument is interrupted when Ricardo's sister announces Marie-Josée has called. Ricardo then takes a bike and rides during three hours to Trois-Rivières, to have sex with Marie-Josée.
It is later revealed that the relationship has ended after 3 years and Ricardo never saw Dallaire again.
Cast
Soundtrack
"Cum On Feel the Noize" - Performed by Quiet Riot
"Ce soir l'amour est dans tes yeux" - Performed by Martine St-Clair
"Forever Young" - Performed by Alphaville
"Lavender" - Performed by Marillion
"Space Age Love Song" - Performed by A Flock of Seagulls
"It's Like That" - Performed by Run-D.M.C.
"It's a sin" - Performed by Pet Shop Boys
"Everytime I See Your Picture" - Performed by Luba
"I canto degli Italiani" - Written by Groffredo Mameli & Michele Novaro
"The Ride of the Valkyries" - Performed by Wiener Philharmoniker
Reception
The film was met with positive reviews from local Montreal journals.
Release
The film was released in theaters in the summer of 2014 and released on DVD, Blu-ray, and limited edition VHS in December 2014.
References
External links
1987 at Library and Archives Canada
2014 films
Films directed by Ricardo Trogi
2010s French-language films
Canadian coming-of-age comedy-drama films
Films set in 1987
Films set in Quebec City
Works about Italian-Canadian culture
2010s coming-of-age comedy-drama films
2014 comedy films
2014 drama films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
Krishnaraopalem is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Chatrai mandal of Nuzvid revenue division.
References
Villages in Krishna district
Simon Gauzy (born 25 October 1994) is a French table tennis player. They competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the men's singles event, in which they were eliminated in the third round by Kou Lei, and as part of the French team in the men's team event.
References
External links
Simon Gauzy at Table Tennis Media
1994 births
Living people
French male table tennis players
Olympic table tennis players of France
Table tennis players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Table tennis players at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
European Games medalists in table tennis
Table tennis players at the 2015 European Games
European Games silver medalists for France
Table tennis players at the 2019 European Games
Sportspeople from Toulouse
Table tennis players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
The 2018 FIBA 3x3 Europe Cup was the fourth edition of the 3x3 Europe Championships, organized by FIBA Europe, and was held between 14 and 16 September 2018, in the city's Metropolitan Circus in Bucharest, Romania. This 3x3 basketball competition featured separate tournaments for men's and women's national teams. This was the third time that Bucharest had hosted the championships, after the 2014 FIBA Europe 3x3 Championships at the University Square and the 2016 FIBA Europe 3x3 Championships within the AFI Cotroceni shopping mall.
Serbia won their first European championship title in the men's tournament, by beating Latvia in the final. In the women's tournament, France won their first European championship title by beating the Netherlands in the final.
Qualification
Men
Women
Draw
Several qualifiers were held across three nations namely, Andorra, France, and the host country itself. The hosts, Romania, qualified automatically for both the men's and women's events. The draw of the groupings was announced by FIBA last 16 August 2018.
Men
Woman 's
References
External links
Official website
2018
2018 in 3x3 basketball
2018–19 in Romanian basketball
International basketball competitions hosted by Romania
Sports competitions in Bucharest
September 2018 sports events in Europe
The siege of Bednore was a battle of the Second Anglo-Mysore War. The British had captured Bednore (modern day Nagara) and other strongholds in the Malabar coast from Mysore in early 1783, while the Mysore leader, Tipu Sultan, was leading their army on campaign in the Carnatic. The British commander, Brigadier-General Richard Matthews, formed a small garrison of 1,600 men at Bednore and split the remainder of the force into detachments to plunder the surrounding region. Tipu Sultan brought their army of more than 100,000 men west and managed to approach within of Bednore undetected by 9 April. Matthews deployed their troops in the field outside of Bednore and was swiftly defeated. Matthews abandoned the town and retreated to the fort which was quickly besieged by the Mysore army.
Matthews lost much of their ammunition in the retreat and was short of provisions. Suffering losses from disease, they arranged a ceasefire with the Mysore on 24 April and surrendered on 28 April. The terms of the surrender were generous allowing the garrison to march out with all the honours of war, providing free passage to Bombay and allowing the officers to retain their personal property. However Matthews divided the garrison's treasury, which should have been surrendered, among their officers which outraged the Mysore. Matthews' senior officers were seized and later poisoned and searches recovered the bulk of the missing treasure. The junior officers were marched to Chittledroog and mistreatment resulted in some deaths. Sepoy non-commissioned officers who refused to join the Mysore army were thought, by the British officers, to have been murdered. Surviving prisoners were released in March 1784 under the Treaty of Mangalore.
Background
Bednore (today known as Nagara) lies in the Malabar Coast region of South-Western India. It was a traditional stronghold of the Nayakas of Keladi until they were defeated by Hyder Ali in 1763 and the territory incorporated into the Kingdom of Mysore. Ali looted the town of £12 million and renamed it as Hydernuggur. The area was afterwards peaceful until the Second Anglo-Mysore War (1780-84) between Ali (and their son Tipu Sultan) and the British (and the East India Company). In early 1783 while Tipu Sultan's army was fighting in the Carnatic region near India's east coast the East India Company sent Brigadier-General Richard Matthews with part of the Bombay Army to the Malabar Coast. Matthews captured all the Mysore forces in the region and set about looting the area, splitting their force into small detachments to cover a wide area.
Siege
Tipu Sultan decided to cut short their campaign in the Carnatic and return to the Malabar Coast with their army. Matthews' troops were thinly spread and more intent on plunder than reconnaissance. Tipu Sultan's army, consisting of 2,000 French regulars and 100,000 Indian troops, was not spotted until 9 April when it was at Fattiput, just from Bednore. Matthews was unable to bring their detachments together in time but chose to face Tipu Sultan in the field at an open plain in front of Bednore. Matthews' army, some 600 European troops and 1,000 Indian sepoys, suffered 500 casualties within minutes and, abandoning the town, they retreated to the fort.
Much of the garrison's ammunition was stored in the town and this was lost in the retreat. The defenders were also low on provisions and little work had been done to improve the fort's ruined defences. The Mysore army brought up their artillery and began a siege of the fort.
With disease reducing their number Matthews arranged a ceasefire with Tipu Sultan on 24 April. Two days later they held a council of war with their officers, at which they agreed to surrender terms. The terms agreed with the Mysore included free passage for the British force to Bombay, with safe transport for their sick and wounded, and retention of arms for 100 sepoys to act as an escort as far as Sadashagur, where they would embark for Bombay. On 28 April the British garrison marched out with all the honours of war, and piled their arms on the fort's glacis.
Aftermath
The British garrison was marched, under guard, about to a water tank (reservoir) where they were held for some days. On 1 May the enlisted men, their wives and camp followers were searched and any valuables taken by the Mysore army. The officers had been permitted to retain their personal property but all public property was to have been turned over. The garrison's treasury, including plunder, had been divided by Matthews among the officers. Matthews and some of their senior officers were summoned to meet Tipu Sultan on a pretext and were seized. A search recovered the bulk of the missing treasury and Matthews and the 19 most senior officers were killed by poisoning.
The sick and wounded at Bednore were mistreated by the Mysore army, being tipped from their litters. The King's and regimental colours of the 98th Regiment of Foot, 100th Regiment of Foot (Loyal Lincolnshire Regiment) and the 102nd Regiment of Foot were seized on 3 May.
The 34 junior British officers (subalterns) were chained and fettered and marched to confinement at Chittledroog (modern day Chitradurga). They were mistreated and some died en-route. John Le Couteur, who later became a general, was among the junior officers and, in 1790, published an account of the Malabar campaign. The officers were offered their freedom if they agreed to serve in the Mysore Army but none chose to do so. A number of sepoy non-commissioned officers who refused to defect were presumed to have been murdered. The officers considered that they were also to have been murdered but that the order to do so was countermanded when peace negotiations opened between the British and the Tipu Sultan. The surviving prisoners were released in March 1784 under the terms of the Treaty of Mangalore.
References
Sieges involving Great Britain
Sieges involving the Kingdom of Mysore
Sieges involving France
Sieges involving the British East India Company
Conflicts in 1783
1783 in India
Sieges of the Anglo-French War (1778–1783)
Battles of the Second Anglo-Mysore War
Semuloparin (INN, USAN) is an experimental antithrombotic being developed by Sanofi-Aventis and belongs to the group of low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). It has completed Phase III clinical trials for the prevention of thromboembolism following various kinds of surgery such as hip replacement, as well as for patients undergoing chemotherapy.
Like bemiparin, semuloparin is classified as an ultra-LMWH because of its low molecular mass of 2000–3000 g/mol on average. (Enoxaparin has 4500 g/mol) These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than classical LMWHs and act mainly on factor Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding.
References
Heparins
Gavin Sontag (born 10 June 1977) is a former American tennis player.
Sontag has a career high ATP singles ranking of 762 achieved on 2 October 2000. They also have a career high ATP doubles ranking of 174 achieved on 27 August 2001.
Sontag made their ATP main draw debut at the 2001 Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships in the doubles main draw.
External links
1977 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tarat is a village in the commune of Illizi, in Illizi Province, Algeria, located near the border with Libya beside a wadi beneath the eastern edge of the Tassili n'Ajjer mountain range.
See also
Tihoubar
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Populated places in Illizi Province
Muhammad Yahuza Bello is a Nigerian mathematician who served as the 10th vice chancellor of Bayero University Kano.
Early life and education
Yahuza was Born on 22nd January, 1959 in Nassarawa Local Government in Kano state they attended Giginyu Primary School between 1966 and 1973, they attended Government Secondary School, Gaya where they graduated in 1977, they obtained first and second Degree in Mathematics Education from Bayero University Kano.
Yahuza attended the University of Arkansas, under the supervision of Naoki Kimura where they obtained their third degree in Mathematics between 1985 and 1988.
Career
Yahuza started their career in 1982 as Lecturer in Bayero University Kano, after saving for good 19 years, Yahuza became a professor of Mathematics in 2001.
Yahuza held several administrative positions at Bayero University Kano, which include Head of Mathematical Sciences Department, Sub-Dean, Deputy Dean, and Dean, Faculty of Science, they were also the Dean, School of Postgraduate Studies, Director, Centre for Information Technology; Deputy Vice Chancellor (Academics) Yahuza was elected the 10th Vice chancellor by the University congress and confirm by the Governing board of the University where they served between 2015 and 2020.
Yahuza has supervised and graduated six PhD Mathematics candidates, 37 MSc Mathematics and MSc Computer Science candidates. They also supervised over 50 BSc Mathematics and BSc Computer Science final year projects.
Yahuza is a mathematician who has a passion for computers, which lead to the establishment of Computer Science studies in Bayero University Kano, under the department of Mathematics in the year 1990 which now has become the Faculty of Computer Science with more than 1500 graduates.
Yahuza was appointed the Pro-chancellor of Yusuf Maitama Sule University, Kano by their the Executive Governor of Kano State Abdullahi Umar Ganduje immediately after the resignation of Alhaji Sule Yahya Hamma in 2020
References
1959 births
Living people
Nigerian mathematicians
University of Arkansas alumni
Bayero University Kano faculty
Vice-Chancellors of Nigerian universities
Kapala is a village and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 199 square kilometers and includes 4 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 4,064. The village of Kapala, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is about 20 km south of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Lubień (; ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately south of Legnickie Pole, south-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
The Canton of Excideuil is a former canton of the Dordogne département, in France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 14 communes, which joined the canton of Isle-Loue-Auvézère in 2015. It had 5,666 inhabitants (2012).
The lowest point is in Saint-Pantaly-d'Excideuil at 120 m, the highest point is in Saint-Mesmin at 415 m, the average elevation is 375 m. The most populated commune was Excideuil with 1,168 inhabitants (2012).
Communes
The canton comprised the following communes:
Anlhiac
Clermont-d'Excideuil
Excideuil
Génis
Preyssac-d'Excideuil
Saint-Germain-des-Prés
Saint-Jory-las-Bloux
Saint-Martial-d'Albarède
Saint-Médard-d'Excideuil
Saint-Mesmin
Saint-Pantaly-d'Excideuil
Saint-Raphaël
Sainte-Trie
Salagnac
Population history
See also
Cantons of the Dordogne department
References
Former cantons of Dordogne
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
De La Salle College, Dundalk is a secondary school for boys in Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland. It offers a co-educational repeat Leaving Certificate year, and recently built an extension to its school buildings.
History
The De La Salle school was founded in Dundalk in 1899. It began in Castletown in the parish of St. Patrick. In 1979 the post-primary school moved to its present location on the Castleblayney Road. Work commenced on the new extension in 1997. The current enrolment is around 750 pupils.
School crest and motto
Crest
This consists of a star on a shield flanked by a green fern. On the scroll beneath are the Latin words "Signum Fidei" meaning "The Sign of Faith", referring to the star. This recalls the story of the Three Wise Men who followed the Star of Bethlehem, trusting that it would lead them to God.
School motto
The Latin "Recta Sapere" meaning "Right Judgement" or "Knowing what is Right" is the motto of De La Salle College, Dundalk.
School structure
Board of Management
The De La Salle Brothers are the Trustees of the College. The school is under the control of the Board of Management. The Board concerns itself with all matters pertaining to school policy, education policy, finance, school premises and equipment, the selection and appointment of staff and general school matters. The Board ensures that professional standards of education and management are continued in the school. The Board also facilitates the implementation of curricular innovation. Membership of the Board of Management includes De La Salle Order nominees, Parent nominees and Teacher nominees. The Principal of the College is the Secretary.
Parents association
The Parents Association has elected representatives from each region. Members are elected every year.
The role of the Association is a supportive one - to the Principal, School Management, Staff and Students. It aims to foster good relations between the parents, teachers, students and the school authorities. It supports the school by making recommendations about current trends in education. It is sometimes involved in fund-raising to provide extra resource for the school.
Student council
A student council serves to represent the student views. They involve themselves in a whole range of activities within the school. Students are given Leadership Training at the beginning of the school year. The students attend lectures and learn the skills necessary for teamwork and leadership.
School uniform
Like most schools in Ireland and the UK, the students of De La Salle College, Dundalk wears a distinct uniform making them instantly recognisable as pupils of the college. The uniform consists of:
Grey slacks
Grey shirt
Polar blue jumper with college crest
Black Blazer or Fleece with college crest
School tie (Varying design for Junior and Leaving Cert. Students)
RHT Nylon stockings
Notable alumni
Steve Staunton, former Ireland football player and manager.
Martin Naughton, Irish business person, founder of Glen Dimplex.
Brendan O'Dowda, Irish tenor.
Paddy Keenan, Gaelic footballer for Louth
References
External links
De La Salle College, Dundalk
Lasallian schools in Ireland
Secondary schools in County Louth
Boys' schools in the Republic of Ireland
Educational institutions established in 1899
1899 establishments in Ireland
Small Blind () is a Canadian drama film, directed by Simon Galiero and released in 2012. The film stars Micheline Bernard as Denise, a woman rebuilding their life after being divorced by their husband Michel (Julien Poulin) and pushed out of their job with the family company by their son Alex (Pierre-Luc Brillant). Moving into a new apartment, they are initiated into the world of poker by their new neighbours Éric (Marc Fournier), Paul (Louis Sincennes) and Julie (Christine Beaulieu).
The film premiered at the Festival du nouveau cinéma in October 2012, before opening commercially in December.
Bernard received a Prix Jutra nomination for Best Actress at the 15th Jutra Awards in 2013.
References
External links
2012 films
Canadian drama films
Quebec films
Poker films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
Andy Ologun (born June 12, 1983) is a Nigerian professional boxer, mixed martial artist, kickboxer and actor who has fought for K-1 and DREAM.  They are the younger brother of television personality and mixed martial artist, Bobby Ologun.
Ologun holds a notable K-1 kickboxing win over Takayuki Kohiruimaki and a win at Dynamite!! 2010 against former pro baseball Yokohama DeNA BayStars player turned mixed martial artist Katsuaki Furuki. Ologun most notably fought Thai kickboxer Buakaw Por. Pramuk at K-1 World MAX 2007 World Elite Showcase, a fight Ologun lost via decision. Later same year Ologun fought 2 times and reigning K-1 champion Andy Souwer at SHOOT BOXING BATTLE SUMMIT GROUND ZERO TOKYO. Ologun managed to score a first round knockdown on Souwer and also damaged Souwer's nose and bleed the opponent. However Souwer caught up later and dominated Ologun in second & third round to secure a decision win. Andy was to have a rematch with Buakaw Por. Pramuk in 2010, but the fight was delayed due to scheduling conflicts.
Andy is also popular in Japan for their fashion modeling, having modeled in Japan for Comme des Garçons, Sean John, Puma, Dior and Michael Kors, as well as several appearances on Japanese television programs SASUKE and Ninja Warrior. They were also a film extra in the movies Babel, Catch a Fire and Inception. Ologun also made a cameo appearance in a Buju Banton music video. As of 2010 their current K-1 kickboxing record is 2-5.
Ologun turned to professional boxing in mid-2011. Fighting out of Hiranaka Boxing School Gym, they made their debut with a second-round technical knockout in a 163-pound bout at the Nippon Budokan in Tokyo.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Win
| align=center|3-1
| Katsuaki Furuki
| Decision (unanimous)
| Dynamite!! 2010
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| Saitama, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|2-1
| Yukio Sakaguchi
| KO (punches)
| Fields Dynamite!! 2008
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:52
| Saitama, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center|1-1
| Daisuke Nakamura
| Submission (flying armbar)
| Dream 5: Lightweight Grand Prix 2008 Final Round
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:41
| Osaka, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|1-0
| Ken Kaneko
| Decision (unanimous)
| K-1 Premium Dynamite!! 2006
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| Osaka, Japan
|
Kickboxing record
References
External links
Living people
1983 births
Nigerian male mixed martial artists
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Welterweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing kickboxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Nigerian male kickboxers
Welterweight kickboxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Male actors from Ibadan
Sportspeople from Saitama (city)
Naturalized citizens of Japan
Nigerian emigrants to Japan
Japanese people of Yoruba descent
Yoruba sportspeople
Yoruba male models
Nigerian male models
Sasuke (TV series) contestants
Yoruba male actors
21st-century Japanese male actors
Japanese male models
Nigerian male boxers
Nigerian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Bhaiband, meaning “brotherhood”, are a Hindu jāti within the Sindhi caste of India and Pakistan.
History
The Sindh region was ruled by various Muslim dynasties from 711 until the conquest by the British in 1843, when it became a part of Bombay Presidency. During that period, Hindus were a significant minority of the population although accurate figures continued to be unavailable until after 1947. Mark-Anthony Falzon notes that, "Due to the shifting criteria of categorisation and the complex politics of census in general, the decennial colonial censuses of pre-independence Sindh must be read with caution." Of these Hindus, most were broadly designated as members of the Lohana caste, with the exceptions being those considered to be Bhatias or Brahmins. Although some now considered to be Vaishya in the Hindu ritual ranking system known as varna, the Lohanas trace their origin as members of the Lohana varna from Raghuvanshi clan.
Among the Lohana jatis - a social grouping based on birth and kinship - are the Bhaibands, who by the time of the British Raj were held in a lesser useful than the Amil subgroup of Lohanas but who were the wealthiest as a result of their mobility and participation in trade. Although most of the Bhaibands around Nawabshah, Tando Adam Khan and Hyderabad in Sindh were ancestral Zamindaar and Jagirdars. They were also known for their fierce attitude and very well respected in surrounding Muslim population. Falzon considers their trade-sourced wealth to be their "distinguishing characteristic" among the Hindus of Sindh. Although it was generally uncommon, there was intermarriage between Amils, Bhaibands and another Lohana jati, the Sahitis. The ritual prohibitions of caste, such as restrictions on eating and worshipping together, permeate life in south India but did not play a great role in the life of Sindhis. Nonetheless, a hierarchy existed and, according to Falzon, "still today, Bhaibands are seen by Amils as unpolished, having poor aesthetic tastes, and given to vulgar displays of wealth". While Bhaibands always saw Amils as subservient to rulers or government and doubt their own ability to be rich and successful.
See also
Khudabad
Khudabadi script
Purswani
References
Notes
Citations
Further reading
Lohana
Social groups of Pakistan
John Stephen Gandee, CMG, OBE (8 December 1909 – 4 April 1994) was High Commissioner to Botswana from 1966 until 1969.
Gandee was educated at Dorking High School for Boys. After seven years with the Post Office they were with the India Office until 1949. They held diplomatic posts in Ottawa, Bechuanaland, Basutoland and Swaziland After this they were Head of the Administration Department at the Commonwealth Relations Office from 1961 to 1964; and Head of Office Services at the Diplomatic Service Administration from 1965 until their Botswana appointment.
References
1909 births
1994 deaths
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Botswana
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Dorking Grammar School
Civil servants in the Commonwealth Relations Office
Shilidian Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Benjamin Franklin Johns (March 9, 1830 - December 31, 1907) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. They were the Speaker of the Mississippi House of Representatives from 1880 to 1882.
Early life and career
Benjamin Franklin Johns was born in Amite County, Mississippi, on March 9, 1830. They were the eldest of the six surviving children of William F. Johns (1802-1882) and Rachel (Courtney) Johns (1807-1883). Johns attended the common schools of Amite County before attending the Western Military Institute for two years. They became a teacher for two years and then read law and was admitted to the bar in 1855. They then began practicing law in Liberty, Mississippi. When the American Civil War began in 1861, Johns joined the Confederate States Army and left Amite County with the position of Captain of the Second Company of Amite County. They were re-assigned to the Tennessee Army, during which time they were eventually promoted to the rank of Colonel.
Political career
In 1866, Johns was elected to the office of probate judge. In 1875, Johns was elected to represent Amite County in the Mississippi House of Representatives and served in the 1876 and 1877 sessions. Johns was re-elected to the House in 1879 for the 1880-1882 term. During this term, Johns was elected to be the House's Speaker. In 1887, Johns moved their law practice to Gloster, Mississippi.
Johns died suddenly on December 31, 1907, in Gloster, Mississippi.
References
1830 births
1907 deaths
Speakers of the Mississippi House of Representatives
People from Gloster, Mississippi
Mississippi Democrats
Confederate States Army officers
Mississippi lawyers
Marianne Franken (11 March 1884 – 4 April 1945) was a Dutch painter.
Biography
Franken was born on 11 March 1884 in Amsterdam. They studied at the Internationaal schildersatelier (Amsterdam) (International painting studio). Franken was a member of, and exhibited with, the and Arti et Amicitiae. They also exhibited with the Amsterdamse Joffers. Them subjects included still lifes, portraits (particularly of children), and genre scenes from their Jewish neighborhood near the Prinseneiland river in Amsterdam.
Them work was included in the 1939 exhibition and sale Onze Kunst van Heden (Our Art of Today) at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
Franken died on 4 April 1945 in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, Germany.
References
External links
images of Franken's work on ArtNet
1884 births
1945 deaths
Dutch people who died in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp
Artists from Amsterdam
20th-century Dutch women artists
Dutch Jews who died in the Holocaust
Field hockey at the 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta and Palembang was held at the GBK Hockey Field, Jakarta, Indonesia from 19 August to 1 September 2018. A total of twelve men's and ten women's teams competed in each respective tournament.
The tournaments served as qualification for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Competition schedule
All times are local Indonesia Western Standard Time (UTC+7).
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Qualification
Men's qualification
Women's qualification
Men's competition
The competition consisted of two stages; a preliminary round followed by a final round.
Preliminary round
Pool A
Pool B
Final round
Women's competition
The competition consisted of two stages; a preliminary round followed by a final round.
Preliminary round
Pool A
Pool B
Final round
References
External links
Official Result Book – Hockey
2018 Asian Games events
2018
Asian Games
2018 Asian Games
The Women's 200 metre individual medley competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 18 and 19 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 18 June at 09:00.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 18 June at 19:04.
Final
The final was held on 19 June at 19:27.
References
Women's 200 metre individual medley
This paleoentomology list records new fossil insect taxa that were described during the year 2014, as well as notes other significant paleoentomology discoveries and events which occurred during that year.
Coleoptera
Diptera
Hemiptera
Hymenoptera
Neuroptera
Odonata
Other insects
References
2014 in paleontology
Arthropod paleontology
2014-related lists
Dracontomyia is a genus of the family Tephritidae, better known as fruit flies.
Species
Dracontomyia footei Aczél, 1953
Dracontomyia riveti Becker, 1919
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Diptera of South America
Taxa named by Theodor Becker
Daud, Nepal is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4321 living in 847 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
The Count of Crow's Nest is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in Home Monthly in October 1896.
Plot summary
At the Crow's Nest, a boarding house, Count de Koch and Harold Buchanan talk about literature. Once, Harold shows a book they have, with what they hope to be Lola Montez and Ludwig I of Bavaria's signatures. The Count takes out letters of theirs by these two historical figures, only to prove that it is not the latter's signature, although it is Lola's. The Count's daughter comes in and says these letters should be published. They make fun of their father's superseded aristocratic stance, and says they would lean towards the bourgeoisie. The two men agree to see them sing sometime later.
After their performance, which Harold deemed to be very poor, the Count leaves and Harold is invited to dinner with Tony and she. Then, they ask them to collect their father's letters and edit them into a book, to make money. They refuse, and is shocked by them mercenariness.
Later, the Count walks into their friend's room in the middle of the night as their letters have vanished. They both go to Helena's and eventually gets them back. The Count expresses grave despair at their daughter's lack of honour, the end of the aristocracy.
Characters
Harold Buchanan, out of college and looking for a job.
Count de Koch
a prima donna
a reviewer, failed novelist
Helena de Koch, the Count's daughter.  They are a singer by profession.
Tony, a tenor
Allusions to other works
Literature is mentioned through William Makepeace Thackeray, Norse mythology (especially Asgard, Honoré de Balzac's Pere Goriot, Andrew Lang's appreciation of Edgar Allan Poe as 'a gentleman among canaille' in Letters to Dead Authors, Théophile Gautier's La Morte Amoureuse and Fortunio, François Rabelais, Greek mythology (with Ares and Eros) William Shakespeare's Hamlet, Jean-Jacques Rousseau's Confessions, and Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
Music is mentioned through Nellie Melba, Felix Mendelssohn, and Joseph Haydn.
Painting is mentioned through Anthony van Dyck.
Allusions to actual history
The story is set before the World's Columbian Exposition.
Historical figures such as Beatrice Cenci, Empress Eugenie, Lola Montez, Ludwig I of Bavaria, Joséphine de Beauharnais, Napoleon, Julius Caesar, and Nicholas I of Russia are mentioned.
William Tell, a legendary figure, is also mentioned.
Literary significance and criticism
The Count of Crow's Nest was influenced by Anthony Hope's 1894 novel The Prisoner of Zenda, which Cather liked a lot. Others have also pointed out the influence of John Esten Cooke's 1880 The Virginia Bohemians.
The story has been deemed Jamesian.
References
External links
Full Text of Part One and Full Text of Part Two at the Willa Cather Archive
1896 short stories
Short stories by Willa Cather
Works originally published in Home Monthly
Callisto Pasuwa is a Zimbabwean soccer coach who is currently the head coach of the Malawian football Team Big Bullets FC.  They are also former coach of Dynamos Football Club. Pasuwa led Dynamos to four consecutive league titles as coach from 2011 to 2014 writing their own piece of history.
Background
Callisto Pasuwa (referred to as Kallisto in certain sections of the media) was born on 20 June 1970 in Mutare. They attended Mutare Boys High where they finished in 1990. Pasuwa is married.
Playing career
Club
Pasuwa is a former Dynamos player. They were part of the history making Dembare outfit that played in the African Champions league. They also won several league titles with the club. They also played alongside other Dembare legends such as Memory Mucherahowa, Stewart Murisa and Tauya Murehwa. During their playing days, Pasuwa was known for their midfield artistry and dribbling skills. They were also known for scoring goals occasionally.
Coaching career
Club
While Pasuwa was the coach at Dembare (a nickname for Dynamos F.C.), they also doubled as the national team assistant coach. It was however at Dembare that Pasuwa carved their name in the country's history books when they won four consecutive league titles. Many had expressed skepticism over Pasuwa's capacity to coach a well decorated outfit such as Dynamos after having taken over from Lloyd Mutasa whom they had been deputising. Pasuwa silenced their critics with four deserved league titles on the trot including other trophies such as the Mbada Diamonds Cup, Gushungo Victory Cup and the Bob 90 Cup.[1] During their successful stint at Dynamos, Pasuwa won 12 trophies which include four league titles, a record only them holds.
National Team
Pasuwa's coaching career with the national team both the under 23 and the senior side has been nothing short of exceptional. Despite a series of poor training facilities and planning on the part of ZIFA, Pasuwa has produced very impressive results. In an AFCON 2017 qualifier played against the flames of Malawi, the team traveled by bus after having trained as a unit for only a day but upset Malawi 2-1 on their home turf. They also followed the triumph of Malawi with another victory at Rufaro Stadium against the Comoros Islands in a CHAN qualifier. Pasuwa's appointment as senior national team coach had been after they had secured the qualification of the under 23 side to play in the Africa Games after dispatching continental powerhouses, Cameroon.[2] Following a series of broken promises by ZIFA to Callisto Pasuwa, they walked away from their job in mid 2015 just days before a crucial match with South Africa effectively throwing the country's hopes of partaking in the Olympics into doubt.[3] Despite ZIFA getting money amounting to US 1 million, they had not paid Pasuwa a cent, resulting in the coach quitting their job at the eleventh hour. They later returned to their job leading Zimbabwe to a third AFCON qualification after beating Malawi 3-0 at home, leading the country to qualification with a game to spare for the first time.
Awards
2011 Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League Winners Medal
2012 Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League Winners Medal
2013 Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League Winners Medal
2014 Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League Winners Medal
2012 Coach of the Year
Mbada Diamonds Cup
Bob @ 89 Challenge Cups
2017 AFCON qualification
[4]
Zimbabwean football managers
1970 births
Living people
2017 Africa Cup of Nations managers
Zimbabwean expatriate football managers
Glendale Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Hammond, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 13 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in an exclusively residential section of Hammond. It developed between about 1905 and 1926, and includes notable example of Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, Prairie School and Bungalow / American Craftsman styles of residential architecture. The houses are arranged along a parkway with Glendale Park in the center.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Indiana
Tudor Revival architecture in Indiana
Prairie School architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Hammond, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
The Bornean barbet (Psilopogon eximius) is a species of bird in the Megalaimidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia where it is endemic to the island of Borneo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Psilopogon
Endemic birds of Borneo
Birds described in 1892
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Anna Feore (born 23 November 1996) is a Canadian female volleyball player. They were part of the Canada women's national volleyball team and participated at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.
They played U Sports volleyball for the University of Toronto Varsity Blues for five seasons from 2014 to 2019 where they were a member of the 2016 national championship team.
References
External links
FIVB profile
Living people
1996 births
Canadian women's volleyball players
Liberos
Toronto Varsity Blues volleyball players
The 1969 American League Championship Series was the first ALCS held after Major League Baseball adopted the two-division format that season. It featured the Baltimore Orioles vs. the Minnesota Twins, with the Orioles winning the series 3–0 and advancing to the 1969 World Series, where they would lose to the New York Mets in five games. The Orioles and Twins would meet again the following year, with similar results.
This was the first of three straight appearances in the ALCS for the Orioles.
Summary
Minnesota Twins vs. Baltimore Orioles
Game summaries
Game 1
In the opener, Frank Robinson's home run in the fourth put the Orioles up 1–0 off of 20-game winner Jim Perry, but the Twins tied the game in the fifth inning when Tony Oliva hit a leadoff double off of Mike Cuellar, went to third on Robinson's error and scored on Bob Allison's sacrifice fly. Mark Belanger's home run in the bottom of the inning put the Orioles back in front 2–1, but Oliva's two-run home run in the seventh after a walk put the Twins up 3–2. In the ninth inning, Boog Powell tied the score with a home run over the right-field fence. Reliever Ron Perranoski, who worked in all three games, shut off Baltimore's offense at that point. Then, with two down in the 12th and Mark Belanger on third, Paul Blair stepped to the plate. Acting on their own, they bunted toward third. Neither third sacker Harmon Killebrew nor catcher John Roseboro could make the play as Belanger sped across the plate with the winning run. Dick Hall, who pitched two-thirds of an inning, was the winner. Perranoski did not allow a ball to leave the infield in the 12th, but was the loser nonetheless.
Game 2
Winner of 15 games in a row during the season, Dave McNally won the second game of the playoffs on their own shutout pitching and Curt Motton's 11th inning pinch-hit single. It scored Powell from second base with the only run of the game. Dave Boswell was the losing pitcher. McNally yielded only three hits, none after the fourth inning.
Game 3
The Orioles easily won this game and advanced to the World Series. Paul Blair, the swift center fielder who enjoyed a banner season, whacked five hits and drove in five runs. Left fielder Don Buford contributed four hits after going 0-for-9 in the first two games. Oriole Manager Earl Weaver employed a simple strategy to deal with Minnesota's Harmon Killebrew, AL MVP winner that year: Walk them in any dangerous situation. The Killer got nothing good to swing at until Game 3 was on ice. Baltimore pitchers walked them five times in the first two games and pitched to them only when they could not wreck them with one swing.
Rod Carew and Tony Oliva were the Twins' other top hitters during 1969. Carew, AL batting champ, was a dud in the playoffs, going 1-for-14. Oliva hit safely in each of the three games, including a home run in the opener, but was guilty of some shoddy fielding in the third game.
The Twins struck first in the bottom of the first off of Jim Palmer on Rich Reese's RBI single after a two-out double and intentional walk, but Elrod Hendricks's two-run double after a double and error put the Orioles up 2–1 in the second. Two outs later, Don Buford's RBI single made it 3–1 Orioles and knocked starter Bob Miller out of the game. Paul Blair's two-run double in the fourth off of Dick Woodson made it 5–1 Orioles. The Twins scored their last run of the series in the fifth when Harmon Killebrew doubled with two outs and scored on Reese's single. Frank Robinson's RBI single with two on off of Al Worthington made it 6–2 Orioles in the sixth. Blair's two-run home run in the eighth off of Dean Chance made it 8–2 Orioles. Next inning, Davey Johnson hit a leadoff single off of Chance, then scored on Hendricks's double off of Ron Perranoski while Hendricks themselves scored on an error. Mark Belanger singled and scored on Blair's two-out double. Palmer pitched a scoreless ninth to finish the series.
This Monday game at Metropolitan Stadium forced the NFL's Minnesota Vikings to play their game against division rival Green Bay the previous day at the University of Minnesota's Memorial Stadium in Minneapolis. It was the first NFL game played in a Big Ten stadium. That same day, because the Atlanta Braves were hosting Game 2 of the NLCS, the Atlanta Falcons had to move their home game against the Baltimore Colts from Atlanta Stadium to Grant Field on the campus of Georgia Tech.
Composite box
1969 ALCS (3–0): Baltimore Orioles over Minnesota Twins
References
External links
1969 ALCS at Baseball-Reference
American League Championship Series
American League Championship Series
1960s in Baltimore
1960s in Minneapolis
American League Championship Series
American League Championship Series
Baltimore Orioles postseason
Minnesota Twins postseason
American League Championship Series
Otero County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 18,690. The county seat is La Junta. The county was named for Miguel Antonio Otero, one of the founders of the town of La Junta and a member of a prominent Hispanic family.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Crowley County - north
Kiowa County - northeast
Bent County - east
Las Animas County - south
Pueblo County - west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 50
U.S. Highway 350
State Highway 10
State Highway 71
State Highway 109
State Highway 167
State Highway 207
State Highway 266
National protected areas
Bent's Old Fort National Historic Site
Comanche National Grassland
Santa Fe National Historic Trail
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Santa Fe Trail National Scenic Byway
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 20,311 people, 7,920 households, and 5,472 families living in the county. The population density was 16 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 8,813 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 79.02% White, 0.76% Black or African American, 1.43% Native American, 0.70% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 15.06% from other races, and 2.96% from two or more races. 37.62% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 7,920 households 32.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.70% were married couples living together, 12.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 27.80% of households were one person and 12.90% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.04.
The age distribution was 26.90% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 24.40% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 16.50% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 95.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.50 males.
The median household income was $29,738 and the median family income was $35,906. Males had a median income of $26,996 versus $21,001 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,113. About 14.20% of families and 18.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.90% of those under age 18 and 11.80% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Otero is a strongly Republican county, although less so than the counties of the Colorado High Plains. It was last won for the Democratic Party by Bill Clinton in 1996. Before that, Otero tended to be a Republican-leaning county at the Presidential level, although it did vote for Wilson twice, FDR in 1932 and 1936, Truman in 1948 and Lyndon Johnson in 1964.
Communities
City
La Junta
Rocky Ford
Towns
Cheraw
Fowler
Manzanola
Swink
Census-designated places
La Junta Gardens
North La Junta
See also
Index of Colorado-related articles
G.W. Swink, pioneer county commissioner
List of counties in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places listings in Otero County, Colorado
Outline of Colorado
References
External links
Otero County Homepage
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado counties
1889 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
Áron Csonka (; born 25 November 1976) is a politician in Serbia from the country's Hungarian national minority community. Since 2010, they have been the leader of the Democratic Fellowship of Vojvodina Hungarians (Vajdasági Magyarok Demokratikus Közössége, VMDK). They were a member of the Assembly of Vojvodina from 2016 to 2020.
Early life and private career
Csonka is a graduate of the University of Novi Sad's Faculty of Philosophy, holding a degree in Serbian language and literature. They were taught the Serbian language at the technical high school in Ada.
Politician
Early years (2000–10)
Csonka was first elected to the Ada municipal assembly in the 2000 Serbian local elections, which the VMDK contested in a local alliance with other Hungarian parties and the Democratic Party (Demokratska stranka, DS). They were re-elected in the 2004 local elections, in which the VMDK ran its own list and won three mandates. They also ran for the Ada constituency seat in the 2004 Vojvodina provincial election and was defeated.
The VMDK joined the Hungarian Coalition in 2008, and Csonka appeared in the lead position on the coalition's electoral list in Ada for the 2008 local elections. They were re-elected after the list won nine mandates. When the municipal assembly convened, they were chosen as its president (i.e., speaker) for the term that followed. Csonka also appeared on the Hungarian Coalition's lists in the 2008 Serbian parliamentary election and the 2008 Vojvodina provincial election, although they were not given a mandate at either level.
VMDK party leader (2010–present)
Csonka was chosen as the VMDK's leader in October 2010, following the unexpected death of Sándor Páll.
The VMDK contested the 2012 Serbian parliamentary election as part of the Together political coalition, and, as a party leader, Csonka was given the fifth position on the list. All Together won only a single mandate, which went to its lead candidate, Emir Elfić. Csonka was also defeated for the Ada constituency seat in the concurrent 2012 provincial election. The VMDK contested the 2012 local election in Ada on its own; Csonka led the party's list and was re-elected when it won a single mandate.
For the 2014 Serbian parliamentary election, the VMDK joined Boris Tadić's coalition list, and Csonka appeared in the fiftieth position. The list won eighteen mandates and they were not elected.
Csonka was elected to the Vojvodina assembly in the 2016 provincial election, which the VMDK contested with the Hungarian Movement; they appeared in the second position on the alliance's list and was elected when it won two mandates. The election was won by the Serbian Progressive Party (Srpska napredna stranka, SNS) and its allies, and Csonka served in opposition. They also led the alliance's list for Ada in the 2016 local elections and was elected to a fifth term locally when the list won two mandates. The VMDK did not contest the 2016 Serbian parliamentary election; Csonka encouraged the party's supporters to reject "chauvinist parties of the extreme right" and vote for "the guardians of the fire of democratic values ​​at the republic level."
The VMDK joined the Alliance for Serbia (Savez za Srbiju, SzS), a broad coalition of parties opposition to Aleksandar Vučić's administration, in 2019. It later joined the successor United Opposition of Serbia (Udružena Opozicija Srbije, UOPS) and boycotted the 2020 Serbian elections.
Hungarian community representative
Csonka is a supporter of increased autonomy for the Hungarian community in Vojvodina. In 2013, they were quoted as saying, "If 80,000 Serbs from four municipalities in Kosovo will get broad autonomy, the realization of which has already begun on the basis of the Brussels Agreement, in that case Hungarians in the southern regions [i.e., Vojvodina] rightly demand broad autonomy."
They were the VMDK's list bearer in the 2014 elections for Serbia's Hungarian National Council, though they chose to appear in the thirty-fifth and final position on its list. Election from this position was a statistical impossibility, and they were not elected when the list won two mandates.
Although the VMDK has sometimes co-operated with the rival Alliance of Vojvodina Hungarians (Vajdasági Magyar Szövetség, VMSZ), Csonka has often been critical of the party and its leader István Pásztor. In 2019, they accused the VMSZ of having become in some respects a branch of the SNS in Vojvodina.
Electoral record
Provincial (Vojvodina)
References
1976 births
Living people
People from Ada, Serbia
Hungarians in Vojvodina
Members of the Assembly of Vojvodina
Democratic Fellowship of Vojvodina Hungarians politicians
Asian fashion dolls are fashion dolls that are made by Asian manufacturers or primarily targeted to an Asian market. Some have received international attention, such as with Momoko Doll, and in 2005 the first annual Dollstyle convention was held in Tokyo.
Many of these dolls have anime style features. Clothing lines may include Asian themes and in some cases Asian names (such as "Momoko" or "Taeyang"). Some Asian fashion dolls are dominated by Western dress, such as with Momoko Doll's lineup, Pullip's wardrobe, or the extensive Jenny fashions.
Notable brands
Pureneemo dolls by Azone (:ja:アゾンインターナショナル)
Blythe by Takara, formerly by Kenner
Dollfie, Super Dollfie, and Dollfie Dream by Volks
Jenny by Takara
Kurhn doll (Chinese) by Foshan Kurhn Toys
Licca-chan by Takara
Momoko Doll by Petworks and Sekiguchi
Obitsu by Obitsu (:ja:オビツボディ)
Pullip from Cheonsang Cheonha of South Korea. Manufactured by Groove, formerly by JUN Planning
Sonokong dolls by Sonokong
smartdoll.jp by Danny Choo
YounJi by DollsKorea
Mimi by MimiWorld
See also
Ball-jointed doll
References
Fashion dolls
Francis Fane (5 December 1752 – 10 November 1813) of Spettisbury, near Blandford, Dorset, was a British Member of Parliament.
Life
Francis Fane was born on 5 December 1752, the third son of Henry Fane of Wormsley and their third wife Charlotte, daughter of Richard Luther of Miles, near Ongar in Essex. They were educated at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, graduating in 1768.
They were Member of Parliament for the constituency of Lyme Regis from 11 June 1777 until 1780 and for Dorchester in the Parliaments of 1790, 1796, 1802, 1806.
Family
Fane married Anne Cooke, who succeeded to their father's estates in Somerset and Dorset in 1777. They had no children.
Notes
References
1752 births
1813 deaths
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
British MPs 1774–1780
British MPs 1790–1796
British MPs 1796–1800
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Tory MPs (pre-1834)
UK MPs 1801–1802
UK MPs 1802–1806
UK MPs 1806–1807
Francis
Pilning is a village in South Gloucestershire, England, close to Redwick and Severn Beach. Pilning is close to the M4, M49 and A403 roads, and has the South Wales Main Line railway running through it, with a minor station.
The civil parish is Pilning and Severn Beach. The population at the 2011 census was 3,647. An electoral ward exists in the same name.
Because of the close proximity of the River Severn and the English Stones section of the river bed, Pilning has found itself the ideal place to make both a substantial railway tunnel and motorway bridge. The Severn Tunnel opened in 1885 and the Second Severn Crossing opened in 1996.
Landmarks
The village is home to St Peters Primary School and a number of other amenities including a shop, a doctor's surgery, and several pubs such as The King's Arms. The Plough Inn hosts a jazz evening on the first Sunday of every month. Pilning Cricket Club was established in 1883.
The parish church of St Peter was completed in 1855 (consecrated 9 August), the principal architect was Thomas Henry Wyatt with H. Crisp. It also has a late 20th-century south extension in same style. It is a grade II listed building. The village also contains the St Mary's Indian Orthodox Church.
Pilning had an annual Carnival, and an amateur dramatic society, "The Village Players". At Christmas 2015 the "Players" put on a pantomime production of "Mother Goose".
See also
Pilning railway station
References
External links
Pilning village website
Pilning and Severn Beach Parish Council
St Peters Primary School
Villages in South Gloucestershire District
Louise Henrietta of Nassau (, ; 7 December 1627 – 18 June 1667) was a Countess of Nassau, granddaughter of William I, Prince of Orange, "William the Silent", and an Electress of Brandenburg.
Biography
Louise Henriëtte was born in The Hague, the eldest daughter of Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange, and Amalia of Solms-Braunfels. They grew up at the court of their father, the Stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Guelders and Overijssel.
Marriage
Louise Henriëtte had to abandon their love for Henri Charles de La Trémoille, Prince of Talmant, son of Henry de La Trémoille, as their mother had royal ambitions for them However, attempts to conclude an engagement with King Charles II of England came to nothing. Finally they were forced to marry Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg (1620-1688), "the Great Elector," at The Hague on 7 December 1646, their nineteenth birthday.
The Electorate of Brandenburg regarded this marriage as beneficial by reason of the connections with the Orange family it created in the hope of obtaining assistance for Brandenburg's struggle for influence in Pomerania.
Electress
The couple lived in Cleves for the first years of their marriage, but they moved to Brandenburg, Frederick William's seat, in 1648. During their marriage, Louise Henriëtte followed their spouse and traveled between The Hague, Königsberg, Berlin and Cleves on campaigns, inspections, war and battle fields in Poland and Denmark. They acted as their husband's political adviser and was described as a pragmatist. They managed, through correspondence with the Queen of Poland, Marie Louise Gonzaga, to make an alliance with Poland in exchange for the Polish recognition of Prussia as a province of Brandenburg. It was said of them : "Few Electresses had been allowed so much influence".
Louise Henriëtte had a new castle in Dutch style built in Bötzow in 1650-52 and called it Oranienburg, which became the name for the entire town in 1653.
They were also involved in the design and development of the Lustgarten in Berlin. In 1663, they installed the first porcelain cabinet in Europe. In 1665, they founded an orphanage with places for 24 children.
They were described as truly kind and gentle with a sharp intellect: their advice was vital for their spouse, and their marriage was considered a role model. During time of war, they made great efforts to soften the damages upon society.
A Protestant religious community known as the Luise-Henrietten-Stift in nearby Lehnin Abbey was named after them
Children
With Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg, they had six children.
William Henry (1648-1649)
Charles (1655-1674)
Frederick (1657-1713), the first King in Prussia
Amalie (1664-1664)
Henry (1664-1664)
Louis (1666-1687), married Ludwika Karolina Radziwiłł
Luise Henriette died in Berlin and was buried in the Berliner Dom.
Ancestry
External links
http://www.spsg.de/index.php?id=129
coloured painting of Prinzessin Luise Henriette von Oranien-Nassau, later Kurfürstin von Brandenburg
|-
|-
1627 births
1667 deaths
17th-century Dutch women
Nobility from The Hague
House of Orange-Nassau
Consorts of Brandenburg
Prussian royal consorts
Electresses of Brandenburg
Countesses of Nassau
Duchesses of Prussia
House of Hohenzollern
Burials at Berlin Cathedral
Ashmyany District () is a district in Grodno Region of Belarus.
The administrative center is Ashmyany.
Notable residents
Jazep Hermanovich (1890, Halshany - 1978), Belarusian Eastern Catholic priest, writer, poet and Gulag survivor
Zygmunt Mineyko (1840, Zialony Bor – 1925), a leading figure of the January Uprising on the territory of Belarus
Janka Viarsocki (in Belarusian Янка Вярсоцкі)(1888, Halshany - 1937), Belarusian religious and political activist of the early 20th century, victim of the Soviet repressions
References
Districts of Grodno Region
Aşağıkaraman is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
The Clipperton Fracture Zone, also known as the Clarion-Clipperton Zone, is a geological submarine fracture zone of the Pacific Ocean, with a length of around 4500 miles (7240 km). The zone spans approximately . It is one of the five major lineations of the northern Pacific floor, south of the Clarion Fracture Zone, discovered by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in 1950. The fracture, an unusually mountainous topographical feature, begins east-northeast of the Line Islands and ends in the Middle America Trench off the coast of Central America. It roughly forms a line on the same latitude as Kiribati and Clipperton Island.
In 2016, the seafloor in the Clipperton Fracture Zone – an area being researched for deep-sea mining due to the abundant presence of manganese nodule resources – was also found to contain an abundance and diversity of life, with more than half of the species collected being new to science. The zone is sometimes referred to as the Clarion-Clipperton Fracture Zone (CCFZ), with reference to Clarion Island at the northern edge of the zone.
Geography
The fracture can be divided into four distinct parts:
The first, 127°–113° W, is a broad, low welt of some 900 miles, with a central trough 10 to 30 miles wide;
The second, 113°-107° W, is a volcano enriched ridge, 60 miles wide and 330 miles long;
The third, 107°-101° W, is a low welt with a central trough 1,200–2,400 feet deep which transects the Albatross Plateau; and
The fourth, 101°-96° W, contains the Tehuantepec Ridge which extends 400 miles northeast to the continental margin.
The Nova-Canton Trough is often seen as an extension of the fracture.
Deep sea mining
The zone, which is administered by the International Seabed Authority (ISA), contains nodules made up of various rare-earth elements dubbed as playing an essential role for the energy transition to a low carbon economy. The zone has been divided into 16 mining claims spanning approximately . Further nine areas, each covering , have been set aside for conservation. The International Seabed Authority estimates that the total amount of nodules in the Clarion Clipperton Zone exceeds 21 billion tons (Bt), containing about 5.95 Bt of manganese, 0.27 Bt of nickel, 0.23 Bt of copper and 0.05 Bt of cobalt. The ISA has issued 19 licences for deep-sea mining exploration within this area. Exploratory full-scale extraction operations are set to begin in late 2021. The ISA are aiming to publish the deep sea mining code in July 2023 though there is contention if they will meet this deadline, commercial licences will be accepted for review thereafter. These nodules are seeded by biogenic processes, micronodules are then further aggregated and accreted into the large clumps targeted for harvesting.
Areas of the fracture zone that have been licensed for mining are home to a diversity of deep-sea xenophyophores, with a 2017 study finding 34 species new to science in the area. As xenophyophores are highly sensitive to human disturbances, deep-sea mining may have adverse effects on the group; further, as they play a keystone role in benthic ecosystems their removal could amplify ecological consequences. Research is being conducted by different research organisations, including Massachusetts Institute of Technology and TU Delft, who have observer status in the International Seabed Authority, in order to fully investigate the potential impact of collecting these elements and compare it to the extensively researched environmental and human impact of terrestrial mining, with the intention of mitigating these impacts through policy. It is currently unknown how the release of tailings from nodule processing into the water column would affect pelagic organisms or the detrimental effects they may have on the benthic communities below.
Environmental concerns about deep sea mining
Deep sea mining has the potential for large impacts on the environment, specifically the polymetallic nodules found in this area are considered "critical for food web integrity". In April 2021 scientists from JPI oceans project travelled to the CCZ to carry out more in depth studies into the mining technology and its possible effect on the seabed. Major NGO's and governments have called for a moratorium on deep sea mining within the deep sea until more is known about potential environmental impacts.
References
Fracture zones
Pacific Ocean
Mining
Environmental conservation
Khaki University (initially Khaki College or University of Vimy Ridge) was a Canadian overseas educational institution set up and managed by the general staff of the Canadian Expeditionary Force (CEF) in Britain 1917–19 during the First World War. The system, named for the khaki-coloured uniforms of the CEF, was set up by the efforts of Henry Marshall Tory and Edmund Henry Oliver and was supported by the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA). This university with makeshift colleges mainly in central England provided education on a range of subjects to more than 50,000 soldiers and the certificates given were accepted by Canadian universities. The term was used again for Canadian educational programs for veterans from 1945–46 after the Second World War.
History
The scheme for education of Canadian army soldiers serving in Europe during the First World War evolved from classes conducted by army chaplains. They noted the need for books and courses and to provide vocational training for soldiers following demobilization. In the winter of 1917–18 chaplain Edmund Henry Oliver started what they called the "University of Vimy Ridge" in Flanders. The idea was given more support by Colonel Henry Marshall Tory with collaboration from Canadian Universities to start "Khaki colleges" in England. Oliver also worked with Colonel G.W. Birks who headed the YMCA. On December 16, 1917 Oliver met Lt.General Sir Arthur Currie who assigned Oliver as Officer in Charge of Technical and Vocational Education. Initially the scheme in France under Oliver and the scheme in England under Tory had considerable differences. Colonel Tory's plan for a more formal "Khaki University" was approved on November 8, 1918 and provided for the establishment of a Department of Educational Services in the Overseas Forces of Canada, the Khaki University of Canada. The Khaki colleges initially included a range of subjects from secondary, high school and matriculation to provide prerequisites for entry into Canadian and British universities. The scheme was backed by the Canadian general including Sir Robert Borden. The YMCA raised $500,000 and by armistice day about 14 colleges across England were in operation. Nearly 650000 soldiers attended the lectures with an enrolment of 50000 and nearly 2000 registered at the Khaki University at Ripon.
Founders
Padres and officers had organized educational classes and Bible study groups for enlisted men from the start of the Great War in 1914. Although Padres J.M. Almond and Clarence MacKinnon wanted the Khaki University under the control of the chaplain services, ultimately, a formal educational program was implemented among their soldiers.
Gerald Birks
Colonel Gerald Birks, a World War I double flying ace with the Royal Flying Corps, supervisor of the YMCA Canadian Overseas, sought to offer educational courses to keep soldiers busy in their spare time with a view to stave off the evils of gambling and / or drinking. They asked Henry Marshall Tory to write a report which recommended the formalization of educational services of Canadian forces overseas. After the War, Birks became a business person, patron of the arts, was a painter and philanthropist.
Henry Marshall Tory
The programs were formalized in 1916 once Dr Henry Marshall Tory recommended in a report on discharged men from the army the establishment of an educational institution in England and France, to be called the Khaki College of Canada, with an extension department providing services for other camps in Great Britain. The educational services of Canadian forces overseas was organized and planned by Dr Henry Marshall Tory who became president of the Khaki College in 1917, while they were on leave as president of the University of Alberta. After the War, Tory returned as President of the University of Alberta, then founded colleges which became Carleton University and the University of British Columbia.
Arthur Currie
General Arthur Currie approved Khaki University as a component of the training for all soldiers in all divisions on 18 December 1917. After the War, Currie became the President and Vice Chancellor of McGill University in Montreal, Quebec. Under the general staff of the Canadian Army, the Khaki College became the educational services of Canadian Forces overseas in 1918. The program, which grew from the chaplain services of the Canadian Army and study groups of the Canadian of the YMCA, was a forerunner of similar programs in the military forces of other countries.
Mission
The goals were to provide morale during the war and for demobilized personnel, and to provide personnel an opportunity to continue their education in postwar preparation. Initially, the university-educated chaplains and officers acted as instructors, spiritual counsellors and guardians of morality. Once the Khaki University was formally recognized by the government, universities began to send professors to Europe to help the skeleton force of teachers from military headquarters teach. Khaki University credits were recognized as equivalent to those of Canadian institutions.
France
Major-General L.J. Lipsett organized the first educational courses. Captain Edmund H. Oliver became head of the University of Vimy Ridge (UVR), a component of the Khaki University. Oliver was a Chaplain in the 4th Divisional Wing and former Principal of the Presbyterian Theological College in Saskatoon, set up a course of instruction for soldiers in the 3rd Infantry Division, then fighting on the Western Front. Captain Edmund H. Oliver wrote "It was felt by the GOC, 3rd Division, that the long evenings of winter during the period when the men were in rest or in reserve could be utilized not only to relieve the monotony of the daily routine, but as well, in some measure, to equip men for greater efficiency in business, the professions, agriculture and the other great industries of the Dominion." The name was suggested by their executive assistant, Rev. Cpt. William Gilmour (1880–1938), after the great victory at the Battle of Vimy Ridge a few months earlier:
Programs
In 1917, 19 education centres were organized in the camps and hospitals in England and in France. About 50 000 soldiers taking courses part-time in agriculture, business education, mechanics, teacher training, legal studies and medical instruction. Designed to be inclusive, courses spanned commercial subjects; practical science; agriculture; literacy, languages; matriculation work, undergraduate university courses; and subjects like singing, elocution and cooking. In addition, practical trades like carpentry were offered. Khaki university taught illiterate men to read and write all the way to the instruction of 1,000 Canadian soldiers enrolled in university-level students. The training was delivered via lectures, small study and reading groups, classes and directed readings and practical hands-on training. Libraries were established and textbooks were approved by all Canadian provinces. In England, there were 11 Khaki Colleges by May 1918, with 400 Canadians taking courses at London University. In some cases, noted scholars and public figures such as Bernard Shaw lectured at the camp educational classes. During this period, one of the commanding officers was Canadian historian W. Stewart Wallace.
Post-War
In 1939, the Canadian Legion Educational Services were established for Canadian Armed Forces at home and abroad.
Legislation
In 1939, the War Emergency Training Program was established. In 1942, the Canadian federal government established the Federal Vocational Training Coordination Act. In 1944, the Canadian federal government established the Veterans' Rehabilitation Act. The Federal Apprenticeship Training Agreement (1944) was established followed by The Federal Vocational Schools Assistance Agreement (1945). In 1951, the War Emergency Training Program was re-established due to the Korean War.
Second World War
During the Second World War, Brigadier Ted G. E. Beament was appointed Officer Commanding the Khaki University (principal). An extension department provided services for other camps in Great Britain and France. Beament was awarded the Governor General's Gold Medal upon their graduation from the Royal Military College of Canada (RMC) in 1929. Beament was awarded the Czechoslovakian Military Cross at the beginning of 1946.
On their staff was Lieutenant-Colonel Tom F. Gelley, who taught History and English at the RMC prior to the war and was the registrar of RMC following it. Major John F. Twiss was a professor of mathematics at the RMC both pre- and post-war. After the war, Beament was a prominent Ottawa lawyer who served as President of the RMC Club in 1952.
References
External links
A Khaki University for Canadian soldiers by H.M. Tory (1917)
Khaki University at The Canadian Encyclopedia
Henry Marshall Tory Fonds
Defunct Canadian military colleges
Educational institutions established in 1917
Military history of Canada
1917 establishments in the United Kingdom
Alexander Vlassov (; born 25 February 1955) is a former Soviet pair skater who currently works as a coach. With partner Irina Vorobieva, they won the silver medal at the 1977 World Figure Skating Championships and the silver medal at the 1977 European Figure Skating Championships. They placed 4th at the 1976 Winter Olympics. They were coached by Tamara Moskvina. They later skated with Zhanna Ilina.
Family
Vlassov is the father and coach of Julia Vlassov. Currently Alexander and their wife Laura are working as a figure skating coaches in Washington, DC
Competitive highlights
With Vorobieva
1974 Spartakiada results used for Soviet Nationals
With Ilina
References
Links
Skatabase: 1970s Europeans
Skatabase: 1970s Worlds
Soviet male pair skaters
Olympic figure skaters of the Soviet Union
Figure skaters at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Living people
1955 births
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
Russian expatriates in the United States
Sundae Town is an area of Seoul, South Korea in the Sillim-dong division of the city. Sundae Town is known for a style of South Korean street food called sundae bokkeum and involves stuffing dangmyeon (noodles) and vegetables mixed with pigs blood into sausage-like casings. The 'sausages' are then steamed and have a similar consistency to black pudding or other similar blood sausage products.
The area's origins date from a sundae bokkeum restaurant in Sillim market. The market was replaced in the early 1990s by a shopping center but many restaurants continue the tradition and as of 2019, there were thirty restaurants serving it.
References
Neighbourhoods of Gwanak-gu
The Amur-class submarine (named for the Amur River), is one of the latest Russian submarine designs. It is advertised as an export version of the , a modernized version of the with improved acoustic stealth, new combat systems, and an option for air-independent propulsion (AIP).
The new vessels are the fourth generation of the Kilo submarine family, with two models developed.
As advertised, the Amur-1650 is larger and intended for longer missions. The Amur-950 is armed with a VLS missile system capable of salvo-fire at multiple predesignated targets. Sonar signatures of these submarines are several times lower than the older Kilo-class submarines. Both designs are equipped with electronic warfare armament of the newer generation created on the basis of the latest science and technology. They can be outfitted with AIP fuel cells, considerably improving submerged endurance and range. AIP capability can be added in a hull extension plug either during new build construction, or as a refit to existing boats.
The builder said these vessels can operate in all areas of the world except areas with solid ice cover, in all weather conditions, and in shallow and deep water.
Construction
Rubin Central Design Bureau's chief designer for the Amur-1650 and -950 is Yuri Kormilitsyn. As the further development of ideas already implemented in Kilo-class submarines, Amur-class boats are single-hulled, with minimal displacement, allowing for reduced noise signature and improved propulsion quality. A totally new main electric engine using permanent magnets is in development/construction and projected to give high energy conversion efficiency even at low cruise speeds.
At the Army-2022 forum, another design - the Amur e600 - envisaged a submarine with all-electric propulsion and no sail. The design reportedly involved a submarine with lithium based battery technologies that might provide it with endurance of 17 days. It was not clear whether the design would proceed to construction.
Planned versions
Operators
No boats of this class have been built yet. Russia has offered the sub for sale to India, but in 2005, India ordered s instead. On 4 July 2013, Rosoboronexport announced they will offer the Amur 1650 to the Moroccan Navy if they announce a tender for new submarines. In 2021 there were negotiations between Russia and Argentina regarding the license production of Amur 1650 by Tandanor as part of a bigger arms deal.
See also
List of Soviet and Russian submarine classes
Future of the Russian Navy
Cruise missile submarine
Attack submarine
References
External links
Russian and Soviet navy submarine classes
Attack submarines
Proposed ships
The United States Department of Defense has a large number of temporary military bases in Iraq, most a type of forward operating base (FOB).
Depending on their size or utility, the installations were called: Camp, Forward Operating Base (FOB), Contingency Operating Base (COB), Contingency Operating Site (COS), Combat Outpost (COP), Patrol Base (PB), Outpost, Logistic Base (Log Base), Fire Base (FB), Convoy Support Center (CSC), Logistic Support Area (LSA) and Joint Security Station (JSS).
Near the end of Occupation of Iraq (2003–2011), the last several Camps and Forward Operating Bases were changed to Contingency Operating Bases and Sites.
At the height of the occupation, the United States had 239,000 troops stationed in 505 bases throughout Iraq. Another 135,000 contractors were also working in Iraq.
Due to International military intervention against ISIL, personnel have returned to old bases and new bases created. Control of many U.S.-operated bases was transferred to the Iraqi government during the 2020–2021 U.S. troop withdrawal.
Airfields
Camps
Combat Outpost (COP)
Contingency Operating Base (COB)
Contingency Operating Site (COS)
Firebase (FB)
Forward Operating Base (FOB)
Joint Base (JB)
Joint Security Station (JSS)
Patrol Base (PB)
Other nomenclatures
Victory Base Complex (VBC), a cluster of installations surrounding the Baghdad International Airport (BIAP). Successively headquarters for Multi-National Force - Iraq and United States Forces - Iraq.
al-Faw Palace, part of the Victory Base Complex, headquarters of the United States Forces - Iraq in Baghdad
References
External links
Map of Army Installations in Iraq
Iraq facilities on www.globalsecurity.org
United States Army lists
Salur, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Paraia is a genus of plant in family Lauraceae. It is a Neotropical genus with just one species, Paraia bracteata, native to the south-east of Brazil.
The genus was described in 1991.
Paraia is a hardwood evergreen tree that usually grows to 8 m tall; one individual has been recorded as 20 m.
It occurs in an extensive area in the Brazilian states of Pará and Amazonas, in the drainage area of the Amazon Basin to the Atlantic rainforest of southern Brazil at the Trombetas River.
The fruit is a berry.
References
Lauraceae genera
Monotypic Laurales genera
Endemic flora of Brazil
Underground is the seventh studio album that Thelonious Monk recorded for Columbia Records. It features Monk on piano, Larry Gales on bass, Charlie Rouse on tenor sax, and Ben Riley on drums. This is the last Monk album featuring the Thelonious Monk Quartet.
Its cover image depicts Monk as a French Resistance fighter in the Second World War, an homage to longtime patroness and friend Pannonica de Koenigswarter, who had served in the resistance, and whose likeness also appears on the cover. It won the Grammy Award for Best Album Cover.
Music
"Green Chimneys" is named after the school attended by Monk's daughter.
For "In Walked Bud", Jon Hendricks added lyrics.
Track listing
All songs composed by Thelonious Monk unless otherwise noted.
Original LP
Side One
"Thelonious" - 3:14
"Ugly Beauty" - 7:20
"Raise Four" - 4:36
"Boo Boo's Birthday" - 5:56
Side Two
"Easy Street" (A.R. Jones) - 5:52
"Green Chimneys" - 9:00
"In Walked Bud" - 4:17
CD re-issue
"Thelonious" – 3:13
"Ugly Beauty" – 3:17
"Raise Four" – 5:47
"Boo Boo's Birthday" – 5:56
"Easy Street" (Alan Rankin Jones) – 5:53
"Green Chimneys" – 9:00
"In Walked Bud" (Jon Hendricks, Monk) – 4:17
Special Edition
"Thelonious" – 3:16
"Ugly Beauty" – 10:45
"Raise Four" – 7:00
"Boo Boo's Birthday (Take 11)" – 5:55
"Easy Street" – 7:50
"Green Chimneys" – 13:09
"In Walked Bud" – 6:48
"Ugly Beauty (Take 4)" – 7:37
"Boo Boo's Birthday (Take 2)" – 5:34
"Thelonious (Take 3)" – 3:10
Personnel
Musicians
Thelonious Monk – piano
Charlie Rouse – tenor saxophone
Larry Gales – bass
Ben Riley – drums
Jon Hendricks – vocals on "In Walked Bud"
Production
Teo Macero – production
Tim Geelan – engineering
Horn Grinner Studios – photography
John Berg, Richard Mantel – art direction
References
Columbia Records albums
Thelonious Monk albums
1968 albums
Aki Ra (sometimes written Akira, born ) is a former Khmer Rouge conscripted child soldier who works as a deminer and museum curator in Siem Reap, Cambodia. They have devoted their life to removing landmines in Cambodia and to caring for young landmine victims. Aki Ra states that since 1992 they have personally removed and destroyed as many as 50,000 landmines, and is the founder of the Cambodian Landmine Museum.
Early life
Aki Ra is unsure of their age, but believes they were born in 1970 or 1973. Their parents were killed by the Khmer Rouge. Orphaned in a Khmer Rouge camp, they were taken in by a woman named Yourn who raised them and several other orphaned children. Like many others, they soon became a child soldier once their strength became sufficient to make them useful to local Khmer Rouge military commanders. When the Vietnamese army invaded Cambodia with the intention of toppling the Khmer Rouge political regime, they were taken into the custody of Vietnamese soldiers. Later they enlisted with the Kampuchean People's Revolutionary Armed Forces formed by the new government, the People's Republic of Kampuchea. Their duties included placing landmines along the mined area on Cambodia's border with Thailand.
The name "Aki Ra" was given to them by a Japanese acquaintance and is not their birth name. They were born Eoun Yeak, but one of their supervisors once compared their efficiency to AKIRA, a heavy-duty appliance company in Japan.
Landmine clearing
Having laid thousands of landmines as a soldier, Aki Ra found employment as a deminer with the UN in 1991. After leaving UNMAS in 1992, they continued disarming and removing mines in their community. Having no demining tools, they used a knife, a hoe, a Leatherman and a stick. They would defuse the landmines and UXOs (unexploded ordnance) they found in small villages and bring home the empty casings. Sometimes they would sell them as scrap to help fund their work.
Tourists began hearing stories about a young Khmer man who cleared landmines with a stick and had a house full of defused ordnance. in 1999 Aki Ra began charging a dollar to see their collection, using the money to help further their activities. Thus began the Cambodian Landmine Museum.
Aki Ra cleared landmines where they had fought, when they heard about an accident, or when village chiefs and farmers would call them at the museum and tell them of mines in their villages and ask for their help. They conducted informal mine risk education groups to teach people about the dangers of unexploded ordnance and landmines.
Adopted children
While working in these villages they found many injured and abandoned children. They brought them home to live with them and their wife Hourt. Some of the children who moved to their home were also street kids from Siem Reap and Phnom Penh. Eventually they brought home over two dozen boys and girls.
In early 2009, a boy came to live with Aki Ra and Hourt who had lost an arm and most of a hand to a cluster munition. They were working with their uncle in a field near Battambang, west of Siem Reap when they found an explosive probably left over from the Cambodian Civil War. Aki Ra found them in the hospital and told their family about the museum. They now live there and attends school. Today, 29 children live at the Cambodia Landmine Museum Relief Center. In the past they were mainly landmine victims, but now they also include children born without limbs, polio victims, and some with HIV; some are orphans and some have parents who cannot afford to raise them. Funds from the museum are entirely dedicated to the support of these children to feed them, clothe them, and send them to school.
Cambodian Self Help Demining
Cambodian government authorities soon tried to close down the museum, and Aki Ra was required to cease their "uncertified" demining activities after being briefly imprisoned in 2001 and again in 2006. In 2005 they went to London where they were trained on ordnance disposal from the International School of Security and Explosives Education. In 2008 with the help of Landmine Relief Fund, an American charity, and the Vietnam Veterans Mine Clearing Team – Cambodia, an Australian veterans group, they obtained full certification as a deminer and established a new NGO, Cambodian Self Help Demining (CSHD). It is certified by the Cambodian Mine Action Authority which also regularly inspects ordnance displayed in the museum. The Landmine Relief Fund has had a representative in the country working with CSHD. Generous support has also been provided by film producer Richard Fitoussi and film director Tom Shadyac.
The Landmine Museum was relocated and reopened in 2008.
CSHD's charter is to clear small villages, areas considered "low priority" for other international demining organizations, who are busy in "high priority" areas. In its first year of activity CSHD cleared 163,000 square meters of land and put over 2,400 people back on land that had been too dangerous to farm or live on. CSHD did this for an average cost of US$4,314 per month.
CSHD is funded primarily by its American and Australian partners, the Landmine Relief Fund and the Vietnam Veterans Mine Clearing Team – Cambodia. In 2009 the United States Department of State, Office of Weapons Removal and Abatement granted the Landmine Relief Fund US$100,000 to help CSHD in their work to clear ERW (explosive remnants of war) in "low priority villages" in Cambodia. Ongoing funding is uncertain as CSHD must compete with larger demining NGOs such as Mines Advisory Group and Halo Trust.
Recognition
In 2005 the book Children and the Akira Landmines Museum was published in Japanese, listing Aki Ra as the principal author.
In 2006, Mitsurin Shōnen ~Jungle Boy~ manga by Akira Fukaya was published. The manga not only reports Aki Ra's story, but also the meetings the author had with Aki Ra. A second tome has been published in 2007 and a French translation, Enfant Soldat, has been published in 2009 by Éditions Delcourt.
The documentary film A Perfect Soldier, describing Aki Ra's life, was released in 2010.
In July 2010 Aki Ra was selected as a CNN Hero. In September they were chosen as a Top 10 CNN Hero for 2010.
On 12 August 2012 Aki Ra was honored by the Manhae Foundation in South Korea with the 2012 Manhae Foundation Grand Prize for Peace. In February 2013 Aki Ra received the Paul P. Harris Fellowship for peace and conflict resolution from the Rotary Club of Gravenhurst, Ontario.
Personal life
The documentary film A Perfect Soldier implies that Aki Ra has suffered psychological problems, including depression, mood swings, nightmares and anxiety, as a result of their traumatic experiences as a soldier.
Several sources state that Aki Ra has had health problems due to their chronic, repeated exposure to explosive chemicals such as TNT and RDX.
In August 2018 Aki Ra was arrested for keeping defused, inert munitions on display at the Cambodian Landmine Museum. They were accused of lacking permits to display the munitions. The museum was closed for three months, but has since reopened.
See also
Cambodian Self Help Demining
Cambodian Landmine Museum
References
External links
The Cambodia Landmine Museum
Cambodian Self Help Demining
Cambodian Mine Action Center
Project Enlighten
Year Zero, Story of a Khmer Rouge Soldier
Vietnam Veterans Mine Clearing Team – Cambodia
YouTube Video for Cambodian Self Help Demining
1970s births
Cambodian genocide survivors
Cambodian military personnel
Child soldiers
Living people
The 2019–20 Liga II is the 7th season, since its reintroduction in 2013, of the second level women's football league of the Romanian football league system. The number of teams was reduced from 16 to 14. Therefore, 14 teams divided in 2 series were to play in the competition that consists of a double round-robin lasting 12 stages, totaling 84 matches. Since one team withdrew before the start of the competition, the total number of matches to be played became 72. However, only the first half of the season was played (36 games), until the season was frozen due to the 2019-20 coronavirus pandemic.
Team changes
To Liga II
Promoted from Liga III
Carmen București (winners of 2018-19 Liga III, Seria I)
CN Nicu Gane Fălticeni (winners of 2018-19 Liga III, Seria II)
CSM Târgu Mureș (winners of 2018-19 Liga III, Seria III)
ACS Atletic Drobeta-Turnu-Severin (runners-up of 2018-19 Liga III, Seria I)
From Liga II
Promoted to Liga I
Selena SN Constanța (winners of 2018-19 Liga II, Seria I)
Piroș Security Lioness Arad (winners of 2018-19 Liga II, Seria I)
Luceafărul Filiași (winners of 2018-19 Liga II Promotion Play-off)
Relegated to Liga III
Viitorul Reghin (4th place in the 2018-19 Liga II, Seria I decided to enroll in Liga III, Seria III)
Măgura 2012 Bacău (8th place in the 2018-19 Liga II decided to enroll in Liga III, Seria IV)
Disbanded
CS Ineu (8th place in 2017-18 Liga II, Seria I, disbanded at senior level)
Excluded and spared teams
Viitorul Reghin requested to be enrolled in Liga III for the 2019–20 season, so Măgura 2012 Bacău (8th place in 2018-19 Liga II, Seria I) could have been spared from relegation due to lack of teams. However, Măgura 2012 Bacău decided to play in Liga III anyway. Due to this vacated spot, ACS Atletic Drobeta-Turnu-Severin was promoted to Liga II.
Renamed teams
Sporting Lugaș changed its name to ACS United Bihor at the start of the 2018–19 season.
Stadiums by capacity and location
Seria I
Seria II
Seria I Season results
Seria I League table
Seria I Result
Seria II Season results
Seria II League table
Seria II Results
References
External links
Official site
Rom
Fem
Women's football in Romania
Necropolitics is the use of social and political power to dictate how some people may live and how some must die. The deployment of necropolitics creates what Achille Mbembe calls deathworlds, or "new and unique forms of social existence in which vast populations are subjected to living conditions that confer upon them the status of the living dead." Mbembe, author of On the Postcolony, was the first scholar to explore the term in depth in their 2003 article, and later, their 2019 book of the same name. Mbembe identifies racism as a prime driver of necropolitics, stating that racialized people's lives are systemically cheapened and habituated to loss.
Concept
Necropolitics is often discussed as an extension of biopower, the Foucauldian term for the use of social and political power to control people's lives. Foucault first discusses the concepts of biopower and biopolitics in their 1976 work, The Will to Knowledge: The History of Sexuality Volume I. Foucault presents biopower as a mechanism for "protecting", but acknowledges that this protection often manifests itself as subjugation of non-normative populations. The creation and maintenance of institutions that prioritize certain populations as more valuable is, according to Foucault, how population control has been normalized.
Mbembe's concept of necropolitics acknowledges that contemporary state-sponsored death cannot be explained by the theories of biopower and biopolitics, stating that "under the conditions of necropower, the lines between resistance and suicide, sacrifice and redemption, martyrdom and freedom are blurred." Jasbir Puar assumes that discussions of biopolitics and necropolitics must be intertwined, because "the latter makes its presence known at the limits and through the excess of the former; [while] the former masks the multiplicity of its relationships to death and killing in order to enable the proliferation of the latter."
Mbembe was clear that necropolitics is more than simply a right to kill (Foucault's droit de glaive). While their view of necropolitics does include various forms of political violence such as the right to impose social or civil death, and the right to enslave others, it is also about the right to expose other people (including a country's own citizens) to mortal danger and death. Cultural theorist Lauren Berlant calls this gradual and persistent process of elimination slow death. According to Berlant, only specific populations are "marked out for wearing out" and the conditions of being worn out and dying are intimately linked with "the ordinary reproduction of [daily] life."
Necropolitics is a theory of the walking dead, in which specific bodies are forced to remain in suspended states of being located somewhere between life and death. Mbembe provided a way of analyzing these "contemporary forms of subjugation of life to the power of death." They utilized examples of slavery, apartheid, the colonization of Palestine and the figure of the suicide bomber to illustrate differing forms of necropower over the body (statist, racialized, a state of exception, urgency, martyrdom) and how this reduces people to precarious life conditions.
Living death
Mbembe's understanding of sovereignty, according to which the living are characterized as "free and equal men and women," informs how they expand the definition of necropolitics to include not only individuals experiencing death, but also experiencing social or political death. An individual unable to set their own limitations due to social or political interference is then considered, by Mbembe, to not be truly alive, as they are no longer sovereign over their own body. The ability for a state to subjugate populations so much so that they do not have the liberty of autonomy over their lives is an example of necropolitics. This creates zones of existence for the living dead, those who no longer have sovereignty over their own body. R. Guy Emerson writes that necropolitics exists beyond the limits of administrative or state power being imposed on bodies, but also becomes internalized, coming to control behaviors over fear of death or fear of exposure to death worlds.
Frédéric Le Marcis discusses how the contemporary African prison system acts as an example of necropolitics. Referring to the concept of living death as "stuckness", Le Marcis details life in prison as a state-sponsored creation of death; some examples they provide include malnourishment through a refusal to feed inmates, a lack of adequate healthcare, and the excusing of certain violent actions between inmates. Racism, discussed by Foucault as an integral component of wielding biopower, is also present in Le Marcis' discussion of the necropolitical prison system, specifically regarding the ways in which murder and suicide are often overlooked among inmates. Mbembe also contends that matters of homicide and suicide within state-governed institutions housing "less valuable" members of the necroeconomy are simply another example of social or political death.
Queer and trans necropolitics
Jasbir Puar coined the term queer necropolitics to analyze the post-9/11 queer outrage regarding gay bashing and simultaneous queer complicity with Islamophobia. Puar utilizes the discussions of Mbembe to address the dismissal of racism within the LGBTQ+ community as a form of assimilation and distancing from the non-normative populations generally affected by necropolitics. Puar's research centers specifically on the idea that, "the homosexual other is white, the racial other is straight," leaving no room for queer people of color, and ultimately accepting their fate as a non-valuable population destined for social, political, or literal death. Puar's prime example of this lives within the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, in which Israel, considered a haven for LGBTQ individuals, is then spared criticism from its Islamophobic violence against the Palestinian people, particularly queer Palestinians.
Many scholars use Puar's queer necropolitics in conjunction with Judith Butler's concept of a grievable life. Butler's discussion of the HIV/AIDS epidemic acts as a necessary extension of the queer necropolitical field, as it addresses specifically the shortcomings of Foucault's concept of biopower for non-normative, less societally valuable populations, those populations experiencing multiple intersections of Other-ness. Butler connects the lives of queer individuals to that of, "war casualties that the United States inflicts," noting that one cannot publicly grieve these deaths because in order to do so, they must be deemed noteworthy by those who inflicted death upon them. Butler claims that the obituary is a tool for normalizing the necropolitics of queer lives, as well as the lives of people of color.
Queer necropolitics is the subject of an anthology from Routledge.
In “Trans Necropolitics: A Transnational Reflection on Violence, Death, and the Trans of Color Afterlife” Snorton and Haritaworn investigate the necropolitical nature of trans people of color's lives. As they make sense of “trans of color afterlife,” Snorton and Haritaworn examine the ‘making dead' of trans people of color, and especially trans women of color, as an intentionally violent political strategy. This reveals society's incredible failure to protect and care for trans people of color during their lives.
References
Sociological terminology
Biopolitics
Queer theory
Death
