The 1994 Badminton World Cup was the sixteenth edition of an international tournament Badminton World Cup. The event was held in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam in 1994 with total prize money of US$170,000. Indonesia won both the singles event with women's doubles while Malaysia won Men's doubles and cross-country pair from Denmark & Sweden won the mixed doubles.
Medalists
Men's singles
Finals
Women's singles
Finals
Men's doubles
Finals
Women's doubles
Finals
Mixed doubles
Finals
References
https://www.myheritage.com/research/record-10450-9612770/canberra-times-act-aug-9-1994?snippet=6d5a0f674f1b68d044b5f1d744eb71e8
Badminton World Cup
1994 in badminton
1994 in Vietnamese sport
Sport in Ho Chi Minh City
International sports competitions hosted by Vietnam
The men's 10,000 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 29 August 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
29 August
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 24 athletes from 14 countries participated in the event.
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(1)
References
10000 metres
10,000 metres at the European Athletics Championships
International athletics competitions hosted by Czechoslovakia
The term perching ducks is used colloquially to mean any species of ducks distinguished by their readiness to perch high in trees
Until the late 20th century, perching ducks meant Cairinini, a tribe of ducks in the duck, goose and swan family Anatidae, grouped together on the basis of their readiness to perch high in trees. It has been subsequently shown that the grouping is paraphyletic and their apparent similarity results from convergent evolution, with the different members more closely related to various other ducks than to each other.
Perching duck species include:
Plectropterinae
Spur-winged goose Plectropterus gambensis
Tadorninae
Salvadori's teal Salvadorina waigiuensis (initially placed in Anatinae)
Blue duck Hymenolaimus malacorhynchos
Torrent duck Merganetta armata
Anatinae
Brazilian teal Amazonetta brasiliensis
Species that were formally in the Cairdinini tribe, and do not have an identified current subfamily include:
Comb duck Sarkidiornis melanotos: Tadorninae or basal Anatinae?
Pink-eared duck Malacorhynchus membranaceus: Tadorninae or Oxyurinae?
Hartlaub's duck Pteronetta hartlaubi: Anatinae or a very distinct clade?
Green pygmy goose Nettapus pulchellus: Anatinae or a Gondwanan clade?
Cotton pygmy goose Nettapus coromandellanus: Anatinae or a Gondwanan clade?
African pygmy goose Nettapusre auritus: Anatinae or a Gondwanan clade?
Muscovy duck Cairina moschata: Anatinae or Tadorninae?
White-winged duck Cairina scutulata: Anatinae or closer to Aythyinae?
Wood duck Aix sponsa: Anatinae or Tadorninae?
Mandarin duck Aix galericulata: Anatinae or Tadorninae?
Ringed teal Callonetta leucophrys: Anatinae or Tadorninae?
Maned duck Chenonetta jubata: Anatinae or Tadorninae?
References
Anatidae
Obsolete bird taxa
Bird common names
Triveni () is a municipality in Bajura district in the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal. It was formed in March 2017 as decided by the Cabinet in line with the Constitution of Nepal 2015, recommended by the Local Bodies Restructuring Commission (LBRC).
It is formed by merging previous 3 VDCs named Kailashmandau, Chhatara and Tolidewal. It is divided into nine wards. It has Kalikot District in the East, Budhiganga Municipality in the West, Badimalika Municipality in the North and Accham District in the South.
The population of this municipality is 18,363 of which 8,631 are male and 9,732 are female. The total number of households is 3,350.
Etymology
The name of this municipal is derived from the tributaries of three rivers which is locally termed as "Triveni". It is a religious place which is situated at an altitude of over 3,000-meter from the sea level.
History
Previous 3 VDCs named Kailashmandau, Tolidewal and Chhatara have been merged and formed Triveni Municipality which has Martadi as district headquarters. Triveni is one of the 4 municipalities of Bajura District located at mid mountain region of Sudurpashchim Province.
Geography
Triveni municipality is located to the southern part of Bajura district. It is separated by Budhi Ganga River following from higher himalayan region which later joins the Malagada river which is the point from where the Triveni Municipality starts. It is divided into 9 wards numbered from 1 to 9. It has Kalikot District in the East, Budhiganga Municipality in the West, Badimalika Municipality in the North and Accham District in the South.
Climate
Warm days followed by cool morning & nights. Summer are cool and winter are mild to cold. Snow fall is expected during the winter rain.
Economy
Agriculture is the main occupation of the people of this region followed by small scale livestock. The agricultural production is not enough to earn a living throughout the year, the youth and elderly people go to India and remittance is the major source of income of people.
Culture
Majority of the people follow Hinduism. Dashain and Tihar are the major festivals. Chaitalo and Aanantya are the locally celebrated festivals in the form of deuda by men and women where they express their love, joy and sorrows in the form of song. Bhuwo is another traditional dance played by the elderly and young boys using Talwar putting on old traditional clothes forming a circle. It is played for 3 to 5 days. This dance also shows how to fight with the enemy in the battlefield.
Tourism
Tourism can be the major source of revenue, as this municipality is rich for culture and major pilgrimage center of Sudurpashchim Province,
Badimalika Temple where thousands of pilgrimage visit this temple during Janai Purnima from all over Nepal and India in the belief that their wishes will be fulfilled is also located here. Nateshwori Temple is another temple located in ward no.7 of this municipality. It is a Hindu temple mainly worshiped for Devi Bhagawati, Dhalpura Devi and Kalika Devi. There is huge crowd of people especially on the day of Janai Purnima, pilgrim who visited Badimalika return home paying visit to this temple as this temple is considered to be the elder sister of Malika Devi (Badimalika Temple). While locals people pay visit on regular basis and mainly during Chaite Dashain.
Electricity and water supply
Now almost all the villages of this municipality have electricity facilities and all the villages also have clean drinking water. Now they don't have to travel to fetch water.
Demographics
This municipality has multi ethnic's composition with Chettri, Thakuri, Brahmin, Damai, Nepali, Giri, Sarki Kami etc. The common language is Nepali. The population of this municipality is 18,363 out of which 8,631 are male and rest are female. The average household size is 5.48. The ratio of male to female (sex ratio) is 88.69.
Education
There are now enough Primary and Higher Secondary Schools but no Bachelor's Level and above programs. Student come to Kathmandu and other major cities to pursue their further studies. Drop out ratio is higher although people have started to send their children to school at early age.
The literacy rate is 57.79.
Higher Secondary Schools
Ratna Higher Secondary School, Seliphal
Masteshwori Higher Secondary School, Pandhara
Tolidewaldanda Secondary School, Toli
Tribhuwaneshwori Secondary School, Chhatara
Secondary schools
Parwati Secondary School, Paima
Kailaseswori Secondary School
Badimalika Secondary School
Rameshwori Secondary School
Parwati Secondary School, Chhatara
Lower Secondary Schools
Nateshwori Lower Secondary School
Narsingh Lower Secondary School
Nawadurga Lower Secondary School
Khinni Satya Devi Lower Secondary School
Bhageswori Lower Secondary School
Dhalpuri Lower Secondary School
Khapar Devthali Secondary School
Navjyoti Secondary School
Primary schools
Nitteshwori Primary School
Balkalyan Primary School
Bhawani Primary School
Gayatri Primary School
Gyan Jyoti Primary School
Janata Primary School
Maha Laxmi Primary School
Nuwakot Primary School
Puspa Kamal Primary School
Sarswoti Primary School
Janajyoti Primary School
Triveni Primary School
Janta Primary School
Tripurasundari Primary School
Bajura Model Academy
Sports
Due to geographical location and fewer opportunities sports is not well developed here. Volleyball is the major sport played in all school and villages here.
Transport
There is now road access to almost all the villages of this municipality. This has been made possible by RAP 3 (Rural Access Program funded by UKAid through the UK's Department for International Development (DFID). The Maure- Kailashmandu and Maure- Toli- Chhatara road section almost 30 K.M has been handed over to the Local government.
Local government is further extending the road to inner villages with its own budget with the help of local people.
Healthcare
There is no good access to hospitals and people still seek Dhami and Jhakri in first phase. Though the number of Medicals has increased in every village but they are not run by well qualified professionals. CMA (Community Medicine Assistant) owns the majority of the medical shops who can just provide basic health care. Severe case patients have to travel to Bayalpata Hospital of Achham District or to other cities for treatment. The small health center in Municipality are without qualified doctors and are run by Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs), Community Health Workers (CHWs) and Health Assistant (HA).
Bank and co-operatives
Earlier people had to travel long distance to district headquarters Martadi to make deposit, withdrawal or other banking transactions. Now with the establishment of IME(Online money transfer service) at Bamka and branch of Nepal Bank Limited at Tolidewal where the municipality office is located, it has become convenient for people of this municipality for making banking transactions.
Internet and communication
Communication used to be a major problem until few years back but with the extension of Tower of Telecommunication Service providers such as Nepal Telecom, Ncell and SKY communication has become easier.
Currently Ncell and Nepal Telecom provide 2G network service but other Internet service providers (ISPs) are limited to Local Administration. Radio is the main source of news & entertainment but Television is limited to few homes.
References
Bajura District
Municipalities of Nepal
Nepal municipalities established in 2017
Municipalities in Bajura District
Udhaya is an Indian actor who has acted in Tamil language films.  They are the son of noted producer A. L. Azhagappan and the brother of director A. L. Vijay.
Personal life
Udhaya got married in August 2007 to Keerthika.
Career
Udhaya began their acting career in 1998 under their original name of Senthilkumar, by appearing in Ini Ellam Sugame (1998) produced by their father. Udhaya then starred in Bharathi Kannan's Thirunelveli playing a lead role alongside Prabhu and Karan and being paired opposite Vindhya. The film won poor reviews, with Udhaya's performance being described as "average". They were next seen opposite Vijayalakshmi in Kalakalappu, which also featured Napoleon and Jaya Seal, with a critic noting that "he plays their role well, but has to improve their voice modulation." They also thereafter appeared in Shakkalaka Baby, while another film titled Poonguyile, featuring them alongside Vindhya and Livingston, was shelved after several schedules.
In 2001, their father A. L. Azhagappan attempted to launch Udhaya as the main lead in a film titled Ennil Kalanthavalae, but the project did not develop. In 2004, the actor announced a project titled Asamy, and held a grand launch event, but the film failed to progress. During this period, they were also working on two projects which remain unreleased - the Prakash Raj-starrer Kaadhal Jaathi and Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa, with the latter being used as the title for an unrelated project in 2010 by Gautham Vasudev Menon. Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa was later released as Unnai Kann Theduthe in 2009, while in 2011, the actor hit out at Kaadhal Jaathis director Kasthuri Raja, claiming that the director themselves was blocking the release of the film.
Udhaya's 2011 venture Raa Raa won positive reviews, but went unnoticed at the box office, while their other release Poova Thalaiya, alongside Sherin also met with an average response. They later played a supporting role in their brother's Thalaivaa (2013), before working on the low-budget horror film Aavi Kumar.
Filmography
Films
Web series
References
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Season 1888–89 was the thirteenth season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the thirteenth time.
Overview
Hearts reached the fourth round of the Scottish Cup losing to Campsie.
Hearts Won the East of Scotland Shield beating Leith Athletic in the final.
Results
Scottish Cup
East of Scotland Shield
Rosebery Charity Cup
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical Record 88-89
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Hearts
Camping Mama: Outdoor Adventures, known in Japan as Camping Mama + Papa (キャンピングママ＋パパ Kyanpingu Mama + Papa) and in the PAL region as Cooking Mama World: Outdoor Adventures, is a 2011 video game for the Nintendo DS. It is a spin-off title in the Cooking Mama series. It features 38 levels with 100 camping-themed mini-games using the touch screen.
Development
The game was released in July 2011 in Japan, September 2011 in North America, and November 2011 in Europe. It was later bundled with Cooking Mama and released as Mama's Combo Pack Vol. 1 in North America, Europe, and Australia in late 2012.
Reception
Camping Mama received "mixed" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.
References
External links
Official English website
2011 video games
505 Games games
Cooking Mama
Cooking video games
Majesco Entertainment games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Video games developed in Japan
Simulation video games
The Triumph Tiger 800 is a dual-sport motorcycle launched in 2010 by British manufacturer Triumph Motorcycles.
The Tiger 800 XR is a more road-oriented bike, while the Tiger 800 XC is designed as a more off-road vehicle.
Model differences
There are a number of key differences between the two models. The XR has cast alloy wheels, with a 19-inch at the front, while the XC has spoked wheels with alloy rims and a larger 21-inch front. They have the same size of 17" at the rear.
The Tiger 800 XC has longer-travel suspension at the front and rear, with 45 mm forks, compared with 43 mm on the Tiger 800 XR. The Tiger 800 XR has a motorcycle saddle adjustable from , while the Tiger 800 XC saddle is taller at . The XC has more aggressive off-road looks, including a small beak-like high-level mudguard at the front, similar to the BMW F800GS, a bike the Tiger is designed to compete against. Overall the XC is longer, wider, taller and heavier than the XR. The Tiger 800 XC was named "Best Dual Sport" for 2011 by Cycle World.
Both models share most components, including the engine, fuel tank, instrument panel, steel trellis frame, and brakes, which have optional ABS.
First generation (2010-2014)
The first generation came in 2 models, 800 and 800XC. Both bikes share the same frame and inline-three engine, which is derived from the smaller Triumph Daytona 675. In both cases an official Triumph accessory low seat lowers seat heights by 20 mm. The 2011 model year featured a silver frame, but from 2012-2018 the Tiger had a black frame with the exception of SE (Special Edition) models that had a red frame and accessories.
Second generation (2015-2017)
For the 2015 model year, the Tiger 800 used a second generation 800 cc engine with drive-by-wire throttle which Triumph claimed improved fuel economy by 17%. Traction control was also added. Optional versions of the Tiger 800 included various combinations of cruise control, auto-cancel indicators, an advanced trip computer, multiple driving modes. Hardware in some versions included engine-protection bars, an aluminum sump guard, a center stand, and WP suspension, which included adjustable front forks.
Third generation (2018-2019)
In 2018 Triumph launched a new generation of Tiger 800, claiming to have 200 undisclosed modification from the previous generation. There are 6 models on 2 variants:
Road-oriented: XR (base model), XRx, XRx LOW and XRt with cast aluminium alloy wheels and 19" front tire and Showa suspension
Dual sport: XC (base model), XCx and XCA with spoke wheels and 21" front tire and WP suspension with longer travel
All versions have switchable ABS, twin 305 mm front brake discs and single 255 mm disc, LCD screens with digital instruments. The top version add features like LED lights, more ride modes, Brembo front brakes, color TFT screen and heated grips and seat. The weight of the base XR version is 199 kg dry, while the top range XCA version is 208 kg.
References
External links
Tiger 800
Dual-sport motorcycles
Motorcycles introduced in 2010
In the mathematical subject of group theory, the Adian–Rabin theorem is a result which states that most "reasonable" properties of finitely presentable groups are algorithmically undecidable. The theorem is due to Sergei Adian (1955) and, independently, Michael O. Rabin (1958).
Markov property
A Markov property P of finitely presentable groups is one for which:
P is an abstract property, that is, P is preserved under group isomorphism.
There exists a finitely presentable group with property P.
There exists a finitely presentable group which cannot be embedded as a subgroup in any finitely presentable group with property P.
For example, being a finite group is a Markov property: We can take to be the trivial group and we can take to be the infinite cyclic group .
Precise statement of the Adian–Rabin theorem
In modern sources, the Adian–Rabin theorem is usually stated as follows:
Let P be a Markov property of finitely presentable groups. Then there does not exist an algorithm that, given a finite presentation , decides whether or not the group defined by this presentation has property P.
The word 'algorithm' here is used in the sense of recursion theory. More formally, the conclusion of Adian–Rabin theorem means that set of all finite presentations
(where is a fixed countably infinite alphabet, and is a finite set of relations in these generators and their inverses)
defining groups with property P, is not a recursive set.
Historical notes
The statement of the Adian–Rabin theorem generalizes a similar earlier result for semigroups by Andrey Markov, Jr.,ref>C.-F. Nyberg-Brodda, The Adian-Rabin theorem: an English translation. 2022.</ref> proved by analogous methods. It was also in the semigroup context that Markov introduced the above notion that that group theorists came to call the Markov property of finitely presented groups. This Markov, a prominent Soviet logician, is not to be confused with their father, the famous Russian probabilist Andrey Markov after whom Markov chains and Markov processes are named.
According to Don Collins, the notion Markov Property, as defined above, was introduced by William Boone in their Mathematical Reviews review of Rabin's 1958 paper containing Rabin's proof of the Adian–Rabin theorem.
Idea of the proof
In modern sources, the proof of the Adian–Rabin theorem proceeds by a reduction to the Novikov–Boone theorem via a clever use of amalgamated products and HNN extensions.
Let be a Markov property and let be as in the definition of the Markov property above.
Let be a finitely presented group with undecidable word problem, whose existence is provided by the Novikov–Boone theorem.
The proof then produces a recursive procedure that, given a word in the generators of , outputs a finitely presented group such that if then is isomorphic to , and if then contains as a subgroup. Thus has property if and only if . Since it is undecidable whether , it follows that it is undecidable whether a finitely presented group has property .
Applications
The following properties of finitely presented groups are Markov and therefore are algorithmically undecidable by the Adian–Rabin theorem:
Being the trivial group.
Being a finite group.
Being an abelian group.
Being a finitely generated free group.
Being a finitely generated nilpotent group.
Being a finitely presentable solvable group.
Being a finitely presentable amenable group.
Being a word-hyperbolic group.
Being a torsion-free finitely presentable group.
Being a polycyclic group.
Being a finitely presentable group with a solvable word problem.
Being a finitely presentable residually finite group.
Being a finitely presentable group of finite cohomological dimension.
Being an automatic group.
Being a finitely presentable simple group. (One can take to be the trivial group and to be a finitely presented group with unsolvable word problem whose existence is provided by the Novikov-Boone theorem. Then Kuznetsov's theorem implies that does not embed into any finitely presentable simple group. Hence being a finitely presentable simple group is a Markov property.)
Being a finitely presentable group of finite asymptotic dimension.
Being a finitely presentable group admitting a uniform embedding into a Hilbert space.
Note that the Adian–Rabin theorem also implies that the complement of a Markov property in the class of finitely presentable groups is algorithmically undecidable. For example, the properties of being nontrivial, infinite, nonabelian, etc., for finitely presentable groups are undecidable. However, there do exist examples of interesting undecidable properties such that neither these properties nor their complements are Markov. Thus Collins (1969) proved that the property of being Hopfian is undecidable for finitely presentable groups, while neither being Hopfian nor being non-Hopfian are Markov.
See also
Higman's embedding theorem
Bass–Serre theory
References
Further reading
C. F. Miller, III, Decision problems for groups — survey and reflections. Algorithms and classification in combinatorial group theory (Berkeley, CA, 1989), pp. 1–59, Math. Sci. Res. Inst. Publ., 23, Springer, New York, 1992,
Theorems in group theory
Geometric group theory
Undecidable problems
It's All Right! is an album by the saxophonist Teddy Edwards which was recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
Reception
AllMusic awarded the album 3 stars stating, "Although the music (mostly Edwards originals) is essentially hard bop, there are hints of the avant-garde here and there in the harmonies and solos... Edwards would not have an opportunity to record as a leader for another seven years, but the largely straight-ahead music has dated pretty well."
The authors of The Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings wrote: "some of the material points in the direction of Coltrane and even Ornette Coleman; though never remotely avant-garde, Teddy knew what was happening on the scene... they were able to combine their usual easy, blues-inflected swing with something harder and darker."
Writing for DownBeat, Dan Morgenstern commented: "The session was perfectly cast, and it adds up to a generous helping of well-crafted, well-played contemporary jazz without convenient labels... All told, a feather in Edwards'... cap."
Track listing
All compositions by Teddy Edwards
"It's All Right" - 5:18
"Going Home" - 5:00
"Afraid of Love" - 5:05
"Wheelin' and Dealin'" - 6:53
"Mamacita Lisa" - 4:24
"Back Alley Blues" - 4:29
"The Cellar Dweller" - 4:54
"Moving In" - 5:58
Personnel
Teddy Edwards - tenor saxophone
Jimmy Owens - trumpet, flugelhorn
Garnett Brown - trombone
Cedar Walton - piano
Ben Tucker - double bass
Lenny McBrowne - drums
References
Teddy Edwards albums
1967 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Don Schlitten
Federal elections were held in Czechoslovakia on 5 and 6 June 1992, alongside elections for the Czech and Slovak Assemblies. The result was a victory for the Civic Democratic Party–Christian Democratic Party (ODS-KDS) alliance, which won 48 of the 150 seats in the House of the People and 37 of the 150 seats in the House of Nations. Voter turnout was 84.7%.
This would be the last election held in Czechoslovakia. ODS leader Vaclav Klaus insisted that the leader of the largest Slovak party, Vladimir Meciar, agree to a tightly knit federation with a strong central government. Meciar, however, was only willing to agree to a loose confederation in which the Czech lands and Slovakia would both be sovereign. It soon became apparent that a coalition between the two blocs was not feasible, leading Klaus and Meciar to agree to a "velvet divorce." The Federal Assembly formally voted Czechoslovakia out of existence on November 25. Effective on January 1, 1993, Czechoslovakia split into two countries, the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Results
House of the People
House of Nations
References
1992
Legislative elections in Czechoslovakia
1992 elections in Europe
June 1992 events in Europe
Tunisian Association of Radio Amateurs, Association Tunisienne des Radio Amateurs (ASTRA) is a scientific nonprofit organization that focuses on the amateur radio activity. This is the first association amateur Tunisia we tried to legally based dice 1997, as recently recognized by the Tunisian government end as shown in the article published in the Official Journal of the Tunisian Republic.
December 10, 2011, commemorating the World Declaration of Human Rights, as radio amateurs have returned their full rights to organize and have their own association thanks to the Tunisian civil revolution and its martyrs.
The ASTRA is officially recognized as an association representing Tunisia at the International Amateur Radio Union -IARU- since 1998 as indicated in Circular No. 175 of October 12, 1998.
Goals
The ASTRA goals are :
Disseminate and support the Amateur Radio to provide national expertise in radio communications with self-training.
Organize the field of Amateur Radio in Tunisia in the interest of the national community.
Provide the equipment and expertise to ensure communications during emergency.
Represent and defend the interests of amateur radio with organizations, institutions and authorities at National, Regional and International levels.
Contribute to the development of scientific and technological research in the field of telecommunications and radio in particular.
Strengthen friendly relations between amateur radio, which will contribute to the strengthening of relations between people and the dissemination of the values of peace in its humanitarian dimensions.
Introduce the cultural heritage and wealth of the Tunisian culture.
References
Tunisia
Organisations based in Tunisia
Organizations established in 2011
2011 establishments in Tunisia
Radio in Tunisia
Organisations based in Tunis
Annulobalcis is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Eulimidae.
Species
There are eleven known species within the genus Annulobalcis:
Annulobalcis albus Dgebuadze, Fedosov & Kantor, 2012
Annulobalcis aurisflamma Simone & Martins, 1995
Annulobalcis cicatricosa (Warén, 1981)
Annulobalcis maculatus Dgebuadze, Fedosov & Kantor, 2012
Annulobalcis marshalli Warén, 1981
Annulobalcis pellucida (Turton, 1832)
Annulobalcis procera Simone, 2002
Annulobalcis shimazui Habe, 1965
Annulobalcis vinarius Dgebuadze, Fedosov & Kantor, 2012
Annulobalcis wareni Dgebuadze, Fedosov & Kantor, 2012
Annulobalcis yamamotoi Habe, 1974
Species brought into synonymy
Annulobalcis prionocidaricola Habe, 1974: synonym of Trochostilifer straitus (Hedley, 1905)
References
Warén A. (1984) A generic revision of the family Eulimidae (Gastropoda, Prosobranchia). Journal of Molluscan Studies suppl. 13: 1-96
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropod genera
Hendrik van den Eijnde (29 November 1869 – 1 February 1939) was a Dutch sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1869 births
1939 deaths
20th-century Dutch sculptors
Dutch male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Haarlem
20th-century Dutch male artists
L&YR Class 30 may refer to any of the following steam locomotives:
L&YR Class 30 (Aspinall)
L&YR Class 30 (Hughes)
L&YR Class 30 (Hughes compound)
Unia is a trade union representing private sector workers in Switzerland.
History
Unia is the largest member of the Swiss Trade Union Confederation (SGB or USS) with 200,000 members. In addition its collective agreements affect the conditions of a million Swiss workers. It was formed on 16 October 2004 from the merger of the Union of Construction and Industry (GBI), the Union for Industry, Trade and Services, the Union of Sales, Trade, Transport and Food, the old (working in the service sector) unia and the Geneva trade union in the tertiary sector.
In 2011, seafarers and boat personnel in the union transferred to Nautilus International.
Presidents
2004: Renzo Ambrosetti and Vasco Pedrina
2006: Renzo Ambrosetti and Andreas Rieger
2012: Vania Alleva and Renzo Ambrosetti
2015: Vania Alleva
2016: Vania Alleva
2021: Vania Alleva
References
External links
Zeitung der Unia Jugend
Economy of Switzerland
Trade unions established in 2004
is a Japanese manga artist. They made their debut in Young Jump with Kakumei Route 163 in 1982.
 They are best known for their series Yoiko and Fighting Beauty Wulong.
Selected works
External links
Yūgo Ishikawa's Home Page
1960 births
Living people
Manga artists
Manga artists from Osaka Prefecture
Manylovitsa () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 88 as of 2002.
Geography
Manylovitsa is located 56 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gorbentsovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The West Garrison Avenue Historic District is a historic district encompassing the oldest commercial section of Fort Smith, Arkansas. When listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, the district included just a five-block stretch of Garrison Avenue, the major east–west thoroughfare in the city and one its oldest, dating to the city's founding in 1838. The district included more than fifty historically significant buildings built before 1912. The area was significantly affected by a major tornado in September 1996, in which thirteen historic buildings were destroyed and others damaged. The district was subsequently enlarged in 2001 to encompass 175 buildings with historic significance to 1951. These buildings are located along the length of Garrison Avenue (twelve blocks), as well as Rogers Avenue and North "A" Street, which run parallel to Garrison (north and south of it, respectively), and the connecting north–south blocks.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sebastian County, Arkansas
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Victorian architecture in Arkansas
Neoclassical architecture in Arkansas
Fort Smith, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Sebastian County, Arkansas
The bombing of Podgorica in World War II was carried out by the Allies from 1943 until 1944 at the request of the Yugoslav Partisans.
Background
Between the two World Wars, the city of Podgorica had a population of 13,000.
On 6 April 1941 the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was invaded by the Axis powers. The state was de facto dissolved and Montenegro, in which Podgorica was the largest city, became independent as a protectorate of the Kingdom of Italy. This arrangement lasted until the Italian armistice on September 8, 1943, in which the fascist Italian forces capitulated. Germany then occupied Montenegro. Not until Germany's involvement was the city bombed. During the last years of the war Podgorica was one of the bigger cities on the route of German troops withdrawing from Albania
and Greece, so the decision was made to bomb the city.
Initial stage of bombing
The Podgorica airfield was bombed by P-39 Airacobras of the USAAF's Twelfth Air Force on 25 October 1943. By December, the German troops began setting off bomb sirens in the city, resulting in many citizens taking shelter in nearby caves.
Bombing of 5 May 1944
The most intense bombing of Podgorica occurred on 5 May 1944. 116 USAAF B-24 Liberators participated in the attack, which dropped 270 tonnes of bombs on the city. The attack resulted in only four German casualties and approximately 100 Chetnik deaths, while 400 Montenegrin civilians were killed. Chetnik casualties included major Đorđije Lašić. During the course of the bombing a Catholic church and an Orthodox cemetery were damaged and the Glavatović mosque was destroyed.
The bombing by the Allies was of questionable legality. International law dictates that a country's recognized government has the
right to bombard any of its cities occupied by enemy forces. However at the time Anglo-American forces bombed the city, they still officially recognized the Yugoslav royal government-in-exile as the legitimate national government and not Josip Broz's, who ordered the bombings.
Final stage of bombing
On 6 November, 72 RAF planes bombed the city. It was reported that 700 German troops were killed in the attack. On 7 November, 124 P-38s strafed Axis troop concentrations in and around the city.
Aftermath
The Allied bombing almost completely destroyed the city of Podgorica. Approximately 4,100 people died in the attacks. Partisans took over the city on 19 December 1944. Damages were estimated in 1946 as 1.06 billion Yugoslav dinars.
References
1940s in Montenegro
Podgorica
1943 in Europe
1944 in Europe
20th century in Podgorica
Danygraig Halt railway station served the suburb of Dan-y-graig, in the historical county of Glamorganshire, Wales, from 1895 to 1936 on the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.
History
The station was opened on 14 May 1895 by the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway. It was resited to the east on 7 May 1899 when the line was extended to Swansea. It was resited again onto the GWR line on 11 September 1933 and its name was changed to Danygraig Halt. It closed on 28 September 1936.
References
Disused railway stations in Swansea
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1895
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1936
1895 establishments in Wales
1936 disestablishments in Wales
Former Great Western Railway stations
John Stanley Crisson (born May 1, 1941) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1965. They played college football at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina.
References
1941 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Duke University alumni
People from Cherryville, North Carolina
The USA Basketball Female Athlete of the Year is an annual award issued by USA Basketball that honors the top American female basketball performer during the year's international competition.
See also
USA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year
References
American basketball trophies and awards
Most valuable player awards
Lists of women's basketball players in the United States
Micheline Maylor (born in 1970) is a Canadian poet, academic, critic and editor.
Early life
Maylor was born in Windsor, Ontario of Voyageur Metis, and English ancestry. They moved to Calgary, Alberta and was raised as a Buddhist by artist parents.
Education
Maylor holds a BA from the University of Calgary (honours with a specialty in creative writing and a minor in anthropology). They earned a master's degree from Lancaster University UK (distinction in creative writing/Can-Lit). They were awarded the International Research Scholarship and the Overseas Research Scholarship. They were awarded a Ph.D from Newcastle upon Tyne (Late 20th century Canadian literature and creative writing).
Career
Poetry
Maylor's first book, Full Depth: The Raymond Knister Poems was long listed for the ReLit award and inspired by living in John Knister's ancestral home.
Them Chapbook, Starfish, an elegiac long poem written on the death of their best friend, sold out in 2007.
Them third collection, Whirr and Click, was short-listed for the Pat Lowther Award for best book written by a Canadian woman in 2014, about which Douglas Glover writes, "Micheline Maylor writes poems with dash and élan, attack poems, full of desire, heart, dangerous men and revenge."
Them fourth collection, Little Wildheart, published by the University of Alberta Press, was short-listed for the Robert Kroetsch award for experimental poetry and deals with the question: What does it mean to be human? Quill and Quire gave it a starred review calling it "a charming quirk", and The Toronto Star described it as: "poems that crackle with lyric energy".
Micheline Maylor's anthology, Drifting Like a Metaphor, introduces Calgary poets of promise who have the ability to make connections that work to pull together language, image, and emotion. Them criterion was that the poets are not yet published in book form, but are able to make story and voice work to create an emotional reaction through many forms and styles. Any of the twelve poets showcased in this anthology could easily become the next great voice or future poet laureate of Calgary.
Maylor has published their fifth book, "The Bad Wife" which was long listed for the Raymond Souster Award (2022). and Short Listed for the Robert Kroetsch Best Poetry Award
Them poetry has been published in over 85 journals in five countries.
Influences come from Don Coles, Jeffery Donaldson, Douglas Glover, Patrick Lane, George Elliot Clark, Richard Harrison, and Jan Zwicky.
Editor
Maylor is the co-founder of the non-profit Freefall Literary Society where they were the editor-in-chief from 2006-2016 and is now consulting editor, before shifting to Frontenac House Press. They currently edit the Quartet poetry series for which the authors have been shortlisted or have won: The Goldie Award for best Lesbian poetry book in North America; The Gerald Lampert Award for best first book; The Pat Lowther Award for best book by a Canadian woman; The Stephan G. Stephansson Award for best Alberta poetry book; The Alberta Readers' Choice Awards; The City of Calgary W.O. Mitchell Award; and the Alberta Magazine Publisher's Awards in several categories.
Maylor was the editor of the awarding winning "This Wound is a World" by Billy-Ray Belcourt published by Frontenac House, which won the prestigious 2018 Griffin Poetry Prize, and The Most Significant Book of Poetry in English by an Emerging Indigenous Writer, Indigenous Voices Awards (2018), and the Robert Kroetsch City of Edmonton Book Prize (2018). It was also short listed for the Gerald Lampert Memorial Award (2018), and the Raymond Souster Award (2018).
Maylor was the editor of the award-winning "Ruba'iyat For the Time of Apricots" by Basma Kavanagh published by Frontenac House, which won the Robert Kroetsch Award for Poetry awarded by the Book Publisher's Association of Alberta on Sept 13, 2019.
 They are a regular poetry reviewer at Quill and Quire.
Teaching and mentoring
They held a teaching position and has won awards at Mount Royal University. where they won the Faculty Award for Excellence in Teaching by Mount Royal Faculty Association. They also have held a teaching position at The University of Calgary. They retired in 2022.
Following the tradition of many Canadian Writers, they are a long-time member of the League of Canadian Poets.
Appointments
On 25 April 2016 Micheline Maylor was sworn in as Calgary's first female Poet Laureate for a two-year term, and as such acts as an ambassador of the arts to the citizens of Calgary. The Calgary Poet Laureate produces literary work that is reflective of Calgary's landscape, cityscape and/or civic identity and that may raise awareness of local issues and is an initiative of the Calgary, an initiative of the Calgary Arts Development Authority
They were appointed as Author in Residence for the Calgary Public Library on 26 April 2016.  They are the Author in Residence at the Alexandra Writers Centre Society in 2017 and will be the Author in Residence at the Saskatchewan Writer's Guild Retreat in November 2019
Maylor was elected to the Senate of the University of Calgary for a three-year term commencing in September, 2017. Maylor was also a member of the Calgary Institute of Humanities Advisory Board.
Maylor was appointed as a member of the Mount Royal University Distinguished Faculty Academy in May 2018 as a result of receiving the Mount Royal University 2018 Distinguished Faculty Award for Contract Faculty.
Awards
Short List Petra Kenny Award for poetry 2007
Flair Foundation Creativity grant for Banff Centre 2010
3rd place Geist post card story contest 2013
Short List Pat Lowther Award for poetry 2014
Mount Royal University Faculty Association Excellence in Teaching 2015
Short List Robert Kroetsch Innovative Poetry Award 2016
Long List for the Pat Lowther Poetry Award 2017
Long List for the Raymond Souster Poetry 2017
Mount Royal University 2018 Distinguished Faculty Award for Contract Faculty
Alberta Magazine Publishers Association Volunteer of the Year 2020
Lois Hole Award for Editorial Excellence - For Quartet 2019 - Frontenac House (Editor) 2020
Book Publisher's Association of Alberta, Robert Kroetsch Award for Poetry, Best poetry book published in Alberta 2021
Selected bibliography
Books
2021 - The Bad Wife (University of Alberta Press)
2018 – Drifting Like a Metaphor (Frontenac House Ed. Micheline Maylor)
2017 – Little Wildheart (University of Alberta Press)
2013 – Whirr and Click (Frontenac House Ed. Rose Scollard)
2011 – Starfish (Rubicon Press Ed. Jenna Butler)
2007 – Full Depth: The Raymond Knister poems (Wolsak and Wynn Ed. Maria Jacobs)
Anthologies
Shy (University of Alberta Press) 2013.
Poems for Planet Earth (Leaf Press) 2013
Freshwater Pearls (Recliner Books) 2011
Home and Away (House of Blue Skies) 2009
References
External links
Official website
1970 births
Living people
Alumni of Lancaster University
Canadian women poets
Chapbook writers
University of Calgary alumni
Writers from Windsor, Ontario
Poets Laureate of Calgary
20th-century Canadian poets
21st-century Canadian poets
20th-century Canadian women writers
21st-century Canadian women writers
Ouvéa Island or Uvea Island is one of the Loyalty Islands, in the archipelago of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The island is part of the commune (municipality) of Ouvéa, in the Loyalty Islands Province of New Caledonia.
Geography
The crescent-shaped island, which belongs to a larger atoll, is long and wide. It lies north east of Grande Terre, New Caledonia's mainland.
History
Ouvéa is a Polynesian outlier originally settled by Polynesian navigators who named it for their home island, Uvea Island. Some of their descendants still speak the West Uvean language.
Demographics
Ouvéa is home to around 3,016 people who are organized into tribes divided into Polynesians and Melanesians by ethnic descent. The Iaai language is spoken on the island.
Flora and fauna
Ouvéa has rich marine resources and is home to many sea turtles, species of fish, coral as well as a native parrot, the Uvea parakeet, that can only be found on the island of Ouvéa.
A large crustacean called the coconut crab or can also be found on the islands. The large blue crabs live in palm tree plantations and can grow to several kilos in size. They are a land based species and do not venture into the ocean.
Ouvéa is also home to trophy bonefish that inhabit the nutrient rich "flats" of the atoll.
External links
Islands of New Caledonia
Loyalty Islands
William Bourchier may refer to:
William Bourchier (priest) (1852–1924), Dean of Cashel
William Bourchier, 1st Count of Eu (1374–1420), English knight
William Bourchier, 9th Baron FitzWarin (1407–1470), English nobleman
William Bourchier, 3rd Earl of Bath (1557–1623), Lord Lieutenant of Devon
VqmR small RNA was discovered in Vibrio cholerae, a bacterium which can cause cholera, using differential RNA sequencing (sRNA-seq) under conditions of low and high cell density which were being used to study quorum sensing (QS). QS controls virulence and biofilm formation in Vibrio cholerae; it has been shown previously that it is directed by the Qrr sRNAs. VqmR has been shown to repress the expression of multiple mRNAs including the rtx (repeats in toxin) toxin genes and the , which is required for biofilm formation. In fact, VqmR which is highly conserved in vibrionaceae, was shown to strongly inhibit biofilm formation by repressing the gene; it could be the link between biofilm formation and QS.
References
Non-coding RNA
Willie Bethea (born c. 1939) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1963, 1965 and 1967. Prior to their CFL career they played football in Paterson, New Jersey and attended Rider University. They were inducted into the Hamilton Tiger-Cats Wall of Honour in 2012.
References
1930s births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Rider University alumni
Living people
Canadian football running backs
Players of American football from New Jersey
Congregation Knesseth Israel, also known as the Ellington Shul, is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located at 236 Pinney Street in Ellington, Connecticut. The congregation was founded in 1906 by a group of Yiddish-speaking Jewish farmers from Russia and Eastern Europe. Its building, dating to 1913, is a rare example of an early 20th-century rural synagogue in the state, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
Architecture and history
Knesseth Israel is located in what is now a rural-residential setting south of Ellington center, on the west side of Pinney Road (Connecticut Route 286) a short way north of its junction with Middle Road. It is a modest single-story wood-frame structure, with a hip roof and clapboarded exterior. Its main facade is three bays wide, with a center entrance sheltered by a gabled portico. The portico is supported by square posts, and has a Star of David in the gable. The flanking windows consist of a lower pair of sashes, and an upper transom with paired round arches applied. The interior of the building consists of one large chamber, with a bema that appears slightly oversized due to the building's small size. Because it is a single-story building, the segregated worship area for women (normally located in a second-floor gallery) is on the south side of the main space, separated by a low divider.
The synagogue was built in 1913, and was originally located at the corner of Middle Rd. and Abbott Rd. in Ellington. It was built in the Colonial Revival Style partly with funds from the philanthropist Baron Maurice de Hirsch's Jewish Colonization Association. In the 1954 the building was moved to its present location at 236 Pinney St. The building was designed by Leon Dobkin.
In addition to the synagogue, the congregation maintains an Orthodox Jewish cemetery within the larger Ellington Cemetery.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tolland County, Connecticut
References
External links
Congregation Knesseth Israel's Website
Ashkenazi Jewish culture in the United States
Ashkenazi synagogues
Jewish organizations established in 1906
Synagogues completed in 1913
Cemeteries in Tolland County, Connecticut
Ellington, Connecticut
Synagogues on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
Synagogues in Connecticut
Orthodox synagogues in Connecticut
Colonial Revival architecture in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Tolland County, Connecticut
Colonial Revival synagogues
Jewish cemeteries in Connecticut
Modern Orthodox synagogues in the United States
1906 establishments in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Tolland County, Connecticut
Russian-Jewish culture in the United States
Yiddish culture in the United States
Bayındır is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
The Tuna Club of Avalon is a private members's club in Avalon on Santa Catalina Island in California.
History
The club was founded by Charles Frederick Holder (1851–1915) in 1898.
Early members included Zane Grey, Bing Crosby, Charlie Chaplin, Stan Laurel, Hal Roach, Cecil B. DeMille, Herbert Hoover and George S. Patton. Among the first honorary members were Theodore Roosevelt, then Governor of New York, author Henry Van Dyke (both elected in 1898), Henry Markham (elected in 1899), ex-President Grover Cleveland (1899), Gifford Pinchot (1906) and Charles Hallock (1907). Against widespread opinion and popular belief, the future prime minister Winston Churchill was not part of the membership. The club hosted Churchill once, for a unique visit in 1929. On that occasion the then Chancellor of the Exchequer caught a 125-pound marlin.
The club was all-male for many years, but membership to women is now welcome.
Beyond its listed clubhouse, it also leases waterfront facilities.
Clubhouse
The clubhouse is located at 100 St. Catherine Way in Avalon on Santa Catalina Island in California. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places since April 2, 1991. It is also listed as a California Historical Landmark.
The state marker on the site reads:
NO. 997 TUNA CLUB OF AVALON – The Tuna Club of Avalon marks the birthplace of modern big game sportfishing in 1898. Led by Dr. Charles Frederick Holder, the club's founding members adopted the rules of conduct stressing conservationist ethics and sporting behavior. Today, their work remains the basis for the sport's internationally accepted principles.
The clubhouse was used as a location for the 1974 film Chinatown. In the film, the Tuna Club was renamed the Albacore Club.
Bibliography
References
Buildings and structures in the Channel Islands of California
Santa Catalina Island (California)
California Historical Landmarks
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Los Angeles County, California
Buildings and structures completed in 1916
1916 establishments in California
As'ad Adib Bayudh (, d. 2010) was a Lebanese Greek Orthodox politician. They were elected to the Parliament of Lebanon from the Marjeyoun-Hasbaya constituency in southern Lebanon in the 1960 and 1964 elections.
References
2010 deaths
Lebanese politicians
Year of birth missing
Lee H. Katzin (12 April 1935 - 30 October 2002) was an American film director.
Early life and education
They were born in Detroit, Michigan, and became a TV director in the late 1960s, including episodes for Bonanza, Mission: Impossible and Police Story. They also directed the 1971 feature film Le Mans.
Career
Starting in 1969, they did an array of theatrical films starting with Heaven with a Gun and other films like The Break and the cult classic What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice? In 1972, they directed the film The Salzburg Connection, which starred Barry Newman and Anna Karina.
In 1975, they directed the launch episode "Breakaway", and other early episodes, of the Gerry Anderson live-action series Space: 1999. They also directed the pilots for the television series Man from Atlantis and Spenser: For Hire. But they were primarily known as a prolific episodic television director, helming many episodes of such series as MacGyver, Police Story, The Young Riders, and Mission Impossible, among others.
They died of cancer at the age of 67 in 2002 in Beverly Hills, California.
Partial filmography
Hondo and the Apaches (1966)
What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice? (1969)
Heaven with a Gun (1969)
The Phynx (1970)
Le Mans (1971)
The Salzburg Connection (1972)
The Stranger (1973)
Savages (1974)
Zuma Beach (1978)
The Dirty Dozen: The Deadly Mission (1987)
The Dirty Dozen: The Fatal Mission (1988)
World Gone Wild (1988)
The Break (1995)
Restraining Order (2000)
References
External links
1935 births
2002 deaths
American television directors
Deaths from cancer in California
Artists from Detroit
Film directors from Michigan
Rastorguyev or Rastorguev may refer to
Rastorguyev (surname)
Rastorguev Glacier in Antarctica
Rastorguyev Island in the Kara Sea in Russia
Rastorguyev-Kharitonov Palace in Yekaterinburg, Russia
Raymond J. Leopold (born in Chicago, Illinois) is one of the three engineers who in late 1987 conceived of and later designed the Iridium satellite constellation, the first realization of global, wireless, personal communications.
Career
Leopold joined Motorola in 1987 after having spent a career in the U.S. Air Force where they held a variety of technical and technical management positions. They directed the development of communications systems at the Electronics Systems Division in Massachusetts. They served two tours in The Pentagon, one in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and one on the Air Staff. They taught for over five years at the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado, and worked in research and development for four years at the Air Force Weapons Laboratory in Albuquerque. They were also an adjunct professor of electrical engineering at George Washington University, and they had been a senior lecturer at MIT and had chaired the Industry Advisory Board for the Aero/Astro Department. They have also lectured at Stanford University.
Education
Leopold earned three degrees in electrical engineering, a bachelor's degree from the United States Air Force Academy in 1967, a master's degree from North Carolina State University in 1968, and a Ph.D. from the University of New Mexico in 1973. They were also honored with a Doctor of Telecommunications Management Degree from South Dakota School of Mines and Technology in 1997. They have completed Executive Education courses at the Harvard Business School, MIT (Sloan), The University of California (Berkeley), The Center for Creative Leadership, and The Defense Systems Management College.
Iridium satellite constellation
The Iridium system integrates a packet-switched architecture within its globally deployed constellation of satellites together with the circuit-switched architecture of the public switched telephone network. It was created by Leopold and Bary Bertiger and Ken Peterson.
Awards and honors
Pioneer Award, Mobile Satellite Users' Association, May 2008 (with Bary Bertiger and Ken Peterson) "... for the Invention of the Iridium Satellite System"
Laureate for Space, Aviation Week and Space Technology, March 1997 "for the Invention of the Iridium (Satellite) Personal Communications System (with Bary Bertiger and Ken Peterson)
Biennial Communications Award, American Institute of Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineers (AIAA), May 1998 "...for inventing LEO Mobile Communications, IRIDIUM Satellite System, and for developing systems architecture, directing systems engineering, creating global TDMA/FDMA telephony concept, and initiating a multibillion-dollar business." (with Bary Bertiger and Ken Peterson)
The IEEE Third Millennium Medal, Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers (IEEE), March 2000 "... for leadership in the field of wireless communications."
Fellow of the IEEE, Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers (IEEE), January 1997 “...for leadership and contributions to worldwide satellite communications and personal wireless.”
Dan Noble Fellow, Motorola, Inc., November 1995, Motorola's Highest Technical Award “... for leadership in creative and innovative technical contributions and, in particular, for their role in co-inventing the overall Iridium satellite cellular communications system and in gaining its critical global backing.”
Publications
Motorola's IRIDIUM system: low-Earth orbit global cellular communications network, R. J. Leopold, Antennas and Propagation Society International Symposium, 1992.
The Iridium Communications Systems, R. J. Leopold, Singapore ICCS/ISITA '92. 'Communications on the Move', 1992.
The IRIDIUM communications system, R. J. Leopold; A. Miller, Microwave Symposium Digest, 1993.
The IRIDIUM communications system, R. J. Leopold; A. Miller, IEEE Potentials,1993.
The IRIDIUM TM/SM1 Personal Communication System, M. Borota; K. Johnson; R. J. Leopold; A. Miller, VLSI Circuits, 1994.
Low-earth orbit global cellular communications network, R. J. Leopold, Communications, 1991.
CELESTRITM Ka-Band sharing, R. J. Leopold, Aerospace Conference, 1998.
References
Living people
American electrical engineers
Scientists from Chicago
United States Air Force Academy alumni
North Carolina State University alumni
University of New Mexico alumni
Engineers from Illinois
Year of birth missing (living people)
Military personnel from Illinois
Frank Leskaj (born April 16, 1971) is an American swimmer who competed for Albania in the 50-meter freestyle, 100-meter freestyle, and the 100-meter breaststroke at the 1992 Summer Olympics. Leskaj was the first Albanian swimmer to compete in the Olympics.
Results
References
External links
1971 births
Albanian male swimmers
American people of Albanian descent
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Albania
Swimmers from Philadelphia
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Brazil competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012. Brazil was the next host of the Summer Paralympics, holding the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro.
A Brazilian segment was performed in Closing Ceremony.
Medalists
Athletics
Men
Track events
Field events
Women
Track events
Boccia
Individual matches
Pairs and team events
Cycling
Men's track
Men's track
Equestrian
Individual events
Team
Football 5-a-side
Brazil has qualified for the football 5-a-side tournament.
Group play
Semi-final
Gold medal match
Rank:
Football 7-a-side
Brazil has qualified for the football 7-a-side tournament.
Group play
Semi-final
Bronze medal match
Goalball
Men's tournament
Group play
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Gold medal match
Rank:
Women's tournament
Group play
Quarter-final
Judo
Men
Women
Powerlifting
Men
Women
Rowing
Men
Sailing
Shooting
Swimming
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
Women
Teams
Volleyball
Men's tournament
Roster
Group play
Quarter-final
5th–8th place semi-final
5th/6th place match
Women's tournament
Roster
Group play
5th–8th place semi-final
5th/6th place match
Wheelchair basketball
Women's tournament
Group play
9th/10th place match
Wheelchair fencing
Wheelchair tennis
Men
Women
References
Nations at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
2012
Summer Paralympics
The busiest airports in Malaysia are measured according to data presented by Malaysia Airports Holdings Berhad. Among all top 20 busiest airports, the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) is the only airport which can land the A380. KLIA also has the longest runway in Malaysia, with 1 4,124 and 2 4,000 m runways.
Passenger traffic
A passenger is described as a person who departs, arrives or passes in condition of transit through any airport located between the borders of Malaysia at any point of time during a year. The data presented here includes the total number of departure, arrival and transit passengers for the years selected, and for both domestic and international flights arriving in scheduled and non-scheduled services.
Cargo traffic
The following is a list of 10 busiest airports in Malaysia in terms of cargo handling traffic. The cargo numbers are in metric tonnes.
Aircraft movements
Commercial aircraft movements
The following is a list of the 10 busiest airports in Malaysia in terms of number of commercial aircraft movements (take-off and landing).
Total aircraft movements
The following is a list of the 10 busiest airports in Malaysia in terms of total aircraft movements (take-off and landing). This may include commercial, private, training and military aircraft.
Busiest air routes
The busiest air route between two airports within Malaysia is the Kuala Lumpur - Kota Kinabalu sector. This sector is also the 45th busiest air route in the world for the period of August to September 2011. The second busiest route is the Kuala Lumpur - Kuching sector.
References
External links
KLIA info pages
Malaysia Airports Holdings Berhad
Department of Civil Aviation, Malaysia
Ministry of Transport, Malaysia
Airports in Malaysia
Malaysia
Ahmad Zikri bin Mohd Khalili (born 25 June 2002) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Selangor in the Malaysia Super League as a defender with play role as a left-back.
Club career
Early year
Zikri was born in Bandar Tun Razak, Pahang. Alongside with their current teammates Sikh Izhan Nazrel, they also a part of the Malaysia Pahang Sports School and Bukit Jalil Sports School until together make a transfer to AMD (Mokhtar Dahari Academy).<ref name="Early Career"
Selangor
Alongside with current teammates Izhan, Zikri moved to Selangor after graduated from AMD. They choose Selangor as the reason for the next destination to develop their talents. They represent academy club Selangor II and involved ten (10) matches for 2020 Malaysia Premier League season.
On 10 October 2020, Zikri make their senior debut and playing 90-minutes against FELDA United at Super League matches. They also involved the match against Melaka United at Malaysia Cup tournament, help the team going through the quarter-finals with a win by 2–1. On 2 December 2020, Selangor confirmed that Zikri would be definitely promoted to senior's first team for the 2021 season.
International career
Youth
Zikri has represented Malaysia at all youth level from the under 16-side to the under-19 sides. They represent the national team under-16 for the 2018 AFC U-16 Championship that took place in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. They played all matches on that tournament, but the squad failed to reach the knockout stage after their being eliminated at the group stage.
Then, they later moved up to represent the under 19s squad for 2018 AFF U-19 Youth Championship in the Vietnam. Zikri almost played all matches at the tournament, including semi-finals and final matches. However, the squad suddenly lost by the hand of Australia in the final by 1–0. After that, they also be a part of the squad under 19s for 2020 AFC U-19 Championship qualification, which they involved three matches at the group stage and help the team to through the final tournament.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
International
Malaysia U19
AFF U-19 Youth Championship runners-up : 2019
References
Malaysian footballers
Selangor FA players
Malaysia Premier League players
Malaysia Super League players
Malaysian people of Malay descent
People from Selangor
Association football forwards
Living people
2002 births
Competitors at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games competitors for Malaysia
Razorcuts were an indie pop band formed in 1984 in London. The group centred on Gregory Webster and Tim Vass (who were previously in The Cinematics), with various musicians including Peter Momtchiloff of Heavenly and Talulah Gosh, Angus Stevenson (later of the Relationships), and New Zealand drummer David Swift. Early releases on the Subway Organisation label, including the debut "Big Pink Cake", led to a deal with Creation Records, for whom they released two albums.
Razorcuts split up on 21 April 1990. Vass went on to form Red Chair Fadeaway, Dandelion Wine and, in 2022, silver biplanes. Webster formed The Carousel, Saturn V and then in the late 1990s Sportique. The duo reunited under the name Forever People in 1992 for a one-off single on Sarah Records.
Discography
Chart placings are from the UK Indie Chart.
Albums
Storyteller (1988, Creation Records, CRELP026)
The World Keeps Turning (1989, Creation Records, CRELP045/CRECD045; CD includes Storyteller)
Compilations
Patterns On The Water: A Retrospective (1991, Creation Records, CRECD119)
R Is For Razorcuts (2002, Matinée Recordings, MATCD12)
Singles and EPs
"Sad Kaleidoscope" (7" flexi, 1986, The Legend!, LEG 100) (split flexi with The Wolfhounds)
"Big Pink Cake" (7", 1986, Subway Organisation, SUBWAY 5) No. 44
"Sorry To Embarrass You" (7"/12", 1986, Subway Organisation, Subway 8(T)) No. 10
"Sad Kaleidoscope" (7" flexi, 1987, Sha-la-la, BA 002) (split flexi with Talulah Gosh given away with fanzines Are You Scared To Get Happy? No. 3 and Trout Fishing In Leytonstone No. 3)
"I Heard You The First Time" (7"/12", 1987, Flying Nun UK, FNUK9(T)) No. 15
"Sometimes I Worry About You" (7", 1990, Caff Corporation, CAFF10)
"A Is For Alphabet EP" (CD EP, 2003, Matinée Recordings, MATCD47)
References
British indie pop groups
Musical groups from London
Musical groups established in 1984
Musical groups disestablished in 1990
Creation Records artists
On Another Note is the second studio album by New Zealand musical trio Sole Mio. It was released on 9 October 2015 by Universal Music Group. The album debuted at number 1 on the New Zealand Albums Chart.
Track listing
"Stella"
"Mamma"
"That's Amore"
"L'Alba Separa Dalla Luce L'Ombra"
"I See Fire"
"Shenandoah"
"Santa Lucia"
"Che Gelida Manina (From La Bohème)"
"Jamaica Farewell"
"Edelweiss"
"Marechiare"
"Volare"
"Delilah"
"Jerusalem"
"Fix You" (Bonus Track)
"Dance With My Father" (Bonus Track)
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
New Zealand top 50 albums of 2015
List of number-one albums from the 2010s (New Zealand)
References
2015 albums
Universal Records albums
Sole Mio albums
What Do You Know About Rock 'N Roll? is the second studio album by Minneapolis hard rock band Slave Raider, released in the winter of 1988. It was the band's first album to be recorded for a major label. Despite snowballing success from a notoriously successful show at London's Marquee club, the album had little commercial success outside of the band's dedicated fan base.
Overview
After an extensive tour of London, the group joined Tsangarides to record their sophomore effort. According to guitar player Nicci Wikkid, the band was impressed with Tsangarides' production skills, but felt that they were not interested in the band. The second side is a loose rock opera about a totalitarian society in which rock and roll has been banned. "The High Priest of Good Times" is persecuted for playing it, and sent to a prison known as the "Iron Bar Motel". Because of poor promotion by their record label, the album was unsuccessful. This led to the departure of original members Nicci Wikkid and Letitia Rae. The band was dropped soon after, coming together one more time for their independently released third album Bigger, Badder, & Bolder with a revamped lineup.
Lead singer Chainsaw Caine viewed the album as a progression from their debut in both technical proficiency and songwriting. Metal Forces and Kerrang! writers shared this point of view, giving positive reviews of the album and the group's stage antics, particularly their show at the Marquee. The rock opera section of the album was partially written in response to the PMRC, even though Caine stated in an interview with Kerrang! that they did not see the PMRC having any staying power.
Reception
Kerrang! was very positive of the album, as was another reviewer from Metal Forces, but an Allmusic retrospective review gave the album very negative reception. According to Metal Forces, reviews for the album were very mixed depending on if the reviewer was willing to look past the band's image.
Track listing
2015 remastered edition
In 2015, Divebomb Records re-mastered the first two Slave Raider albums because of their scarce availability on the CD format. The reissue includes extensive liner notes with lyrics, a short biography, and informational clips relevant to the time era of the band. The re-mastered CD has significantly less dynamic range than the original RCA distributed disc.
Personnel
Slave Raider
Chainsaw Caine (Mike Findling) – lead vocals
Lance Sabin – electric and acoustic guitar
Nicci Wikkid (David Hussman) – electric and acoustic guitar, backing vocals
Letitia Rae – bass guitar, backing vocals
The Rock (Michael T Williams) – drums
Additional musicians
Don Airey - keyboards
Production
Chris Tsangarides – producer, engineer, mixing, arrangements
Mark Flannery - assistant engineer
Ian Tregoning - assistant engineer
Slave Raider - arrangements
Jamie King - re-mastering at The Basement Studios, Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Christopher Bissel - photography
Van Bro - back cover & comic
References
1988 albums
Slave Raider albums
The 1990–91 Lebanese Premier League season was the 31st season of the Lebanese Premier League, the top Lebanese professional league for association football clubs in the country, established in 1934.
Ansar, who were the defending champions, won their third consecutive—and overall—Lebanese Premier League title.
League table
References
External links
RSSSF
Lebanese Premier League seasons
Lebanon
1
Lyttelton Peak () is, at , the highest peak of the Cobham Range, Antarctica. It was mapped by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (1961–62) and given the family name of Charles Lyttelton, 10th Viscount Cobham, the then Governor-General of New Zealand.
References
Mountains of Oates Land
Katyn (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Smolensky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located approximately to the west of Smolensk, the administrative center of the oblast. The village had a population of 1,737 in 2007.
Geography
It is situated to the west of the city of Smolensk (about 18 km from its center) and circa 60 km from the Russian borders with Belarus. It has a station on the Berlin-Warsaw-Minsk-Moscow international railway line.
Climate
Katyn has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).
History
Before World War I, Gnezdovo with the Katyn Forest belonged to the Koźliński family. In the 19th century, Piotr Koźliński married Leokadia Lefftreu, the daughter of the director of the English railway construction company in Russia. Under the marriage articles Gniezdovo and Katyn became co-owned by the British.
Katyn massacre
The Katyn Forest, in the vicinity of the village, was the site of the Katyn massacre during World War II, in which thousands of captured Polish officers and other citizens were killed. On 5 March 1940, Stalin approved, together with Voroshilov, Mikoyan and Molotov, a proposal from Beria that lead to the assassination of 21,857 Poles.
Despite claims by the Poles, the Soviet Union blamed Nazi Germany for the mass murders and attempted to hide its involvement, going as far as to ban all mention of the Katyn massacre in the USSR. In 1990, Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev admitted that the NKVD had executed the Poles and confirmed two other burial sites similar to the site at Katyn: Mednoye and Piatykhatky. A number of earlier mass graves of victims of the Soviet system have also been found there, because Katyn Forest had long been used as an execution site for Soviet citizens.
The NKVD resolved to execute prisoners of war and "members of various counter-revolutionary organisations, former landowners, factory owners, former Polish officers, officials and escapees". In 2004, Polish prosecutors described this as a plan to eliminate in part the "intellectual elite of the Polish Nation", so as "to prevent the rebirth of Polish statehood".
The 2007 Polish film Katyń, directed by Andrzej Wajda, is an interpretation of the events that led up to the mass execution.
See also
List of Polish Martyrdom sites
Bronisław Bohatyrewicz
References
External links
Officiаl site of the State memorial complex «Katyn»
Rural localities in Smolensk Oblast
Smolensky Uyezd
Henrik Rasmussen (born 13 June 1968) is a Danish former professional footballer who made 322 appearances in the Superliga for AaB.
References
1968 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Danish Superliga players
Association football midfielders
AaB Fodbold players
Acrocinonide (developmental code name SD 2102-18; also known as triamcinolone acroleinide) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Acroleinides
Primary alcohols
Secondary alcohols
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Diketones
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
The Imiut fetish (jmy-wt) is a religious object that has been documented throughout the history of ancient Egypt. It was a stuffed, headless animal skin, often of a feline or bull. This fetish was tied by the tail to a pole, terminating in a lotus bud and inserted into a stand. The item was present in ancient Egyptian funerary rites from at least the earliest dynasties. Although its origin and purpose is unknown, the imiut fetish dates as far back as the First Dynasty (3100–2890 BC).
History
The earliest known depiction of the jmy-wt fetish is on a Predynastic lug handle dating to Naqada IIc-d, which appears to show the procedure by which intestines were extracted from a sacrificial bird and tied to the fetish. In the First Dynasty, the fetish appears on seals and labels during the reigns of kings Hor-Aha, Djer, Djet, and Den, where the jmy-wt is associated with ritual killings of prisoners. Another example found in 1914 by an expedition of the Metropolitan Museum of Art near the pyramid of Senusret I (c. 1971-1928 BCE) was placed in a shrine.
There are depictions of the imiut fetish on ancient Egyptian temples, and sometimes there were models of it included with the funerary equipment, most notably the two found in the burial chamber of Tutankhamun by Howard Carter. The fetish was later connected to the god Anubis and mummification around the Fourth Dynasty, so it is sometimes called the Anubis fetish.
Meaning
Logan suggests that the jmy.wt has its origin as a standard associated with kingship and transition, a pole upon which the intestines of a ritual animal sacrifice were hung. This they connect to an etymology jmy.wt "that which is inside", analogous to jmyw "tumor". In this scenario, the name was later reanalyzed as a reference to embalming after the association with Anubis.
Notes
Egyptian artefact types
Ancient Egyptian symbols
Gerzeh culture
Van Buren County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 17,295. The county seat is Clinton. The county was formed on November 11, 1833, and named for Martin Van Buren, President of the United States, who was Vice President at the time of the county's formation. Van Buren County was a dry county until November 3, 2020 as the county residents voted to make it a wet county.
Van Buren County should not be confused with the city of Van Buren, which is located approximately 100 miles to the west in Crawford County just north of Fort Smith.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.2%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 65
Arkansas Highway 9
Arkansas Highway 16
Arkansas Highway 27
Arkansas Highway 92
Arkansas Highway 95
Arkansas Highway 110
Arkansas Highway 124
Arkansas Highway 254
Arkansas Highway 285
Arkansas Highway 330
Arkansas Highway 336
Arkansas Highway 337
Arkansas Highway 356
Adjacent counties
Searcy County (north)
Stone County (northeast)
Cleburne County (east)
Faulkner County (southeast)
Conway County (southwest)
Pope County (west)
National protected area
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 15,796 people, 6,813 households, and 4,631 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 16,192 people, 6,825 households, and 4,804 families residing in the county. The population density was 23 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 9,164 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.79% White, 0.31% Black or African American, 0.75% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.37% from other races, and 1.48% from two or more races. 1.33% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race, but the percentage could increase 3 or 4 times by seasonal migrant laborers in the county's shiitake mushroom harvest and hospitality jobs provided by the Fairfield Bay resort hotel.
There were 6,825 households, out of which 25.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.10% were married couples living together, 7.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.60% were non-families. 26.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.79.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 21.50% under the age of 18, 6.60% from 18 to 24, 23.00% from 25 to 44, 25.50% from 45 to 64, and 23.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 96.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,004, and the median income for a family was $32,284. Males had a median income of $25,821 versus $18,862 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,603. About 11.60% of families and 15.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.90% of those under age 18 and 10.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Arkansas and the Arkansas Code. The quorum court is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are called justices of the peace and are elected from county districts every even-numbered year. The number of districts in a county vary from nine to fifteen, and district boundaries are drawn by the county election commission. The Van Buren County Quorum Court has nine members. Presiding over quorum court meetings is the county judge, who serves as the chief operating officer of the county. The county judge is elected at-large and does not vote in quorum court business, although capable of vetoing quorum court decisions.
Politics
Over the past few election cycles Van Buren County, like all of the traditionally secessionist and Democratic Upland South, has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
Clinton (county seat)
Fairfield Bay (partly in Cleburne County)
Towns
Damascus (partly in Faulkner County)
Shirley
Census-designated place
Dennard
Other unincorporated communities
Alread
Archey Valley
Austin
Bee Branch
Botkinburg
Chimes
Choctaw
Choctaw Pines
Claude
Copeland
Crabtree
Culpepper
Dabney
Eglantine
Elba
Fairbanks
Formosa
Gravesville
Gravel Hill
Green Tree
Half Moon
Morganton
Old Botkinburg
Palisades
Pee Dee
Plant
Pleasant Grove
Rabbit Ridge
Rex
Rocky Hill
Rumley
Rupert
Scotland
Southside
Stumptoe
Sulphur Springs
Walnut Grove
Whipple
Woodlum
Zion Hill
Townships
See also
List of lakes in Van Buren County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Van Buren County, Arkansas
References
External links
Map of Van Buren County from the U. S. Census Bureau
Van Buren County official website
Van Buren County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1833 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1833
"Tryin' to Get to You" is a song written by R&B singer songwriters Rose Marie McCoy and Charles Singleton. It was originally recorded by the Washington DC vocal group The Eagles in 1954 and released in mid-1954 on Mercury Records 70391. The format of the title on The Eagles' record was “Tryin' to Get to You”, with an apostrophe.
The song was also recorded by Elvis Presley in 1955 on their then unissued Sun recordings.
Presley recorded five versions of the song. The first on March 23, 1955 and the second on July 11, 1955, with the second session being released during their lifetime. They also recorded live versions of the song on Elvis (NBC TV Special), Elvis: As Recorded Live on Stage in Memphis, and Elvis in Concert. On the earlier version that appeared on the 1999 album, Sunrise, Presley recorded this song while simultaneously playing the piano (and not aided by their rhythm guitar, as previously believed). Because their piano playing was not up to the expected standards, producer Sam Phillips erased the
sound of the piano on the master take so, in addition to Elvis' vocals, all one hears is the lead guitar, bass, and drums. Elvis' piano is heard on the July session version and appeared on their self-titled 1956 LP.
Presley's vocal delivery appears to be influenced by that of The Eagles' lead singer, although taking the two warbles at 0.56 and 2.12 one step forward by extending their vocals so that they meet, then join (and without any stops nor breathing space in between), the first and second verses. In addition, Scotty Moore's guitar solo on the Presley recording replaces a saxophone solo heard on the original.
The track was released on Presley's March 1956 RCA debut album Elvis Presley. It also featured on the famous 1976 The Sun Sessions release and on numerous other Elvis efforts and collections as well.
“Trying To Get To You” was next released by The Teen Kings with Roy Orbison in March 1956 as Je-Wel JE-101 backed with “Ooby Dooby” on the B-side.
A version by Johnny Carroll also then ensued, being made on Decca Records on May 19, 1956 (Decca 9-29940).
Ricky Nelson was the next to give treatment of the song in 1959.
After Eric Burdon performed it a few times on their own shows they reunited with The Animals in 1983 and recorded the song in the studio. It appeared on their album Ark. It was also included on their live shows before they disbanded again in early 1984.
Later it was also covered by Johnny Rivers, Faith Hill, Susie Arioli, Gene Summers, Phil Seymour, and many others.
The song was adapted by Paul McCartney to create "In Spite of All the Danger", the first ever original song recorded by the Quarrymen, the precursor to the Beatles.
References
Further reading
Re: Eagles, post by TerryG at doowopcafe, Yahoo! Groups, October 26, 2010, retrieved 17 July 2013
American songs
1954 songs
1954 singles
Rhythm and blues songs
Elvis Presley songs
Roy Orbison songs
The Animals songs
Faith Hill songs
Gene Summers songs
Songs written by Rose Marie McCoy
Songs written by Charles Singleton (songwriter)
Mercury Records singles
RCA Victor singles
Heka (; ; Coptic: hik; also transliterated Hekau) was the deification of magic and medicine in ancient Egypt. The name is the Egyptian word for "magic". According to Egyptian literature (Coffin text, spell 261), Heka existed "before duality had yet come into being." The term ḥk3 was also used to refer to the practice of magical rituals.
Name
The name Heka is identical with the Egyptian word ḥk3w "magic". This hieroglyphic spelling includes the symbol for the word ka (kꜣ), the ancient Egyptian concept of the vital force.
Beliefs
The Old Kingdom Pyramid Texts depict ḥk3w as a supernatural energy that the gods possess. The "cannibal pharaoh" must devour other gods to gain this magical power. Eventually, Heka was elevated to a deity in their own right, and a cult devoted to them developed. By the time of the Coffin Texts, Heka is said to have been created at the beginning of time by the creator Atum. Later Heka is depicted as part of the tableau of the divine solar barge as a protector of Osiris capable of blinding crocodiles. Then, during the Ptolemaic dynasty, Heka's role was to proclaim the pharaoh's enthronement as a son of Isis, holding them in their arms.
Heka also appears as part of a divine triad in Esna, capital of the Third Nome, where they are the son of ram-headed Khnum and a succession of goddesses. Their mother was alternately said to be Nebetu'u (a form of Hathor), lion-headed Menhit, and the cow goddess Mehetweret, before settling on Neith, a war and mother goddess.
Other deities connected with the force of ḥk3w include Hu, Sia, and Werethekau, whose name means "she who has great magic".
As Egyptologist Ogden Goelet (1994) explains, magic in The Egyptian Book of the Dead is problematic: The text uses various words corresponding to 'magic', for the Egyptians thought magic was a legitimate belief. As Goelet explains:
Heka magic is many things, but, above all, it has a close association with speech and the power of the word. In the realm of Egyptian magic, actions did not necessarily speak louder than words – they were often one and the same thing. Thought, deed, image, and power are theoretically united in the concept of heka. — O. Goelet (1994)
References
Egyptian gods
Health gods
Magic gods
Medicine deities
Magic (supernatural)
ca:Llista de personatges de la mitologia egípcia#H
Sergio Bergamelli (born 16 August 1970) is an Italian former World Cup alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1998 Winter Olympics.
Career
In their career Bergamelli has participated in two Winter Olympics, a world championship. They won a World Cup race in giant (1992) and an Italian title (1995), also in giant.
The four Bergamelli ski brothers
The Bergamellis were four brothers, Sergio (born 1970), Norman (born 1971), Thomas (born 1973) and Giancarlo (born 1974), and all four were World Cup alpine skiers.
World Cup results
Wins
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers of Fiamme Gialle
People from Alzano Lombardo
Sportspeople from the Province of Bergamo
Erskine Oglesby (January 20, 1937 – March 7, 2004) was an American tenor saxophonist and blues singer. They were a native of St. Louis and as a teenager they played in a local band with Chuck Berry. They later played with Little Milton, Albert King, and Ike Turner's Kings of Rhythm. Oglesby also recorded as a solo artist and released a few albums on Black & Tan Records.
Biography
Oglesby was born in the St. Louis neighborhood of Mill Creek Valley on January 20, 1937. By the age of 14, they were playing in a local band with guitarist Chuck Berry. Oglesby attended Vashon High School in St. Louis.
As a teenager, Oglesby joined the Air Force near the end of the Korean War. After their service, they joined Billy Gayles' band in 1958. Through Gayles, they met bandleader Ike Turner and joined their Kings of Rhythm as a baritone player and vocalist. Oglesby left the band because they didn't want to tour.
Through the years, Oglesby played saxophone on records by various R&B and blues artists such Ike & Tina Turner, Albert King, Little Milton, and Benny Sharp. Not wanting to limit themselves to only R&B and blues, Oglesby also played with local jazz acts including, Terry Williams and the Sound Merchants and the quartet Tres' Bien.
While working as a musician, they also held day jobs as a dishwasher and street worker for the YMCA helping unemployed people find jobs. Oglesby earned a degree in social work and worked with inner city kids.
In 1986 and 1987, Oglesby toured Europe with several original members of the Kings of Rhythm, including Clayton Love, Billy Gayles, Stacy Johnson, Oliver Sain, and former Ikette Robbie Montgomery. They were known as the St. Louis Kings of Rhythm. Mayor Vincent Schoemehl officially appointed them as ambassadors for the City of St. Louis. They recorded a double album for Timeless Records in the Netherlands.
After the blues revival in the 1990s, Oglesby returned to playing music full-time and they released two albums on Black & Tan Records.
Oglesby died on March 7, 2004.  They are buried at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery in St. Louis County, Missouri.
Discography
Studio albums
2000: Blues Dancin''' (Black & Tan)
2001: Honkin' & Shoutin' (Black & Tan)
Album appearances
2004: Straight Blues 4U (Black & Tan)
2005: Keeping Living Music Alive (Black & Tan)
2007: Black & Tan Sampler, Vol. 2 (Black & Tan)
Albums as a sideman
1987: St. Louis Kings Of Rhythm – Rhythm And Blues Showtime With St. Louis Kings Of Rhythm (Timeless Records)
2000: Tommy Bankhead – Message To St. Louis'' (Fedora Records)
References
External links
Erskine Oglesby Credits on AllMusic
Erskine Oglesby on Find a Grave
1937 births
2004 deaths
African-American jazz musicians
African-American woodwind musicians
African-American saxophonists
American male saxophonists
American jazz tenor saxophonists
American rhythm and blues musicians
American blues saxophonists
American blues singers
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century saxophonists
21st-century saxophonists
Musicians from St. Louis
St. Louis blues musicians
Ike & Tina Turner members
Kings of Rhythm members
United States Air Force personnel of the Korean War
The crimson-mantled woodpecker (Colaptes rivolii) is a bird species in the woodpecker family (Picidae). It was formerly placed in the genus Piculus but moved to the genus Colaptes after mitochondrial DNA sequencing. Its scientific name, rivolii, honors French ornithologist François Victor Masséna, third Duke of Rivoli and third Prince of Essling.
The sex of the species can be determined by the crown and malar. The males carry a dark red malar with a red crown, while the females have both a black malar and crown. Breeding times are largely unknown, with different scientific reports spotting nests from January all the way to November.
Its diet consists of arthropods such as ants, a spider, a millipede, and beetle larvae, along with fruits such as melastomes and rubiacs (going out of its way to avoid the invasive gorse). Its foraging behavior is to search for prey along moss- and lichen-covered trees, leaf stems, rotting trunks, and on the ground in small clearings.
Song
All subspecies, with the exception of atriceps, have a quiet rapid monotone kee'r'r-ker'r-ke'r'r" call, whereas atriceps has been described as more of a churn ... grr'r'r'r'l".
Distribution
It is found in, and native to, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It primarily stays within the elevation 1,800m-3,500m above sea level, but there have been sightings as far down as 700m.
Subspecies
Five subspecies are recognized:
C. r. quindiuna (Chapman 1923)
C. r. rivolii (Boissonneau 1840)
C. r. meridae (Chapman 1923)
C. r. brevirostris (Taczanowski 1874)
C. r. atriceps (Sclater and Salvin 1876)
References
crimson-mantled woodpecker
Birds of the Northern Andes
crimson-mantled woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Giles Penny is a British sculptor and painter. Some of their work is exhibited outdoors in Canary Wharf.
Penny is a member of the Royal British Society of Sculptors. Felicity Green selected a sculpture by Giles Penny as their luxury item for Desert Island Discs.
References
1962 births
British sculptors
Living people
The Taiwan Representative Office in the Republic of Somaliland () is the representative office of the Republic of China in the Republic of Somaliland, which functions as a substantial embassy.
Introduction
On August 17, 2020, the inauguration ceremony of the representative office was held outside the representative office in the capital of Somaliland Hargeisa. The inauguration ceremony was co-hosted by Allen Chenhwa Luo, the representative of the country in Somaliland, and the foreign minister of Somaliland, Yasin Haji Mohamoud. The national flags of the Republic of China (Taiwan) and Somaliland, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Taiwan) took the video link to give speeches, and signed a bilateral technical cooperation agreement with Yasin Haji Mohamoud simultaneously. The unveiling ceremony first played the President Tsai Ing-wen pre-recorded congratulatory video, and then Joseph Wu, the foreign minister of Taiwan, gave a speech through a video connection. Important guests attending the ceremony included the heads of Somaliland's Ministry of Finance and Development, the Ministry of Planning and Development, the Department of Immigration, and the president of the Central Bank. A total of about 50 dignitaries and parliamentarians attended the ceremony, as well as personnel from diplomatic missions in Somaliland Attend the ceremony.
Wu said in a speech that since 2009, Taiwan and Somaliland have cooperated in the fields of medical and health, education and maritime security. After the official operation of the representative office, the cooperation between the two countries will continue to expand and deepen. US Department of Health Chief Azar praised during their recent visit to Taiwan, "Taiwan is indeed an important friend of the United States at this difficult time." Taiwan will also adhere to this belief to communicate with Somaliland, and continue to cooperate with partners with similar ideas to jointly promote regional stability and prosperity. In their speech, Mu Yassin thanked the Taiwanese government and people for their contributions and efforts to strengthen the relationship between the two countries. They pointed out that with the increasing international importance of the Horn of Africa, the Red Sea, and the Gulf of Aden region, now is the best time for Taiwan to strengthen bilateral economic and trade relations on the basis of mutual benefit.
Minister Wu and Foreign Minister Mohamoud signed the "Technical Cooperation Agreement between the Government of the Republic of China (Taiwan) and the Government of the Republic of Somaliland" by video on behalf of the governments of the two countries after the unveiling ceremony. The consortium International Cooperation and Development Foundation will set up the "Taiwan Technical Mission in Somaliland" in Somaliland to continue to deepen the Taiwan-Somaliland partnership of mutual benefit and common prosperity.
See also
Republic of Somaliland Representative Office in Taiwan
Somaliland–Taiwan relations
List of diplomatic missions of Taiwan
List of diplomatic missions in Somaliland
References
External links
Taiwan Representative Office in the Republic of Somaliland
2020 establishments in Somaliland
Organisations based in Hargeisa
Somaliland–Taiwan relations
Somaliland
Ghoul is a 2015 Czech 3D horror film, directed by Petr Jákl, written by Jákl and Petr Bok, and starring Jennifer Armour, Jeremy Isabella, and Paul S. Tracey. An American film crew goes to Ukraine to investigate stories of widespread cannibalism, only to summon the spirit of Andrei Chikatilo, a notorious serial killer and cannibal. It is shot in found footage format.
Plot
Drawn by stories of widespread cannibalism during the Holodomor famines of the 1930s in Soviet Ukraine, an amateur filming crew from America interviews subjects in Kyiv. They find that the urban legends confirm what had happened, and are they led to a local psychic-cum-clairvoyant, who tells them that paranormal entities were behind the bloodshed. The crew does not take their warning seriously, in drunkenness they perform a séance involving a pentagram, in which they mockingly summon the disembodied ghost of Andrei Chikatilo, a notorious serial killer and cannibal who was active in the late 1970s and 1980s. The next morning, strange and eerie occurrences startle the crew, while they are unable to leave the place or get help. The Ukrainian psychic tries but fails to evict Chikatilo's presence, following which all hell breaks lose, they themselves get possessed and Chikatilo begins their killing spree again, they meet their gruesome ends, all alone and one by one.
Cast
Jennifer Armour as Jenny
Jeremy Isabella as Ethan
Paul S. Tracey as Ryan
Alina Golovlyova as Katarina
Inna Belikova as Inna
Production
Shooting began in November 2011 in Ukraine and lasted for three weeks. After they finished editing in summer 2012, director Jákl shot more footage in Prague and the surrounding area over another ten days. Jákl finished post-production in 2015, two weeks before the premiere. The film was shot in 3D and was not converted. Jákl was inspired to make a film about Chikatilo after they heard stories from Ukrainians at a film festival where they were showing their first film.
Release
Ghoul premiered on 26 February 2015 in the Czech Republic in both 2D and 3D. It was a box office success there. It was released in the United States on 20 March 2015.
Reception
The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 25% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 8 reviews, with an average rating of 3.58/10. Metacritic, another review aggregator, gave it a weighted average score of 32 out of 100 based on 4 reviews, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". André Crous of The Prague Post wrote, "The decision to add a real cannibal to the mix won't push it into the realm of terror that Cannibal Holocaust or even The Blair Witch Project occupy, but it does help drive the story when there is little else happening." Justin Lowe of The Hollywood Reporter called it "derivative, uninspired material" that requires "an inordinate amount of patience" for any payoff. Maitland McDonagh of Film Journal International wrote, "And while Ghoul doesn't exactly crackle, it is remarkably creepy, even if it's hard to work up a lot of initial sympathy for the callow, smug young filmmakers". Martin Tsai of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "Ghoul can't decide whether it should be about cannibals, serial killers, ghosts or demons". Michael Gingold of Fangoria rated it 1.5/5 stars and wrote that it "ultimately offers nothing new to the supernatural/mock-doc horror subgenres". Rob Staeger of The Village Voice wrote that characters are difficult to distinguish, but it "rewards attention for much of its running time with subtle scares and growing unease, before squandering it in a shaky chase through twisted corridors that goes nowhere unexpected." Pat Torfe of Bloody Disgusting rated it 2/5 stars and wrote, "Despite it being a hit in its native Czech Republic, Ghoul fails at being nothing more than a rip-off of the films that have come before it (and have done it MUCH better)." Martin Kudlac of Twitch Film wrote, "An incremental step for the genre, but a big jump for Petr Jákl, Ghoul proves that a domestic production can be carried out and achieve international standards, and can even be vital enough to beat the competition."
It won the Vicious Cat Award at the Grossmann film and wine festival.
References
External links
2015 films
2015 3D films
2015 horror films
2010s ghost films
2010s serial killer films
2010s supernatural horror films
Czech horror films
Ukrainian-language films
Films about cannibalism
Films about witchcraft
Films set in Kyiv
Films shot in Prague
Films shot in Ukraine
Found footage films
English-language Czech films
2010s English-language films
was a Japanese rōkyoku and enka singer. They took part in the Kōhaku Uta Gassen 27 times.
Murata was born as a son of rōkyoku singer and . However, they were immediately adopted by and became their stepfather. Their real name was . They studied rōkyoku under one of Kumoemon Tochuken's disciples, Kumo Sakai.
Murata was scouted by Masao Koga, debuting with in 1958. Their 1961 single "Ōshō" sold over one million copies. Along with Hachiro Kasuga and Michiya Mihashi, they became a famous enka singer and Haruo Minami was regarded as their rival. They died on June 13, 2002.
References
External links
Memorial Hall of Hideo Murata
1929 births
2002 deaths
Enka singers
Nippon Columbia artists
Japanese racehorse owners and breeders
Musicians from Fukuoka Prefecture
20th-century Japanese male singers
People from Ukiha, Fukuoka
Tacoronte-Acentejo is a Spanish Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) for wines located in the Anaga Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the island of Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain). It was the first region in the Canary Islands to acquire DO status, in 1992. It covers the municipalities of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, San Cristóbal de La Laguna, El Rosario, Tegueste, Tacoronte, El Sauzal, La Matanza de Acentejo, La Victoria de Acentejo and Santa Úrsula.
Covering around 1,000 ha, it is the largest DOP on Tenerife and represents 40% of the total cultivated land area and 20% of the vineyards of the island.
Geography
The vineyards are located at elevations of between 100 m and 1,000 m above sea level. They are planted on terraces on very steep hillsides facing north and looking over the sea.
Soils
The vines are planted in very fertile soil which is reddish. The soil is poor in carbonates but rich in organic matter and minerals, especially nitrogen, potassium and phosphorus. The subsoil is volcanic in origin.
Climate
The Atlantic Ocean provides a humid climate with mild temperatures and frequent mists. It is basically a Mediterranean climate influenced by the orientation of the island and the steel slopes, which gives rise to a great variety of microclimates. The prevailing trade winds are mild and humid.
Frost is unknown on the island, but hail, strong winds and occasional heatwaves represent risks for grape-growers.
Authorised Grape Varieties
The authorised grape varieties are:
Red: Listán Negro, Negramoll, Malvasía Rosada, Castellana Negra, Moscatel Negro, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Pinot Noir, Ruby Cabernet, Syrah, Tempranillo, Bastardo Tinto, Listán Prieto, Vijariego Negro
White: Gual, Malvasía Volcánica, Malvasía Aromática, Doradilla, Bermejuela, Verdello, Moscatel de Alejandría, Vijariego, Forastera Blanca, Albillo, Sabro, Listán Blanco, Pedro Ximénez, Torrontés, Bastardo Blanco, Breval, Burrablanca
Traditionally the vines were planted as low bushes (en vaso) though newly planted vineyards tend to be on trellises (en espaldera). The maximum authorized planting density is 3,000 vines/ha. In practice, the yield is significantly lower than the authorised maximum.
References
External links
D.O.P. Tacoronte-Acentejo official website
Wine regions of Spain
Spanish wine
Appellations
Wine classification
Canary Islands cuisine
Tenerife
Joshua Atwill Pais (born June 21, 1958) is an American actor and acting coach. They have appeared in the films Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990), Music of the Heart (1999), Assassination of a High School President (2008), I Saw the Light (2015) and Motherless Brooklyn (2019). They also appeared in nine episodes of Ray Donovan.
 They are also the director of the 2002 documentary 7th Street (the street they grew up on in Alphabet City, Manhattan) depicting various personages living there between the years 1992-2002.
Early life
Pais was born in New York City, New York, and is the son of Lila Lee (née Atwill), a painter and poet, and Dutch-born physicist, professor, and writer Abraham Pais. Their father was from a Jewish family, and their mother converted to Judaism.
Career
They have appeared in Hollywood films including Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (in which they were both in the costume and was the voice) as Raphael, Music of the Heart, Scream 3, It Runs in the Family, Phone Booth, Little Manhattan and Find Me Guilty. They played Assistant M.E. Borak in 15 episodes of the series Law & Order, between 1990 and 2002. They also played the Spanish teacher in the film Assassination of a High School President. They had a recurring role as an obnoxious movie producer on the American crime drama series Ray Donovan. They also appeared as a lawyer on 2 Broke Girls.
Personal life
Pais married actor Lisa Emery on August 27, 1990.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Male actors from New York City
American acting coaches
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American people of Dutch-Jewish descent
American people of Portuguese-Jewish descent
Jewish American male actors
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Drama teachers
20th-century American Jews
21st-century American Jews
American people of Portuguese descent
James Clinkskill (May 9, 1853 – August 6, 1936) was a Canadian politician and engineer, merchant, author and justice of the peace.
Early life
Clinkskill was educated at St. Andrews University and Madras College. They moved to the Northwest Territories in 1882. In 1884, they got married.
Political career
Northwest Territories Assembly
Clinkskill was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories, winning the Battleford electoral district. They ran in the 1888 Northwest Territories general election and defeated Daniel Livingstone Clink in a hotly contested battle by 24 votes. They would run for a second term in office in the 1891 Northwest Territories general election, slightly increasing their margin of victory. They were re-elected for a third term in the 1894 Northwest Territories general election. After their third term expired in 1898 Clinkskill did not run again for their seat. They returned to territorial politics by running in a by-election held on December 19, 1902. The by-election was held in the Saskatoon electoral district; they won, defeating candidate Benjamin Chubb by 14 votes.
Mayor of Saskatoon
Clinkskill became Mayor of Saskatoon for the first time in 1906. They would serve a second stint as Mayor from 1911 to 1912. In commemoration of their work as mayor, Clinkskill Drive in the neighbourhood of Nutana Park is named in their honour.
Published works
Three books were published about James Clinkskill, written by Arthur Morten and Co authored by Clinkskill themselves the books feature their memories about their life in the early days as Mayor of Saskatoon Saskatchewan.
Reminiscences of a pioneer in Saskatchewan. 1927. (Co authored with Arthur Morton)
Narrative of ex-mayor James Clinkskill. 1927. (Co authored with Arthur Morton)
Narratives of Saskatoon, 1882–1912. 1927. (Co authored with Arthur Morton)
References
External links
1853 births
1936 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories
Mayors of Saskatoon
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Naauwpoort is a populated place in the Emalahleni Local Municipality, Nkangala District Municipality in the Mpumalanga Province of South Africa.
As of the 2011 census, Naauwpoort had 142 households.
See also
List of populated places in South Africa
References
Populated places in the Emalahleni Local Municipality, Mpumalanga
Sir Laurence Anthony Wallis New (born 25 February 1932) is a former British Army officer who served as Assistant Chief of the General Staff and Assistant Chief of the Defence Staff in the mid-1980s.
Military career
Educated at King William's College located in Castletown on the Isle of Man and the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, New was commissioned into the Royal Tank Regiment in 1952. They were appointed Brigade Major of 20th Armoured Brigade in 1968, Commanding Officer of 4th Royal Tank Regiment in 1971 and Defence and Military attaché in Tel Aviv in 1974. They then went on to be Brigadier General Staff (Intelligence) dealing with Northern Ireland intelligence in 1980, Chief of Staff at the Defence Intelligence Centre for the Falklands War in 1982 before becoming Assistant Chief of the General Staff in 1983. They went on to be Assistant Chief of the Defence Staff in 1984 before retiring in 1985. They were also Colonel Commandant of the Royal Tank Regiment from 1986 to 1993.
In retirement they became Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man as well as presiding officer of the Tynwald. They were also president of the Soldiers' and Airmen's Scripture Readers Association and international president of the Association of Military Christian Fellowships and has written a history of the 4th and 7th Royal Tank Regiments.
Family
In 1956 they married Anna Doreen Verity; they have two sons and two daughters.
References
|-
|-
1932 births
British Army generals
Knights Bachelor
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at King William's College
Royal Tank Regiment officers
Lieutenant Governors of the Isle of Man
Living people
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
British military personnel of The Troubles (Northern Ireland)
Arthur Foster may refer to:
Arthur Foster (footballer, born 1869) (1869–?), English footballer
Arthur Foster (footballer, born 1894) (1894–1954), English footballer and cricketer
Arthur B. Foster (1872–1958), Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama
, is a Japanese pop singer and songwriter. In 1988, when they were attending college in Doshisha University, a Japanese pop band Tokyo Shōnen was formed in which they became the songwriter and vocalist. After the band broke up, they became a solo artist in 1993.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Anime musicians
Doshisha University alumni
Japanese women pop singers
Japanese guitarists
Japanese women singer-songwriters
Musicians from Kyoto
20th-century Japanese women singers
21st-century Japanese women singers
The North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball program in various categories, including points, three-pointers, assists, blocks, rebounds, and steals. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Tar Heels represent the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the NCAA's Atlantic Coast Conference.
North Carolina began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1910. However, the school's record book does not generally list records from before the 1950s, as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent. Since scoring was much lower in this era, and teams played much fewer games during a typical season, it is likely that few or no players from this era would appear on these lists anyway.
The NCAA did not officially record assists as a stat until the 1983–84 season, and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season, but North Carolina's record books includes players in these stats before these seasons. These lists are updated through the end of the 2020–21 season.
Scoring
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
References
North Carolina
Statistical
Crested Butte is a prominent mountain summit in the Elk Mountains range of the Rocky Mountains of North America. The peak is in Gunnison National Forest, northeast by east (bearing 59°) of the Town of Crested Butte in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States. Ski lifts and runs of the Crested Butte Mountain Resort occupy the north side of the mountain.
Climate
The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for Crested Butte is "Dfc" which is continental subarctic. This climate type is dominated by the winter season with a long, bitterly cold period of minimal daylight hours, heavy snowfall and low humidity. The annual snowfall average is with January recording the highest average snowfall at . July is the warmest month with an average temperature of while January is the coldest month with an average temperature of . The average temperature for the year is .
Geology
Crested Butte is a laccolith, formed when magma intruded into Mancos Shale approximately 30 million years ago. Subsequently the softer, overlying sedimentary rock has eroded away, exposing the more resistant igneous rock. The bulk of Crested Butte is composed of quartz monzonite porphyry and granodiorite porphyry. The lower slopes consist of Mancos Shale overlain with debris from the granitic slopes above. The Mancos Shale at the base of Crested Butte can be an unstable substrate for building and result in geologic hazards such as landslides and earthflows.
Crested Butte is one of over a dozen laccoliths in the Elk and adjacent West Elk Mountains. The magma intrusions associated with these laccoliths resulted in contact metamorphism of the surrounding sedimentary rock and mineralization. The metamorphism also altered the bituminous coal present in the sedimentary rock into a higher quality coal, including anthracite, which was mined extensively in the Crested Butte area during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Gallery
See also
List of Colorado mountain ranges
List of Colorado mountain summits
List of Colorado fourteeners
List of Colorado 4000 meter prominent summits
List of the most prominent summits of Colorado
List of Colorado county high points
References
External links
Mountains of Colorado
Mountains of Gunnison County, Colorado
Gunnison National Forest
North American 3000 m summits
Oligocene magmatism
Laccoliths
is a railway station on the high-speed Sanyo Shinkansen in Higashihiroshima, Hiroshima, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Higashihiroshima Station is served by the Sanyo Shinkansen from in the east to in the west.
Station layout
The station has two side platforms serving two tracks, with two centre tracks for non-stop passing trains. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
Buses
History
The station opened on 13 March 1988.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Shinkansen
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1988
SDC Group/Balbala is a Djiboutian football club based in Balbala, Djibouti City. It currently plays in the top domestic Djibouti Premier League and is owned by Moussa Abdourahman Gabood.
References
External links
Soccerway – Club Profile
Football clubs in Djibouti
Anuradha "Anu" Vaidyanathan is an Indian writer, entrepreneur and triathlete.  They are the first Indian to complete Ironman Triathlon, doing so in 2006.
Early life
Vaidyanathan was born in New Delhi, India. Vaidyanathan earned Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Computer Engineering from Purdue University and North Carolina State University. They pursued their PhD in Electrical Engineering from University of Canterbury, Christchurch, New Zealand.
Career
In 2009, while working towards their PhD, they became the first Asian woman to complete the Ultraman Canada event.  They are the first India-based athlete to train for an participate in Ironman Triathlon. Vaidyanathan was the first Indian woman to have qualified for the Half Ironman 70.3 Clearwater World Championship in 2008
They have served as the visiting faculty at IIM Ahmedabad and IIT Ropar. Them memoir Anywhere But Home – Adventures in Endurance, was published in 2016.
See also
Sports in India
References
External links
Official website
Living people
People from New Delhi
1984 births
Indian female triathletes
Violaine Averous (born 15 March 1985 at Toulouse) is a French athlete, who specializes in race walking.
Biography
Prize list
French Championships in Athletics :
winner of 10 000 m walk: 2013
Records
Notes and references
External links
profile Violaine Aveorus on the site of the FFA
1985 births
Living people
French female racewalkers
Zhilino () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 21 as of 2002.
Geography
Zhilino is located 58 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Bykovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Papua New Guinea first participated at the Olympic Games in 1976, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then, except when the nation participated in the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics. The nation has never won a medal and has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
Swimmer Ryan Pini is the country's most successful athlete to date, having reached the final of the men's 100 metre butterfly event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The National Olympic Committee for Papua New Guinea was created in 1973 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1974.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Papua New Guinea at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Papua New Guinea
Papua New Guinea at the Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
Mürseller can refer to:
Mürseller, Karamanlı
Mürseller, Osmangazi
Vaccinogen Inc. is a US biotechnology company based in Baltimore. It is currently developing a potential cancer immunotherapy called OncoVAX, where a patient's own tumor cells are used as the vaccine, adjuvanted by BCG. This product was evaluated in Phase III in colon cancer in the 1990s and another Phase III study, called ACTIVE, is currently recruiting stage II colon cancer patients. Vaccinogen calls its approach 'Active Specific Immunotherapy' or ASI.
Background
Vaccinogen originated in work done by the company's founder, Dr Michael Hanna, in the late 1970s and early 1980s when they were Director of the National Cancer Institute's Frederick Cancer Research Center in Frederick, Md. Hanna founded a company to develop what became OncoVAX and this was acquired by a company from Seattle called Intracel, but that company filed for bankruptcy in 2001. Vaccinogen was formed in 2007 to pick up the intellectual property and other assets from Intracel. Dr Ben Carson was Chairman of the company from August 2014 until the announcement of their US Presidential bid in May 2015. Carson had previously served on Vaccinogen's Medical Advisory Board.
OncoVAX
OncoVAX is an autologous cancer vaccine, that is, manufactured using the patient's own tumour cells. The product involves the surgical excision of the tumour and its sterilization and gamma-irradiation in order to render the tumour cells non-dividing. The patient is then administered two injections of these tumor cells mixed with the TICE strain of BCG via intradermal injection. After this, the patient receives two more injections of tumour cells but without the BCG. The first three immunizations are delivered weekly approximately a month after surgical resection of the tumor, and the fourth is given six months later. At the present time the product is intended for stage II colon cancer, where tumors have penetrated into the muscles around the colon, but have not visibly spread to lymph nodes of more distant sites.
Development of OncoVAX
Hanna et al. performed three multi-institutional, prospectively randomized, controlled clinical trials of post-resection adjuvant ASI over the two decades to 2001. A meta-analysis of these studies published in the journal Vaccine found 'significant clinical benefits in patients with stage II colon cancer'. Hanna et al. described the 'trials and tribulations' involved in developing OncoVAX in a 2006 paper in the journal Human Vaccines.
* Pilot trial in colon and rectal cancer. Michael Hanna first took their ASI approach into the clinic in a pilot trial at Johns Hopkins Hospital that commenced in 1981. The lead investigator was Dr Herbert C. Hoover Jr., a 'distant nephew' of the 31st US President. The study, which evaluated 80 cola and rectal cancer patients, finally read out data in March 1993 in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. The study found a significant improvement in survival (p=0.02) and disease-free survival (p=0.039) in all eligible colon cancer patients but no benefits in rectal cancer patients.
* Phase III study in stage II and III colon cancer with first generation OncoVAX. This study in 412 patients, which compared ASI+resection vs resection alone, used a treatment regimen of only three weekly intradermal vaccine injections of 107 irradiated autologous tumor cells where the first two injections also contained 107 BCG organisms. After a 7.6-year median follow-up period there were no statistically significant differences in clinical outcomes between the treatment arms however there was a trend towards disease-free survival and overall survival for the ASI patients that had all three doses.
* Phase III trial in colon cancer with second generation OncoVAX. This 254-patient study, which has allowed Vaccinogen to make efficacy claims for its current version of OncoVAX and is called the '8701' study by the company, had its results published in The Lancet in January 1999. In this study the investigators used 107 BCG organisms for the first two doses and added the booster vaccination at six months with 107 irradiated autologous tumour cells. Over a median follow-up period of 5.3 years there was a 44% risk reduction for recurrence for patients that received OncoVAX (p=0.023), but only patients who had stage II disease benefited. For these patients the risk of recurrence was cut by 61%. The cost of the product was subsequently studied by medical technology assessment specialists at the Erasmus University Medical Center in Rotterdam who reported 'impressive health economics benefits' in a paper in Vaccine. In 2012 the investigators revisited the data to see if there were different outcomes for patients with microsatellite unstable versus stable colon cancer. In the process they tracked event-free survival for the study population out to 15 years, finding a hazard ratio for the treatment group of 0.62 (p=0.033).
OncoVAX manufacturing
OncoVAX employs a 'centralised' manufacturing process where the patient's tumour sample is shipped to a company-owned cGMP manufacturing facility in the Dutch town of Emmen for processing and then shipped back to the hospital for administration to the patient. In the 8701 study manufacturing was not carried out under cGMP conditions. Subsequent to 8701 a small 15-patient study was carried out with manufacturing taking place under cGMP (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT00016133). This study found that the immunogenicity of OncoVAX was unaffected by the manufacturing process.
Planned clinical study of OncoVAX
Vaccinogen is currently enrolling patients in a confirmatory Phase III clinical study for OncoVAX called ACTIVE that will enroll 550 patients with stage II colon cancer, randomising 1:1 to receive surgery alone or surgery plus OncoVAX (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02448173). The Primary Endpoint in this study is the Disease-Free Interval.
Vaccinogen plans to conduct a pilot program in parallel with ACTIVE to evaluate OncoVAX in combination with an adjuvant chemotherapy treatment for stage III colon cancer patients.
Human monoclonal antibodies program
In September 2015 Vaccinogen announced an exclusive two-year option with Dublin City University over a high-throughput, multiplex, analysis platform developed in the laboratory of Dr. Paul Leonard called DiCAST (Direct Clone Analysis and Selection Technology). Vaccinogen intends to use DiCAST to screen patient-derived biological samples acquired after those patients have gained anti-cancer immunity in the search for new anti-cancer antibodies.
Vaccinogen stock
Vaccinogen stock is traded OTC in the US. It upgraded its marketplace tier to OTCQB in October 2013. The stock code is VGEN. The SEC suspended trading of this stock in September 2017. According to the letter of suspension, 'VGEN is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic reports since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2015, which reported a net loss available to common shareholders of $24,743,490 for the prior nine months.'
Main people
Vaccinogen's Chairman and CEO is Andrew Tussing, a former investment banker who co-founded Vaccinogen with Michael Hanna in 2007. Michael Hanna remains a director. Vaccinogen's COO is Dr Peter Morsing, formerly of AstraZeneca.
Location
Vaccinogen is headquartered in Baltimore at 949 Fell Street near Fell's Point. The company moved there in February 2015 after previously having been located at Frederick, Md. The company also maintains laboratories in Dublin and its manufacturing facility at Emmen. The Emmen location of Vaccinogen B.V. was declared bankrupt in 2017.
References
Biotechnology companies of the United States
Cancer research
Pavel Vernikov () is a Ukrainian violinist, a member of Vienna University and a winner of Munich International Competition.
Biography
Vernikov was born in Odessa where they graduated from the Stolyarsky Music School where they studied with Mordkovich brothers under a mentorship of S. Snitkowsky at the Tchaikovsky Conservatory. Later on, they participated in various Violin Competitions in both Germany (Munich) and Italy (Florence) and since then appeared worldwide in such places as both Carnegie Hall and Kennedy Center in New York, London's Wigmore Hall and many others.
 They are partnered with such violinists and pianists as Sviatoslav Richter, James Galway, Maria Tipo, Oleg Kagan, Julian Rachlin, Janine Jansen, Andres Mustonen, Frans Helmerson, and many others. During their life they served as an Artistic director at various Chamber Music Festivals such as in Eilat, Israel; Dubrovnik, Yugoslavia and Gubbio, Italy. Currently they teach violin at the Queen Sofía College of Music in Madrid, Spain, Keshet Eilon in Israel, Kronberg Academy in Germany and others.
They also participated in many international violin competitions and later on became a professor at the Conservatoire national supérieur de musique et de danse de Lyon where they teach at the Vienna-based Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna and Swiss University of Lausanne. Pavel Vernikov is currently playing Guadagnini in Piacenza. On Thursday December 8, 2016, their Guadagnini was stolen from Pavel while they were disembarking from a train in Geneva, Switzerland. As of December 29, 2016 it has not been recovered. They also are a leader of the Chamber Orchestra of Europe and is a winner of many prizes from various Violin Competitions.
References
Ukrainian violinists
Male violinists
Living people
Musicians from Odesa
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century violinists
21st-century male musicians
The Golden Charter of Bern (also: Golden Bull, in German: Goldene Handfeste or Berner Handfeste) is a medieval charter purporting to have been issued by Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II. It establishes the town privileges of Bern (now the capital of Switzerland), making it an Imperial Free City and, effectively, an independent state. The charter is dated to 1218, but is now believed by most scholars to be a Bernese forgery from the middle of the 13th century.
The charter's 54 articles provided for extensive privileges, including the free election of the Schultheiss (i.e., mayor) and the right to autonomously legislate. It also provided for the establishment of an Imperial Mint, which was established in 1228 at the latest, to coin Berner Pfennige. These rights were formally confirmed by King Rudolf I in 1274, and the issue of the charter's authenticity thus made moot. The charter is called "golden" due to its impressive (and undoubtedly authentic) golden bull, or seal. Its face shows Frederick on the throne with their Emperor's regalia, circumscribed "Frederick, by the Grace of God Roman King, ever increasing the Empire, King of Sicily."
The issue of whether the charter — regarded as Bern's founding document for centuries — is authentic has been contentious among historians since the 1860s. Modern researchers now seem to agree that it is a forgery done on behalf of Bern's government during the middle of the 13th century, done to establish in writing the rights the city had in practice seized decades previously. They point out that the exceptional liberties granted by the charter were very atypical for the time, and that the writing seems to match that of one writer in the Frienisberg monastery. Monasteries, at that time, were masters of the pia fraus, the "pious fraud" of falsifying documents to match a dead benefactor's supposed intent. On the other hand, X-ray analysis in 2002 did not reveal any indication that (as had been assumed) the authentic bull had been removed from an authentic document and then re-affixed to the Bernese charter.
See also
History of Bern
References
Literature
Rainer C. Schwinges, Erfolgreich gefälscht — die Goldene Handfeste in: Rainer C. Schwinges (ed.), Berns mutige Zeit: Das 13. und 14. Jahrhundert neu entdeckt, Bern, Schulverlag blmv AG und Stämpfli Verlag AG, Bern 2003, and , p. 231–232.
Barbara Spalinger, Die Goldbulle der Handfeste im Röntgenbild, in: Schwinges (2003), op.cit., p. 233.
Karl H. Flatt, Das Bernbiet im Früh- und Hochmittelalter, in: Peter Meyer (ed.), Berner — deine Geschichte, Büchler Verlag, Bern 1981, , p. 58.
1210s in law
Golden Bulls
History of Bern
Political charters
Medieval charters and cartularies
1210s in the Holy Roman Empire
1218 in Europe
Expectancy effect may refer to:
Observer-expectancy effect
Subject-expectancy effect
"Like Dat" is the debut single by rapper Stat Quo, released in 2005. It was originally intended to be the debut single for their long-awaited debut album, Statlanta but after the album was reworked three times the original version of the album was scrapped. It was later released for the soundtracks to NBA Live '06 and Midnight Club 3: Remix Soundtrack. It was also featured on the Trill-N-True Certified and The Bottom mixtapes on iTunes. It peaked at #35 on Billboard magazine's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales component chart.
Music video
The music video was filmed and produced in Atlanta, Georgia, the video includes cameos from Ludacris, Young Buck and Bun B of UGK.
2005 singles
American hip hop songs
Song recordings produced by Eminem
Song recordings produced by Dr. Dre
Shady Records singles
Aftermath Entertainment singles
Interscope Records singles
Songs written by Eminem
Songs written by Dr. Dre
2005 songs
The Triple Door is a dinner theater, lounge and music venue founded in the fall of 2003, located at 216 Union Street in Seattle, Washington. The building often hosts concerts for folk, indie, and World music groups. The Triple Door is also notable for the numerous effective fundraisers it has held and/or hosted, such as the Starlight Starbright Children's Foundation and The Triple Door Young Artists Fundraiser. One fundraiser had an auction that raised around 1.15 million dollars for various children organizations.
History
The Triple Door is located on Union Street in the Mann building, the former home of the Embassy Theatre which was established as a movie theater when it opened in 1925. The Embassy Theatre maintained its title as an A-list theatre well into the fifties but slowly lost popularity in the sixties. In 1984 the extremist group The Order set off a pipe bomb in the Embassy as a diversion for robbing an armored car at the Northgate Mall. The Embassy Theater closed in 1984.
The building was bought in 1999 by Rick and Ann Yoder, and renovations to improve the quality of live performances began in the fall three years later. In September 2003, The Triple Door opened the doors to their first show where Skerik's Syncpated Taint Septet performed and recorded their live album (which was released 7 years later).
The venue quickly rose in popularity and hosted shows for bands in the lounge (known as the "Musicquarium") such as Ottmar Liebert, The Courage, Natacha Atlas, Bassekou Kouyate, The Unthanks, Katie Herzig, Greg Dulli, Alyse Black, Edwin McCain, and El Vez.
Recognition
The Triple Door has received awards for the quality of the lounge, wine, and performance from Pollstar, AOL, Seattle Weekly, Seattle Metropolitan, Outside Magazine, and National Geographic.
See also
Albums recorded at The Triple Door
References
External links
Culture of Seattle
Music venues completed in 2003
Restaurants established in 2003
Restaurants in Seattle
Maghery () is a small village and townland in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. It lies on the southwest shore of Lough Neagh, near Derrywarragh Island, in the northwest corner of the county. As it sits between the estuaries of the rivers Blackwater and Bann (which are only two miles apart), Maghery was of strategic significance in the past.
In the 2001 Census Maghery had a population of 2001 people. It lies within the Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council area. It has a park.
History
Name
Maghery is a shortening of the older name Magherygreenan, which is anglicized .
Maghery Christian Heritage Site
In the Maghery area there is a tradition of an ancient road between Armagh and Coney Island known as St Patrick's Trail, which in the past facilitated travel through Armagh to the north and the south of the county via causeways. Various stretches of this trail have also been identified in the neighbouring townland of Derrylileagh as well as a number of others in the locality.
Significant events
1830
In November 1830 Ribbonmen attacked an Orange band, puncturing some of their drums. In retaliation the Orangemen 'completely wrecked' (burned to the ground) the Catholic village of Maghery in the passive presence of Colonel Verner (a magistrate) and some of the constabulary police. Seven Orangemen were later charged with offences relating to the attack. All were acquitted. However, some of the victims submitted accounts of the attack to the Parliamentary Select Committee that investigated Orange parades and violence in 1835. The following account of three of their submissions is taken from 'Two Hundred Years in the Citadel'; a research paper by Dr. Peter Mulholland, an anthropologist from the nearby town of [Portadown].
Eleanor Campbell, sworn: –Resides in Maghery and keeps a public house; it is near the Blackwater foot, near the quay; was there on Monday the 22nd November last, between 11 and 12 o'clock, as near as they can recollect; was outstanding before the door; a great number of men came down across the fields and attacked the house; four men attacked the four windows; deponent then went into the house for fear of their life; the windows were smashed, sashes and all; they attacked deponent's two daughters in their house, to beat and abuse them; two young men of the party came in, and one of them fired a gun in the house up at the deponent's son, who was on the loft and had made a noise to come down when they saw the men going to abuse their sister; the skirts of the deponent's son's coat appeared as if they had been perforated with shot from the gun; it might have been done with slugs; four or five men then attacked the deponent themselves with bayonets, and threatened to take their life if they would not give up a gun which they said they had; they swore deponent on their hand and by the five crosses to tell where it was, and deponent had to send out for it; they got it, and took it away.
A lump of a boy, about 16 or 17 years of age, came forward with a bayonet fastened on a stick, and made a stab at deponent, which struck her; deponent was wounded on their forehead with the bayonet, they think by the boy who had it; was also knocked down by a blow of a stone, which they think they held in their hand, and which stunned her; all deponent's delf, glass, and furniture were broken; their spirits and beer spilled, and their clock broken; all the spirits and beer in the bar were spilled; thinks five or six gallons of spirits were spilled; they also robbed deponent of their money, notes, silver, and halfpence, destroyed their feather bed; they took away table linen, and sheets and shirts, and coats, and their children's clothes, and also a great deal of their own clothes, and left them very little behind; never saw any of the party before, to their knowledge; would not have known their child they were so much confused and put through other; thinks the party was disguised; the boy who struck deponent had their cap drawn down over their forehead; deponent was so frightened they could not tell any of the crowd; they cried out ‘'We are Killyman boys,'' and would clear all before them; and to see what Lord Charlemont would do for them now; did not know any person by the name of Carner in that neighborhood; deponent thinks 14 or 15 of the party came into their house, as well as they can tell; it is not positive, they were all under arms, and had weapons of some kind or other; some guns, some bayonets, one man had a scyth, and another had a large sword, horseman's, or like one of the police officers's; they came in in two or three parties; first, four at a time, then five, then three, and so on; they were in deponent's house very nearly an hour, more or less; deponent, after their house was wrecked (in about five or six minutes after) saw two police officers, Moneypenny and Crawford; thinks they were not under arms then, but they may have had their side arms; Did not see any other person that deponent knows; at that time they were doing no harm; they reflected on them for not coming down to save them Sergeant Crawford came into deponent's house, and the others went down to their brother's boat; deponent is not just sure, can't say exactly, but has heard and thinks there were 26 houses wrecked and injured in the town; very few escaped; deponent's house is quite the opposite end of the town from where the row took place on Saturday; deponent saw no other person that they knew but the two police officers.
Catherine Donnelly, sworn: –Recollects the 22nd November last; was in Maghery on that day; is daughter of last witness, Eleanor Campbell; was at their mother's house when the party came there; their own house was locked up. When the party came into town, deponent ran with their children to a lighter to save them. They had locked their own house; when they went back to their own house they found it locked; the party must have got in by the window; the door was not forced but the windows were broken; they found their husband's and their own clothing burning; some of the furniture was injured, broken; whilst in their mother's house heard a gun fired therein; saw several men with guns and bayonets on them in the house. Deponent did not then, nor do they now, know any of the party concerned in the outrage, they were so much thunderstruck; saw no stranger in the town that day that they knew; they called on Stewart Moneypenny to go up the town with her; they refused, and said they could not do anything for them Was in Maghery on the Saturday when the scrimage took place; they were in their own house, and four of their children with her; there were men that had been saving their house that morning from the storm; swears positively that no men left their house that day to take part in the ruction.
Sarah Campbell, sworn: –Is daughter of the late Owen Campbell, their mother is living; was in Maghery on Monday the 22nd of November last; was in their mother's (Mary Campbell's) house; saw the party, a number of men, coming through town; they were armed; they had all guns and bayonets; knew one of them, the boy who broker their mother's furniture, their name is John Catton; there were others with him; they did nothing, they did the whole damage; they broke the windows and smashed a deal of other things; broke a clock and a wheel. Deponent lives in the Diamond of the town.
1894 Riot
In May 1894 a riot occurred between Maghery residents and members of Loughgall district Orange Institution, as reported by the Belfast Newsletter:
EXTRACT from Belfast Newsletter 14th May 1894.
'NATIONALIST RIOTING NEAR PORTADOWN' ATTACK ON A FUNERAL PROCESSION. SEVERAL PERSONS SHOT.
PORTADOWN, MONDAY. Yesterday, a serious party row took place at Maghery, a village
situated on the shores of Lough Neagh, and distant about six miles (10 km) from Portadown. A man
named Thomas Irwin died a couple of days previously at their residence in the townland of
Cranfield, and their remains were yesterday removed for interment in Milltown graveyard.
Irwin was an old and respected member of the Orange Institution, and their brethren of the
Loughgall district turned out in considerable numbers to pay them their last tribute of
respect. When passing through Maghery a most dastardly and cowardly attack was made on
the procession. A Nationalist mob assailed the Orangemen, and endeavoured to beat them
back with sticks and other weapons. Stones were showered into the procession, and the
hearse was repeatedly struck with the missiles. A regular riot ensued, and in the fight
which followed it is alleged that some of the Orange Party who were attacked in this
disgraceful manner described fired revolver shots at their assailants. Two members of
the Nationalist mob were shot though the wounds inflicted are said not to be of a
dangerous character. A number of persons on both sides received wounds of a more or
less serious nature inflicted with stones and other weapons used during the progress
of the affray.
Information was subsequently conveyed to Portadown, and District Inspector Bigley,
Head Constable Donnelly, Sergeants Belford and McQueen, and all the available
constables in both barracks drove out to the scene of the disturbances.
Acting on information received some time after their arrival in Maghery, the police
arrested two prominent members of the Orange party, and when conveying them to the
Birches police barrack they were fired at by a crowd of Nationalists. Some of the
police dismounted and pursued the crowd to the shores of the lough, where they
arrested twelve members of the party. The peace officers subsequently found a loaded
gun and powder cask convenient to the place where the shots were fired.
Eye-witnesses of the occurrence state that the attack on the funeral procession was
thoroughly organised, and that the Nationalist mob fought fiercely and with determination.
The affair has naturally aroused considerable indignation and party feeling in the district
surrounding Maghery, and the occurrence formed the sole subject of conversation in the
neighbourhood yesterday and today.
Captain Slacke, Divisional Commissioner, and Mr. Warburton, county inspector, visited the
scene of the occurrence today and made inquiries respecting the affray. In the afternoon
the prisoners were brought before Mr. N. L. Townsend, R.M. Armagh, in the Clonmacate
Courthouse, Wm. John Vemer and David Fox, member of the Orange party, were charged with
firing at and wounding Patrick Tennyson; and the following members of the Nationalist
party were charged with unlawful assembly and firing shots:
David Skelton, John McNally, James McHelly, Edward Robinson,
William Donnolly, Daniel Gallagher, Henry Quinn, John McGrath,
James McNally, Daniel Hagan, Joseph Hogan, and Francis Campbell.
District Inspector Bigley, of Portadown, conducted the prosecution on behalf of the Crown:
Mr. W. H. Wright, solicitor, Portadown, defended Verner and Fox, and the Nationalist
prisoners were not professionally represented.
After a number of depositions had been taken Mr. Townsend remanded the prisoners for
eight days, accepting bail for the appearance of the Nationalist defendants themselves
in $20 each, and two sureties of $10. Their Worship refused to accept bail for the
Protestant prisoners, Verner and Fox, who were charged with firing at and wounding,
and they accordingly conveyed to Armagh Jail this evening.
During the affray two members in the Protestant party were wounded with revolver bullets.
Their names are Eliza Wilson and Robert McMinn. It is said that the Nationalist defendants
who fired at the police when they had Verner and Fox in custody will be charged with riot
at a portion of the day prior to the time they were arrested.
1936
On 23 May 1936 rioting occurs in Maghery between locals and a party visiting Maghery hotel after rumours spread that members of the visiting party were attacking Maghery chapel.
Places of interest
The River Blackwater enters Lough Neagh west of Derrywarragh Island and is navigable from Maghery to Blackwatertown. The small Maghery Canal enters the Blackwater south of Derrywarragh Island. At the east end is a small jetty area with a good slipway. This is the site of the former Maghery ferry.
Maghery Country Park, in the village, covers an area of comprising 5 km of woodland walks and picnic areas in natural surroundings on the shores of Lough Neagh.
Coney Island is about 1 km from Maghery and there are boat trips to the island at weekends from Maghery Country Park or Kinnego Marina.
Transport
A regular bus service is provided by Translink from Maghery to the towns of Portadown and Dungannon (Service 75, Ulsterbus). The journey time by bus from Maghery to either town is about 35 minutes.
Maghery is just 2 miles from the M1 motorway. Traveling westbound (from Belfast) take junction 12 signposted for the B196. Traveling eastbound (from Dungannon) take exit 14 or 13.
Maghery bridge was built to restore a link which was lost when the car ferry over the mouth of the River Blackwater at the south-west corner of Lough Neagh was withdrawn in the 1970s. The bridge is for cyclists and walkers and is a key link on the Loughshore Trail cycle route.
Education
St. Mary's Primary School
Sport
Gaelic games are the main sports played in the Maghery area; Maghery Sean MacDermott's GAC is the local GAA club.
Fishing is popular in Maghery. The River Blackwater is famed throughout Ireland for its big catches; boasting salmon, brown trout, pike, perch, roach, breem and eels.
References
External links
NI Neighbourhood Information System
Maghery Country Park
Maghery bridge
Conflict Archive on the Internet
Villages in County Armagh
Townlands of County Armagh
The 1990 Kensington and Chelsea Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
20th century in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
In the 1984–85 season Panathinaikos played for 26th consecutive time in Greece's top division, the Alpha Ethniki. They also competed in the European Cup and the Greek Cup.
Squad
Competitions
Alpha Ethniki
Classification
European Cup
First round
|}
Second round
|}
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
References
External links
Panathinaikos FC official website
Panathinaikos F.C. seasons
Panathinaikos
In differential geometry, systolic freedom refers to the fact that closed Riemannian manifolds may have arbitrarily small volume regardless of their systolic invariants.
That is, systolic invariants or products of systolic invariants do not in general provide universal (i.e. curvature-free) lower bounds for the total volume of a closed Riemannian manifold.
Systolic freedom was first detected by Mikhail Gromov in an I.H.É.S. preprint in 1992 (which eventually appeared as ), and was further developed by Mikhail Katz, Michael Freedman and others. Gromov's observation was elaborated on by . One of the first publications to study systolic freedom in detail is by .
Systolic freedom has applications in quantum error correction. survey the main results on systolic freedom.
Example
The complex projective plane admits Riemannian metrics of arbitrarily small volume, such that every essential surface is of area at least 1. Here a surface is called "essential" if it cannot be contracted to a point in the ambient 4-manifold.
Systolic constraint
The opposite of systolic freedom is systolic constraint, characterized by the presence of systolic inequalities such as Gromov's systolic inequality for essential manifolds.
References
. Astérisque 216, Exp. No. 771, 5, 279–310.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Differential geometry
Quantum information science
Riemannian geometry
Systolic geometry
Pedraza may refer to:
Places
Pedraza, Magdalena, Colombia
Pedraza, Segovia, Spain
Pedraza de Campos, Palencia, Spain
Pedraza de Alba, Salamanca, Spain
Pedraza Municipality, Barinas, Venezuela
People
Ángel Pedraza (1962–2011), Spanish footballer
José Pedraza (disambiguation)
Marc Pedraza (born 1987), Spanish footballer
María Pedraza (born 1996), Spanish actor and social media star
Manuela Pedraza (fl. 1806), Argentine fighter in the reconquest of Buenos Aires
Manuel Gómez Pedraza (1789–1851), Mexican general and President of Mexico from 1832 to 1833
Pilar Pedraza (born 1951), Spanish academic and writer
Rod Pedraza (born 1969), American baseball player
Walter Pedraza (born 1981), Colombian cyclist
Wilfredo Pedraza, Peruvian lawyer and politician
Karl-Erik "Cacka" Andersson (16 January 1927 — 16 August 2005) was a Swedish footballer, bandy player and ice hockey player. They made 174 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored three goals. They were also part of Sweden's squad at the 1952 Summer Olympics, but they did not play in any matches.
Honours
Djurgårdens IF
Division 2 Nordöstra: 1948–49
Allsvenskan: 1954–55
References
1927 births
2005 deaths
Association football defenders
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Swedish ice hockey players
Swedish bandy players
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Djurgårdens IF Bandy players
Footballers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Sweden
Olympic bronze medalists for Sweden
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
The American Martial Arts Alliance is a non-for profit foundation which is responsible for creating the AMAA Who's Who in the Martial Arts Hall of Fame which is held once a year. Jessie Bowen Executive Director of the foundation has published books about the inductees of the award and has dedicated two volumes of the publication to Chuck Norris for a lifetime of achievements.
AMAA Foundation publications
To focus on the importance of martial arts Bowen through The American Martial Arts Foundation published a book titled Martial Arts Master & Pioneers. In its 380 pages the book tells the stories of 200 martial artists from every corner of the world whom have contributed to their community.
The 2017 edition of Who's Who in the Martial Arts, autobiography focusing on the over 200 martial artists viewed as legends in the art and tournament sport, spanning the last 60 years.
Bowen believes it is an awareness tool for parents and students to understand what the martial arts are about but more importantly to know the instructors that can properly help them improve the quality of their lives or their kids. It serves to educate them in self defense and find who's qualified to teach children.
Several other publications revolving around high achievers in martial arts have also been published by Bowen through the AMAA.
Bibliography
WHO'S WHO In The Martial Arts: Directory & Biographies (2015 Volume 1).
Who's Who in the Martial Arts (2016 Volume 2).
Who's Who in the Martial Arts: Legends Edition (2017 Volume 3).
Martial Arts Masters & Pioneers: Who's Really Who in the Martial Arts (2018 Volume 4).
Action Martial Arts Magazine Hall of Honors: Official Who Who's Directory Book''' (2019 Volume 1).
Martial Arts Masters & Pioneers Biography: Chuck Norris - Giving Back For A Lifetime (2020 Volume 1).
Martial Arts Masters & Pioneers Biography: Chuck Norris - Giving Back For A Lifetime'' (2020 Volume 2).
External links
References
Awards established in 2016
Halls of fame in Nevada
Sports halls of fame
Katarzyna Elżbieta Dydek (born 21 March 1970 in Warsaw) is a retired Polish basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics. They also played for the Colorado Xplosion of the now-defunct American Basketball League.
 They are the older sister of Małgorzata 'Margo' Dydek (1974–2011).
References
1970 births
Living people
Polish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Colorado Xplosion players
Polish expatriate basketball people in the United States
Polish Roman Catholics
Basketball players from Warsaw
Erigeron rydbergii is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Rydberg's fleabane.. It is native to the western United States, in the Rocky Mountains and other nearby ranges in the states of Montana, Wyoming, Idaho, and Utah.
Erigeron rydbergii grows in subalpine to alpine slopes at high elevations. It is a tiny perennial rarely more than 6 centimeters (2.4 inches) tall, forming a thick taproot. The inflorescence generally contains only 1 flower head per stem. Each head contains 15–35 blue, purple, or rarely white ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
rydbergii
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1947
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Francesco Spinacino (fl. 1507) was an Italian lutenist and composer. Their surviving output comprises the first two volumes of Ottaviano Petrucci's influential series of lute music publications: Intabolatura de lauto libro primo and Intabolatura de lauto libro secondo (both 1507). These two collections comprise the first known printed lute music, and their first book was the first ever instrumental music book printed with the movable type system.
Spinacino was apparently highly regarded by their contemporaries, as their music was widely copied: some of the pieces are found in manuscripts that originated in the British Isles. There are 81 pieces overall: 46 intabulations, 27 ricercares, two bassadans and six pieces for lute duet. The ricercares are among the most complex of the period; they have no clearly defined form and include several contrasting sections. Particularly notable is Recercare de tutti li toni, which moves through all modes. The duets are also historically important, for they present a sample of early 16th century performance practice: one of the lutes is given an intabulation of a chanson's original tenor and bass, whereas the other plays in free counterpoint to the titular chanson.
References
Composers for lute
16th-century Italian composers
Italian male composers
Italian lutenists
Pinki Buli or Pinky Buly is a Bengali drama directed by Meghnad Bhattacharya. This is a production of Bengali theatre group Sayak. The drama explores the complex relation between a master and a servant.
Plot
Pinki is a city teenage girl and Buli is a village girl. Parents of Pinki appoints Buli as a domestic helper-cum-babysitter for Pinki's months-old brother Bumba. The two characters are poles apart from each other and the drama explores the relation between them. Despite their cultural and social differences they become friends.
Cast
Rimi Saha as Pinki
Bhaswati Chakraborty as Buli
Runa Mukherjee as Pinki's mother
Meghnad Bhattacharya as the old man
References
External links
Pinki Buli in Sayak's official website
Bengali-language plays
Indian plays
A walking fish, or ambulatory fish, is a fish that is able to travel over land for extended periods of time. Some other modes of non-standard fish locomotion include "walking" along the sea floor, for example, in handfish or frogfish.
Types
Most commonly, walking fish are amphibious fish. Able to spend longer times out of water, these fish may use a number of means of locomotion, including springing, snake-like lateral undulation, and tripod-like walking. The mudskippers are probably the best land-adapted of contemporary fish and are able to spend days moving about out of water and can even climb mangroves, although to only modest heights. The climbing gourami is often specifically referred to as a "walking fish", although it does not actually "walk", but rather moves in a jerky way by supporting itself on the extended edges of its gill plates and pushing itself by its fins and tail. Some reports indicate that it can also climb trees.
The epaulette shark (Hemiscyllium ocellatum) tends to live in shallow waters where swimming is difficult, and can often be seen walking over rocks and sand by using its muscular pectoral fins. It lives in areas of great variation in water depth, usually where the tide falls below its location. If it finds itself out of water, it can survive for several hours, and is capable of walking over land to get to water. This means that it is easily observed by beachgoers in its natural range.
There are a number of fish that are less adept at actual walking, such as the walking catfish. Despite being known for "walking on land", this fish usually wriggles and may use its pectoral fins to aid in its movement. Walking catfish have a respiratory system that allows them to live out of water for several days. Some are invasive species, for example, the Northern snakehead in the U.S. Polypterids have rudimentary lungs and can also move about on land, though rather clumsily. The mangrove rivulus can survive for months out of water and can move to places like hollow logs.
Some species of fish can "walk" along the sea floor but not on land. One such animal is the flying gurnard (it does not actually fly, and should not be confused with flying fish). The batfishes of the family Ogcocephalidae (not to be confused with batfish of Ephippidae) are also capable of walking along the sea floor. Bathypterois grallator, also known as a "tripodfish", stands on three fins on the bottom of the ocean and hunts for food. The African lungfish (P. annectens) can use its fins to "walk" along the bottom of its tank in a manner similar to the way amphibians and land vertebrates use their limbs on land.
Evolutionary link to land vertebrates
Land vertebrates originate in the Devonian period and are descended from Sarcopterygian fish. In 2006, a fossil, Tiktaalik roseae, was found which has many features of its wrist, elbow, and neck that resemble those of tetrapods, supporting the idea that it represents a sister group to tetrapods.
Comparison of fish with tetrapod-like features
A number of fish, both extant and prehistoric, have featured some characteristics related to locomotion that are typical of tetrapods.
Darwin fish
Another usage of the term walking fish is in reference to the "Darwin fish", a bumper sticker parody of the Ichthys, a symbol of Christianity.
Gallery
See also
Axolotl, colloquially known as a "walking fish"; it is not a fish, but a salamander, a type of amphibian.
Evolution of fish
References
Ichthyology
Terrestrial locomotion
Articles containing video clips
Orka is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by Roy Thomas and Marie Severin, and has a killer whale theme. Orka primarily appears as a villain fighting the Avengers, the Fantastic Four, She-Hulk, and the Defenders, and also appears as a member of Heroes for Hire.
Publication history
Orka first appears in Prince Namor, the Sub-Mariner #23 (March 1970) and was created by Roy Thomas and Marie Severin.
Fictional character biography
Orka was originally an Atlantean soldier in the army of Warlord Krang, and aids the renegade Krang when they attempt to usurp the Atlantean throne from Namor. When this attempt fails, Orka goes into exile from Atlantis with Krang. Orka is then chosen to be the test subject of Dr. Dorcas, the marine scientist who created Tiger Shark, one of Namor's arch foes. Courtesy of a belt with a psionic amplifier, Orka is given the power of a killer whale, and aids Krang once more against Namor. The character skirmishes with fellow creation Tiger Shark, and the pair cause an undersea avalanche that buries them for several months.
Orka eventually freed themselves and allies with the other-dimensional Virago, and after battling Namor twice is defeated. The Brand Corporation (a subsidiary of Roxxon Energy Corporation) summon Orka with the aid of the Serpent Crown, and in exchange for their aid is augmented: the character's size is increased to tall and their natural abilities are increased, eliminating the need for the psionic belt. Orka is sent on a mission that brings them into conflict with superhero team the Avengers, with Thunder God Thor knocking them unconscious.
When the Atlantean barbarian Attuma takes over the city of Atlantis, Orka is pardoned from their exile and joins the Imperial Army. Part of an invasion force that attacks the surface world, Orka battles the Avengers and the Fantastic Four, but is defeated by hero She-Hulk and the Black Panther and imprisoned.
Orka escapes imprisonment and joins marine team Deep Six (also consisting of Attuma, Nagala, Piranha, Sea Urchin and Tiger Shark). The group attack the United States and battles the Avengers and the People's Protectorate and are eventually defeated.
Orka features in several other Marvel titles such as Fantastic Four She-Hulk and the Defenders. After the events of the Civil War, Orka features in the title Heroes for Hire and joins the team (also falling in love with fellow member Misty Knight). They also strike up a friendship with the Heroes for Hire's invulnerable administrative assistant. Orka is killed in combat by a Doombot (a robotic copy of villain Doctor Doom) reprogrammed by the Headmen.
During the "Dark Reign" storyline, Orka was seen in Erebus gambling for their resurrection.  They are later seen on Pluto's jury (alongside Abomination, Armless Tiger Man, Artume, Baron Heinrich Zemo, Commander Kraken, Iron Monger, Jack O'Lantern, Kyknos, Nessus, Scourge of the Underworld, and Veranke) at the trial of Zeus.
Orka turns up alive and is imprisoned in the Cellar by soldiers working for Regent's company Empire Unlimited.
Orka appears as a member of Namor's Defenders of the Deep. Orka was shown being attacked by Hyperion of the Squadron Supreme of America.
Powers and abilities
Orka is an exceptionally strong Atlantean, who courtesy of Doctor Dorcas' enhancements Orka has superhuman strength, speed, stamina, durability, and agility. Orka originally wore a belt which by psionic means provided the added power of a killer whale to the character's already considerable strength. The belt also allowed Orka to exist for indefinite periods on land although they were not at full strength due to dehydration. Using surgical and electrochemical enhancements, the Brand Corporation augmented Orka's natural abilities, which allowed them to retain their strength without the use of the belt. The experimentation also increased Orka's size, resilience and endurance, but at the cost of reduced intelligence. Orka can communicate with and summon killer whales through high-pitched whistles; so long as there are killer whales in their vicinity Orka's physical abilities increase several times over. They can also swim at superhuman speeds.
In other media
Orka appears in the Avengers Assemble episode "Kingbreaker" Pt. 1, voiced by Roger Craig Smith. This version is a commander who is loyal to Attuma and replaces Tiger Shark as the head of Attuma's armed forces. When Black Panther, White Wolf, and Attuma's daughter Lady Elanna bring their fight with Killmonger, Tiger Shark, and the Atlantean soldiers on their side to Atlantis' Coral Guard, Orka and their soldiers show up. When they learn of the coup and Tiger Shark claims that Attuma has gotten soft, Orka sides with Elanna and their soldiers lock up Killmonger, Tiger Shark, and the traitorous Atlantean soldiers. Then they apologize to Elanna for hesitating. Orka later assists in rescuing the Atlantean civilians from the damages caused by Princess Zanda's bombs and was present when Killmonger kills Attuma. As Black Panther and White Wolf go after Killmonger, Orka gives Lady Elanna their father's trident and swears them in as the new ruler of Atlantis. Orka later led the Atlantean soldiers into attacking Black Panther and White Wolf as they were taking Killmonger as their prisoner due to them knowing where the real Black Widow is.
References
External links
The Grand Comics Database entry for the comic containing Orka's debut
Characters created by Marie Severin
Characters created by Roy Thomas
Comics characters introduced in 1970
Marvel Comics Atlanteans (Homo mermanus)
Marvel Comics characters who can move at superhuman speeds
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics supervillains
Nach Dem Goldrausch is the second album by German indie rock band Fotos, first released in March 2008 on Virgin Germany.
Track listing
"Nach Dem Goldrausch" ("After the Goldrush") – 3:49
"Serenaden" ("Serenades") – 3:00
"Ein Versprechen" ("A Promise") – 3:46
"Ich Häng An Dir Und Du Hängst An Mir" ("I Follow You and You Follow Me") – 2:58
"Explodieren" ("Explode") – 4:27
"Ein Freak Und Ein Spinner" ("A Freak and a Nutcase") – 4:11
"Das Ist Nicht Was Ich Will" ("That Is Not What I Want") – 3:13
"Fotos" ("Photos") – 3:53
"Essen, Schlafen, Warten Und Spielen"("Eat, Sleep, Wait and Play") – 2:40
"Kalifornien" ("California") – 4:58
Some 2008 editions of this album also include the bonus track "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough", while a 2009 edition includes the bonus track "Du Fehlst Mir".
External links
Official website
Fotos at Last.fm
2008 albums
Virgin Records albums
Connecticut is a state in the United States
Connecticut may also refer to:
Connecticut Colony, an English colony located in British America
Connecticut River, a tributary of Long Island Sound
USS Connecticut, any of seven US Navy ships named for the state
University of Connecticut, the largest public university in the state
Connecticut Huskies, the athletic program of the University of Connecticut
Connecticut Avenue, a street in Washington, D.C.
See also
Mungmung is an annual festival of the Sangtam Nagas held in September in the state of Nagaland, India.
References
Festivals in Nagaland
Traditional counties are counties which may be no longer used for administrative purposes and refers to:
Ancient counties of England
Counties of Scotland
Historic counties of Wales
Counties in New Zealand
List of Quebec counties
A sabre is a type of sword.
Sabre, Sabres, saber, or SABRE may also refer to:
Weapons and weapon systems
Sabre (fencing), a sporting sword
Sabre (tank), a modern British armoured reconnaissance vehicle
Chinese sabre or dao, a variety of Chinese sword
HMS Sabre, three ships of the Royal Navy
North American F-86 Sabre, an American jet fighter aircraft
North American F-100 Super Sabre, an American supersonic jet fighter aircraft
SS-20 Saber, NATO designation for the RT-21M Pioneer missile
Fiction
Sabre (Eclipse Comics), one of the first graphic novels
Sabre (NX Files), a fictional character in NX Files videos
"Sabre" (The Office), an episode of American sitcom The Office and a fictional electronics company
Sabre, the name of Vert Wheeler's car in Hot Wheels Battle Force 5
Sabre, a vehicle in the Grand Theft Auto video game series
Sabre (1997), a novel by James Follett
Aircraft and rocket engines
SABRE (rocket engine) (Synergistic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine), a proposed combined cycle rocket engine
Arnet Pereyra Sabre II, an ultralight aircraft
Canadair Sabre, a jet fighter aircraft
Napier Sabre, a piston aeroengine
Organisations and companies
SaBRE (Supporting Britain's Reservists and Employers), a UK government campaign
Sabre Corporation, an American travel technology company which runs an air travel reservations system by the same name
Sabre Medical (previously called Sabre Safety), a Swedish gas-equipment company
SABRE Research UK, a UK charity for the scientific evaluation of animal models in medicine
Society for All British and Irish Road Enthusiasts (SABRE), a website covering the British and Irish road network
Sports teams
Buffalo Sabres, NHL hockey team
Somerset Sabres, the name used by Somerset County Cricket Club in one day competition
Sheffield Sabres, an English basketball team, from Sheffield, South Yorkshire
Other uses
Sabre (travel reservation system), a system owned by Sabre Holdings, originally developed by American Airlines
Sabre (dinghy), a class of sailing dinghy
Sabres, Landes, a commune in the Landes department in France
Honda Sabre, a Honda motorcycle
Sodium-iodide with Active Background REjection, a dark matter detection experiment planned for the Stawell Underground Physics Laboratory
Sabre squadron, an army combat unit of sub-battalion size
See also
Sabre Jet (disambiguation)
Society for American Baseball Research (SABR)
Saber (disambiguation)
Ceiba (disambiguation)
Saba (disambiguation)
Sable (disambiguation)
The Usambiro barbet (Trachyphonus usambiro) is a species of bird in the African barbet family Lybiidae. It was formerly considered a subspecies of D'Arnaud's barbet, along with Emin's barbet, but was split as a distinct species by the IOC in 2021. It varies from the nominate in having a longer wing, shorter tail, darker bill. The Usambiro barbet was originally described as a subspecies of D'Arnaud's barbet in 1908 by Oscar Rudolph Neumann from a specimen collected in Usambiro in Tanzania. It is now treated as a valid species in its own right.
It is found in southern Kenya and northern Tanzania, and is found in Maasai Mara National Reserve and Serengeti National Park. The species inhabits open areas including savannah, grassland, shrubland and pastures. It ranges from above sea-level. Where the species's range overlaps with the Red-and-yellow barbet, this species will avoid the streambeds favoured by the larger Red-and-yellow barbet and occupies flat areas.
The Usambiro barbet is long and weighs . The head is yellow with black spots and the wings are black with white spots. The breast is also yellow with a dark breast band. The belly is pale yellow with a reddish vent. The sexes are similar.
The diet of this species is assumed to be the same as the D'Arnaud's barbet, comprising seeds, fruit and a wide range of insects.
References
BirdLife International 2004. Trachyphonus usambiro. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 27 July 2007.
Usambiro barbet
Birds of East Africa
Usambiro barbet
Taxa named by Oscar Neumann
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Branimir Bajić (Cyrillic: Бранимир Бајић; born 19 October 1979) is a Bosnian retired footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
After playing for Radnik Bijeljina, Bajić was transferred to Partizan in July 2000. They scored a 90th-minute goal to give their team a 1–0 win over Rapid Wien in the first leg of the 2001–02 UEFA Cup first round. In May 2004, Bajić extended their contract with Partizan for another four years. They subsequently won their third championship with the club in the 2004–05 season. In February 2006, Bajić was loaned for six months to Emirati club Al Wahda with an option for a permanent deal. They eventually returned to Partizan and played regularly for the side in the 2006–07 season.
In June 2007, Bajić moved to Germany and signed with TuS Koblenz, on a three-year deal. They spent the next two seasons at the club, before transferring to Denizlispor in July 2009. After one year in Turkey, Bajić returned to Germany and signed with MSV Duisburg. On 9 May 2018, it was announced that they will leave Duisburg at the end of the 2017–18 season. After the season, they announced their retirement.
International career
Bajić made their debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in an August 2004 friendly match against France and has earned a total of 21 caps, scoring no goals. Their final international was an August 2008 friendly against Bulgaria.
In September 2008, citing their dissatisfaction with the atmosphere in the national team following Ćiro Blažević's arrival at the helm of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in an interview for Sportski žurnal daily, Bajić announced their retirement from international football at the age of 28.
Couple of days later in Dnevni avaz newspaper, Bajić denied giving an interview to Sportski žurnal and announcing their international retirement.
Honours
Partizan
First League of FR Yugoslavia: 2001–02, 2002–03, 2004–05
FR Yugoslavia Cup: 2000–01
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
People from Bijeljina
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football defenders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FK Radnik Bijeljina players
FK Partizan players
Al Wahda FC players
TuS Koblenz players
Denizlispor footballers
MSV Duisburg players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
UAE Pro League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
2. Bundesliga players
Süper Lig players
3. Liga players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Serbia and Montenegro
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia and Montenegro
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Minnehaha is a hamlet located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, New York, United States.
References
Hamlets in Herkimer County, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
Chadchat is a region surrounding Santalpur in Patan district of Gujarat, India.
History
Chadchat is said to take its name from the Chavad or Chad Chadchat branch of the Parmar tribe who conquered the district, till then occupied by Turks, probably the same who settled at Santalpur. This tribe was afterwards known in history as the Chavad Rajputs, though in reality a sub-division of the ancient tribe of Parmars. Five Chadchat villages were wrested from the Jadejas by Vaghela Kanji of Morvada and annexed to their domain. These states are divided amongst a number of chiefs, the principal of whom were Devising, and Lakhaji during British times.
These states made agreements with the British Government in the 1820s. It was under Palanpur Agency of Bombay Presidency, which in 1925 became the Banas Kantha Agency. After Independence of India in 1947, Bombay Presidency was reorganized in Bombay State. When Gujarat state was formed in 1960 from Bombay State, it fell under Gujarat.
References
Villages in Patan district
Princely states of Gujarat
BBC One Scotland is a Scottish free-to-air television channel owned and operated by BBC Scotland and is a Scottish variation of the UK-wide BBC One.
For all of the time the channel is referred to on screen as BBC One Scotland, sometimes using overlays to replace the normal channel identifier. The station also has its own team of continuity announcers, provided by BBC Scotland, to accommodate for the variations seen in Scotland from the rest of the BBC One network, whilst also providing the channel with an added Scottish identity. The announcers, based in Glasgow, also double up as transmission directors.
History
The first television service in Scotland was launched by the British Broadcasting Company on 1 January 1968.
Presentation
BBC One Scotland updated its visual presentation style as part of the network BBC One revamp on 7 October 2006. The presentation style fits in with the national BBC One 'Circle' idents, but with the "Scotland" caption added to the network logo.
Availability
A HD (high-definition) simulcast of BBC One Scotland launched on 14 January 2013 on Freeview, Freesat, Sky and Virgin Media. On 10 December 2013, BBC One Scotland HD was swapped with the SD channel on Sky's EPG for HD subscribers.
Programming
BBC One Scotland is responsible for covering certain special events such as the annual Hogmanay Live programme which sees in the New Year, and major Scottish sporting events such as football internationals, the Scottish Cup, Scotland's Six Nations rugby union campaigns, and the performance of Scottish competitors at the Commonwealth Games and Olympic Games.
Whilst generally following the schedules of the UK-wide BBC One, BBC One Scotland offers programming specific to Scotland, such as soap opera River City and football programme Sportscene. As a result of this, regular BBC One shows, such as Holby City, are scheduled at different regular times in Scotland, compared with the rest of the UK.
News, Sport and Weather specifically for Scotland are examples of the channel's distinct output.
Examples of BBC One Scotland programmes include:
BBC Scotland Investigates
The Beechgrove Garden
Gary: Tank Commander
Reporting Scotland
River City
Sportscene
The Scheme
24/7
Still Game
Scot Squad
References
External links
1952 establishments in Scotland
BBC television channels in the United Kingdom
English-language television stations in the United Kingdom
Television channels and stations established in 1952
BBC Scotland
Television channels in Scotland
365 () is Taiwanese Mandopop trio boyband JPM's second studio Mandarin album. It was first released on 30 November 2012 by Sony Music (Taiwan).
Album
The album was released a year after the first album Moonwalk (). They use "Love" as the main theme of this album. In other words, each song is used to describe different types and stages of love. In addition with the theme of love, 365 albums also emphasized the "Golden Triangle" concept to capture each members' individual firm and confidence and also to represent their strong brotherhood. Demonstrating the trio's mastery of a multitude of music styles, the new album's track list includes an electro-dance K-Pop-styled titular song "365 Days" especially produced by Korean producers Jay & Taemu. Moreover, the track list also includes a solo song for each member, and a collaboration with Kimberley Chen entitled "Internet". Once again, Liao Xiao Jie and Qiu Wang Zi took part in putting the album together as Liao filled the role of the producer for half of the album, lyricist of three songs and the composer of two songs, while Qiu is the lyricist of the main song, 365, of the album. The five main songs of the album are "365 days ()", "I Don't Miss You That Much ()", "Internet", "Singing 4 Love" and "She Wanna Go".
Track listing
Music videos
365 天
"我沒有很想你" (I Don't Miss You That Much)
"Internet(ft. Kimberley Chen)"
"Singing 4 Love"
"She Wanna Go"
References
External links
JPM page at Sony Music
2012 albums
Sony Music Taiwan albums
JPM (band) albums
The North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team, commonly referred to as Carolina, represents the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in NCAA Division I college baseball. They compete in the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Tar Heels play their home games on campus at Boshamer Stadium, and are currently coached by Scott Forbes.
History
The program's first recorded game took place in 1867, when the Tar Heels defeated a Raleigh all-star team, 34-17. Although baseball continued to be played at UNC, there exists a gap in record-keeping during Reconstruction, despite the noted existence of the UNC baseball team. The program's next recorded games were played in 1891. Thereafter, the University sponsored a varsity intercollegiate baseball program on a regular basis from that season onwards.
In 1921, the University of North Carolina became a founding member of the Southern Conference. Bunny Hearn became head coach of the Tar Heel baseball program in 1932, serving in that capacity for the next 15 years. The Tar Heels would win six Southern Conference baseball titles during the Hearn era, as well as two wartime Ration Leagues titles in 1943 and 1945. In 1947, Hearn suffered a stroke and chose to relinquish their head coaching duties. Walter Rabb would thereafter take over as head coach of the Tar Heel baseball program, though Hearn remained as a coach at North Carolina for another ten years.
During the 1948 season, the program qualified for its first NCAA Tournament, which had first been played in 1947. North Carolina's record in the tournament was 1-2.
North Carolina left the Southern Conference in 1953, opting to become a founding member of the newly formed Atlantic Coast Conference. The Tar Heels won their first ACC baseball title in 1960. The program's first College World Series appearance also came in 1960. In 1964, the Tar Heels won their second ACC baseball title, posting an undefeated record in conference play. No other team in ACC baseball history has ever been undefeated in conference
play.
The Tar Heels would appear in the College World Series three more times during the 20th century.
The Tar Heels reached the College World Series in four consecutive years between 2006 and 2009, and five times in six years between 2006 and 2011. They reached the national championship series in both 2006 and 2007, but lost on both occasions to the Oregon State Beavers. The Tar Heels made a third straight trip to Omaha in 2008.
While Boshamer Stadium was being renovated and rebuilt during the 2008 season, the Tar Heels played their home games at the USA Baseball National Training Complex in nearby Cary. The Tar Heels returned to Chapel Hill in February 2009, following the completion of the extensive renovations to Boshamer Stadium. The Tar Heels reached the 2009 College World Series, the program's fourth consecutive College World Series appearance, following their first season playing in newly renovated Boshamer Stadium.
The Tar Heels once again reached the College World Series in 2011. The Tar Heels were the top overall seed in the 2013 NCAA Baseball Tournament, during which they reached the 2013 College World Series once again. In 2018, the Tar Heels reached the College World Series for the seventh time in thirteen seasons.
Head coaches
Boshamer Stadium
Boshamer Stadium, the program's home venue, was built in the early 1970s and renovated in the late 2000s. It has a capacity of 4,100 spectators, with additional standing room. It has hosted five ACC Tournaments, most recently in 1983. It is centrally-located on the University campus, adjacent to Ehringhaus Residence Hall and Karen Shelton Stadium.
Notable alumni
Dustin Ackley
Russ Adams
Scott Bankhead
Daniel Bard
Tom Buskey
Tim Federowicz
Mike Fox
Tyrell Godwin
Moonlight Graham
Adam Greenberg
Garry Hill
Chad Holbrook
Levi Michael
Colin Moran
Mike Morin
R. C. Orlan
Brian Roberts
Paul Shuey
B. J. Surhoff
Walt Weiss
Brad Woodall
Rob Wooten
Current MLB roster
Former Tar Heels on current MLB rosters as of September 16, 2021.
See also
List of NCAA Division I baseball programs
References
External links
James Blake was the defending champion.
Sam Querrey won the final after defeating Paolo Lorenzi 6–1, 6–7(3–7), 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Sarasota Open - Singles
2012 Singles
Regional spatial strategies (RSS) provided regional level planning frameworks for the regions of England outside London. (In London, spatial planning is the responsibility of the mayor.) They were introduced in 2004. Their revocation was announced by the new Conservative/Liberal Democrat government on 6 July 2010.
History
RSS emerged from the Planning and Compulsory Purchase Act 2004, which abolished structure plans and replaced regional planning guidance (RPG) with RSS, which then became the strategic level plan charged with informing local development frameworks (LDFs). These were required to be in 'general conformity' with an RSS, which is a statutory, legal document.
Planning Policy Statement 11: Regional Spatial Strategies commonly abbreviated as PPS 11, set out the procedural policy on the nature of RSSs and focuses on what should happen in preparing revisions to them and explains how this relates to the Act and associated regulations. The current version was introduced in September 2004.
Objectives of RSS
Regional Spatial Strategies were expected to:
establish a 'spatial' vision and strategy specific to the region - for example, identifying in general terms areas for development or regeneration for a period of about 20 years ahead
contribute to the achievement of sustainable development
establish regionally specific policies, which are expected to add to rather than replicate national ones
address regional or sub-regional issues that may cross county, unitary authority or district boundaries
outline housing figures for district and unitary authorities to take forward in their local development frameworks
establish priorities for environmental protection and enhancement, and define the 'general extent' of areas of green belt
produce a regional Transport Strategy as part of the wider spatial strategy
outline key priorities for investment, particularly in infrastructure, and identify delivery mechanisms, in order to support development
identify how the region's waste should be dealt with
be consistent with and supportive of other regional frameworks and strategies.
They were each subject to a strategic environmental assessment.
Process
RSS were prepared by the relevant regional planning body (RPB), in the form of the Regional Assembly, and were then submitted to the Secretary of State. Once the RPB prepared a draft RSS, it published it for at least 12 weeks public consultation.
Following public consultation, an Examination in Public was held to debate and test the RPB's proposals. A Panel formed by the Planning Inspectorate - independent of the RPB and central Government - oversaw this process. Following the Examination in Public, the Panel prepared a report of findings and recommendations to the Government on how the draft RSS might be improved. The Government then issued Proposed Changes to the draft strategy, taking account of the Panel's recommendations and representations on any matters not considered at the Examination in Public.
The Secretary of State then made any final amendments in the light of the responses to the Proposed Changes consultation, and issued the final 'Regional Spatial Strategy'.
Local authorities then prepared Local Development Documents, which were to be consistent with the Regional Spatial Strategy, identifying specific locations for development and conservation, and establishing local policies for managing development.
Implementation
By the end of 2006 there were five revised RSS submitted to the Secretary of State. In other regions, Examinations in Public were held in 2006 and 2007. The Panel's reports on each of these were published, and in some cases proposed changes to the RSS were subject to public consultation.
The East of England's RSS was the first RSS proper to have been submitted but was marred by political wranglings over housing numbers and transport infrastructure.
In October 2008 the RSS for the Southwest Region attracted more than 40,000 objections during Public Consultation thus placing the programme for roll out into serious delay.
By June 2009 objections to the RSS for the South East England led to a judicial review on the basis of various aspects of incompatibility of the document with European law, particularly on issues of Sustainability and Natural amenities.
The West Midlands RSS Phase two Revision underwent Examination in Public in summer 2009, and the panel published its report, but complications over obtaining a further impact assessment for the proposed changes meant that it was not adopted before the 2010 United Kingdom general election, and it progressed no further.
Revocation
In May 2010 the new Government announced the abolition of the Regional Strategies. They were formally revoked, under s79(6) of the Local Democracy Economic Development and Construction Act 2009, on 6 July 2010.
Supporting guidance to local authorities upon the revocation of RSS stated: "In the longer term the legal basis for Regional Strategies will be abolished through the "Localism Bill" that we are introducing in the current Parliamentary session. New ways for local authorities to address strategic planning and infrastructure issues based on cooperation will be introduced."
In respect of housing figures, the guidance stated that: "Local planning authorities will be responsible for establishing the right level of local housing provision in their area, and identifying a long term supply of housing land without the burden of regional housing targets. Some authorities may decide to retain their existing housing targets that were set out in the revoked Regional Strategies. Others may decide to review their housing targets."
On 10 November 2010 Mr Justice Sales ruled in the case of Cala Homes (South) Ltd v Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government that The Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government was not entitled to use the discretionary power to revoke regional strategies contained in s 79(6) of the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009 to effect the practical abrogation of the regional strategies as a complete tier of planning policy guidance.
Commons Select Committee Report
In March 2011, the all-party Commons Communities and Local Government Committee published its report on the implications of the abolition of the RSS system. It stated that: "The intended abolition of regional spatial planning strategies leaves a vacuum at the heart of the English planning system which could have profound social, economic and environmental consequences set to last for many years." Committee chair Clive Betts said:"Regional Spatial Strategies bridged the gap between those planning issues determined by local policy or concern, and those subject to policy goals defined at a national level – such as those for housing or renewable energy. We...are concerned about the hiatus created by their intended abolition. This is giving rise to an inertia that is likely to hinder development - making it much harder to deliver necessary but controversial or emotive 'larger than local' facilities - such as waste disposal sites, mineral workings or sites for gypsies and travellers. It will also make it more difficult to ensure that our national need for new housing is met."
The committee expressed concern about the lack of robust and consistent evidence to support local development plans, and asked the Government to bring forward transitional arrangements to ensure a coherent, efficient planning system for the future. It also warned that the abolition of RSSs will hamper the UK's economic recovery and delay new house building.
See also
Planning Policy Statements
Town and country planning in the United Kingdom
Planning and Compulsory Purchase Act 2004
References
External links
Government Policy and Guidance: PPS11 Regional Spatial Strategies
Government Office for the North West
The South West [of England] Regional Assembly
Regional Spatial Strategy. From 1 July 2006, responsibility for the administration of the Regional Planning Budget transferred to the Planning Inspectorate from The Department for Communities and Local Government. This also includes links to Examination in Public websites
Regional planning in England
Town and country planning in England
de:Regionalplanung
Alikovsky District (; , Elĕk rajonĕ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-one in the Chuvash Republic, Russia. It is located in the northwestern central part of the republic and borders with Morgaushsky and Yadrinsky Districts in the north, Krasnoarmeysky District in the east, Vurnarsky and Shumerlinsky Districts in the south, and with Krasnochetaysky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a selo) of Alikovo. Population: The population of Alikovo accounts for 14.5% of the district's total population.
History
The district was formed on October 1, 1927.
Economy
There is a construction plant in Alikovo.
Transportation
The Cheboksary–Yadrin and the Cheboksary–Krasnye Chetay autoroute cross the territory of the district.
Demographics
As of the 2010 Census, 97.55% of the raion's population was ethnically Chuvash, 1.76% of the population was ethnically Russian, and the remaining 0.69% of the population was from other ethnic groups.
Education
There is a middle school in Alikovo.
Culture
There is the Alikovo District Literary and Local Lore Museum, a people's theater, a folk band, a veteran's orchestra, a school's brass band, and a chorus. Regional Chuvash music festival "Vir'yal shevlisem" (lit. Viryal's pancakes) takes place in May of each year.
Notable people
Alexander Artemiev, writer and poet
Anatoly Serep, writer and poet
Arcady Aris, writer
Arkady Malov, poet and translator
Boris Markov, actor, director
Gerasim Pileš, writer and playwright
Ille Toktash, writer and poet
Nikita Larionov, writer and poet
Nikolai Yut, writer, folklorist, and literature critic
Stanislav Voronov, artist
Further reading
L. A. Yefimov, "Alikovsky District" ("Элӗк Енӗ"), Alikovo, 1994.
"Аликовская энциклопедия" (Alikovsky District's Encyclopedia), authors: Yefimov L.A., Yefimov E.L., Ananyev A.A., Terentyev G.K., Cheboksary, 2009, .
References
Notes
Sources
Districts of Chuvashia
Reformed Church University (RCU) was established in 2012 in Masvingo Zimbabwe.
References
External links
Reformed Church University website
Universities and colleges in Zimbabwe
Educational institutions established in 2012
Reformed Church in Zimbabwe
2012 establishments in Zimbabwe
Buildings and structures in Masvingo Province
Christian universities and colleges
Education in Masvingo Province
James Edward Hindson (born 13 September 1973) is an English cricketer. Hindson is a right-handed batsman who bowls slow left-arm orthodox. They were born at Huddersfield, Yorkshire.
Hindson made their first-class debut for Nottinghamshire against Cambridge University in 1992. From 1992 to 1997, they represented the county in 28 first-class matches, the last of which came against Glamorgan in the County Championship. In their 28 first-class matches, they scored 384 runs at a batting average of 13.24, with a single half century high score of 53*, while in the field they took 14 catches. With the ball they took 93 wickets at a bowling average of 32.74. They took five wickets in an innings 7 times and 10 tens wickets in a match twice, with the best innings bowling figures of 5/42.
It was for Nottinghamshire that they made their debut in List A cricket during the 1994 AXA Equity and Law League against Worcestershire. From 1994 to 1998, they represented the county in 26 List A match, the last of which came against the touring South Africans. They later represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in List A match, making their debut for the Board against the Gloucestershire Cricket Board in the 2000 NatWest Trophy. From 2000 to 2002, they represented the Board in 4 List A match, the last of which came against Cumberland in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002. In total, Hindson played 30 List A match, during which they scored 174 runs at an average of 21.75, with a high score of 41*, while in the field they took 9 catches. With the ball they took 21 wickets at an average of 46.09, with best figures of 4/19.
They currently play club cricket for Kimberley Institute Cricket Club in the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board Premier League.
References
External links
James Hindson at Cricinfo
1973 births
Living people
Cricketers from Huddersfield
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
Astragalus campylanthus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
campylanthus
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
Risto Punkka (19 March 1957 – July 2014) was a Finnish biathlete. They competed in the 10 km sprint event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
2014 deaths
Finnish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Finland
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Lemi
Sportspeople from South Karelia
Nir Akiva (, lit. Akiva's Meadow) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Netivot and Nir Moshe and covering 1,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The moshav was established in 1953 on land that had belonged to the Palestinian village of Kawfakha. It was named after Akiva Etinger, a chief of the Settlement Department in the Jewish Agency. In the late 1970s Amir Peretz was a member of the moshav.
References
External links
Nir Akiva Negev Information Centre
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1953
Populated places in Southern District (Israel)
1953 establishments in Israel
DJ-Kicks: Nicolette is a DJ mix album, mixed by Nicolette. It was released on 10 March 1997 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
CD Cat number: !K7054CD
Vinyl Cat number: !K7054LP
Disc one
"It's Yours" - Doc Scott – 5:00
"Never Not" (The Black Dog remix) - Nav Katze – 5:56
"Nightbreed" - C. J. Bolland – 5:00
"Java Bass" - Shut Up and Dance – 3:17
"Suicide" - Alec Empire – 4:08
"Migrant" - Palace of Pleasure – 6:46
"Phyzical" - Roni Size – 6:09
"Ventolin" (Salbutamol Mix) - Aphex Twin – 6:08
"Pound Your Ironing Board" - The Mike Flowers Pops & Slang – 3:09
"I Woke Up" - Nicolette – 5:46
"Lash the 90's" - Alec Empire – 4:34
"Original Nuttah" - Shy FX & UK Apache – 2:17
"Severe Tramua" - Critical Mass – 2:10
Disc two
"Burning" - DJ Krust – 7:46
"Pillow" - Ohm Square – 4:44
"70 + DF" - Horn – 6:37
"Basslines Playin' Loud" - Tag – 2:29
"A Single Ring" - Nicolette – 2:23
"Sweat" - Shizuo – 4:06
"Bastards" - Shut Up and Dance – 5:36
"Too Busy to Live" (Pressure Mix) - Oge – 3:51
"You, Them and Maybe Us" (Challenge Sonica Mix) - Grammatix – 4:41
"Angry Dolphin" - Plaid – 6:04
"Walhalla's Gate" - Aquastep – 5:24
"Bless to Kill" - Mark N-R-G – 3:46
"All Day (DJ Kicks)" - Nicolette – 4:36
External links
DJ-Kicks website
Nicolette
Nicolette (musician) albums
1997 compilation albums
is a private women's junior college in the city of Ichinomiya in Aichi Prefecture, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1941, and it was chartered as a university in 1955.
Alumni
Mayumi Hashimoto, CEO of Book Off.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1941
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Aichi Prefecture
1941 establishments in Japan
Emmett Reuben Hicks (March 7, 1854 – October 27, 1925) was an American lawyer.
Born in Waukau, Wisconsin, Hicks received their bachelor's degree and law degrees from University of Wisconsin–Madison and practiced law in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. They served as Wisconsin Attorney General 1899–1903 as a Republican.
Hicks died in Oshkosh when they were run over twice by the same car while crossing the street.
References
1854 births
1925 deaths
Politicians from Oshkosh, Wisconsin
People from Waukau, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin Attorneys General
Joshua Sommer is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Germany.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
German motorcycle racers
Living people
1989 births
250cc World Championship riders
Hoosier Theater Building is a historic theatre and attached commercial / residential building located at Whiting, Lake County, Indiana. It was built in 1924, and is a three-story, rectangular, brown brick building. It has a flat roof and three storefronts, along with the -story arched theater entrance trimmed in terra cotta and marquee. The theater is a plain -story brick structure attached to the end and rear of the commercial / residential section.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
References
External links
Hoosier Theater website
Cinema Treasures entry
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Theatres completed in 1924
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
Whiting, Indiana
Paul Haarhuis and Mark Koevermans were the defending champions, but competed this year with different partners. Haarhuis teamed up with Jacco Eltingh and lost in the semifinals to Henrik Holm and Anders Järryd, while Koevermans teamed up with Jan Apell and lost in the first round to Javier Sánchez and Daniel Vacek.
Scott Melville and Piet Norval won the title by defeating Henrik Holm and Anders Järryd 7–6, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
The first four seeds received a bye to the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Official results archive (ATP)
Official results archive (ITF)
Doubles
Gerhard Stolle (born 11 November 1952) is a retired East German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres. Their personal best time was 1.46.19 minutes, achieved at the European Championships in Rome.
Achievements
1952 births
Living people
East German male middle-distance runners
Harold Nunley (12 January 1912 – June 2005) was an English cricketer. Nunley was a left-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. They were born at Raunds, Northamptonshire.
Nunley made three first-class appearances for Northamptonshire in the 1931 County Championship against Glamorgan, Kent and Worcestershire. In these three matches, they scored a total of just 20 runs at an average of 6.66, with a high score of 12.
They died at Kettering, Northamptonshire in June 2005.
References
External links
Harold Nunley at ESPNcricinfo
Harold Nunley at CricketArchive
1912 births
2005 deaths
People from Raunds
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
The 22nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1859 and 1863.
The assembly sat at the pleasure of the Governor of Nova Scotia, George Augustus Constantine Phipps.
Stewart Campbell was chosen as speaker for the house.
The 22nd General Assembly was actually the 21st assembly of the province, and earned its name due to an error. According to the 1983 revised edition of The Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia 1758 -1983 : a biographical directory:
List of Members
Notes:
References
Journal and proceedings of the House of Assembly of the province of Nova Scotia, Session 1860 (1860)
Terms of the General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1859 in Canada
1860 in Canada
1861 in Canada
1862 in Canada
1863 in Canada
1859 establishments in Nova Scotia
1863 disestablishments in Nova Scotia
Oyumiğde, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Royal Norwegian Ministry of Culture and Equality (; short name Kultur- og likestillingsdepartementet) is responsible for cultural policy, regulations and other matters related to the media and sports, and equality and non-discrimination. The ministry was established in 1982, as the Ministry of Cultural and Scientific Affairs. Until then, the Ministry of Church and Education Affairs had had the overriding responsibility for cultural affairs in Norway. It is led by the Minister of Culture and Equality Anette Trettebergstuen (Labour). The Secretary-General of the ministry is Kristin Berge. The ministry reports to the Storting.
History
The Ministry of Churches and Education, which was also responsible for culture, was founded in 1818. Finally, in 1982, an independent Ministry of Culture was established under the name of Kultur- og vitenskapsdepartementet (Ministry of Culture and Science). Another restructuring of responsibilities in 1990 led to the formation of a Ministry of Churches and Culture (Kirke- og kulturdepartementet) and a Ministry of Education and Research (Utdannings- og forskningsdepartementet). In 1991 responsibility for the churches was handed over again from the Ministry of Culture to the now renamed Ministry for Churches, Education and Research (Kirke-, utdannings- og forskningsdepartementet). In 2002, the Ministry of Culture received the subject area again and was given the name Kultur- og kirkedepartementet.
The ministry was called Kulturdepartementet from 2010 until the end of 2021. In 2019, responsibility for equality was transferred from the Ministry of Children and Family to the Ministry of Culture. On January 1, 2022, the ministry was renamed Kultur- og likestillingsdepartementet (Ministry of Culture and Equality).
Organisation
The ministry is led by the Minister of Culture and Equality Anette Trettebergstuen, who represents the Labour Party. The Secretary-General of the ministry is Kristin Berge. Gry Haugsbakken and Odin Adelsten Aunan Bohmann are state secretaries, and Oda Malmin is a political adviser.
Departments
The ministry is divided into six departments and an information unit.
Department of Civil Society and Sports
Department of Cultural Heritage
Department of Media and the Arts
Department for Equality, Non-discrimination and International Affairs
Department of Administrative Affairs
The Communication Unit
See also
Minister of Culture (Norway)
Politics of Norway
References
External links
Official web site
Culture and Church Affairs
Norway
Ministries established in 1982
1982 establishments in Norway
"DVP" is a song recorded by the Canadian punk rock band PUP for their second studio album, The Dream Is Over (2016). It was released as the lead single from The Dream Is Over on January 26, 2016 through Royal Mountain Records in Canada and SideOneDummy elsewhere. PUP first emerged in the early 2010s from Toronto, where they went by the name Topanga and acquired skill in DIY punk clubs. They played hundreds of concerts on the road per year, touring nonstop to support themselves. "DVP" is credited to each of the band members—Stefan Babcock, Zachary Mykula, Steven Sladkowski, Nestor Chumak—who recorded the track with producer David Schiffman in their hometown.
The fast-paced, energetic punk track follows a drunken narrator who refuses to grow up miserably attempting to repair a relationship. Babcock carries the vocals, alternating between shouting and harmonizing. The song's title comes from the Don Valley Parkway in Toronto, an expressway the narrator drunkenly speeds down. "DVP" was well-received by contemporary music critics, with many deeming it a highlight from The Dream is Over. Its music video, which repurposes dialogue from retro video games as song lyrics, saw wide acclaim.
Background
The Toronto-based punk rock quartet PUP first rose to notoriety on the strength of their 2014 self-titled debut. The group became heavy travelers, playing 250 shows that year in support, touring with acts like Modern Baseball and Jeff Rosenstock. "DVP" is from The Dream is Over, the band's 2016 breakthrough sophomore effort, which solidified their standing in the modern punk canon.
The song segues from the album opener, titled "If This Tour Doesn't Kill You, I Will". Frontman Stefan Babcock sings of being intoxicated and conversational, desperately trying to reconcile with a girlfriend they feel they need to mature. In the track, they depict themselves "doing 180 on the Don Valley Parkway," a municipal expressway in Toronto for which the song is named. Pushed to their breaking point, the narrator confesses that "nothing's working and the future's looking bleak" and admits they don't want live nor die. The song ends with a joke, implying the narrator overindulges in Hawaiian Fruit Punch instead of alcohol. Badcock later regarded the song with a mixed view, feeling as though it glorifies bad habits; though they admitted they still loved the song, they noted it was written when they were 25 years old and "would never write a song like that" with gained perspective.
"DVP" was released through Royal Mountain in the band's native Canada, and via SideOneDummy Records elsewhere. The band first shared the song on Twitter on January 26, 2016.
Music video
The song's music video was directed by Jeremy Schaulin-Rioux, a regular collaborator with the band who also helmed their "Guilt Trip" clip. The song is essentially a lyric video, reciting the song's words over edited clips of retro video games. "It's good to corrupt the things that corrupted us in the first place!" joked Schaulin-Rioux. The video games pulled from include ToeJam & Earl, Super Mario Bros. 3, Mortal Kombat, NBA Jam, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and The Terminator.
The music video was widely praised. Mark Beaumont from NME joked, "For gamers of a certain age, the new video for PUP's alcoholic's punk anthem 'DVP' is like watching your youth squandered on video games flash before your eyes." Eric Ducker at Rolling Stone wrote that "'DVP' brings humor and creativity to the uninspired world of lyrics videos by taking over sequences from cartridge-console video games." Jeremy D. Larson from Pitchfork ranked it among their favorite videos of its decade, "It looks deceptively basic but I'm guessing it was quite complicated to design. [...] It's the most fun you can have watching words on a screen." Andrew Unterberger at Billboard raved it was an "immaculately conceived and executed lyric video," ranking it among the best clips of the 2010s.
Reception
"DVP" received positive reviews from contemporary music critics. Ian Cohen at Pitchfork found the song thrilling, commenting that "'DVP' throttles forward at a breakneck pace, at least three choruses crashing together in a glorious pile-up of emotional wreckage." James Rettig at Stereogum felt the song represented the band's best, it "blending their hardcore and pop tendencies more seamlessly than ever before." A panel interpretation at PopMatters found reviewers mixed in their assessments, with Chad Miller finding it unappealing, and Jedd Beaudoin deriding, "There's a fine line between stuff like this and polka." Hau Chu at The Washington Post considered the track a standout, while Efrain Dorado highlighted it for the Chicago Tribune, describing it as "an ode to stupid decisions and the following regret that can make you feel like a loser with no way out." Collin Brennan at Consequence listed it among the best punk songs of its year, calling it the "best and most straightforward song" on the band's second LP. Lars Gotrich at NPR called it "chaotically catchy [...] a willfully silly nod to adolescence instead of as a knowing wink."
The song has continued to receive acclaim over the years. In 2021, Spin columnist Bryan Rolli called it PUP's finest track, "the perfect distillation of jittery punk aggression, festival-ready gang vocals and hilariously self-destructive lyrics."
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes for The Dream is Over.
Locations
Recorded at Union Sound Company, Lincoln County Social Club, and TA2 Sound & Music in Toronto, Canada.
Mastering at Howie Weinberg Mastering in Los Angeles, California.
Personnel
Stefan Babcock – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Steve Sladkowski – lead guitar, backing vocals
Nestor Chumak – bass, backing vocals, keyboards
Zack Mykula – drums, backing vocals, percussion
David Schiffman – producer, recording engineer, mixer
Alex Gamble – assistant engineer
John Dinsmore – assistant engineer
Masumi Kaneko – assistant engineer
Howie Weinberg – mastering engineer
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Meddle is a 1971 album by Pink Floyd.
Meddle may also refer to:
"Meddle" (song), a song by Little Boots
"Meddle", a song by Boston Spaceships from Zero to 99
See also
Medal (disambiguation)
Metal (disambiguation)
Mettle (disambiguation)
The World Championship is an annual competition and the premier championship for BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars. The winner is granted the honour of racing with a gold roof and wing until the next World Final.
Qualification
The World Final is usually held in September. The host tracks, all of which are based in Britain, are chosen by the designated promoter.
The grid for the World Final is composed of drivers from Britain who are chosen through a series of qualifying rounds and two World Championship Semi-Finals. Drivers who fail to progress from the World Semi-Finals may race again in a Consolation Semi-Final to choose two more entrants, and the reigning World Champion is entitled to start at the rear of the grid if they have not already qualified. The British drivers are joined by stock car drivers from the Netherlands, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man.
The most successful driver in World Final races is Rob Speak, who has won eight. Other notable multiple winners include Bill Batten (four), Dave Brown (three) and Gordon Moodie (three).
List of winners
All drivers are British, except where marked.
References
External links
Official BriSCA F2 website
Stock car racing in the United Kingdom
Stock car racing series
Auto racing series in the United Kingdom
Motorsport competitions in the United Kingdom
Timobesone is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Enones
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Thioesters
The 5th Infantry Brigade was a regular infantry brigade of the British Army that was in existence since before the First World War, except for a short break in the late 1970s. It was an Airborne Brigade from the early 1980s until amalgamating with 24th Airmobile Brigade, in 1999, to form 16 Air Assault Brigade.
History
During the Boer War, the 5th Infantry Brigade, known as the Irish Brigade, fought in the Battle of Colenso under Major General Arthur Fitzroy Hart. It consisted of the 1st Royal Dublin Fusiliers, 1st Inniskilling Fusiliers, 1st Connaught Rangers, and the 1st Border Regiment.
Following the end of the Boer war in 1902 the army was restructured, and a 3rd Infantry division was established permanently at Bordon as part of the 1st Army Corps, comprising the 5th and 6th Infantry Brigades.
World Wars
The brigade was part of the 2nd Division during the First World War and was one of the first British units to be sent overseas on the outbreak of war. The brigade became part of the British Expeditionary Force and saw action on the Western Front in the Battle of Mons and the subsequent Great Retreat and at the First Battle of Ypres, which saw the old Regular Army virtually destroyed.
During the Second World War, the 5th Brigade was again part of the 2nd Infantry Division and was sent to France in 1939 shortly after the outbreak of war, where it joined the British Expeditionary Force. It served on the Franco-Belgian border until May 1940, when it was evacuated at Dunkirk after fighting in the short but fierce battles of France and Belgium in which the German Army nearly cut off the entire BEF from the French Army. With the division, the brigade remained in Britain on home defence until 10 April 1942, when it was shipped out to India to fight the Imperial Japanese Army after a series of disasters suffered by the British and Indian troops stationed there. The 5th Brigade served with the 2nd Infantry Division in the Burma Campaign under General Slim's British Fourteenth Army and fought in the Battle of Kohima, which managed to help turn the tide of the campaign in the Far East.
Post 1945
Following the war, it was part of the British Commonwealth Occupation Force in Japan, and then the British Army of the Rhine until 1964, when the Brigade Group was released to bolster the strategic reserve. It arrived in Borneo in October 1965 to take control of the Mid West Sector during the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation, but by 1968 it was back in the United Kingdom as part of the 3rd Infantry Division. It did a tour in Northern Ireland during the early part of the Troubles.
In 1979-80 Headquarters 8 Field Force was heavily involved in directing the Commonwealth Monitoring Force during the transition to the newly independent state of Zimbabwe.
In the early 1980s, the Field Force concept was dropped in favour of traditional Brigades; 5th Infantry Brigade was reformed at Aldershot in January 1982 by the redesignation of 8th Field Force. The Brigade consisted of the former elements of the Parachute Contingency Force (PCF) from 6 Field Force (which became the 1st Infantry Brigade), at the time 2 PARA, together with a second Parachute Battalion from 8 Field Force (3 PARA).
Falklands War
The Brigade was sent to the Falklands in 1982 as the follow-on force to 3rd Commando Brigade. Having had its two Parachute Regiment battalions withdrawn to reinforce 3 Commando Brigades, it was hurriedly reconstituted with two Guards battalions pulled from Public duties in London and No. 63 Squadron RAF Regiment, (based at RAF Gütersloh, Germany) initially to provide additional Short Range Air Defence (SHORAD) of land forces landing at San Carlos Water.
5th Airborne Brigade
Following the Falklands War, it was converted into 5th Airborne Brigade by it Commander, Brigadier Tony Jeapes. The brigade consisted of two battalions of the Parachute Regiment, a Gurkha battalion, and a Territorial Army infantry battalion, together with additional parachute support elements and a small parachute deployable Brigade HQ. The 7th Parachute Regiment RHA returned from Germany and was converted to an airborne unit and attached to the brigade. A Brigade Logistic Battalion was formed. On 1 September 1999, the brigade merged with 24 Airmobile Brigades to produce 16 Air Assault Brigade.
Structure
First World War Order of Battle
The brigade was part of 2nd Division. The brigade commanded the following units in the First World War:
2nd Battalion, Worcestershire Regiment (transferred to 33rd Division on 15 December 1915)
2nd Battalion, Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry
2nd Battalion, Highland Light Infantry
2nd Battalion, Connaught Rangers (transferred to 3rd (Lahore) Division on 26 November 1914)
1/9th Battalion, (Glasgow Highlanders), Highland Light Infantry (November 1914 to January 1916)
2nd Battalion, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers (January to July 1915)
1st Battalion, Queen's (Royal West Surrey Regiment) (July to December 1915)* 1/7th Battalion, King's (Liverpool Regiment) (September to November 1915)* 17th (Service) Battalion (Empire), Royal Fusiliers (City of London Regiment) (December 1915 to February 1918)
24th (Service) Battalion (2nd Sportsman's), Royal Fusiliers (City of London Regiment) (from December 1915)
5th Machine Gun Company (from 1 January 1916 to 4 March 1918")
5th Trench Mortar Battery (from March 1916")
Second World War Order of Battle
The brigade commanded the following units in the Second World War:
2nd Battalion, Royal Warwickshire Regiment (until 5 February 1940)
2nd Battalion, Dorsetshire Regiment
1st Battalion, Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders
7th Battalion, Worcestershire Regiment (from 5 February 1940)
Falklands War Order of Battle
The final order of battle included:
205 signal squadron HQ, Royal Signals
1st Battalion, Welsh Guards
2nd Battalion, Scots Guards
1st Battalion, 7th Duke of Edinburgh's Own Gurkha Rifles
4th Regiment, Royal Artillery
1 troop of the Blues and Royals
63 Squadron RAF Regiment (SHORAD)
5th Airborne Brigade
The 5th Airborne Brigade Order of Battle was as follows:
HQ 5 Airborne Brigade
89 Abn Intelligence Section, Intelligence Corps
No.1 Air Force Liaison Section
2 x Parachute Battalions
1 x Infantry Battalion (2nd Battalion The Wessex Regiment (Volunteers). Note that while this was a Territorial Army battalion, it was a resident unit of the brigade, not part of the Territorial Army enhancement described below).
1 x Gurkha Battalion
1 x Armoured Recce Regiment Life Guards/ The Blues & Royals
4th Field Regiment Royal Artillery (1977 - 1983)
7th Parachute Regiment Royal Horse Artillery (1984 - TBA)
Royal Pioneer Corps
36 Engineer Regiment Royal Engineers
9 Para Squadron RE
20 Sqn RE
50 Field Construction Sqn RE
61 Field Support Sqn RE
216 (Parachute) Signal Sqn Royal Signals
Det 224 Signal Sqn Royal Signals
658 Aviation Sqn Army Air Corps
23 Parachute Field Ambulance Royal Army Medical Corps
160 Provost Company Royal Military Police
613 Tactical Air Control Party (Parachute) RAF Regt
614 Tactical Air Control Party (Parachute) RAF Regt
Logistic Battalion
63 Abn Squadron Royal Corps of Transport/ Royal Logistic Corps
82 Abn Ordnance Company Royal Army Ordnance Corps/ Royal Logistic Corps
10 Abn Workshop Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers
Commanders
Notable commanders included:
1938-1941 Brigadier Gerald Gartlan
1941-1942 Brigadier J.R.T. Aldous
1942-1944 Brigadier V.F.S. Hawkins
1944-1945 Brigadier M.M. Alston-Roberts-West
1982-1983 Brigadier Tony Wilson
1983-1985 Brigadier Tony Jeapes
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Airborne infantry brigades of the United Kingdom
Military units and formations of the United Kingdom in the Falklands War
Military units and formations of the Second Boer War
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War I
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War II
1999 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Military units and formations in Burma in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1908
Military units and formations disestablished in 1918
Military units and formations established in 1935
Military units and formations disestablished in 1976
Military units and formations established in 1982
Military units and formations disestablished in 1999
British Commonwealth Occupation Force
HP Slate is a small line of HP consumer tablets and All-in-Ones.
Models
Slate 500
HP Slate 500 - is a Intel Atom-based 8.9" Tablet PC, 2010.
Slate 6
HP Slate 6 - is a 6" Android smartphone.
Slate 6 VoiceTab
2014 model.
Slate 6 VoiceTab 2
2015 update.
Slate 7
HP Slate 7 — is a ARM-based 7" Android tablet, 2013. It has a stainless-steel frame, black front, and gray or red soft-touch back.
Slate 10
Pro Slate 12
HP Pro Slate 12 — is a 12" ARM-based Android tablet with pen input option, 2015
Slate 17
HP Slate 17 —is a Intel Celeron-based 17" Android tablet/All-in-One, 2014
Slate 21
HP Slate 21 — ARM-based 21.5" All-in-One computer, 2013.
HP Slate 21 Pro — Small-business thin client with Citrix Receiver preinstalled.
See also
HP Stream
References
HP Slate
Android (operating system) devices
Curious Pastimes (sometimes abbreviated to CP) is an organisation that runs one of the best-known live action role-playing campaigns in the UK. CP is a private, profit-making company headquartered in Moreton in the Wirral in Northern England. The company was formed in 1995, as a break away group from the Lorien Trust.
Curious Pastimes' ongoing LARP campaign is called Renewal.. The campaign uses its own set of LARP rules, adapted from the Lorien Trust Rules System. Renewal is a "Fest" Game, in which large numbers (typically hundreds) of players interact with one another and with a small number of briefed non-player characters, climaxing in pre-arranged mass battles between roughly even numbers at the two longer events. These battles represent one of the major variations from the Gathering parent-game, being exclusively Player-versus-Monster battles (the Gathering's battles are chiefly Player-versus-Player).
With approximately 800 players attending the main event in August, Renewal is the third-largest fest campaign in the UK, behind the Gathering and Profound Decisions' Empire.
Events
The Renewal Campaign comprises four events each year, culminating in the flagship event, also called Renewal, held every year over the August Bank Holiday weekend. All the events take place on weekends; two of them run from Friday evening to Sunday afternoon, and two, occurring on Bank Holiday weekends, run to Monday afternoon. Curious Pastimes also runs a system for formally approving smaller events (see below) staged by the various participating groups and factions throughout the year.
The events vary in size from 100 to 1000 people and present different aspects of the ongoing Renewal Campaign. The events are:
A battle event (variously titled Crusade, Bastion, Invasion etc.), traditionally on May Day Long Weekend, which will be held on Easter Weekend at Paccar Scout Camp, Chalfont Heights in 2011. The event emphasizes two mass battles against an identified game-plot enemy. The event normally attracts about 400-500 players.
A plot event (titled to give some hint as to the details of the event, as Heart of Darkness, Great Council etc.) on the second or third weekend of June at Barnswood Scout Camp in Leek. The event emphasizes introducing new plot elements, giving players access to significant non-player characters, and distributing in-game information. The event normally attracts about 250-300 players.
Fayre (generally named after the hosting nation, as Fayre of Albion etc.) on the second or third weekend of July at Woodhouse Scout Camp in Bristol. The event is an almost wholly player-led opportunity to trade and interact in-character, and several games and contests are held. The event normally attracts about 250-300 players.
Renewal on the August Bank Holiday weekend at Paccar Scout Camp in Gerrards Cross. The event is promoted as a "catch-all" event with two mass-battles, heavy interaction with plot and non-player characters and extensive opportunities for players to interact with one another. The event normally attracts about 700-800 players.
The May battle event was staged at Bispham Hall Scout Camp in Wigan until 2009, and Renewal was staged at Phasels Wood Scout Camp in Hemel Hempstead from 1998 to 2007. Both events were moved following negative customer feedback regarding the sites. Two smaller-scale events (40-70 players, peaking at 100 in April 2002) entitled Prelude (in March/April) and Aftermath (in September/October) were discontinued after Prelude 2002, due chiefly to rising venue costs.
Curious Pastimes classes itself as a "family-friendly" event, allowing parents to bring along children of any age. All children are entitled to full characters, though only those 16 or over are allowed to participate in the mass battles.
Sanctioned Events
Curious Pastimes offers formal "sanctioning", allowing affiliated groups (generally groups who also participate in the Renewal Campaign) to run their own events within the ongoing Renewal storyline. There are degrees of sanctioning, ranked from ‘Level 1' (lowest) to ‘Level 3' (highest); lower-sanctioned events have little effect on the main Renewal storyline but can be organised and run with minimal involvement by the company, while higher-sanctioned events may have a concrete effect on events at main events but need to be extensively co-ordinated with company staff.
Mandala LRP, a non-profit company founded by some of CP's staff and volunteers, ran several small, ‘Level 3' sanctioned events from 2004 to 2007; in addition, each of the factions runs one or two sanctioned events most years, bringing the total number of events taking place in the Renewal game world close to twenty in some years.
The Game World
The game's setting is a unique unnamed fantasy world. The world is more or less Earthlike, and the known, populated continent that hosts the player characters and their communities is a temperate-to-subarctic landmass broadly equivalent to Eurasia.
There are nine intelligent humanoid races in the CP setting: humans, elves, dark elves, dwarves, four "greenskin" races (orcs, ogres, goblins, and trolls) and a variety of animal-human hybrids collectively known as beastmen. All are more or less evenly-distributed across the world's population (and thus player base), with some variation among the different factions.
Factions
The known continent is populated by a number of monarchies, nation-states and confederations known as Factions, modelled very loosely on various real-world historical communities, with influences from fantasy literature, films and other sources, as well as original ideas. The majority of player characters belong to one or other faction, with the exception of a group of non-aligned players collectively labelled "mercenaries." The factions average about 100 in size at Renewal (i.e. 1/8 of the average Renewal turnout of 800), but are presumed to govern (or at least represent) populations in the hundreds of thousands, appropriate to those of equivalent pre-Industrial states.
In real-world terms, each faction is run as a more or less independent club, with a small administrative team assigned by CP and internal In- and Out-of-Character hierarchies. Many of the factions host websites for their members, and several of them stage small-scale "sanctioned" events set in the Renewal continuity. At events, members of a faction camp together; the factions' communal In-Character camps are the major focus of the game, with attacks against fortified camps and diplomatic missions between camps providing much of the storyline at each event.
The factions are:
Al'Gaia: Equal parts Elves and Renaissance-era Spanish and Italian humans, united by a form of Mother goddess worship. The Al'Gaia are from Estragales and Lyonesse.
Fir Cruthen: From the Irish Gaelic for "The Painted People". Predominantly human Bronze Age Celts, pursuing the ideals of the Celtic heroic tradition. The Fir Cruthen live in the allied kingdoms of Erin, Caledonia, Cumrija and Mann.
Jhereg: Originally inspired by Stephen Brust's Jhereg books. A motley of outcasts and nonhumans from different backgrounds, recreating a long-lost nation. The Jhereg have made their homes in Siberia.
Lions: A largely human traditional kingdom based on Arthurian Early-Medieval Britain and the ideals of Chivalry. The homeland of the Lions is Albion.
The Steppe Alliance: A mix of nomadic cultures and Cat from Red Dwarf, the Alliance lives in The Steppe.
Teutonians: A notionally Germanic culture, with the exception of the Roman-Imperial city-state of Riga. The Teutonians are marked by strong militarism, an open attitude to traditionally "evil" practices such as necromancy and a high proportion of nonhumans. Their home is Teutonia.
Wolves: Predominantly human Scandinavians, united by their worship of the Norse Pantheon. The home of the Wolves is Norsca.
Mercenaries: A "catch-all" category of non-aligned groups who share a camp but no common leadership or goals. Many are true mercenaries; others have independent political goals analogous to those of the factions.
Within the broad faction concepts stated above may be found a broad spectrum of characters, from the comical to the serious, from a range of historical (or pseudo-historical) backgrounds, and from the mean and humble to the high-heroic. Formally, Renewal is an "Open World" campaign setting, so players are permitted to submit any concept they wish, with the exception that neither gunpowder-weapons nor any more advanced technology are permitted.
The Empire of the Golden Isles
Most of the non-player character groups (generally threats of one sort or another) come from the same nations and communities represented by the player factions (plus mercenaries) listed above; many of the ongoing antagonist-plotlines therefore revolve around treachery and civil war. However, over the years a number of non-player characters and monsters have arisen from nations, cults, and other groups that belong outside the general context of the known player-character world.
Foremost among This is the Empire of the Golden Isles (often referred to as the "Greenskin Empire" or just "the Empire"), a large empire of nonhumans (ogres, orcs, goblins and trolls) modelled on Feudal Japan, that supposedly rivals the collected population and magical and military might of all the player nations combined. The Empire originates on a previously unknown archipelago that lies to the south of the continent occupied by the factions, and roughly equal to it in overall land area.
They first became known to the player characters at Prelude 2001 (see above), and quickly fell into a war with the factions until peace was reached in 2004 (1104 in the in-character calendar). Now they exist as an imposing political and military presence, producing many of the high-profile non-player characters and several of the more "political" plotlines. Two recent events - Fayre of the Empire (Fayre 2005) and Suukou Kaigi (plot-event 2007) - took place on Imperial lands and were focused predominantly on the ongoing Imperial plotline.
Other Worlds
The unnamed Renewal campaign world (sometimes referred to as "The Land") lies at the centre of the campaign's cosmology, surrounded by six more or less earthlike worlds and twelve supernatural worlds (including a plane of the undead, a plane of demons, a "pole" of spirits and the like). People from the Land very rarely travel to any of the other worlds, and the denizens of the other worlds only slightly more frequently visit the Land.
Several nations from one of the more earthlike worlds - the Keltoi, the Tagmatoi and the Amgeara (parallel versions of the Fir Cruthen, the Teutonians and the Al'Gaia, respectively) - invaded the Land in 1108 and 1109, before the portal connecting the two worlds was eventually sealed in 1110.
See also
Live action role-playing game
List of live action role-playing groups
References
External links
Live-action role-playing games
The 4700th Air Defense Group is a discontinued United States Air Force (USAF) organization. Its last assignment was with the 4709th Air Defense Wing at Stewart Air Force Base, New York. It was activated in 1950 as a support unit for USAF units at Stewart. In 1954, it assumed an operational mission and was assigned two interceptor squadrons. The group was discontinued on 18 August 1955 and its personnel and equipment were transferred to the 329th Fighter Group (Air Defense) as part of Project Arrow, an Air Defense Command project to air defense groups with fighter units with distinguished histories from World War I or World War II.
History
The group was organized 1 December 1950 as the 4700th Air Base Group to replace the 4400th Air Base Group as the USAF host unit at Stewart Air Force Base, New York in preparation for the transfer of Stewart to Air Defense Command (ADC) from Continental Air Command (CONAC). It was assigned three squadrons to perform its duties as host. The 4700th was assigned to Eastern Air Defense Force. It transferred with Eastern Air Defense Force from Continental Air Command to Air Defense Command (ADC) upon ADC's reactivation in January 1951.
The 4700th was redesignated as an air defense group in 1954 and reassigned to the 4709th Air Defense Wing with responsibility for air defense of the New York City area. The group was assigned the 330th and the 539th Fighter-Interceptor Squadrons (FIS), which were already stationed at Stewart, flying North American F-86 Sabre fighter aircraft as its operational components. The 330th and 539th FIS had been assigned directly to the 4709th Air Defense Wing. In January 1955, the 330th FIS and 539th FIS converted to more capable radar equipped and Mighty Mouse rocket armed North American F-86Ds.
The group was replaced by the 329th Fighter Group in 1955 as part of ADC's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars.
Lineage
Designated and organized as the 4700th Air Base Group on 1 December 1950
Redesignated 4700th Air Defense Group on 20 September 1954
Discontinued on 18 August 1955
Assignments
Eastern Air Defense Force, 1 December 1950 – 20 September 1954
4709th Air Defense Wing, 20 September 1954 – 18 August 1955
Station
Stewart Air Force Base, New York, 1 December 1950 – 18 August 1955
Components
330th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 20 September 1954 – 18 August 1955
539th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 20 September 1954 – 18 August 1955
612th USAF Infirmary, ca. 1 January 1954 – 18 August 1955
4700th Installations Squadron 1 December 1950 – 18 August 1955
4700th Maintenance & Supply Squadron (later 4700th Material Squadron), 1 December 1950 – 18 August 1955
Aircraft
F-86D, 1955
F-86F, 1954–1955
See also
List of Sabre and Fury units in the US military
List of United States Air Force Aerospace Defense Command Interceptor Squadrons
References
Notes
Bibliography
Buss, (ed), Sturm, Volan, & McMullen, History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955
Further reading
Grant, C.L., (1961) The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, USAF Historical Study No. 126
Air defense groups of the United States Air Force
Aerospace Defense Command units
Four digit groups of the United States Air Force
Military units and formations established in 1950
Military units and formations in New York (state)
1950 establishments in New York (state)
1955 disestablishments in New York (state)
Eliot Pattison (Joseph Eliot Pattison, b. 20 October 1951) is an American international lawyer, non-fiction author on the subject of international trade, and is best known as an award-winning mystery fiction novelist.
Their professional career consists of advising and representing U.S. and foreign companies on international investment and trade issues. They have published five books and more than 30 articles on international topics.
Pattison is best known for their two series of mystery novels set in different time periods and geographic areas.
Their Inspector Shan series is set in modern-day Tibet, and features former Beijing Justice Department Investigator Shan Tao Yun. Their first novel The Skull Mantra won the Edgar Allan Poe Award in 2000. The Inspector Shan series has been translated into over 20 languages and are sold around the world. The tenth and final book of the series, Bones of the Earth, was released in 2019.
Each novel involves one or more murders which set up a "who-done-it" mystery that protagonist Inspector Shan must resolve. The stories are set against a background of Tibetan history, culture, and religion, reflecting Pattison's extensive research and concern about the impact of Chinese control of modern-day Tibet.
Pattison's Bone Rattler historical mystery series features protagonist Duncan McCallum, a Scottish immigrant to North America in its colonial years. The series begins in territory near modern-day Albany, New York during the French and Indian War. The ongoing series currently consists of six novels.
Pattison's 2011 postapocalyptic crime novel Ashes of the Earth, a departure from their usual subject matter and settings, was critically acclaimed and received starred reviews from both Publishers Weekly and Booklist.
Pattison is married and has three children. They reside with their family on an 18th-century farm in Oley Valley, Pennsylvania.
Novels
Inspector Shan Series
The Skull Mantra (1999)
Water Touching Stone (2001)
Bone Mountain (2002)
Beautiful Ghosts (2004)
Prayer of the Dragon (2007)
The Lord of Death (2009)
Mandarin Gate (2012)
Soul of the Fire (2014)
Skeleton God (2017)
Bones of the Earth (2019)
Bone Rattler Series
The Bone Rattler (2007)
Eye of The Raven (2010)
Original Death (2013)
Blood of the Oak (2016)
Savage Liberty (2018)
The King's Beast (2020)
Hadrian Boone
Ashes of the Earth (2011)
Non-fiction
Registration of Foreign Agents in the United States: A Practical and Legal Guide (1981) (Edited by Joseph E. Pattison with John L. Taylor)
Establishing a Transnational Franchise (1988)
Acquiring the Future: America's Survival and Success in the Global Economy (1990)
Breaking Boundaries: Public Policy vs. American Business in the World Economy (1996) (Selected by The New York Times as one of the five best management books of the year)
Antidumping and Countervailing Duty Laws (2003)
Awards
The Skull Mantra won the Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best First Novel in 2000.
References
External links
http://www.eliotpattison.com
American mystery writers
American lawyers
1951 births
Living people
American male novelists
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American male writers
Road to Ruin is a 1991 romantic comedy, directed by Charlotte Brandström
Plot
Peter Weller plays a wealthy American business person living in Paris who falls in love with a fashion model (Carey Lowell) and decides to test their love by giving up their fortune.
External links
1990s romantic comedy films
1991 films
1991 comedy films
Mohan Bikram Singh (born 15 April 1935), often referred to as MBS, party name Gharti, is a Nepalese communist politician. Their father was a wealthy landlord in Pyuthan District who was close to King Tribhuvan. MBS however joined the opposition Nepali Congress in 1950, and took part in the 1950–1951 uprising for democracy.
MBS joined the united Communist Party of Nepal in 1953. They then began actively promoting communism and training local youth and peasants to oppose landholders in the area around Narikot, Pyuthan in 1953-54. This was taking place in the context of a growing nationwide peasant movement in Nepal in the post-Rana years of 1950-1960. Some of these initial activities were part of the local Progressive Study Group based at Ratamata-Vijayanagar, Pyuthan which was home to a communist training camp for local youth in 1953-54. Because of their local agitations they were arrested and spent 18 months in jail in Pyuthan, then in Salyan, until being released in 1956. In 1957 they were elected to the Central Committee of the party. In 1961, when the party was divided in different tendencies, MBS rallied the leftist sections, raising the demand for a Constituent Assembly. The line of MBS found much support amongst party grassroots, but they did not get any support from fellow Central Committee members. When the party was divided in 1962, MBS sided with the more radical Communist Party led by Tulsi Lal Amatya.
In 1971 MBS was released from jail. Man Mohan Adhikari had been released in 1969. Together with Shamburam Shrestha and Nirmal Lama they formed the 'Central Nucleus', which sought to unify with Communist Party of Nepal (Pushpa Lal). That merger never took off, and the Central Nucleus was divided. In 1974 MBS and Nirmal Lama held a 'Fourth Convention' of the Communist Party of Nepal (CPN). Effectively their faction constituted a separate party, Communist Party of Nepal (Fourth Convention).
In 1983 a split surged between MBS and Nirmal Lama. MBS went on to form a separate party, Communist Party of Nepal (Masal). This party would suffer several splits. In 1987 a major split occurred, after which MBS was left with leading a minority as the majority formed Communist Party of Nepal (Mashal).
During the Panchayat regime, MBS was based in Gorakhpur, India.
At the time of the 1990 popular uprising against the autocratic regime, MBS disagreed with the United Left Front in cooperating the Nepali Congress against the regime. They demanded a Constituent Assembly and advocated that armed struggle was necessary to fight the royal rule over the country. Communist Party of Nepal (Masal), Communist Party of Nepal (Mashal) and Communist Party of Nepal (Marxist-Leninist-Maoist) formed the United National People's Movement.
In 2002 CPN (Masal) merged with Communist Party of Nepal (Unity Centre), and formed Communist Party of Nepal (Unity Centre-Masal). MBS became the general secretary of the new party.
After the royal coup d'état on February 1, 2005 MBS went underground. Following the restoration of democratic rule, CPN(UC-M) was divided on issues like whether the party should join the coalition government. The party was divided into two, with the group led by MBS leaving the Seven Party Alliance and staying outside of the government. Singh's faction renamed itself as the Communist Party of Nepal (Masal).
Singh renewed their citizen certificate only in 2007, at the age of 72.
References
Bibliography
External links
www.mohanbikramsingh.com
1935 births
Living people
People from Pyuthan District
Nepalese communists
Communist Party of Nepal (original) politicians
Communist Party of Nepal (Amatya) politicians
Communist Party of Nepal (Fourth Convention) politicians
Communist Party of Nepal (Masal) (historical) politicians
Communist Party of Nepal (Mashal) politicians
Communist Party of Nepal (Unity Centre–Masal) politicians
Nepalese prisoners and detainees
Nick Sinai is a venture capitalist, adjunct faculty at Harvard Kennedy School, author, and a former senior official in the Obama Administration.
Nick Sinai was the Deputy Chief Technology Officer of the United States. They assumed this role under the second Chief Technology Officer of the United States, Todd Park, and continued under Megan Smith. Sinai was formerly a Senior Advisor to Park as well as to the first U.S. CTO, Aneesh Chopra, starting in 2010.
Sinai was a volunteer on the Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign and was selected to the leadership team of their Tech and Innovation transition team. During the campaign, they contributed to the Hillary for America policy proposal on technology and innovation, and a policy memo on transforming procurement.
Sinai is a regular contributor to the TV Show Government Matters, and has been quoted in the Wall Street Journal and the Economist.
Harvard Kennedy School
As Adjunct Lecturer in Public Policy at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, they teach a class on policy implementation. Previously, they designed and taught the field class “Technology and Innovation in Government.” Their students learned user-centered design, prototyping, user-testing, and how to hack bureaucracies with empathy to get stuff done.
Sinai was the inaugural Walter Shorenstein Media and Democracy Fellow at the Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy at the Harvard Kennedy School, where they focused on data as public infrastructure and the media, policy, and economic implications of providing greater public access to government data. Sinai is currently a senior fellow at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, as part of the Technology and Public Purpose Project, and was previously a faculty affiliate of the Shorenstein Center.
At the Belfer Center, Sinai has written about Improving Veterans' Digital Experience Across Presidential Administrations, Human-Centered Policymaking, and Modernizing the Regulatory State. Sinai co-authored a 2017 Harvard Business School case about the U.S. Digital Service, a Politico op-ed on digital government, and is a regular blogger about modernizing government.
Sinai is a faculty mentor to the Harvard Open Data Project, a group of over 40 Harvard College students showcasing uses of Harvard University data—including predicting the results of the undergraduate student government election.  They are an advisor to Coding It Forward, a non-profit by and for early-career technologists creating new opportunities into public interest technology, including the Civic Digital Fellowship, a summer fellowship program for early-career technologists, designers, and product managers to innovate in the federal government. Since its founding in 2017, Coding It Forward has hosted over 300 Fellows as part of the Fellowship across 12 federal agencies.
U.S. Digital Corps
Sinai co-founded the U.S. Digital Corps, with Chris Kuang and Caitlin Gandhi. The U.S. Digital Corps, a two year federal fellowship for early career technologists, was launched in August 2021 by the Biden administration, in a collaboration between the General Services Administration (GSA), the White House Office of Management and Budget, the Office of Personnel Management, the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. It is a cross‑government fellowship opportunity operated by the GSA's Technology Transformation Services (TTS).
Insight Venture Partners
Sinai is a Senior Advisor and Venture Partner at Insight Venture Partners. Founded in 1995, Insight Venture Partners has raised more than $30 billion in capital commitments, including $9.5 billion in its Fund XI in 2020. Insight has invested in more than 400 companies since its inception.
Sinai joined Insight in late 2014.  They are a board member at Rebellion Defense, LeoLabs, HawkEye 360, and BrightBytes and helped invest in Virgin Pulse and Recorded Future.
Deputy Chief Technology Officer of the United States
As U.S. Deputy CTO, Sinai led President Obama's Open Data Initiatives to liberate data to fuel innovation and economic growth. A prominent advocate and frequent speaker for Open Data, they have said “government data is a valuable asset and should be available wherever possible” and that data “should be thought of as infrastructure." They contributed to President Obama's Executive Order 13642, the re-launch of Data.gov, Project Open Data, the U.S. Digital Services Playbook, the G8 Open Data Charter, the White House Big Data report, and the U.S. Open Data Action Plan.
Sinai led Administration efforts to give Americans easier access to their own data and to advance the idea that Americans deserve secure access to their own healthcare (Blue Button), energy, student loan, tax, and other personal data in machine-readable formats. They launched the White House's Green Button Initiative, a public-private effort to provide electricity customers online access to their own energy usage data.
They led the Open Government Initiative and developed the second U.S. Open Government Plan, to ensure that the federal government is more transparent, participatory, and collaborative. Improvements underway as part of the plan include greater fiscal transparency, opening up the the People online petition platform, and improving service for Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests. Sinai was part of the U.S. delegation at the Open Government Partnership Head of State event, where President Obama unveiled new transparency commitments to improve accessibility to federal financial data, improve federal digital services, strengthen patient privacy in the health care system, and develop a federal open source software policy.
Sinai also helped start and grow the Presidential Innovation Fellows program, which brings tech-savvy entrepreneurs into the federal government for year-long "tours of duty", with a particular focus on data innovation projects. They also contributed to the launch and growth of U.S. Digital Service, including co-authoring part of the Digital Services Playbook. In January 2017, with less than an hour left in office, President Obama signed the TALENT Act, bipartisan legislation that made the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program a permanent part of the Federal government. Sinai's role in the legislation and the details of the dramatic signing was captured in a WIRED piece entitled “The Race to Pass Obama's Last Law and Save Tech in DC.”
Sinai also played a key role in developing the Administration's $4.5B grid modernization strategy to build a smarter and more secure electric grid, and helped develop President Obama's ConnectED initiative to bring fast broadband and digital learning to 99% of students.
National Broadband Plan
Prior to the White House, Sinai served at the Federal Communications Commission, where they helped draft the National Broadband Plan. The plan included recommendations that the U.S. should modernize the electrical grid, improve the energy efficiency of the IT industry, and unleash “energy innovation in homes and buildings by making energy data readily accessible by consumers.” In 2009, Congressman Ed Markey introduced legislation, the Electric Consumer Right to Know Act (e-KNOW Act), H.R.5696, in the 111th Congress (2009-2010), based on the policy recommendations in the National Broadband Plan. President Obama also put forth a recommendation in the National Broadband Plan that “Congress should make clear that state, regional and local governments can build broadband networks” as a policy proposal in the build up to their 2015 State of the Union.
Earlier career
Sinai was a venture capitalist at Polaris Partners and Lehman Brothers Venture Partners (now Tenaya Capital). At Polaris, they invested in LogMeIn, a company that went public in 2009. They also served in executive and advisory roles with two Boston area start-up technology companies, and served as a senior advisor to the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center.
Sinai earned an M.B.A from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, and an A.B. from Harvard University.
Works and Publications
Marina Nitze and Nick Sinai. “Hack Your Bureaucracy: Get Things Done No Matter What Your Role on any Team” Hachette. 2022.
Nick Sinai. "U.S. Digital Corps Expands Government Expertise." Belfer Center Newsletter, Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Harvard Kennedy School, Fall 2021.
Nick Sinai, David Leftwich, Kelly O'Connor, and Alex Lohr. “Improving Veterans' Digital Experience Across Presidential Administrations” Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Harvard Kennedy School, August 2020.
Nick Sinai, David Leftwich, Ben McGuire. “Human-Centered Policymaking” Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Harvard Kennedy School, April 2020.
Alisha Ukani and Nick Sinai “Data, Not Documents: Modernizing the Regulatory State” Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Harvard Kennedy School, March 2019.
Mitchell Weiss, Nick Sinai, and Michael Norris. "U.S. Digital Service." Harvard Business School Case 817-032, December 2016.
Omnibus Broadband Initiative. “Connecting America: The National Broadband Plan"
References
Living people
Harvard University alumni
University of Chicago Booth School of Business alumni
Office of Science and Technology Policy officials
American venture capitalists
Lehman Brothers people
Year of birth missing (living people)
House of Councillors elections were held in Japan on 10 July 2022 to elect 125 of the 248 members of the upper house of the National Diet, for a term of six years. The elected candidate with the fewest votes in the Kanagawa prefectural district will serve for three years, as the district combined its regular and byelections.
The election occurred within the first year of Fumio Kishida's term as Prime Minister and it saw Kenta Izumi debut as the leader of the opposition Constitutional Democratic Party. The election was overshadowed by the assassination of former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, which took place two days before ballots were cast. Abe was shot while delivering a campaign speech for Kei Satō, a member of the House of Councillors running for reelection. The assassin, who had previously served in the Japan Maritime Self-Defence Force, was arrested at the scene and reportedly confessed to targeting Abe due to a grudge they held against the Unification Church. Prime Minister Kishida denounced the assassination as an attack on Japan's democracy and vowed to defend a "free and fair election at all cost". In a post-election survey, 62.5 percent of the voters said their votes were not swayed by the assassination, while 15.1 percent said they were.
The ruling Liberal Democratic Party modestly increased its seats in the chamber. Turnout slightly increased compared to the previous election while a new record was set for women elected to the chamber at 28%. Parties supportive of constitutional revision gained a combined total of 93 seats, thus gaining the two-thirds majority needed to trigger the parliamentary procedure which was lost in the 2019 election.
The disparity in the value of a vote between prefectural districts in the election ranged up to 3.03 times, leading to nationwide legal challenges.
Background
Following the closing of the 208th session of the National Diet on 15 June 2022, the Cabinet of Japan held an extraordinary session to schedule an upper house election in which it was determined that the election would be formally announced to the public on June 22 with the vote to be held on 10 July 2022.
In May 2018, the government enacted a revision to the Public Offices Election Law that increased the number of seats in the House of Councillors by six, with three new seats being contested in 2019 and the other three being contested in 2022. As such, three new seats — one in the Saitama at-large district and two in the national PR block — were added to the House of Councillors as a result of the election.
A seat in the Kanagawa at-large district was left vacant following the resignation of Shigefumi Matsuzawa (independent), who was elected to the House of Councillors in the 2019 election. Matsuzawa resigned from their seat in the House of Councillors to run in the 2021 Yokohama mayoral election, for which they came in sixth. Since the seat was not eligible for a by-election, a merger election was held as a part of this election. This was the first time in 30 years - since the Saitama at-large district held one as part of the 1992 election - that a merger election was held. As a result, the Kanagawa at-large district elected five members this election instead of four, with the fifth-place winner serving for only three years instead of six. Furthermore, in October 2021, Kenji Nakanishi (Liberal Democratic), who was elected to the House of Councillors from the Kanagawa at-large district in the 2016 election, resigned their seat to compete in the 2021 Japanese general election for a seat in the House of Representatives, leaving their seat in the House of Councillors vacant prior to this election as well.
The "Special Postal Voting" system - put in place by the Corona Postal Voting Act passed in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic - was still in effect during this election. This system secured voting opportunities for those who could not vote in-person due to the pandemic. It was the first time the "Special Postal Voting" system was used for a House of Councillors election. In addition, a revision to the Public Offices Election Act was passed in April of 2022 that allowed for party political broadcasts to be made through FM broadcasting.
On 8 July 2022, former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was assassinated in Nara City while delivering a campaign speech for Kei Satō, a member of the House of Councillors running for reelection. The assassination took place just two days before the election. In response, some candidates from the Liberal Democratic Party and other political parties canceled their campaign events on that day. Prime Minister Kishida denounced the assassination as an attack on Japan's democracy and vowed to defend a "free and fair election at all cost". In a post-election survey, 62.5 percent of the voters said their votes were not swayed by the assassination, while 15.1 percent said they were.
At 20:00 (8pm) JST on July 10, when the voting ended, various media outlets across Japan - including NHK and Japan's five major commercial broadcasting networks (Nippon TV, TV Asahi, TBS TV, TV Tokyo, and Fuji TV) - all reported the results of the exit poll all at once. It was reported that the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and their coalition partner Komeito won significantly more seats than was needed for a majority, while the opposition parties of the Constitutional Democratic Party, Democratic Party for the People, and the Japanese Communist Party all lost seats. In addition, the Nippon Ishin no Kai (also known as the Innovation Party or the Restoration Party) was also projected to gain seats, and the exit poll projected that several independents would acquire seats as well.
The Democratic Party for the People had been described as "cozying up" to the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). The lack of policy agreements and electoral pacts led to more opposition candidates contesting in single-seat prefectural districts.
Electoral system
Seventy-four members were elected by single non-transferable vote (SNTV) and first-past-the-post (FPTP) voting in 45 multi-member and single-member prefectural electoral districts. The nationwide district elected 50 members by D'Hondt proportional representation with optionally open lists; the previous most open list system was modified in 2018 to give parties the option to prioritize certain candidates over the voters' preferences in the proportional election.
Opinion polls
Proportional voting intention
Seat projections
Results
The ruling Liberal Democratic Party modestly increased its seats in the chamber. Turnout slightly increased compared to the previous election while a new record was set for women elected to the chamber at 28%. Parties supportive of constitutional revision (Liberal Democratic Party, Komeito, Nippon Ishin no Kai, and Democratic Party for the People) won a combined total of 93 seats, and maintained the two-thirds majority needed to trigger the parliamentary procedure. Sanseito and NHK Party, with three seats combined, are also in favour of rewriting the Constitution.
The disparity in the value of a vote between prefectural districts in the election ranged up to 3.03 times (with a vote in Kanagawa Prefecture having only one-third the impact of a vote in Fukui Prefecture), leading to nationwide legal challenges. The Supreme Court had previously concluded after Upper House elections in 2010 and 2013 that a maximum vote-weight disparity of around 5 times was in a "state of unconstitutionality", with the current disparity coming somewhat close to that number. Prefectures have been resistant to combining electoral districts within their boundaries.
By constituency
Notes
References
Japan
House of Councillors (Japan) elections
House of Councillors
House of Councillors
William Millin (July 14, 1922 – August 18, 2010), commonly known as Piper Bill, was a Canadian musician who played bagpipes, and was personal piper to Simon Fraser, 15th Lord Lovat, commander of the British 1 Special Service Brigade at D-Day.
Early life
Millin was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, on July 14, 1922, to a father of Scottish origin who moved the family to the Prairies, but returned to Glasgow as a police officer when William was three. They grew up and went to school in the Shettleston area of the city. They joined the Territorial Army in Fort William, where their family had moved, and played in the pipe bands of the Highland Light Infantry and the Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders before volunteering as a commando and training with Lovat at Achnacarry along with French, Dutch, Belgian, Polish, Norwegian, and Czechoslovak troops.
Second World War
Millin is best remembered for playing the pipes whilst under fire during the D-Day landing in Normandy. Pipers had traditionally been used in battle by Scottish and Irish soldiers. However, the use of bagpipes was restricted to rear areas by the time of the Second World War by the British Army. Lovat, nevertheless, ignored these orders and ordered Millin, then aged 21, to play. When Private Millin demurred, citing the regulations, they recalled later, Lord Lovat replied: "Ah, but that's the English War Office. You and I are both Scottish, and that doesn't apply."
Millin played "Highland Laddie" "The Road to the Isles" and "All The Blue Bonnets Are Over The Border" as their comrades fell around them on Sword Beach. Millin states that they later talked to captured German snipers who claimed they did not shoot at them because they thought they had gone mad.
Millin, whom Lovat had appointed their personal piper during commando training at Achnacarry, near Fort William in Scotland, was the only man during the landing who wore a kilt – it was the same Cameron tartan kilt their father had worn in Flanders during World War I – and they were armed only with their pipes and the sgian-dubh, or "black knife", sheathed inside their kilt-hose on the right side.
Lovat and Millin advanced from Sword to Pegasus Bridge, which had been defiantly defended by men of the 2nd Bn the Ox & Bucks Light Infantry (6th Airborne Division) who had landed in the early hours by glider. Lovat's commandos arrived at a little past one p.m. at Pegasus Bridge although the rendezvous time in the plan was noon. To the sound of Millin's bagpipes, the commandos marched across Pegasus Bridge. During the march, twelve men died, most shot through their berets. Later detachments of the commandos rushed across in small groups with helmets on. Millin's D-Day bagpipes were later donated to Dawlish Museum. A set of pipes they used later in the campaign, after the originals became damaged, were donated to the now "Pegasus Bridge Museum".
Later life
Millin saw further action with 1 SSB in the Netherlands and Germany before being demobilised in 1946 and going to work on Lord Lovat's highland estate. In the 1950s they became a registered psychiatric nurse in Glasgow, moving south to a hospital in Devon in the late '60s until they retired in the Devon town of Dawlish in 1988. They made regular trips back to Normandy for commemoration ceremonies. France awarded them a Légion d'honneur for gallantry in June 2009. In 2006, a Devon folk singer, Sheelagh Allen, wrote a song about him, "The Highland Piper".
Millin played the pipes at Lord Lovat's funeral in 1995. Millin, who suffered a stroke in 2003, died in hospital in Torbay on 17 August 2010, aged 88. Their wife Margaret (, from Edinburgh) died in 2000. They were survived by their son John.
Popular culture and legacy
Millin's action on D-Day was portrayed in the 1962 film The Longest Day. Millin was played by Pipe Major Leslie de Laspee, the official piper to the Queen Mother in 1961.
One set of Millin's bagpipes are exhibited at the Memorial Museum of Pegasus Bridge in Ranville, France. Another set of their bagpipes are now displayed at Dawlish Museum. Millin presented their pipes to Dawlish Museum prior to the 60th anniversary of the D-Day Landings in 2004, along with their kilt, bonnet and dirk. These items are still shown at the museum library with photographic archives and looped video telling of Millin's exploits.
Dawlish Museum officials have written testimony from Millin that the set on display in Dawlish is the genuine set which they played during the D-Day landings at Sword. The ones on show at the Pegasus Bridge Museum are a second set that were used by them later in the campaign, after the capture of Pegasus Bridge. Pegasus Museum says that it lays no claim to its set being the originals. Andrew Wright, vice chairperson of Dawlish Museum, said:
With the help of son John Millin and the Dawlish Royal British Legion, a bronze life-size statue of Piper Bill Millin was unveiled on 8 June 2013 at Colleville-Montgomery, near Sword, in France.
On 7 August 2013, BBC's The One Show featured a film about Bill's son John Millin and their playing of the bagpipes in memory of their father at the unveiling of the statue to Piper Bill at Colleville-Montgomery in Normandy. Broadcast live, from Weston-super-Mare, Larry Lamb explained that Bill Millin's pipes and uniform are on display at Dawlish Museum in Devon. The film also showed scenes of more than 500 pipers from 21 countries taking part in the unveiling of the £50,000 statue by French sculptor Gaetan Ader which took more than four years of fund raising by the D-Day Piper Bill Millin Association to complete.
Canadian Celtic-punk band The Real McKenzies recorded a song about Bill Millin ("My Head Is Filled with Music") on their 2012 album Westwinds. British folk band Police Dog Hogan refers to them in their song "Fraserburgh Train", from the 2012 album "From the Land of Miracles".
See also
Jack Churchill, another British Army bagpiper serving during the Second World War
References
External links
Bill Millin talks about the landing on Sword
Iconic piper sees French tribute, BBC News, Accessed 19 November 2009
Pegasus Archive's page on Bill Millin
The tribute to Bill Millin on the BBC's obituary programme, Last Word (2010 8 27), with excerpts from interviews with Millin, their son, and others who knew them
, Dawlish Museum
Imperial War Museum Interview
Musicians from Glasgow
Musicians from Saskatchewan
Great Highland bagpipe players
1922 births
2010 deaths
Canadian military personnel from Saskatchewan
Highland Light Infantry soldiers
Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders soldiers
British Army Commandos soldiers
British military musicians
Scottish nurses
20th-century Canadian male musicians
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Canadian emigrants to Scotland
British Army personnel of World War II
Charles-Marie de Féletz (3 January 1767, Gumont – 11 February 1850) was a French churchman, journalist and literary critic.
External links
1767 births
1850 deaths
19th-century French journalists
French male journalists
French literary critics
Members of the Académie Française
19th-century French male writers
Alberto Gout (1913–1966) was a Mexican screenwriter, producer and film director.
Selected filmography
Saint Francis of Assisi (1944)
Smoke in the Eyes (1946)
The Well-paid (1948)
Revenge (1948)
Courtesan (1948)
Aventurera (1950)
Sensualidad (1951)
En carne viva (1951)
Sacrificed Women (1952)
Aventura en Río (1953)
I Want to Live (1953)
La sospechosa (1955)
The Rape of the Sabine Women (1962)
References
Bibliography
Daniel Biltereyst & Daniela Treveri Gennari. Moralizing Cinema: Film, Catholicism, and Power. Routledge, 2014.
External links
1913 births
1966 deaths
Mexican film producers
Writers from Mexico City
Film directors from Mexico City
20th-century Mexican screenwriters
20th-century Mexican male writers
A Million Pound Game (stylized as £1M Game) is an annual playoff final rugby league game that decides which Championship team will be promoted to Super League the following season. Between 2015 and 2018, the game was played as part of The Qualifiers until the 2019 league restructure when it became the final of the top 5 playoff series.
History
It was proposed in 2014 and instigated in 2015, with the restructuring of the Rugby League season by the Rugby Football League.
At an RFL extraordinary general meeting in 2018, the clubs voted to scrap the Super 8s and revert to a one up one down system between Super league and the Championship as used previously. The Championship clubs voted to bring back the playoffs as a way to decide who gets promoted. A top 5 playoff system was decided to be the best format as it had previously been used between 2003 and 2007, the final being called the Championship play-off final and billed as the Million Pound Game.
Format
2003–2014: Championship Grand Final
2015–2018: The Qualifiers
At the end of the regular season, the bottom 4 teams in the Super League played the top four teams in the Championship in a league of eight. The top three teams were awarded a place in Super League whilst teams finishing fourth and fifth play each other for the final Super League place in a game called the Million Pound Game.
2019–present: Playoffs
For the 2019 season, the Super 8s were scrapped and it was decided a playoff series would be used to decide promotion to Super League. The top 5 Championship teams would compete in the playoffs with the Million Pound Game final being held at the home of the highest seeded team.
Results
Winners
See also
Championship Grand Final
League 1 Promotion Final
Championship Leaders' Shield
References
External links
Super League
Championship (rugby league)
Rugby league club matches
Granyena may refer to:
Granyena de Segarra, village in the comarca of Segarra
Granyena de les Garrigues, village in the comarca of Garrigues
Hougang Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located at the junction of Hougang Avenue 2 and Hougang Avenue 10 in Hougang, Singapore.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Hougang United FC.
The public can use the facilities from 4:30 am to 8:30 pm daily unless it is exclusively booked for a sporting event.
The stadium has a capacity of 3,800 people. Is also used for Rugby matches and bowling competitions.
History
From 1998 to 2003, it was home to the Marine Castle FC
For the 2005 S.League season, Paya Lebar Punggol FC played their home games at the stadium.
From 2006 to 2011, it was home to the newly merged club, Sengkang Punggol FC a.k.a. Hougang United.
From 2012 to 2019, the rebranded Hougang United Football Club will play their home games here.
From 2012 to present, this stadium is used for Rugby
References
Football venues in Singapore
Rugby union stadiums in Singapore
Multi-purpose stadiums in Singapore
Singapore Premier League venues
Hougang United FC
Anes Omerovic (born 20 May 1998) is an Austrian footballer playing as a midfielder for Vaduz, based in Liechtenstein and playing in the Swiss league system.  They are of Bosnian descent.
Club career
On 18 June 2021 they returned to Dornbirn.
On 7 January 2022, Omerovic signed with Vaduz in the Swiss Challenge League until June 2024.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1998 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
FK Austria Wien players
FC Dornbirn 1913 players
FC Winterthur players
FC Vaduz players
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Liechtenstein
Expatriate footballers in Liechtenstein
Austrian Regionalliga players
2. Liga (Austria) players
Swiss Challenge League players
Austrian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Jerzy Adam Kraska (born 24 December 1951, in Płock) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a defender.
On the national level they played for Poland national team (13 matches) and was a participant at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where their team won the gold medal.
References
External links
Polish Olympic Committee website
1951 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Płock
Association football defenders
Polish footballers
Poland international footballers
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Poland
Olympic footballers of Poland
Polish football managers
Polonia Warsaw managers
Olympic medalists in football
Gwardia Warsaw players
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Kuopion Palloseura players
The 1982 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 32nd season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Ramtha won its second title.
Teams
Map
Overview
Al-Ramtha won the championship.
League final standings
Promoted: Al-Nasr and Al-Balqa
References
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Clandestinos is a 1987 Cuban film directed by Fernando Pérez. The film chronicles the last days of the revolutionary struggle against Fulgencio Batista in Cuba as seen via the romance between two clandestine fighters who work on an underground printing press used to print subversive pamphlets against the government.
Cast
Luis Alberto García
Isabel Santos
Amado del Pino
Susana Pérez
Awards
- Best Actress (Isabel Santos) - Havana Film Festival.
See also
List of Cuban films
External links
1987 films
Cuban drama films
Films set in Cuba
1980s Spanish-language films
Befalsskolen for Infanteriet i Sør-Norge (BSIS) () was a Norwegian infantry officer training school, in operation between 1945 and 1994.
History
BSIS was established by royal resolution in the autumn of 1945 to serve as the new infantry officer training school in the south of Norway. The new government formed by Einar Gerhardsen on 25 June 1945 had immediately initiated a comprehensive review of Norway's military capability after the end of hostilities with Germany on 8 May 1945. BSIS was established in order to complement Befalsskolen for Infanteriet i Trøndelag (BSIT), established 1804, and Befalsskolen for Infanteriet i Nord-Norge (BSIN), established in 1899, and would form the new backbone of army officer training in southern Norway.
The school was located at Heistadmoen infantry base outside Kongsberg, which had been the home of Telemark Infantry Regiment since 1909 and had been expanded by the German occupation forces during the war years between 1940 and 1945. The landscape around Heistadmoen was ideal for infantry training with large surrounding forests and hilly terrain. The inland climate at Heistadmoen, ranging from -30 °C in winter to 30 °C in summer, was also ideal for infantry training in harsh weather conditions.
During the 1950s and 1960s BSIS grew to become the largest officer training facility in Norway. A large weapons testing and training area was built in the Hengsvatn region near the base which was also used by other branches of the armed forces. The school educated approximately 12,700 sergeants for service in the army between establishment in 1945 and disbandment in 1994.
Heistadmoen after BSIS
BSIS was disbanded in June 1994 in connection with Heistadmoen infantry base becoming the training base of Norway's contingent in NATO's Immediate Reaction Force (IRF). In August 2001, Telemark Infantry Battalion was moved to Rena base in Hedmark, which was also home of the cavalry and airborne forces in the south of Norway. In January 2003, Telemark Infantry Regiment was disbanded having existed at various locations since the formation of the Norwegian army in 1628 and at Heistadmoen since 1909.
Heistadmoen is today under administration by the Norwegian Home Guard and activity is much reduced from the 1990s with part of the base area redeveloped for civilian use.
Literature
Sigurd Friis og Magnar Saltnes: Befalsskolen for Infanteriet, 2003
References
Nasjonale Festningsverk
Riksarkivet og Statsarkivene
Military training facilities
Military of Norway
Educational institutions established in 1945
1945 establishments in Norway
1994 disestablishments in Norway
Buildings and structures in Buskerud
Military education and training in Norway
The 2013 FIBA Asia Under-18 3x3 Championship for Boys and Girls is the first edition of the FIBA Asia's 3x3 championship for boys and girls under the age of 18. The games were held at Bangkok, Thailand from 22 May to 24 May 2013. The Philippines and Taiwan clinched the inaugural FIBA Asia 3x3 Under-18 Championship for Boys and Girls, respectively.
Boys
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout round
Girls
Preliminary round
Group A
Knockout round
External links
Results (Archived)
2013
International basketball competitions hosted by Thailand
2012–13 in Asian basketball
2012–13 in Thai basketball
2013 in 3x3 basketball
Maṣnaʿat Māriya (), is the name of an ancient South Arabian location in Dhamar Governorate, Yemen.
This ancient Himyarite archaeological site is one of the largest in the Yemen. In the local language the name means the fortress of Māriya. The meaning of the word is disputed. The site lies 11 km west of the town of Dhamar. It is important as a large escarpment site partly of late pre-Islamic date. Inside one of the four city gates there is a text written in Sabaic, describes the roads in the area.
External links
CSAI Catalog Entry
See also
Zafar, Yemen
Himyarite Kingdom
Rulers of Sheba and Himyar
Ancient history of Yemen
References
Krista Lewis, Space and the Spice of Life: Food, Landscape, and Politics in Ancient Yemen, unpub. Dissertation, Univ. Chicago 2005.
Paul Yule, Late Ḥimyarite Vulture Reliefs, in: eds. W. Arnold, M. Jursa, W. Müller, S. Procházka, Philologisches und Historisches zwischen Anatolien und Sokotra, Analecta Semitica In Memorium Alexander Sima (Wiesbaden 2009), 447–455,
Archaeological sites in Yemen
Archaeological cultures of the Near East
Former populated places in Southwest Asia
('Historical Journal for Finland') is a Swedish-language Finnish history journal which has been published by the ('Historical society') since 1916. It was founded in 1916 by , who had founded the ('Swedish students' historical society', which later became ) two years earlier. They served as the journal's editor until 1924. With support for translation from the Delegation for the Promotion of Swedish Literature, managed by the Society of Swedish Literature in Finland, the journal is now also a forum for Finnish-speaking historians. The journal is published four times a year and has approximately 550 subscribers, primarily from Finland, the Nordic countries, and the Baltic region. Each paper is reviewed by two external referees.
is available on the Federation of Finnish Learned Societies' website as an Open Access publication () as of the 1990 issues. New editions are published on HTF DIGITALT with a one-year delay.
Editors-in-chief
1916–1924
1925–1969
1970–1981 Jarl Gallén
1982–2000 Max Engman
2001–2016 Lars-Folke Landgrén
2017– Jennica Thylin-Klaus
References
External links
History of Finland
Swedish-language journals
Quarterly journals
Delayed open access journals
European history journals
The 1820 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on March 14, 1820.
Incumbent Democratic-Republican Governor Samuel Bell won re-election to a second term.
General election
Major candidates
Samuel Bell, Democratic-Republican, incumbent Governor
Minor candidates
The following candidates may not have been formally nominated and attracted only scattering votes.
William Hale, Federalist, former U.S. Representative
Jeremiah Mason, Federalist, former U.S. Senator, Federalist nominee for Governor in 1818
David L. Morril, Democratic-Republican, incumbent U.S. Senator
George B. Upham, Federalist, former U.S. Representative, former Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
Results
References
Notes
1820
New Hampshire
Gubernatorial
Hugo the Abominable Snowman is a character in the Looney Tunes franchise.
Personality
Hugo is a large, rather naive, and easily fooled abominable snowman who really likes bunny rabbits. They like to name their pets "George" and tried on two occasions to make Bugs Bunny their pet. They seem to be an actual snowman, as they melted when exposed to the sun too long. Their character is a takeoff on Lennie Small from Of Mice and Men. "George" refers to Lennie's friend George Milton.
History
Hugo first appears in the episode The Abominable Snow Rabbit when Bugs and Daffy Duck run into them after accidentally traveling to the Himalayas. When Bugs later brings Hugo to Palm Springs, Hugo cuddles Daffy again while sweating which ends with Hugo melting.
In Spaced Out Bunny, it was shown that they were captured by Marvin the Martian and brought to Mars where Marvin attempted to give Bugs to them as a pet. With help from Bugs, Hugo turned against Marvin the Martian and placed them in their wristwatch. Hugo then tossed the spaceship that Marvin brought Bugs in towards Earth like a frisbee in order for Bugs to get back to Earth.
Later appearances
Hugo made brief appearances in Tiny Toon Adventures, voiced by Joe Alaskey.
Hugo appears in The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries episode "Yodel Recall", voiced by Jim Cummings.
Hugo appeared in Tweety's High-Flying Adventure, voiced by Frank Welker. They had a different colour scheme here instead of their usual white and was also shown to like cats as well as rabbits as they hinder Sylvester's attempt to catch Tweety.
Hugo appeared in Looney Tunes: Acme Arsenal.
Hugo was also a boss enemy in Porky Pig's Haunted Holiday. They appear at the end of The Alps where Porky Pig has to damage them by jumping on their head once they bend over to throw a snowball at Porky. Once he's defeated, they fall asleep. Hugo is credited as Monster Max in the credits.
Hugo appears in The Looney Tunes Show, voiced by John DiMaggio. In "It's a Handbag", their picture is seen in a police notebook. In "Ridiculous Journey", Sylvester, Tweety, and Taz run into Hugo the Abominable Snowman who was running from Blacque Jacque Shellacque. Hugo tells the three of them to take the train tracks south while they head north.
References
Fictional monsters
Film characters introduced in 1961
Male characters in animation
Looney Tunes characters
Yeti in fiction
Arthur Baker–Clack was an Australian-born painter in the impressionist school. They were at the art colony at Étaples, Pas-de-Calais, Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France from 1910, and continued to live in the region during World War I and after.
Career
They were a tutor at Conmurra Station, Kingston SE, South Australia.
They were a journalist at The Register before moving to the Perth Morning Herald covering the Western Australian goldfields.
They exhibited in Paris, London and Australia and was a jury member for the Salon d'Automne and of the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts. They were also chairperson of the Folkestone Art Society.
Personal
They lived in Étaples with their wife, Edith, however their house was destroyed during World War I. After the war they built a residence at Etaples, 'Bendlebi'. Edith had been their nurse during a period of illness.
Education
Mr. James Ashton's Art Academy, in Adelaide and at Way College, Wayville, South Australia (1899–1900)
They also trained in London and Paris and with Rupert Bunny at Étaples.
References
1877 births
1955 deaths
Australian Impressionist painters
Australian expatriates in France
Biju Patnaik Airport , also known as Bhubaneswar Airport, is an international airport serving Bhubaneswar, the capital city of Odisha. It is situated around south-west from Bhubaneswar railway station and from the city center. Named after the former chief minister of Odisha, Biju Patnaik, a famed aviator and freedom fighter, it is the 16th busiest airport in India and 11th busiest among the airports maintained by Airports Authority of India, registering an 11.7% fall in traffic over the previous year.
History
The airport was dedicated to the people of Odisha on 17 April 1962, becoming the first ever commercial airport in the state. The airport boasts two active scheduled passenger terminals i.e. Terminals 1 and 2 for domestic and international passengers respectively. Former Minister of Civil Aviation, Ajit Singh, on 5 March 2013, inaugurated Terminal 1 which caters to domestic passengers whereas Terminal 2 was then refurbished to handle international operations. The Government of India accorded international status to the airport on 30 October 2013.
Terminals
Biju Patnaik Airport serves as one of the major civil aviation hubs in Eastern India. The airport boasts two active scheduled passenger terminals i.e. Terminals 1 and 2 for domestic and international passengers respectively.
Terminal 1
Inaugurated in March 2013, the terminal has a capacity of 4 million passengers per annum and was built at a cost of 1.45 billion by Lanco Infratech.
The new terminal has been developed by the AAI as part of the upgrade of 35 non-metro airports across the country. Terminal T1, a two-storied building with a total area of , consists of 4 aerobridges, 4 elevators, several escalators, 18 check-in counters, 3 arrival luggage conveyors, a spa, and multiple seating areas. Apart from the Departure and Arrival Lounges, T1 terminal also has several other lounges, including VIP Lounges, Pal Heights Spa Lounge, Dakota Lounge and Mayfair Lounge. The terminal is environment-friendly, built according to green building standards, with sewage treatment plants and provision for rain water harvesting. The internal walls of the terminal are decorated with tribal motifs, designs, masks, and sculptures derived from Odisha's culture. The new terminal also has food kiosks, gift shops, bookstores, art galleries and handloom/handicraft kiosks.
Terminal 2
Terminal 2 handles international operations to and from the airport. It was built in the mid-1960s to cater domestic flights. The terminal being built over an area of , consists of 6 check-in counters, 10 immigration counters, 4 customs counters, numerous amenities and multiple seating areas. A link building connecting Terminal 1 and 2 is being constructed with a budget of 872 million. It will be mostly used
for international arrivals.
Terminal 3
Terminal 3, is a proposed international passenger terminal, to be set up at a cost of 9.13 billion with a total area of . The terminal would handle 8 million passengers per annum, expanding Biju Patnaik Airport's capacity to 11.5 million from 3.5 million passengers per annum. The construction work for the terminal is poised to begin in July 2019, with a given construction duration of three years. This terminal, once completed, it will make the airport an international airport, and would handle only international passengers, and the existing terminals 1 and 2 would then cater only domestic passengers. Terminal 2 will be used for both domestic and international arrivals.
Coast Guard Air Enclave
The Coast Guard Air Enclave along with the 743 Dornier Squadron was commissioned by former Vice-Admiral Anurag G Thapliyal, Director General of the Indian Coast Guard in Biju Patnaik International Airport on 15 December 2014.
The units operate under the operational and administrative control of the Commander of the Coast Guard Region (North East) through the Commander, Coast Guard District No 7 (Odisha). Several strategic air operations are streamlined and synergised for the protection of the sea areas off the Coastal Odisha.
Airlines and destinations
Statistics
See also
Airports in India
List of the busiest airports in India by passenger traffic
Air Odisha
References
External links
Biju Patnaik International Airport at Airports Authority of India
Buildings and structures in Bhubaneswar
Airports in Odisha
Transport in Bhubaneswar
Memorials to Biju Patnaik
1962 establishments in Orissa
Airports established in 1962
Edinburgh International Climbing Arena (EICA:Ratho, formerly the Ratho Adventure Centre) is an adventure sports facility located in Ratho, near Edinburgh, Scotland. Built in a disused quarry, it is one of the largest indoor climbing walls in the world.
It was purchased by the City of Edinburgh Council and fully reopened in May 2007 after a further programme of works costing around . The centre is now used by both recreational climbers and for competitions, and is also home to the Scottish National Judo Academy.
History
Originally used for supplying stone to the Central Belt of Scotland due to its proximity to the Union Canal, the quarry expanded from around a third of its present size in 1853 to the current outline in 1895. Edinburgh climbers Rab Anderson, Duncan McCallum and architect David Taylor formed the Ratho Quarry Company, and purchased the quarry in 1995 as the site for the climbing centre. The quarry, which had been unused for around ninety years, was filled with compacted rubble and heavily overgrown with trees and shrubs, making assessment of the site difficult until significant work had been carried out, but the assumption that the floor of the quarry was flat proved to be correct. Plans unveiled in late 2001 showed the estimated cost to be , with funding of to come from a Sportscotland lottery fund grant.
The climbing centre is located in the smaller of two lobes of a figure of eight that make up the quarry. After of rubble was removed, the quarry was shown to have a broadly level floor and be almost deep. During construction in April 2002, the partially completed roof was ripped off in a storm.
When it opened in December 2003, the centre was the largest indoor climbing arena in the world, but problems during construction increased the final cost to . In March 2004 the centre went into receivership due to a leaky roof, poor management, and a lack of money, leaving a number of contractors unpaid. It was purchased by the City of Edinburgh Council in October 2005 for , and then closed in August 2006 to allow full completion of the venue.
It reopened on 25 May 2007, under the management of Edinburgh Leisure, a non-profit organisation which provides sport and leisure facilities on behalf of the City of Edinburgh Council. was spent overhauling the roof, the plumbing, improving the car park and converting an unopened scuba diving tank into a dedicated bouldering room. Under new management, more emphasis was placed on making the centre accessible to families and visitors as well as experienced climbers. The roof, consisting of of tensioned fabric, was replaced at the end of 2013 at a cost of around .
Climbing
There are over 15,000 bolt-on holds in the centre, with 300 routes ranging in difficulty from grades 2 to 8b. There are a variety of lead and top rope walls at the centre ranging from 6 to 28 metres. As well as a trio of boulders in the centre of the main hall, there is a dedicated bouldering room, with routes ranging in difficulty from V0 to V15.
The only official world record International Federation of Sport Climbing speed climbing walls has two identical speed routes allow speed climbing competitions to be conducted head to head, and there is an articulated competition wall known as "The Hanger" that can be raised or lowered to change the angle of overhang.
The larger "lobe" of the quarry is also used for outdoor climbing, although some of the rock is described as "loose and scary". Formed from dolerite, there are around 65 known routes.
Services and facilities
The centre contains one of the world's largest indoor climbing arenas, as well as bouldering facilities, the only official IFSC World Record Speed wall in the UK, and, Scotland's only Clipnclimb.
There is a cafe overlooking the main arena as well as smaller cafe on the ground floor. The centre has a fully equipped gym. Other classes are held in the Fitness Studio.
The centre also has a softplay with a café called Scrambles for children aged around 0-7 and additionally, the largest café/play area in Edinburgh, Rocktots. The centre also houses Scottish National Judo Academy, and Canoe Scotland's Sprint Performance programme.
Events
Competitions
EICA hosted the UIAA-ICC Boulder & Lead World Cup in December 2003. And the IFSC World Cup Lead and Speed in September 2017 and will host the IFSC European Championship (Lead and Speed) in October 2019.
The centre also hosted the IFSC World Youth Championship in 2004 and 2010, The European Youth Championships in 2015, the EuropeanYouth Cup 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.
At a national level the British Lead Climbing Championships, the Youth Climbing Series Grand Final have been held alternately at the centre since 2008.
Theatre
In the Edinburgh International Festival 2013, Leaving Planet Earth used the centre as the stage.
Politics
On 20 April 2015 the Scottish National Party held their manifesto launch for the 2015 general election in the main climbing arena.
References
External links
2003 establishments in Scotland
Climbing areas of Scotland
Sports venues in Edinburgh
Indoor climbing
Trevor Blackwell (born 4 November 1969, in Canada) is a computer programmer, engineer and entrepreneur based in Silicon Valley.
Blackwell is a developer of humanoid robots. Dr. Blackwell is the founder and former CEO of Anybots and a partner at Y Combinator.
Life and career
Blackwell grew up in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. Blackwell studied engineering at Carleton University and received a Bachelor of Engineering in 1992, then studied Computer Science at Harvard University and received a PhD in 1998. Their dissertation applied randomized methods to analyzing the performance of networks and compilers.
During graduate school Blackwell joined Viaweb for which they wrote the image rendering, order processing and statistics software. The company was acquired by Yahoo in 1998, and Blackwell moved to Silicon Valley to lead the Yahoo Store development group.
They founded Anybots in 2001 to build teleoperated humanoid robots. In 2006, Anybots announced a humanoid robot that walks and balances like people do, without depending on large feet for stability.
As side projects, they have built two other balancing vehicles: a two-wheeled balancing scooter similar to the Segway but with different steering, and the self-balancing Eunicycle. Several hobbyists have built vehicles based on the open design of the machine.
They co-founded Y Combinator in 2005.
References
External links
Biography
Dexter Walks
The Robots Among Us
1969 births
Canadian computer programmers
Harvard University alumni
Carleton University alumni
Living people
Canadian roboticists
Canadian computer scientists
American technology company founders
Canadian company founders
Canadian chief executives
People from Saskatoon
Businesspeople from Saskatchewan
Canadian engineers
Yahoo! employees
American roboticists
Y Combinator people
Grevillea scabra, commonly known as the rough-leaved grevillea, is a shrub of the genus Grevillea native to an area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.<ref name=FB>{{FloraBase|name=Grevillea scabra|id=2089}}</ref>
Description
The shrub typically grows to a height of and has non-glaucous branchlets. It has simple leaves with a blade that is long and wide. It blooms in October and produces a terminal raceme irregular inflorescence with white or cream flowers and white or cream styles. Later it forms a simple oblique or ellipsoidal hairy fruit that is long.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanist Carl Meissner in 1845 as a part of the Johann Georg Christian Lehmann work Plantae Preissianae. The only synonym is Hakea scabra'' (Meisn.) Christenh. & Byng.
Distribution
The species is found as far north as Bolgart and extends south to the east of Beverley in the Wandoo National Park. It is usually found growing in soils containing laterite.
See also
List of Grevillea species
References
scabra
Endemic flora of Western Australia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Proteales of Australia
Taxa named by Carl Meissner
Plants described in 1845
Jeffery Jones (born February 8, 1958) is the former Mayor of Paterson, the third largest city in New Jersey. They served from 2010 to 2014. The Paterson City Council censured Mayor Jeffery Jones for refusing to testify about why they and top salaried officials received nearly $51,000 in overtime following Hurricane Irene.
References
1958 births
Living people
Mayors of Paterson, New Jersey
New Jersey Democrats
African-American mayors in New Jersey
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Yusufkuyusu is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
The Battle of Glenlivet was a Scottish clan battle fought on 3 October 1594 near Glenlivet, Moray, Scotland. It was fought between Protestant forces loyal to King James VI of Scotland who were commanded by Archibald Campbell, 7th Earl of Argyll, against Catholic forces who were commanded by George Gordon, 6th Earl of Huntly, and Francis Hay, 9th Earl of Erroll. The Catholics won a decisive victory in the battle, but in the aftermath were subdued by King James.
Background
For two centuries from the mid-15th century the Clan Gordon and Clan Campbell controlled the north-east and west of Scotland respectively, as the magnates who straddled the divide between the Scottish Highlands and Scottish Lowlands. James VI of Scotland had been unsure whether to support Catholics or Protestants. This was because the Catholics were still numerous and in particular among the nobility of the north. In 1593 they had sent a secret mission to the Pope with the idea of returning Scotland to the allegiance of Rome. However, in 1594 they once again changed their mind and decided that laws against Catholics would be enforced. Between 1588 and 1595, the northern earls of Huntly, Errol, and Angus, who were all Catholics, made overtures to Philip II of Spain, in revolt against James VI of Scotland. When James discovered this potentially treasonable correspondence with Spain they marched north and sent an advance force under Archibald Campbell, 7th Earl of Argyll, who was still a teenager, to oppose the rebel army under George Gordon, then the 6th Earl of Huntly, and Francis Hay, 9th Earl of Errol. The King's army was sent to Gordon country which was the stronghold of the Catholic side.
The Earl of Argyll, aged just 19 years, had with them a force of about 12,000 men. They entered into Badenoch and laid siege to Ruthven Castle on 27 September 1594. In Argyll's army was the Earl of Atholl, Lachlan Mor Maclean, chief of Clan Maclean, the Chief of Clan Mackintosh, the Laird of Grant, the Clan Gregor, MacNeil of Barra, together with the whole of Clan Campbell. Ruthven Castle was well defended by the Clan Macpherson who were vassals of the Earl of Huntly and so the Earl of Argyll had to give up the siege. Following this Argyll marched through Strathspey and on 2 October encamped at Druminnor Castle. From there Argyll sent orders for Lord Forbes, Clan Fraser of Lovat, Clan Dunbar, Clan Mackenzie, Clan Irvine, Clan Ogilvy, and the Clan Leslie to join him.
The Earls on the opposing side knew that Argyll was a youth with no military experience, whose army was made up of raw and undisciplined militia and which also included a great number of Catholics.
As Argyll approached, the Earl of Errol with 100 selected horsemen joined the Earl of Huntly at Strathbogie. Huntly's force now amounted to nearly 1,500 men, mostly horsemen, and from there they advanced to Carnborrow where the two Earls and their followers made the vow to conquer or die. They then marched to Auchindoun arriving the same day. Huntly received intelligence that Argyll was about to descend from the mountains to the lowlands and sent Captain Thomas Carr and a party of horsemen to carry out reconnaissance. They accidentally met Argyll's scouts who they chased and some of whom they killed. Huntly then resolved to attack Argyll before they were joined by the Lord Forbes and the forces which were waiting for their appearance in the lowlands.
Argyll passed Glenlivet and reached the banks of a small stream named Alltacoileachan, but they had no idea that Huntly and Errol would attack them with such an inferior force and was therefore astonished to see them approach him. They were apprehensive that Huntly's cavalry would counterbalance their numerical superiority of foot soldiers and so held a council of war to decide if they should attack or retreat to the mountains which were inaccessible to Huntly's horse, and where they could wait until the lowland forces, which were mainly cavalry, would arrive to support him. The council advised Argyll to wait for the King to arrive with their forces to support him, or at least until the Frasers and Mackenizes had arrived from the north, or the Irvines, Forbeses, and Leslies from the south. However, Argyll disregarded this decision and was determined to wait for the attack from the enemy and encouraged their men by pointing out how small their enemy was.
The battle
Argyll positioned their army in two divisions on a hill between Glenlivet and Glenrinnes. On the right wing were the Macleans and Mackintoshes, commanded by Lachlan Maclean and Mackintosh of Mackintosh. On the left wing were the Grants, MacNeils, and MacGregors who were commanded by Grant of Gartinbeg. In the centre were the Campbells who were commanded by Campbell of Auchinbreck. This vanguard consisted of 4,000 men, half of whom carried muskets. The rear of the army was commanded by Argyll themselves and consisted of about 6,000 men.
Huntly's vanguard consisted of 300 men who were led by Errol, Sir Patrick Gordon of Auchindoun, the Gordon Laird of Gight, the Laird of Bonnitoun, and Captain Thomas Carr. Huntly followed with the remainder with the Macpherson Laird of Cluny on their right and the Gordon Laird of Abergeldy on their left. Huntly also had three pieces of field artillery under the command of Captain Andrew Gray.
Argyll had the advantage of being on a hill and Huntly's forces were further hampered by the moss on the ground and the turf pits that had been dug. However, Huntly still advanced up the hill. They had made arrangements with Campbell of Lochnell who had agreed to join Huntly's side as soon as the battle commenced, before the charge of Huntly's cavalry. Campbell of Lochnell was at enmity with Argyll who had murdered their brother in 1592 and they were also Argyll's nearest heir. However, Campbell of Lochnell was shot dead by the first cannon fire and their men then fled from the field. Argyll's Highlanders had never seen field pieces before and were thrown into disorder and Huntly followed this up by charging at them with their cavalry. Errol was directed to attack the right wing of Argyll's army that was commanded by Maclean. However, this wing was at the top of a steep hill and Errol was annoyed by the thick vollies of shot from above, and so had to make a detour leaving the enemy on their left. Gordon of Auchindoun charged up this steep hill with a small party to attack Maclean, but they were killed doing so. Maclean received repeated assaults but maneuvered their men so well that they succeeded in cutting off Errol from Huntly. However, Huntly came to Errol's assistance and relieved him.
The battle continued for two hours. Huntly's horse was shot from underneath them but they were immediately provided with another one. The main body of Argyll's army began to give way and retreat. However, Maclean continued in the field until finding the contest hopeless and also made their retreat. The success of Huntly was mainly due to Campbell of Lochnell's treachery of Argyll and also that of Grant of Gartinbeg who retreated as soon as the action began and was in fact one of Huntly's vassals. This had left the centre and left wing of Argyll's army completely broken.
Argyll's army suffered 500 men killed, including MacNeil of Barra, Campbell of Lochnell, and Campbell of Auchinbreck. Huntly's losses were relatively small: fourteen gentlemen were slain including Patrick Gordon of Auchindoun and the Gordon Laird of Gight. The Earl of Errol and a number of others were wounded.
Although a battle fought at national level, Glenlivet also incorporated the feud between the Clan Cameron and Clan Mackintosh. Alexander Mackenzie states that Allan Cameron of Lochiel "at the head of a few of their clan, they performed signal service against their old enemies, the Mackintoshes, whom they defeated, and pursued with great eagerness, and did Huntly such services as merited a different reward from that which they afterwards received".
The location of the battlefield is approximately east of Glenlivet. The site of the battle is currently under research, to be inventoried and protected by Historic Scotland under the Scottish Historical Environment Policy of 2009.
Aftermath
The day following the battle, 4 October 1594, Huntly and Errol realised that they had no outside support. They assembled with their adherents in Elgin Cathedral where they held the last public celebration of Mass to be held in the cathedral. There they discussed the situation and Huntly's uncle, who was a Jesuit priest implored their friends and kinsman to remain in their own land. However, King James gathered a considerable force and marched into the disturbed districts with none of the rebel nobles offering resistance to the royal army. A general amnesty followed the leaders' submission, who deserted their men and fled abroad. In early 1595, Errol embarked at Peterhead and Huntly at Aberdeen, for the Continent. As the king headed north they arranged for the houses of Sir John Ogilvie, son of Lord Ogilvie, Sir Walter Lindsay, Old Slains Castle that belonged to Errol and Strathbogie Castle that belonged to Huntly to be razed to the ground, on the pretext that Jesuits and priests had been harboured in them. Huntly spent sixteen months travelling through Germany and Flanders after which they were recalled to Scotland where along with Errol and Angus were restored to their former honours by the Parliament held at Edinburgh in November, 1597. Two years later the king elevated the Earl of Huntly to be Marquess of Huntly.
John Maclean, a chieftain of the Macleans was mortally wounded but requested to be buried at the nearby Chapel of Downan, which had apparently been destroyed by Argyll's troops before the battle and then later rebuilt.
Between 1591 and 1594 the peace in Scotland had been disturbed on several occasions caused by the activities of Francis Stewart, 5th Earl of Bothwell, who was a nephew of the third husband of Mary, Queen of Scots, James Hepburn, 4th Earl of Bothwell. This had resulted in the serious revolt of the Catholic dissidents in the north-east. However, with the death of John Maxwell, 8th Lord Maxwell, who was a staunch Catholic, at the Battle of Dryfe Sands in 1593 and the fall of the northern Earls after the Battle of Glenlivet in 1594, the Catholic cause was destroyed.
Music connected with the battle
The Battle of Glenlivet in 1594 was the last time that the Highland harp was used on the battlefield, finally being discontinued in the Scottish Highlands in about 1734, leaving the Great Highland bagpipe as the instrument of Scottish martial music. A ballad called "The Battell of Balrinnes" which was written by Patrick Hannay (died c. 1630) was based on the Battle of Glenlivet and in particular Andrew Gray who commanded Huntly's artillery. Another ballad, called "Bonnie James Campbell" may have been a lament for a man killed in the battle. The oldest known copy of the ballad is in a manuscript held in the Advocates Library in Edinburgh, but its precise age is not known. Several different versions and interpretations of the ballad have since been published. The original manuscript version is as follows:
Archaeology
A group of standing stones near to the site of the battle are said to have an association with the Battle of Glenlivet, although it is not known when the stones were set.
References
External links
1594 in Scotland
Glenlivet
Conflicts in 1594
Glenlivet
Selina Catherine Stow (1870-18 August 1956) was a British botanist and the first female President of the Lincolnshire Naturalists' Union.
Biography
Stow was born in Much Wenlock, Shropshire. Them father, T. Stow, was a naturalist. Them primary interest was in botany and they regularly undertook fieldwork recording plants. In 1903 they recorded the grass Vulpia unilateralis as new Britain. They worked with fellow botanists W.W. Mason, A. Bennet, J. Britten, W.H. Beeby, F.A. Lees, and Canon Fowler in contributing to the first Checklist of Lincolnshire Plants, published in 1909 by E. A. Woodruffe-Peacock.
In 1914 they were elected as the first female President of the Lincolnshire Naturalists' Union; The Rev. Adrian Woodruffe-Peacock, a fellow naturalist, wrote a biography of Catherine Stow's presidency in 1919 and noted that they were probably the first female President of any society of naturalists in Britain. Them Presidential address was on the subject of plant galls.
After the outbreak of the First World War, Stow served with the Voluntary Aid Detachment providing nursing care at Grantham.
Publications
Stow, C.S. 1913. "Lincolnshire Galled Plants", Transactions of the Lincolnshire Naturalist's Union for 1912-1915, 32–33.
Stow, C.S. 1915. "Presidential Address to the Lincolnshire Naturalists' Union for 1914", Transactions of the Lincolnshire Naturalist's Union for 1912-1915, 153–164.
References
1870 births
1956 deaths
Members of the Lincolnshire Naturalists' Union
British women botanists
People from Much Wenlock
People from Grantham
British women nurses
Wild Justice is a reality television series which followed the activities and exploits of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife game wardens, from 2010 to 2013, as they investigate crimes ranging from poaching to illicit marijuana cultivation. The series was produced by the National Geographic Channel and aired for a total of four seasons.
The premier of Wild Justice was the highest rated show in National Geographic's history, according to executive producer Phil Segal. The series premiere of Wild Justice set a National Geographic record with 3.2 million viewers.
The show was criticized for exaggerating and embellishing investigations that resulted in citations to look good for television. One informant, who gave the Game Wardens information about poachers in Glenn County, was assaulted by masked poachers after their identity was revealed in an episode of the show.
Wild Justice has spurred two spinoff series: Kentucky Justice and Southern Justice.
References
External links
Wild Justice on NGC
Documentary television series about policing
2010 American television series debuts
2013 American television series endings
2010s American reality television series
National Geographic (American TV channel) original programming
California Department of Fish and Wildlife areas
Timoci Uluivuda Bavadra (22 September 1934 – 3 November 1989) was a Fijian medical doctor who founded the Fiji Labour Party and served as the Prime Minister of Fiji for one month in 1987.
Contesting their first election in 1987, Bavadra forged an electoral coalition between their Labour Party and the much older, Indo-Fijian-dominated National Federation Party. Although much larger, the NFP agreed to play a junior role in the coalition, aware that much of the ethnic Fijian community was not ready to accept an Indo-Fijian Prime Minister; even a government with a significant Indo-Fijian presence was itself bound to stretch the patience of ethnic Fijians.
The election was a stunning upset. The Labour-NFP coalition captured 28 seats, four more than the Alliance Party, thereby ending the twenty-year reign of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, who, first as Chief Minister and subsequently as Prime Minister, had led Fiji since its pre-independence years. Although an ethnic Fijian, Bavadra had been elected mostly with the support of Indo-Fijians. Of the 28 members of their parliamentary caucus, only seven were ethnic Fijians, all of them elected from predominantly Indo-Fijian constituencies, a factor which caused considerable resentment among extremist sections of the Fijian population. Only nine percent of the ethnic Fijian electorate had voted for Bavadra's coalition, but even this was an unprecedented feat – a point that was largely overlooked.
Bavadra was opposed to nuclear testing and had hinted that visits by nuclear-armed warships of the United States Navy might not be welcome. Allegations have been made that the United States either supported or allowed Lieutenant-Colonel Sitiveni Rabuka to stage the coup on 13 May 1987 that brought down Bavadra's government, allegations that Rabuka has never convincingly denied. Unable to reverse the coup, Governor-General Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau formally dismissed Bavadra on 19 May. Bavadra made a tour of Commonwealth capitals, attempting to rally support, but got little more than sympathy. In London in June, Queen Elizabeth, on advice of the Fijian Governor-General, refused to meet him. After a period of negotiations, another coup, and a period of military rule, Ratu Mara again took office as Prime Minister on 5 December.
Bavadra died of cancer in 1989.
See also
Air New Zealand Flight 24
Notes
References
1934 births
1989 deaths
Prime Ministers of Fiji
Leaders ousted by a coup
Fijian medical doctors
I-Taukei Fijian members of the House of Representatives (Fiji)
Politicians from Lautoka
20th-century physicians
Olesya Mashina is a former Russian football midfielder, who played for Rossiyanka in the Russian Championship. They have also played the Champions League with Energiya Voronezh. A member of the Russian national team since 2011, as a junior international they won the 2005 U-19 European Championship.
References
1987 births
Living people
Russian women's footballers
Russia women's international footballers
SKA Rostov-on-Don (women) players
Ryazan-VDV players
FC Energy Voronezh players
WFC Rossiyanka players
Women's association football defenders
Women's association football midfielders
The Battle of Witpoort was a battle during the Second Anglo-Boer War. Major Frederick Henry Munn commanded the detachment of the Royal Irish Fusiliers at Witpoort which was attacked on 16 July 1900, their orders being to "hold their position at all costs". The Boers called on Major Munn to surrender, but, scornfully refusing, they held out from daybreak till 2 pm, when the Canadian forces mounted a counterattack and the Boers retired. The battle became famous because of the death of Harold Lothrop Borden.
Context
The Second Boer War was fought from 11 October 1899 until 31 May 1902 between the British Empire and the Afrikaans-speaking Dutch settlers of two independent Boer republics, the South African Republic (Transvaal Republic) and the Orange Free State. It ended with a British victory and the annexation of both republics by the British Empire; both would eventually be incorporated into the Union of South Africa, a dominion of the British Empire, in 1910.
In the Battle of Witpoort, British commander Edward Hutton had four companies of the Royal Irish Fusiliers, the 1st Mounted Infantry, which was made up of the 1st and 2nd Canadians (who had arrived in camp on 15 July), as well as the Australians of the Queensland Mounted Infantry. Under the command of Major Munn were three companies of the Royal Irish Fusiliers (or four, according to 'G' Troop) and 60 troopers of the New Zealand Mounted Rifles were placed on the three hills straddling the Witpoort Pass, The British officers were charged by South African Republic General Ben Viljoen and renowned Boer fighter Roland Schikkerling.
Battle
South African Republic General Ben Viljoen had positioned their troops for attack during the night of 15 July and then launched a three-pronged assault on Major Munn and the Irish positions at daybreak. Viljoen ordered a 'general storming of the British's entrenchments'. The battle opened at 06.45 with heavy shelling on Major Munn's troops. Renowned Boer fighter Roland Schikkerling and their comrades went to the north of the New Zealanders' ridge and then charged under heavy rifle fire. The New Zealanders surrendered one of the three hills they occupied, the Boers were in possession of the higher hill which commanded the lower middle hill. Schikkerling captured a captain and twenty New Zealanders and some continued right over the ridge and captured a number of horses. (Boer Willem Morkel du Toit died in the charge.)
The Canadians mounted a counter-attack. Colonel Edwin Alderson sent two squadrons of the Canadians to assist 'the Irish on the kopje which had been vacated by the New Zealanders' and, with the fire from the guns, the position was regained. Lieutenants Borden and John Edgar Burch of 'B' Squadron led a counter-attack. They were successful, but at the cost of their lives. Boer marksmen less than 200 yards distant shot them as they stood up to lead the rifles forward. Lord Roberts reported to the War Office that Borden and Burch "were killed while gallantly leading their men in a counter attack upon the enemy's flank at a critical juncture of their assault upon our position."
At 14.00, British officer Edward Hutton moved all of their available troops onto the desperately regained positions and, by sundown, the battle of Witpoort had ended. Their losses were seven killed, with 30 wounded. Two officers and 22 soldiers had been taken prisoner. The Canadian losses were heavy and included Lt Borden, the son of the Canadian Minister of Defence.  They are buried at the Braamfontein Cemetery, not far from the grave of Willem Morkel du Toit.
Another famous Canadian casualty was Trooper Lorne Mulloy who was blinded in both eyes and awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal.
Legacy
There are very few battlefields of the Anglo-Boer War which present such well preserved traces as does Witpoort with its 51 small two and four man stone breastworks (sangars) built by the New Zealanders. The long line of stone shelters makes it possible for one to stand there and visualise the mad charge made by renowned Boer fighter Roland Schikkerling and their fellow Johannesburgers. There Willem Morkel fell. One can also crouch behind the rocky ridge thirty to forty meters below the sangars and then walk over the ground once swept by the New Zealanders' fire. There Schikkerling took theirs prisoners.
On the south of the ridge Colonel Alderson led their Canadians in their counter-attack toward the captured position. Today, this area is a well tended farm and in the north, the level ground over which the Boers charged is now a wattle plantation.
This battle site, with its clearly identifiable sangars, deserves to be declared a Heritage Site under auspices of the new National Heritage Commission.
See also
Bombardment in the Second Boer War
Military history of South Africa
Military history of Nova Scotia
References
Battle of Witpoort by D C Panagos, Military History Society Johannesberg Branch
Harris, H, 'The Royal Irish Fusiliers' in Sir Brian Horrocks (ed), Famous Regiments, (Cooper, London, 1972).
Miller, Carman, Painting the map red, (McGill-Queens University Press, Montreal, 1994).
Footnotes
External links
Image of Monument to British Soldiers who died in Battle of Witpoort
Image of John Burch
Conflicts in 1900
Battles of the Second Boer War
Battles involving Canada
Kimberley, Northern Cape
1900 in South Africa
Military history of Nova Scotia
July 1900 events
Obed Christopher McCoy (born 4 January 1997) is a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines professional cricketer who plays for the West Indies cricket team internationally. They made their international debut for the West Indies cricket team in October 2018.
Domestic and T20 career
They made their List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 25 January 2017. Prior to their List A debut, they were named in the West Indies squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup squads.
They made their Twenty20 debut for St Lucia Stars in the 2017 Caribbean Premier League on 4 August 2017. They made their first-class debut for the Windward Islands in the 2017–18 Regional Four Day Competition on 2 November 2017.
In June 2018, they were named in the Cricket West Indies B Team squad for the inaugural edition of the Global T20 Canada tournament. They were the leading wicket-taker in the tournament for the Cricket West Indies B Team, with eleven dismissals in seven matches. In July 2020, they were named in the St Lucia Zouks squad for the 2020 Caribbean Premier League.
In April 2021, they were signed by Multan Sultans to play in the rescheduled matches in the 2021 Pakistan Super League. In February 2022, they were bought by the Rajasthan Royals in the auction for the 2022 Indian Premier League tournament. In June 2022, in their first match for Sussex, McCoy took their first five-wicket haul in Twenty20 cricket, against Somerset in the 2022 T20 Blast in England.
International career
In October 2018, they were named in the West Indies' One Day International (ODI) squad for series against India. They made their ODI debut for the West Indies against India on 24 October 2018. In March 2019, they were added to the West Indies' Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for the series against England. They made their T20I debut for the West Indies against England on 8 March 2019.
In September 2021, McCoy was named in the West Indies' squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup.
On 1 August 2022, McCoy recorded career best bowling figures of 6-17 against India. These are the best bowling figures by a West Indies player in the T20I format. These are also the best bowling figures for any side against India in the T20I format. Two matches later, on 6 August 2022, McCoy recorded the most expensive bowling figures for a West Indies player in the T20I format with figures of 2-66.
Honours
Indian Premier League runner-up 2022
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
West Indies One Day International cricketers
West Indies Twenty20 International cricketers
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines cricketers
Saint Lucia Kings cricketers
Windward Islands cricketers
Rajasthan Royals cricketers
Sussex cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Thomas Richard Gonsalvez Jozé, known as T. R. G. Jozé (26 September 1853 – 20 March 1924), was an Irish organist, teacher, choral conductor and composer who was mainly associated with the Royal Irish Academy of Music where they taught for about 45 years.
Life
T. R. G. Jozé was born in Dublin into a music loving family of Spanish origin. Their father John Charles was a chemist and amateur musician who in 1861 sent their son to Christ Church school to become a chorister. They were appointed deputy organist there in 1869, followed by appointments at St Paul's Church, Glenageary; Christ Church, Leeson Park; and Booterstown Church. They were also the organist at the Freemasons' Grand Lodge of Ireland on Dawson Street, Dublin.
Besides their activities as an organist, Jozé is mainly remembered today for their long association in a number of functions with the Royal Irish Academy of Music (RIAM) in Dublin. There, they taught the piano (1872–1882), organ (1880–1917), and harmony (1876–1918), conducted the choir (1883–1885) and the orchestra (1891–1915) while also sharing chamber music classes (1892–1899) with Charles Marchant. Their pupils included Annie W. Patterson.
Other choral societies they conducted in Dublin and its suburbs included the Corinthian Club, the Kingstown Philharmonic Society, the Leeson Park Choral Society, the Sackville Hall Choral Society, the Sandymount Choral Union, and the Strollers' Club.
Music
As a composer, Jozé wrote in numerous forms ranging from large-scale cantatas and stage works to choral, chamber and organ music, mostly with a focus on vocal music. In 1873, they received a first prize from the Hibernian Catch Club for their glee Soldier, rest!. Another prize-winning work was the "festival hymn" St Patrick's Breastplate. In 1877, Jozé received a doctorate of music (MusD) from Trinity College Dublin for their cantata The Prophecy of Capys. Although they "did not enjoy huge success as a composer", their large works did have performances, and much of their piano and choral music was published.
Much of Jozé's music fulfilled a contemporary demand for arrangements of Irish traditional melodies for small vocal ensembles, mainly partsongs for four voices. Some of these were set to words by Thomas Moore, Alfred Perceval Graves and George Sigerson. Publishers included Pigott in Dublin and Boosey in London. Pine (1998) described this approach to Irish traditional music as "cursory or ill-informed".
Selected works
Stage works
The Prophecy of Capys (1877), cantata for tenor, choir and orchestra
Les Amourettes (1885), opera
Eileen, or The Ocean Waif (n. d.), operetta
Orchestral
Gavotte and Musette (n. d.)
Grand March (n. d.)
Chamber
Nocturne in G minor (1892), for violin and piano
Five Irish Melodies (1899), for violin/cello and piano (written with R. P. Stewart)
Choral
Sacred
O God, Who Hast Prepared for Them That Love Thee, anthem (published Dublin, 1920)
Praise the Lord, O My Soul, anthem (n. d.)
The Lord Is My Shepherd, anthem for female voices (n. d.)
Te Deum & Benedictus (n. d.)
Hymn to St Cecilia, for female voices, harp, violins and organ (n. d.)
Secular
Arranmore Boat Song (Alfred Perceval Graves), 4-part song (London, 1901)
Battlesong 'The Defence of Dublin (George Sigerson), 4-part song (London, 1901)
Far Away (A Londonderry Air) (G. Sigerson), 4-part song (London, 1901)
The Irish Reel (A. P. Graves), 4-part song (London, 1901)
The Harvest Rose, Irish Air (Patrick Joseph McCall), partsong (London, 1902)
A Lament, Irish Melody (Thomas Moore), partsong (London, 1902)
O'Sullivan Mór, Irish Air (G. Sigerson), partsong (London, 1902)
When Thro' Life Unblest We Rove, Irish Melody (T. Moore) partsong (London, 1902)
After the Battle / Thy Fair Bosom (T. Moore), partsong (London, 1903)
The Capture of Cremona / The Monks of the Screw (G. Sigerson), partsong (London, 1903)
Fly Not Yet / Planxty Kelly (T. Moore), partsong (London, 1903)
Twas One of Those Dreams / The Song of the Woods (T. Moore), partsong (London, 1903)
War Song of Macliag, partsong (London, c1904)
Irish Partsongs and Choruses, arr. (London, 1899–1913)
Songs
The Frost and the Footprints (R. M. Craig) (London, [1876])
In Memoriam (Sir Robert Stewart) (G. Savage Armstrong) (c.1894)
A Sunbeam Messenger (H. Crewe) (London, 1897)
The Fisherman's Widow (n. d.), with violin obblogato
Sleep, My Love, Sleep (n. d.), with cello obbligato
Church hymnals
Chants and Responses (Dublin, 1907), with George William Torrance
The Irish Chant Book (Dublin, 1925), with G. W. Torrance
References
1853 births
1924 deaths
19th-century classical composers
20th-century classical composers
Classical composers of church music
Composers for pipe organ
Irish choral conductors
Irish classical composers
Irish opera composers
Irish organists
Irish people of Spanish descent
Musicians from Dublin (city)
Open Source Media Framework (OSMF) is a free, open-source, development framework for building video experiences on the web and desktop. OSMF is a pure ActionScript 3.0-based framework and is created by Adobe Systems.
OSMF is designed for content publishers, developers, and Adobe Flash platform ecosystem partners—anyone who is incorporating video on their website. OSMF simplifies development by providing out-of-the-box support for multiple media types, including video, audio, images, and SWF files. The extensible plug-in architecture enables additional features from third-party services, such as advertising insertion, rendering, tracking, reporting for analytics, and content delivery network (CDN) authentication.
OSMF supports RTMP and HTTP streaming, progressive download, sequential and parallel compositions of video and other media, and layout in and outside the video player.
See also
Adobe Flash Player
Adobe Media Player
JW Player
References
External links
Strobe Media Playback
Adobe Inc.
Media players
Behavioral Medicine is an interdisciplinary medical journal published by Taylor & Francis, addressing the interactions of the behavioral sciences with other fields of medicine. Before Spring 1988 (Vol. 14, No. 1), the journal's previous title was Journal of Human Stress (ISSN 2374-9741), which was published from March 1975 (Vol. 1) through Winter 1987 (Vol. 13). As of 2020, the editor is Perry N. Halkitis (Rutgers University).
The journal is indexed in: Applied Social Science Index and Abstracts; Behavioral Medicine Abstracts; BIOMED; Current Contents/Clinical Medicine; Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences; EMBASE/Excerpta Medica; Family Resources Database; Health Instrument File; Index Medicus / MEDLINE; International Bibliography of Book Reviews (IBR); International Bibliography of Periodical Literature; National AIDS Information Clearinghouse; NIOSHTIC; Psychological Abstracts / PsycINFO; Research Alert; Scisearch; and Social Sciences Citation Index / Journal Citation Reports.
References
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1975
Taylor & Francis academic journals
English-language journals
Behavioral medicine journals
Anthony Chesley (born May 31, 1995) is an American football cornerback for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Coastal Carolina.
College career
Chesley played college football at Coastal Carolina from 2014 to 2018.
Professional career
Cincinnati Bengals
Chesley signed with the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent on May 10, 2019. They were waived during final roster cuts on August 31, 2019, and signed to the practice squad the next day. They were released on October 24, 2019.
Houston Texans
Chesley signed with the Houston Texans' practice squad on October 29, 2019. They signed a reserve/future contract with the team following the season on January 13, 2020. They were waived during final roster cuts on September 5, 2020, and re-signed to the practice squad two days later. Chesley was elevated to the active roster on December 12, December 19, and December 27 for the team's weeks 14, 15, and 16 games against the Chicago Bears, Indianapolis Colts, and Cincinnati Bengals, and reverted to the practice squad after each game. Their practice squad contract with the team expired after the season on January 11, 2021.
Indianapolis Colts
On January 12, 2021, Chesley signed a reserve/futures contract with the Indianapolis Colts. They were waived on August 31, 2021, and re-signed to the practice squad the next day. They were promoted to the active roster on September 29, 2021. They were waived on November 20 and re-signed to the practice squad. They signed a reserve/future contract on January 10, 2022.
On August 30, 2022, Chesley was waived by the Colts.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
On September 1, 2022, Chesley was signed to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers practice squad.
References
External links
Houston Texans bio
1995 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
People from Temple Hills, Maryland
Players of American football from Maryland
Coastal Carolina Chanticleers football players
Houston Texans players
Indianapolis Colts players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Robert Louis Herbert Fowler, FBA (born 19 May 1954) is a classicist and academic. They were Henry Overton Wills Professor of Greek at the University of Bristol between 1996 and 2017.
Career
Born on 19 May 1954 at Palmerston, Ontario, Robert Louis Herbert Fowler attended the University of Toronto, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1976 and Master of Arts degree the next year. They then completed their doctoral studies at Wadham College, Oxford; their DPhil was awarded in 1980 for their thesis "Aspects of style in early Greek lyric poetry". They were appointed to a post-doctoral fellowship at the Calgary Institute for the Humanities in 1980, and then joined the University of Waterloo as an assistant professor in 1981. They were promoted to associate professor five years later, and chaired the department from 1988 to 1996. They were appointed professor in 1994, before becoming Henry Overton Wills Professor of Greek at the University of Bristol in 1996. They were also Dean of Arts at Bristol from 2004 to 2009, and retired from their professorship in 2017, but remained on the faculty as an emeritus professor.
Awards and honours
In 2015, Fowler was elected a Fellow of the British Academy, the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences.
Selected publications
The Nature of Early Greek Lyric (University of Toronto Press, 1987).
Early Greek Mythography, 2 vols. (Oxford University Press, 2000, 2013).
(Editor) The Cambridge Companion to Homer (Cambridge University Press, 2004).
Pindar and the Sublime. Greek Myth, Reception, and Lyric Experience (Bloomsbury Academic, 2022).
References
1954 births
Living people
Fellows of the British Academy
Odala may refer to:
Minister Odala, a character in star wars
Odala, town in Palestinian territories
Odala (Bahgeri Dhulbahante), a Dhulbahante subclan
See also
Khaira (disambiguation)
These are the squad listings for the men's teams at the 2017 Central American Games.
Belize
Head coach: Richard Orlowski
Costa Rica
Head coach: Mauricio Herrera
Nicaragua
Head coach: Mario Alfaro
El Salvador
Head coach: Eduardo Lara
Honduras
Head coach: Carlos Tábora
Panama
Head coach: Jorge Dely Valdes
References
Football at the 2017 Central American Games
2017 men
The Peter Mokaba Stadium is a football and rugby union stadium in Polokwane (formerly Pietersburg), South Africa, that was used for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It has a capacity of 45,500 but for the purposes of the 2010 FIFA World Cup the seating capacity was reduced to 41,733. It is named after Peter Mokaba, a former leader of the ANC Youth League. It is located 3 kilometers from the city center and is located just east of the older Peter Mokaba Stadium.
The stadium is one of five new stadiums that were built for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Initial plans to upgrade the existing Old Peter Mokaba Stadium were abandoned in favour of the R1,245,000,000 (ZAR) new Peter Mokaba stadium.
The stadium was used intensely for training and matches. Therefore, the natural grass has been reinforced with artificial fibers, which anchors the field into a stable and a level grass surface of Desso GrassMaster.
2010 FIFA World Cup
The stadium hosted four Group matches during the tournament of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Soccer
The first event at the stadium was the Peter Mokaba Cup, held on 23 January 2010. It was a 4 team, friendly tournament, which served as the stadium's opening event. In the first semi-final, SuperSport United beat Danish side Brøndby 2–1. In the second semi-final, Kaizer Chiefs advanced after beating Wits 4–3 on penalties, after a goalless draw. Kaizer Chiefs defeated Supersport United 4–2 in the final.
The first international game played at the stadium was the international friendly between South Africa and Guatemala on 31 May 2010, which South Africa won 5–0.
The stadium hosted its first competitive football match on 20 November 2010. Kaizer Chiefs opted to host their 2010–11 Telkom Knockout semi-final against Santos at the stadium. The match ended 1–0 to Kaizer Chiefs.
Rugby
The stadium hosted its first rugby union match on 30 January 2010. The match was a Super 14 warm up match, played for the Xerox Cup. It was contested by the Bulls and Lions.
References
External links
Photos of Stadiums in South Africa at cafe.daum.net/stade
ESPN Stadium Profile
Goal.com Profile
360 View
Soccer venues in South Africa
Polokwane
2010 FIFA World Cup stadiums
Sports venues in Limpopo
Polokwane City F.C.
Balurghat is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Balurghat subdivision of Dakshin Dinajpur district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Dinajpur district was constituted in 1786. In 1947, the Radcliffe Line placed the Sadar and Thakurgaon subdivisions of Dinajpur district in East Pakistan. The Balurghat subdivision of Dinajpur district was reconstituted as West Dinajpur district in West Bengal. The new Raiganj subdivision was formed in 1948. In order to restore territorial links between northern and southern parts of West Bengal which had been snapped during the partition of Bengal, and on the recommendations of the States Reorganisation Commission a portion of the erstwhile Kishanganj subdivision comprising Goalpokhar, Islampur and Chopra thanas (police stations) and parts of Thakurganj thana, along with the adjacent parts of the erstwhile Gopalpur thana in Katihar subdivision were transferred from Purnea district in Bihar to West Bengal in 1956, and were formally incorporated into Raiganj subdivision in West Dinajpur. The township of Kishanganj and its entire municipal boundary remained within Bihar. With the introduction of the Community Development Programme in 1960-61, community development blocks were set up in West Dinajpur district. In 1992, West Dinajpur district was bifurcated and Dakshin Dinajpur district was established.
Geography
Balurghat is located at .
Dakshin Dinajpur district is physiographically a part of the Barind Tract. The area is generally flat and slightly undulating. The elevation of the district is about 15 metres above mean sea level. However, the soil varies. CD Blocks such as Balurghat, Hili and Kumarganj have alluvial soil, Tapan CD Block has laterite soil. There are three main rivers. The Atreyee comes from Bangladesh, flows through Kumarganj and Balurghat CD Blocks and goes back to Bangladesh. The Punarbhaba flows through Gangarampur and Tapan CD Blocks. The Tangon flows through Kushmandi and Bansihari CD Blocks. There is a small river named Jamuna in the Hili CD Block. All rivers, flowing from north to south, overflow during the monsoons and cause floods.
Balurghat CD Block is bounded by Kumarganj CD Block and Birampur Upazila in Dinajpur District in Bangladesh, on the north, Hili CD Block and Joypurhat Sadar Upazila in Joypurhat District in Bangladesh, on the east, Dhamoirhat Upazila in Naogaon District in Bangladesh on the south, and Tapan CD Block on the west.
Six out of the eight CD Blocks in the district are on the India-Bangladesh border popularly referred to as a porous border. 2,216 km of the 4,096 km long India-Bangladesh border falls in West Bengal. More than 11,000 people live near/ around the zero line in Dakshin Dinajpur. Approximately 252 km of the international border is in Dakshin Dinajpur district.
Balurghat CD Block has an area of 369.39 km2.It has 1 panchayat samity, 11 gram panchayats, 174 gram sansads (village councils), 309 mouzas and 294 inhabited villages. Balurghat police station serves this block. Headquarters of this CD Block is at Balurghat.
Gram panchayats of Balurghat block/ panchayat samiti are: Amritakhanda, Bhatpara, Boaldar, Bolla, Chakbhrigu, Chingishpur, Danga, Gopalbati, Jalghar and Nazirpur.
Demographics
Population
As per 2011 Census of India, Balurghat CD Block had a total population of 250,764, of which 234,139 were rural and 16,625 were urban. There were 129,254 (52%) males and 121,590 (48%) females. Population below 6 years was 24,485. Scheduled Castes numbered 73,716 (29.40%) and Scheduled Tribes numbered 66,225 (26.41%).
As per 2001 census, Balurghat block has a total population of 228,701, out of which 118,056 were males and 110,645 were females. Balurghat block registered a population growth of 23.49 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 22.11 per cent.
Census towns in Balurghat CD Block were (2011 population in brackets): Par Patiram (3,225), Dakra (5,268) and Chak Bhrigu (6,269).
The only outgrowth in Balurghat CD Block was (2011 population in brackets): Baidyanathpara (1,863).
The only large village (with 4,000+ population) in Balurghat CD Block was (2011 population in brackets): Khidirpur (5,419).
Other villages in Balurghat CD Block included (2011 population in brackets): Boaldar (1,679), Bolla (2,836), Jalghar (2,310), Dangi (2,041), Bhatpara (917), Nazirpur (1,175), Gopalbati (959), Amritakhanda (2,863) and Chingispur (2,297).
Decadal growth of population in Balurghat CD Block for the period 2001-2011 was 8.82%. Decadal growth of population in Dakhin Dinajpur district during the same period was 11.52% down from 22.15% in the previous decade. Decadal growth of population in West Bengal for the corresponding periods was 13.93% and 17.77% respectively.
The large scale migration of the East Bengali refugees (including tribals) started with the partition of Bengal in 1947. Up to around 1951, two-fifths of the refugees settled in South Bengal, the balance settled in the North Bengal districts of West Dinajpur, Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar. Erstwhile West Dinajpur alone received around 6.5% of the early entrants. The steady flow of people into Dakshin Dinajpur has continued over the years from erstwhile East Pakistan and subsequently from Bangladesh.
Literacy
As per the 2011 census, the total number of literates in Balurghat CD Block was 167,353 (73.96% of the population over 6 years) out of which males numbered 93,736 (80.25% of the male population over 6 years) and females numbered 73,617 (67.24% of the female population over 6 years). The gender disparity (the difference between female and male literacy rates) was 13.01%.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Language and religion
In 2001, Bengali was the mother-tongue of 82.2% of the population of Dakshin Dinajpur district, followed by Santali (10.3%), Hindi (1.8%), Kurukh/ Oraon (1.7%), Munda (0.5%), Sadan/Sadri (0.5%), Kurmali Thar (0.4%), Telugu (0.3%), Mundari 0.3%), Bhojpuri (0.1%), Kortha/ Khotta (0.1%) and Koda/ Kora (0.1%). The proportion of Bengali speakers has increased from 72.2% in 1961 to 82.2% to 2001 and that of Santali has increased from 9.3% in 1961 to 10.3% in 2001, but the proportion of Hindi speakers has declined from 5.4% in 1961 to 1.8% in 2001. Information about mother-tongue is available only at the district level and above.
As per 2014 District Statistical Handbook: Dakshin Dinajpur (quoting census figures), in the 2001 census, in Balurghat CD Block, Hindus numbered 211,223 and formed 92.34% of the population. Muslims numbered 11,847 and formed 5.18% of the population. Christians numbered 5,068 and formed 2.22% of the population. Others numbered 598 and formed 0.26% of the population.
According to the 2011 District Census Handbook: Dakshin Dinajpur, during 2011 census, the majority of the population of the district were Hindus constituting 73.5% of the population followed by Muslims with 24.6% of the population. The proportion of Hindu population of the district increased from 59.9% in 1961 to 74.0 %in 2001 and then dropped to 73.5% in 2011. The proportion of Muslim population in the district decreased from 39.4% in 1961 to 24.0% in 2001 and then increased to 24.6% in 2011.
Rural poverty
As per the Human Development Report 2004 for West Bengal, the rural poverty ratio in erstwhile West Dinajpur district was 27.61%. Malda district on the south of West Dinajpur district had a rural poverty ratio of 35.4% and Jalpaiguri district on the north had a rural poverty ratio of 35.73%. These estimates were based on Central Sample data of NSS 55th round 1999-2000.
As per BPL Survey by the Government of West Bengal, the proportion of BPL families in Dakshin Dinajpur district was 43.54% as on 30 October 2002.
Economy
Livelihood
In Balurghat CD Block in 2011, amongst the class of total workers, cultivators numbered 29,864 and formed 26.29%, agricultural labourers numbered 43,309 and formed 38.20%, household industry workers numbered 6,010 and formed 5.29% and other workers numbered 34,337 and formed 30.22%. Total workers numbered 113,610 and formed 45.64% of the total population, and non-workers numbered 135,291 and formed 54.36% of the population.
Note: In the census records a person is considered a cultivator, if the person is engaged in cultivation/ supervision of land owned by self/government/institution. When a person who works on another person's land for wages in cash or kind or share, is regarded as an agricultural labourer. Household industry is defined as an industry conducted by one or more members of the family within the household or village, and one that does not qualify for registration as a factory under the Factories Act. Other workers are persons engaged in some economic activity other than cultivators, agricultural labourers and household workers. It includes factory, mining, plantation, transport and office workers, those engaged in business and commerce, teachers, entertainment artistes and so on.
Infrastructure
There are 294 inhabited villages in Balurghat CD Block. All 294 villages (100%) have power supply. All 294 villages (100%) have drinking water supply. 32 villages (10.88%) have post offices. 269 villages (91.5%) have telephones (including landlines, public call offices and mobile phones). 121 villages (41.16%) have a pucca (paved) approach road and 89 villages (30.27%) have transport communication (includes bus service, rail facility and navigable waterways). 11 villages (3.74%) have agricultural credit societies. 9 villages (3.06%) have banks.
Agriculture
The land is fertile for agricultural production, particularly in the southern part of the district. The rivers are flood-prone but droughts also occur occasionally. There are numerous tanks and some marshes and bils. Multiple cropping is widely practised. The Tebhaga movement by the share croppers, towards the end of British rule, is widely known. There are some forests, mostly in areas bordering Bangladesh.
Balurghat CD Block had 118 fertiliser depots, 60 seed stores and 16 fair price shops in 2013-14.
In 2013-14, Balurghat CD Block produced 2,944 tonnes of Aman paddy, the main winter crop from 1,213 hectares, 13,500 tonnes of Boro paddy (spring crop) from 4,459 hectares, 5,616 tonnes of wheat from 1,824 hectares, 83,817 tonnes of jute from 5,004 hectares and 23,330 tonnes of potatoes from 905 hectares. It also produced pulses and oilseeds.
In 2013-14, the total area irrigated in Balurghat CD Block was 8,182 hectares, out of which 922 hectares were irrigated by tank irrigation, 3,367 hectares by river lift irrigation, 1,224 hectares by deep tube wells and 2,669 hectares by shallow tube wells.
Banking
In 2013-14, Balurghat CD Block had offices of 21 commercial banks and 7 gramin banks.
Backward Regions Grant Fund
Dakshin Dinajpur district is listed as a backward region and receives financial support from the Backward Regions Grant Fund. The fund, created by the Government of India, is designed to redress regional imbalances in development. As of 2012, 272 districts across the country were listed under this scheme. The list includes 11 districts of West Bengal.
Transport
Balurghat CD Block has 8 ferry services and 12 originating/ terminating bus routes.
The Eklakhi–Balurghat branch line passes through this CD Block and there are stations at Balurghat and Mallickpur Hat.
State Highway 10 passes through this block.
Education
In 2013-14, Balurghat CD Block had 195 primary schools with 10,790 students, 1 middle school with 75 students, 14 high schools with 23,315 students and 17 higher secondary schools with 18,101 students. Balurghat CD Block had 1 general degree college with 396 students, 3 technical/ professional institutions with 285 students and 374 institutions for special and non-formal education with 11,832 students. There were 2 general degree colleges with 6,397 students and 1 technical/ professional institute with 100 students and other educational facilities at Balurghat (outside the CD Block).
In Balurghat CD Block, amongst the 294 inhabited villages, 66 villages do not have a school, 35 villages have more than 1 primary school, 35 villages have at least 1 primary and 1 middle school and 31 villages have at least 1 middle and 1 secondary school.
Jamini Majumdar Memorial College was established at Patiram in 2008.
Healthcare
In 2014, Balurghat CD Block had 1 rural hospital, 1 block primary health centre, 4 primary health centres and 2 private/ NGO nursing home, with total 168 beds and 9 doctors (excluding private bodies). It had 52 family welfare subcentres. 1,529 patients were treated indoor and 203,032 patients were treated outdoor in the hospitals, health centres and subcentres of the CD Block. Balurghat had 1 hospital, 2 state government/ local units and 2 private/ NGO nursing homes with total 525 beds and 37 doctors (excluding private bodies) (outside the CD Block).
Khaspur Rural Hospital at Khaspur (with 30 beds) is the main medical facility in Balurghat CD Block. There are primary health centres at Bara Kasipur (Bharandah (Bolader) PHC) (with 10 beds), Bolla (with 10 beds), Nazirpur (with 10 beds), Chak Bhrigu (Dakra PHC) (with 10 beds) and Kamarpara (with 10 beds).
References
Community development blocks in Dakshin Dinajpur district
The Knight of the Dragon (), Star Knight, is a 1985 Spanish adventure film directed by Fernando Colomo. It stars Miguel Bosé alongside Klaus Kinski, Harvey Keitel and Fernando Rey.
Plot
A knight sets out to rescue a princess from a dragon, but the dragon turns out to really be an alien spacecraft.
Cast
Production
The film had initially a 200 million pesetas budget, and received an additional 50% subsidy. Eventually the budget had to be raised to 300 million, making for a 400 million total, the highest in Spanish cinema at the time.
Casting
Imanol Arias was initially chosen for the alien's role, and the actor liked the idea, but it was eventually decided that they aren't suitable for the character. Looking for a more androgynous profile, they were replaced by Miguel Bosé.
For alchemist Boecius the staff was interested in signing a former Hollywood star. The producers successively tried to sign Burt Lancaster, Charlton Heston, Kirk Douglas and Robert Mitchum. An agreement with Vincent Price fell through due to surgery, and their agent offered them Klaus Kinski instead.
Filming
The film was shot through the province of Girona. The crew was set in Roses, and the Requesens Castle and the volcanic landscape around Olot were used. The shooting is mostly remembered for the tense relationship between Kinski and most of the cast and crew. According to Fernando Colomo, having to wait on a horse for a while angered them for the rest of the entire production and they were disrespectful to everyone except for Miguel Bosé and the Roma people who took care of the animals used in the film.
Release
The film was theatrically released in Spain on 20 December 1985. After the film's theatrical run in its native Spain, CineTel Films picked up the film for a US theatrical release in the summer of 1986. However, the film was not released on videocassette in the US until 1992, when it was released by Vidmark Entertainment.
Reception
The film was the seventh most attended Spanish film in 1985, far from the box office performance expected to make up for its record budget. The production also resulted in a dispute with the American distributors, which broke off their contract following a delay. Colomo was left with a 50 million pesetas debt that they covered with the gains from their next film, La vida alegre.
See also
List of Spanish films of 1985
References
External links
1985 films
1980s science fiction adventure films
Spanish science fiction adventure films
1980s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Fernando Colomo
Films set in the Middle Ages
Films shot in the province of Girona
Neomyopites is a genus of the family Tephritidae, better known as fruit flies.
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Harpactira cafreriana otherwise known as the Cape copper baboon or amber baboon tarantula spider was first described by Charles Athanase Walckenaer in 1837. It is found in South Africa, being terrestrial or semi-fossorial in nature.
Description
Females
Females of this species live from around 10 to 12 years under proper care, owning a far duller coloration than what can be seen in the males. Most of the body is a dark brown or grey color, covered with copper coloration all around the body, being stronger the closer it is to the carapace. Alongside the males, this tarantula is covered in grayish hairs.
Male
Males live from around 2 to 3 years under proper care, they own a far brighter coloration than the females looking to be almost golden in coloration. All their body is the same coloration, although owning some black striping in the carapace and a black fish bone patter in the opisthosoma, which are covered in grey hairs alongside the legs.
Habitat
This section will be based on Bontebok National Park, as it's close to the type locality of this species. This aBlack wattlerea has a temperate climate, with an average of 377mm of yearly rainfall. The average temperature is 20ºC with animals such as Cape Fox, Bontebok and Aardwolf. With plants such as Breede River Yellowwood, Black Wattle and Sweet Thorn, making it a pretty diverse area.
Behavior
They are terrestrial tarantulas, sometimes showing semi-fossorial behavior, they web quite a lot and are usually visible. They are surprisingly calm considering they are part of the Harpactirinae subfamily, though when scared they are fast and will run away instead of being defensive.
References
Spiders described in 1837
Theraphosidae
Spiders of South Africa
Leonel de Jesús Álvarez Zuleta (born 29 July 1965) is a Colombian former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. They played 101 times for the Colombia national team between 1985 and 1997, making them the third most capped player in Colombian international football. They also served as head coach of the Colombia national team in 2011. Álvarez is the only coach to have been champion twice with Independiente Medellín.
 They are the current head coach of Águilas Doradas.
Club career
Álvarez was born in Remedios, Colombia. They began their career with Independiente Medellín in 1983. In 1989, they were part of the Atlético Nacional team that won the Copa Libertadores in 1989. They won a Colombian league title with América de Cali in 1990 and another in 1995.
They have also played for Veracruz of Mexico and Real Valladolid of Spain.
Álvarez signed with Major League Soccer before the league's inaugural 1996 season, and was allocated to the Dallas Burn. In their year with the team, Álvarez they scored three goals and five assists for the team from a defensive midfield position, and was named as part of the MLS Best XI. Álvarez moved to Mexico for the 1997 season, where they played for Veracruz. They returned to Dallas Burn in 1998, where they recovered their starting position; Álvarez would be an extremely important player in the Burn's central midfield for the next two years, but near the end of 1999, they were traded to the New England Revolution for Ariel Graziani. Álvarez played for the Revolution throughout 2001 before the team decided not to renew their contract for the 2002 season.
Late in their career, they returned to Colombian football, where they played for Deportes Quindío and for Deportivo Pereira.
International career
Álvarez appeared in a total of 101 games for the Colombia, making their debut on 14 February 1985 against Poland. They appeared for Colombia in the 1990 and 1994 World Cups, playing in a total of seven games. Additionally, they played in the Copa América for their native country in 1987, 1989, 1991, 1993, and 1995.
Coaching career
Álvarez began their coaching career as technical assistant at Deportivo Pereira, one of their former clubs. In 2008, they worked as the assistant coach at Independiente Medellín, the team they began their career with, working as Santiago Escobar's understudy. After Escobar was fired Álvarez was promoted and given their first head coach opportunity. In their debut season as a coach, they helped make Medellín champions. In May 2010 they were named the assistant coach of the Colombia national team. In September 2011, they were appointed head coach of the team, following the resignation of Hernán Bolillo Gómez. They got off to a good start by beating Bolivia, but was sacked on 14 December that year after the Colombian squad recorded a 1–1 draw with Venezuela and a 2–1 loss with Argentina in the World Cup qualifying campaign. In July 2012, they were appointed as Itagui's new coach.
Career statistics
Score and result list Colombia's goal tally first, score column indicates score after Álvarez goal.
See also
List of men's footballers with 100 or more international caps
References
External links
International statistics at rsssf
Leonel Álvarez at Footballdatabase
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Antioquia Department
Colombian footballers
Independiente Medellín footballers
América de Cali footballers
Atlético Nacional footballers
Deportes Quindío footballers
Deportivo Pereira footballers
Real Valladolid players
C.D. Veracruz footballers
FC Dallas players
New England Revolution players
Categoría Primera A player
La Liga players
Liga MX players
Major League Soccer players
Major League Soccer All-Stars
Colombian expatriate footballers
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Colombia international footballers
1990 FIFA World Cup players
1994 FIFA World Cup players
Association football midfielders
FIFA Century Club
1987 Copa América players
1989 Copa América players
1991 Copa América players
1993 Copa América players
1995 Copa América players
Deportivo Cali managers
Cerro Porteño managers
Colombian football managers
Peter Spellos is an American voice actor.
Notable roles
Animated Television Series
BattleTech: The Animated Series - Captain Miles Hawkins
Bureau of Alien Detectors - Moose Trengganu
Anime
Black Jack - Mr. Brane
Bleach - Koganehiko, Dordonii Alessandro del Socaccio
Code Geass - Bartley Asprius
Cowboy Bebop - Dr. Baucus (Episode 15)
Digimon: Digital Monsters - Meramon, Whamon, Additional Voices
Eagle Riders - Cyberon
El-Hazard - Londs
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex - Niimi
Gurren Lagann - Beastman (episode 13)
Kikaider - Zadam
Naruto - Hitode
Outlaw Star - Gilliam
Planetes - Hakim Ashmead
Rave Master - Billy
S-CRY-ed - Dred
The Big O - Additional Voices
Transformers: Robots in Disguise - Sky-Byte
Trigun - Monev The Gale
Wolf's Rain - Bartender
Live action
American Dreams - Gus
The Guyver - Ramsey
ER - Trib Reporter
Married... with Children - Elmo
NewsRadio - Camera Man
Lois and Clark: The New Adventures of Superman - Elroy Sykes
Movie roles
Billy Frankenstein - Bloodstone
Bound - Lou
Cowboy Bebop: The Movie - Duvchenko, Queen
Digimon: Island of the Lost Digimon - Grizzlymon
Dinosaur Island - Turbo
Glass Trap - Howard Brunel
Hard to Die - Orville Ketchum
Men in Black II - Captain Larry Bridgewater
Possessed by the Night - Big Ed
Agent Red - Col. Korsky
Sorority House Massacre II - Orville Ketchum
In the Army Now - Mr. Quinn
Yes Man - Security Guard (Hollywood Bowl)
Video games
Seven Samurai 20XX - Rojie
References
External links
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male voice actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
The elf owl (Micrathene whitneyi) is a small grayish-brown bird about the size of a sparrow found in the Southwestern United States, central Mexico, and the Baja California peninsula. It has pale yellow eyes highlighted by thin white "eyebrows" and a gray bill with a horn-colored tip. The elf owl frequently inhabits woodpecker holes in saguaro cacti; it also nests in natural tree cavities. It is nocturnal and feeds primarily on insects.
Taxonomy
The elf owl was formally described in 1861 by the American naturalist James Graham Cooper from a specimen collected near Fort Mohave in Arizona. They coined the binomial name Athene whitneyi, choosing the specific epithet to honour the geologist Josiah Whitney. The owl is now the only species placed in the genus Micrathene that was introduced in 1866 specifically for the elf owl by American ornithologist Elliott Coues. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek mikros meaning "small" and the genus name Athene that had been introduced by Friedrich Boie in 1822.
A molecular phylogenetic study of the owls published in 2019 found that the elf owl is a sister species to the South American long-whiskered owlet (Xenoglaux loweryi) that was first described in 1977.
Four subspecies are recognized:
M. w. whitneyi (Cooper, JG, 1861) – southwest USA and northwest Mexico
M. w. idonea (Ridgway, 1914) – south Texas (USA) to central Mexico
M. w. sanfordi (Ridgway, 1914) – south Baja California (Mexico)
† M. w. graysoni Ridgway, 1886 – Socorro Island (off west Mexico) (extinct)
M. w. idonea, the subspecies in southernmost Texas to central Mexico, is resident, as are the isolated M. w. sanfordi of southernmost Baja California and M. w. graysoni (Socorro elf owl) of Socorro Island, southwest from the tip of Baja California. The Socorro elf owl has not been recorded since 1931 and is assumed to be extinct.
Description
The elf owl is the world's lightest owl, although the long-whiskered owlet and the Tamaulipas pygmy owl are of a similarly diminutive length. It is also the world's smallest owl. The mean body weight of this species is . These tiny owls are long and have a wingspan of about . Their primary projection (flight feather) extends nearly past their tail. They have fairly long legs and often appear bow-legged.
They are often found in chaparral, and are easily found during their breeding season. During dusk and just before dawn are the times this owl is most active, they can often be heard calling to one another just after dusk or at sunset in a high-pitched whinny or chuckle. These songs often consist of 5–7 notes that repeat in short duration, similar to the sound of a young puppy. The distinctive vocalizations of elf owls vary according to sex, with males exhibiting a vaster repertoire of complex notes as opposed to females of the same species. Males have two primary classifications of songs, each of which share similar characteristics of structure and function. Most avian observers refer to "Class A" songs to describe those that vary in length (generally 5–15 notes), and are used as both territorial proclamation and to herald the arrival of males to females in the area. While Class A tones reflect changes in environmental factors—wind, precipitation, moonlight, and temperature—Class B songs have significantly less variation among individuals. Class B functions as the primary mating call, stimulating females and encouraging them to accept male sexual advances. As the season goes on and mating begins, Class A songs are observed with lower frequency than Class B. There are also a handful of locational, so-called "scolding", and territorial songs belonging to both male and female birds of the elf owl species.
Distribution and habitat
The elf owl is known to migrate in large groups, with patterns of migration varying depending on flock and habitat location. Some broods of elf owl migrate to the southwest United States; California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas, in the spring and summer for breeding. In the winter, it is found in central and southern Mexico. Migrant elf owls return north in mid-April to early May. Resident populations occur in a couple of places in south central Mexico and along the Baja peninsula.
Behaviour and ecology
Elf owls feign death when handled, an adaption that encourages a predator to relax its grip so that the owl can escape. Elf owls are also notoriously territorial. Territories are established by the male and are defended by both the male and the female, and males also tend to view their chosen female mate as a territory to be defended, as well. This defense is often accomplished through the use of song. During the breeding season, elf owls are monogamous and stay in breeding pairs, but can be found in small groups during migration and when mobbing predators. Adults as well as young can be subject to predation by other predatory birds such as jays, hawks, and owls.
Breeding
Elf owls usually choose abandoned, north-facing woodpecker cavities in saguaro cacti, sycamores, cottonwoods, and other hardwood trees, to raise their young. While some cavity nesters utilize vegetation as nesting substrate, elf owls have been observed removing this vegetation and prefer a bare cavity. While elf owls primarily use natural structures for their nesting, they have been known to nest in human-made structures such as telephone poles in urban areas. As populations decrease due to encroachment by urbanization, this may serve elf owls well (for more, see Conservation).
They generally mate for periods of three months, with male and female birds remaining in close proximity. During this time, females engage in the singing of locational calls (see Appearance and Behavior for more information on elf owl vocalizations), and males respond with mating rituals of their own. Males and female forage independently during this time, but the male elf owl will often hunt for the female as they remain in the pairs' chosen habitat for the mating season.
While three eggs is a very common clutch size, females may lay anywhere from one to five eggs in springtime (late March to early May). The eggs are usually round or oval shaped with a white coloration and are from 26.8 x 23.2 to 29.9 x 25.0 mm in size. The eggs are incubated for about 24 days before the chicks hatch. The young owlets fledge at about 10 weeks. Usually, chicks are born in mid-June or early July. By the end of July, they are almost always fledged and ready to set out on their own.
After the young hatch, the female elf owl watches over them in the nesting cavity while the male often hunts for the young and the female herself. The male elf owl does most of the caretaking himself, feeding their brood independent of the female, who resides in the cavity. Generally this period of communal rearing lasts until the brood is 17 to 21 days of age.
Elf owls live 3 to 6 years; in captivity they may live up to 10 years. The most common types of mortality for these owls are predation, exposure, and inter-species as well as intra-species competition.
Food and feeding
Hunting is performed mostly during nocturnal hours. Straight line flight is often deployed for this purpose but they will use an arced flight when in the vicinity of the nest and for flying to and from perches. They live in cacti much like some birds, using the shade and climate the cacti provide.
Elf owls feed mainly on arthropods such as moths, crickets, scorpions, centipedes, and beetles. Agaves and ocotillos are ideal places for foraging, as moths and other insects may be found in their flowers. In urban areas they can be seen utilizing outdoor lights that attract bugs as areas for insect hunting. They are often seen chasing after flying insects, with a flight similar to a tyrant flycatcher's. They also feed on scorpions. Once the owl has killed the scorpion, they can be observed removing the stinger before consumption. The elf owls seem to not be bothered by scorpion stings. They will also feed on small mammals, reptiles and birds, on occasion.
Conservation status
Populations of elf owls have continued to decline in recent years due to a continued loss of native habitats, particularly those in the desert areas of California. Human activities, like increasing water diversion and home construction, have decimated these desert and riparian areas, as well as increasingly abundant invasive species (such as the salt cedar). The destruction of habitat leaves many elf owls unable to nest, hunt, and reproduce in areas like California, Arizona, and elsewhere.
To date, elf owls are not considered a globally threatened species, yet they are listed as "endangered" in California due to a population of fewer than 150,000 individual owls in the United States. California has implemented a captive breeding program in an attempt to increase this number, while numerous environmental and government agencies work to preserve their riparian and desert homes. Some sources report that the elf owl has already been nearly eliminated in California.
In fiction
An elf owl named Gylfie is a major character in the Guardians of Ga'Hoole book series by Kathryn Lasky, and the 2010 film adaptation. An elf owl plays a major role in the technothriller The Elf Owl and Imagined Amenities, by Sam Biondo.
References
General references
Biondo, Sam (2013). The Elf Owl and Imagined Amenities (Kindle ed.). .
del Hoyo, Josep (ed.) (2014). Handbook of the Birds of the World Vol. 5: Barn-owls to Hummingbirds. Barcelona: Lynx Ed. .
National Geographic (2002). Field Guide to the Birds of North America, 4th ed. .
Sibley, David Allen (2014). The Sibley Guide to Birds, 2nd ed. New York: Knopf. .
External links
Elf Owl photo gallery
Cornell Lab of Ornithology entry for the Elf owl. Includes photograph and audio recording.
Elf owl fact sheet from the Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum.
elf owl
Native birds of the Southwestern United States
Birds of the Rio Grande valleys
Birds of Mexico
elf owl
Natural history of the Revillagigedo Islands
elf owl
elf owl
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Birds of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt
Fauna of the Sonoran Desert
Wynstones School was a Steiner Waldorf school in Gloucestershire, set on 11 acres near Gloucester. It took pupils from pre-school through to university entrance and has an enrolment of around 275 students.
History
Wynstones was founded on the initiative of Margaret Bennell, Cora Nokes, Benedict Wood with their wife Norah, and John Benians, all who wished to change their educational direction. Margaret Bennell and Cora Nokes, two teachers from Crouch End, London had met Benedict Wood (H E Wood), who ran a prep school in Dorset, at a teaching conference in London. John Benians joined them shortly after the school opened in 1937 along with Isobel Smith, who had wanted to join them at the outset but had to work out their contract before they were free to do so. They were soon joined by several other teachers including some, like Bettina Mellinger, Rudi Lissau and Maria and Norbert Glas that had come to England after the closure of the German Waldorf schools by the Nazi government. The school grew rapidly over the War years, being in the countryside away from the bombing of the cities. Its hostel became a home to many children including those of the Camphill community co-workers in Scotland. The high school was established after the War and the land and new buildings surrounding the original manor house developed.
The school is now closed while the Trustees and senior leadership team address the significant safeguarding concerns reported by Ofsted in their inspection in January 2020.
Campus
Situated in rural surroundings between Gloucester and Stroud, the school is set on 11 acres of extensive grounds, allowing for outdoor building and gardening pursuits as well as accommodating the sports hall, sports field and tennis courts.
The main building provides a central core, and each of the classroom blocks has been placed around it to create a kind of village centre – helping to engender a sense of community for pupils, parents, teachers and staff within the school.
The Barn, the school's theatre, has enabled performance and visual arts to be at the heart of Wynstones School education and many memorable plays have been put on by pupils throughout the years. These have included King Lear, Romeo & Juliet, An Inspector Calls, Amadeus, The House of Bernarda Alba and most recently, Les Misérables.
Boarding places offered to international students are with school families.
Admissions and school programme
Admission is not based on academic selection and children with a wide range of abilities are accepted.
The school offers a comprehensive curriculum based on Steiner-Waldorf education with numerous extra-curricular activities, arts and cultural events and a comprehensive GCSE & A Level programme. It is a full member of the Steiner Waldorf Schools Fellowship in the United Kingdom
There is a parent and child group, for 0- to 3-year-olds, where parents and carers bring babies and toddlers to morning sessions on several days of the week. They spend a morning a week in school where they can experience some kindergarten activities such as simple seasonal crafts, food preparation, stories, singing and games, get to know the school, meet other parents and learn about Steiner Waldorf Education.
Management
Like most Steiner Waldorf schools, Wynstones adopts a co-operative approach to management.
Recently the school employed an Education Leader as part of the management structure. Broadly the roles of the various components are:
The Education Leader chairs the meetings of the College of Teachers, is responsible for Continuing Professional Development, INSET days, teacher appraisal, complaints & grievances, to lead and support the school's development and enhance the scope of education provided
The College of Teachers works as an advisory, reference group to the Education Leader
The Chair of Lower School (pupils 6 – 14): Management responsibility for the curriculum, teaching and learning, standards and attainment
The Chair of Upper School (pupils 14 – 18): Management responsibility for the curriculum, teaching and learning, standards and attainment
A Mandate system enlists the individual members to undertake an area of responsibility in the school
School Council – The Trustees
Wynstones is an educational charity and the independent trustees making up the School Council have final responsibility for the well-being of the school.
The School Council is ultimately responsible for all aspects of the school. The Council's role is not day-to-day management of the school which is delegated to the Education Leader/Chair of College. Our overall commitment is that: 'The Council, supporting the work of staff, the well being of pupils and the interest of parents, holds itself accountable to the Association to see that Wynstones (a) achieves its desired aims, and (b) avoids unacceptable actions and situations.
Notable alumni
Peter Bridgmont (January 1929 - 24 June 2019), English actor, acting professor and author.
Tim Noble, English artist, part of the collaborative duo Tim Noble and Sue Webster
Mick Fleetwood, English drummer and co-founder of Fleetwood Mac
References
External links
Official School Homepage
Wynstones Upper School Film 2016
Wynstones Reunited, Old Scholars website
Steiner Schools Fellowship
Waldorf schools in the United Kingdom
Defunct schools in Gloucestershire
Educational institutions established in 1937
1937 establishments in England
Educational institutions disestablished in 2020
2020 disestablishments in England
Linton railway station may refer to:
Linton railway station (Cambridgeshire), a closed station on the Stour Valley Railway in England
Linton railway station, Palmerston North, a closed station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand
Linton railway station, Victoria, a closed station on the Skipton railway line in Australia
Lynton and Lynmouth railway station, a closed station on the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway in England
WKLK-FM (96.5 FM, "K-96.5") is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock music format. Licensed to Cloquet, Minnesota, United States, the station serves the Duluth, area. The station is owned by Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa and has programming from Jones Radio Network.
History
The station was assigned the call letters KOUV on November 29, 1991. On February 18, 1992, the station changed its call sign to the current WKLK-FM. Previously, the station carried satellite-based oldies and hot adult contemporary formats.
References
External links
Radio stations in Minnesota
Classic rock radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1991
Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa
Cloquet, Minnesota
Esta historia me suena is a Mexican anthology television series produced by Genoveva Martínez for Televisa.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1: Vol. 1 (2019)
Season 2: Vol. 2 (2019–20)
Season 3: Vol. 3 (2020)
Season 4: Vol. 4 (2021)
Season 5: Vol. 5 (2022)
Notes
References
External links
Lists of Mexican television series episodes
Live in Houston may refer to:
Live in Houston 1981: The Escape Tour DVD/CD by Journey 2005
Live in Houston (Louis C.K. album)
Live In Houston, album by Johnny Winter
Live In Houston, album by Velvet Revolver
They Will Drown in their Mothers' Tears () is a 2017 novel by Swedish author Johannes Anyuru. It won the 2017 August Prize for Fiction. An English translation by Saskia Vogel was published in 2019.
References
2017 Swedish novels
Swedish-language novels
Novels set in Sweden
August Prize-winning works
Norstedts förlag books
Vigintas Stankus is an artist who is mainly famous as an oil painter. Stankus was born on July 14, 1962 in Kaunas, Lithuania. 1991 graduated from Lithuania Academy of Arts. Vigintas is a member of Lithuanian Artists' Association since 1999. Participant of exhibitions since 1991. Works in sphere of painting.
Vigintas Stankus made more than 60 personal and group exhibitions in Lithuania and abroad (Germany, USA, Spain, Norway, Netherlands etc.)
Creative work credo
Positive thoughts and emotions reflect in each work, also in painting. Admires Japanese painting. Big influence of east philosophy.
References
External links
Original oil painting "Composition" by Vigintas Stankus 1994
Some oil paintings
One of the exhibitions
One of the exhibitions
1962 births
Artists from Kaunas
Lithuanian painters
Living people
Mujpur, also spelled Munjpur is a village in Sankheshwar Taluka of Patan district in Gujarat, India.
Place of interest
There is a mosque with a Persian writing in the name of Zafar Khan (1391-1411), son of Wajih-ul-mulk, the founder of the Muzaffarid dynasty of Gujarat Sultanate. In 1816 it suffered a heavy loss, the great plague having carried off about one-half of its people. In 1820 Munjpur had insignificant fortifications.
Notable people
Chimanlal Trivedi, Gujarati writer
References
Villages in Patan district
Elections to the Kentucky Senate will be held on November 8, 2022, as part of the biennial 2022 United States elections.
Predictions
Retirements
Democrats
District 10: Dennis Parrett retired.
Republicans
District 6: C. B. Embry retired.
District 8: Matt Castlen retired.
District 12: Alice Forgy Kerr retired.
District 20: Paul Hornback retired.
District 24: Wil Schroder retired.
Summary of results
NOTE: The 19 odd-numbered districts did not hold elections in 2022 so they are not listed here.
References
See also
Elections in Kentucky
Kentucky Senate
November 2022 events in the United States
Kentucky Senate elections
2022 Kentucky elections
Mount Verlautz is a mountain (2,490 m) standing just north of the mouth of Poulter Glacier in the southeast end of the Rawson Mountains, Queen Maud Mountains. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Major Sidney J. Verlautz, U.S. Army Transportation Corps, who served as logistics research officer on the staff of the Commander, U.S. Naval Support Force, Antarctica.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Mastapur is a village in Rewari of Jatusana block, in the Indian state of Haryana.
Toll plaza
It has a toll plaza which employs numerous people from the village. Vehicles going from Jhajjar to Rewari or back have to pay the toll.
Adjacent villages
Gokalgarh
Guraora
Bikaner
Palhawas
Mohdipur
Tehna Dipalpur, Rohrai, Karawara Manakpur
References
Villages in Rewari district
The High Commission of the Maldives in London () is the diplomatic mission of the Maldives in the United Kingdom. It was established in 1995 by upgrading the existing Maldives Government Trade Representative's Office; it was officially opened by former Maldivian President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom.
This mission had once been called the Embassy of the Maldives in London () from October 2016, when the Maldives withdrew from the Commonwealth, to February 2020.
The diplomatic mission reverted to being the High Commission of the Maldives on 1 February 2020, when the Maldives rejoined the Commonwealth.
This high commission is also covering following countries :
Gallery
References
External links
Maldives
Diplomatic missions of the Maldives
Maldives and the Commonwealth of Nations
Maldives–United Kingdom relations
Buildings and structures in the City of Westminster
Marylebone
Rudi Godden (18 April 1907 – 4 January 1941) was a German singer and film actor, notable for their role in Nazi-era musical films such as Hello Janine! and Robert and Bertram. Das Gewehr Űber (Shoulder Arms) was a 1939 propaganda film.
Selected filmography
Truxa (1937)
Musketier Meier III (1938)
The Stars Shine (1938)
The Great and the Little Love (1938)
Hello Janine! (1939)
Shoulder Arms (1939)
Robert and Bertram (1939)
Polterabend (1940)
Die lustigen Vagabunden (1940)
The Unfaithful Eckehart (1940)
Bibliography
O'Brien, Mary-Elizabeth. Nazi Cinema as Enchantment: The Politics of Entertainment in the Third Reich. Camden House, 2006.
External links
1907 births
1941 deaths
German male film actors
20th-century German male singers
Male actors from Berlin
20th-century German male actors
Hommelvik Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Malvik municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located in the village of Hommelvik. It is one of the churches for the Hommelvik parish which is part of the Stjørdal prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1886 by the architects Johan Wæhre and Osvald Magnus Günther. The church seats about 360 people.
History
The first church in Hommelvik was built in 1886. The new church was consecrated on 25 May 1887 by the Bishop Niels Laache. In 1950, the church was extensively restored under the direction of John Egil Tverdahl.
See also
List of churches in Nidaros
References
Malvik
Churches in Trøndelag
Long churches in Norway
Wooden churches in Norway
19th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1886
1886 establishments in Norway
Cicortonide is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Acetate esters
Acetonides
Secondary alcohols
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Diketones
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Nitriles
Organochlorides
Pregnanes
Takin' Off is the debut album by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock released on 4 July 1962 by Blue Note Records. Featuring veteran tenor saxophonist Dexter Gordon, trumpeter Freddie Hubbard, bassist Butch Warren and drummer Billy Higgins. The album is a creative example of music in the hard bop idiom. The bluesy track "Watermelon Man" made it to the Top 100 of the singles charts, and went on to become a jazz standard. Hancock released a funk arrangement of “Watermelon Man” on their 1973 album Head Hunters. Takin' Off was initially released on CD in 1996 and then again in remastered form in 2007 by Rudy Van Gelder.
Track listing
All compositions by Herbie Hancock.
Bonus tracks on reissue
Personnel
Herbie Hancock – piano
Freddie Hubbard – trumpet
Dexter Gordon – tenor saxophone
Butch Warren – double bass
Billy Higgins – drums
References
1962 debut albums
Blue Note Records albums
Herbie Hancock albums
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Hard bop albums
Soul jazz albums
Modal jazz albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
NGC 852 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the Eridanus constellation. It is estimated to be 281 million light-years from the Milky Way and has a diameter of about 110,000 light-years. NGC 852 was discovered on October 27, 1834 by John Herschel.
References
External links
Barred spiral galaxies
852
Discoveries by William Herschel
Eridanus (constellation)
008195
Aleksandar Konov (; born 3 September 1993) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Konov joined Litex Lovech at academy level. They have been named on the Litex substitute bench for their fixture against Botev Plovdiv on 21 October 2012.
On 13 January 2013, Litex agreed for Konov to spend the rest of the season on loan to Vidima-Rakovski. They were first-choice goalkeeper during their loan-spell. In July 2013, Konov was loaned to Dobrudzha Dobrich for 2013–14 season.
Konov returned to Litex at the end of the season as second choice behind Vinícius Barrivieira. They were named on the bench for Litex's first seven games of the campaign and finally made their debut in the A Group on 14 September 2014, keeping a clean sheet against Haskovo at Lovech Stadium.
Dunav Ruse
On 12 June 2017 they left CSKA Sofia to join the other Bulgarian First League team of Dunav Ruse.
Lori
On 10 August 2018, Konov signed for newly promoted Armenian Premier League club Lori FC on a contract until the end of the year. On 11 December 2018, Konov extended their contract with Lori until the end of the 2018–19 season.
On 9 March 2019, Konov announced their retirement from football due to injury.
Club statistics
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC CSKA Sofia players
PFC Litex Lovech players
PFC Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo players
PFC Dobrudzha Dobrich players
FC Dunav Ruse players
FC Oborishte players
Association football goalkeepers
FC Lori players
Sportspeople from Ruse, Bulgaria
The 1988–89 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 50th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Sparta Sarpsborg won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
1988-89
GET
Three ships of the United States Navy have borne the name USS Du Pont, in honor of Rear Admiral Samuel Francis Du Pont.
, a , launched in 1897, renamed Coast Torpedo Boat No. 3 in 1918, and sold in 1920.
, a , launched in 1918 and sold in 1947.
, a , launched in 1956 and sold in 1993.
United States Navy ship names
Chocky is a 1984 children's six-part television drama based on the 1968 novel of the same name by John Wyndham. It was first broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom from 9 January to 13 February 1984. Two six-part sequels—Chocky's Children (1985) and Chocky's Challenge (1986)—were later produced. All were written by Anthony Read, directed by Vic Hughes and produced by Thames Television.
While the 1968 novel was set in an unspecified 'near future', the TV adaptation was set contemporaneously in the mid-1980s in Surrey. The Gore family acquire a second generation Citroën CX car which was marketed as being technologically advanced at the time.
Series synopses
Chocky
Matthew Gore is an intelligent boy chosen by a mysterious extraterrestrial visitor to be a source of information about life on Earth. As their schoolwork and artistic talent improve dramatically they arouse the suspicion of powerful groups who wish to tap into the amazing fund of knowledge to which they are now party.
Chocky's Children
A year has passed since Matthew said goodbye to their alien friend, and in the summer holidays they meet Albertine, a mathematical prodigy, with whom they discover they can communicate telepathically. One day Chocky returns to warn Matthew that they are both in danger. When they return to tell Albertine, they find they have disappeared.
Chocky's Challenge
Chocky hopes, with Matthew and Albertine's help, to help the human race discover cosmic power, which unlike Earth's finite natural resources, will sustain them for as long as the universe itself exists. But their knowledge has aroused a great deal of interest from the military, and they are willing to take drastic action if they don't get what they want.
Overview
Chocky was subsequently repeated in a re-edited single episode on 31 December 1984, with a similar single-episode edit repeat of Chocky's Children following on 27 December 1985.
Overseas transmissions
The series was also broadcast and popular in Czechoslovakia where it was dubbed in both Czech and Slovak languages. It was also dubbed in French and broadcast in Canada in the late 1980s and early 1990s; in Spanish and broadcast in Spain in the late 1980s. It was hugely popular in Bulgaria in the second half of 1980s. Also in Cuba. All episodes of Season 1 and Season 2 were shown numerous times.
Video release
The re-edited single episode of Chocky, originally broadcast at the end of 1984, was released on VHS by Thames Video in the July 1985.
Home media
The complete Chocky saga was available on DVD (all-region PAL, UK) from Second Sight. Revelation Films re-released the whole series in August 2010.
References
External links
Little Gems
1984 British television series debuts
1986 British television series endings
1980s British drama television series
1980s British science fiction television series
English-language television shows
ITV children's television shows
Television shows produced by Thames Television
Television shows based on British novels
Television series by FremantleMedia Kids & Family
Television shows set in Surrey
Works by John Wyndham
The Art of Storytelling is the sixth album released by rap group, Dirty. It was released on June 12, 2007 through Rap-a-Lot Records, Asylum Records, Atlantic Records and was produced by Terrence Cash and James Prince. The Art of Storytelling only made it to #40 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, becoming their only major studio album to not make it to the Billboard 200. This would mark Dirty's final album with Rap-a-Lot Records as the duo chose to leave label after this album's release.
Track listing
"Set Up"- 4:39
"Stop Playin'"- 3:30
"Makin Money"- 4:42
"Same Old Hood"- 3:52
"Shut Em Down"- 4:35
"Chevy Rock"- 4:16
"Slob on My Nobb"- 1:41
"I Got 50" (Skit)- 0:37
"I Got 50"- 4:13 (Featuring Paris)
"Couple A Hundred"- 4:41
"Just Look at Her"- 3:49
"Makin Money"- 2:34
"Ride 4 Me"- 4:56
"I'm Hood"- 4:33
"Black Flagg"- 2:22
"Everybody Shoots"- 3:04
"Snitcher"- 0:54
"Rearview Mirror"- 4:05
"Whoop Em"- 4:45
"Check Myself"- 5:02
"Comin Home (Troop Song)"- 4:17
2007 albums
Dirty (group) albums
Rap-A-Lot Records albums
John Gutenko (December 1, 1893 – October 18, 1963) was a Polish-born Galician (now Western Ukraine) who boxed under the name Kid Williams and was known as the Baltimore Tiger, they knocked out Johnny Coulon in Vernon, California, on June 9, 1914. This victory earned them the Bantamweight Championship world title. In 1970 Johnny Gutenko was inducted into the Ring magazine's Boxing Hall of Fame after being nominated “by the sports editors, boxing writers, and television sportscasters.” At the time, the magazine's founder Nat Fleischer ranked them number three among bantamweights. However, the website AinsworthSports.com rated them number one for the 1910 decade. Over twenty years later, they would be inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame. Ironically, the ceremony occurred in Canastota, New York, on June 9, 1996, the eighty-second anniversary of winning the bantamweight title.
Biography
John Gutenko was born at Rahó, Máramaros, Hungary, today, a part of western Ukraine, but from the mid-fourteenth century until 1772, it was a part of the Kingdom of Poland. After the partition of Poland by Austria-Hungary, it became a province of Galicia. Along with their mother, Aniela [Bertha] (November 7, 1876- August 23, 1939) and their two brothers,Ludwik (Louis) and Rudolph; and two sisters, Bertha and Helen), they arrived in Baltimore on September 28, 1904, aboard the SS Breslau. John's father, Wincenty Gutenko (May 4, 1866-October 15, 1925), had immigrated earlier in the year. Wincenty arrived in New York before moving to Baltimore, where a large Polish Galician Community was located in the Fells' Point neighborhood in southeast Baltimore City.
Three more children were born in Baltimore: Zygmunt (Sigmund), born on June 27, 1905; Paulina Rita (Lena), born on August 28, 1908; and Elizabeth, born on August 23, 1910. The family worshipped at the Polish Roman Catholic Church of Our Lady of the Holy Rosary. There, they met their wife Agnieszka (Agnes) Zwiaskowska/Wiaskowska (died January 8, 1971). They were married on May 23, 1916. They had two daughters-Katherine born February 8, 1919, and Rosalie Jeanette Gutenko, born April 21, 1927. They died at their daughter's home on Payson Street, Baltimore City, Maryland, on October 18, 1893. After a Requiem Mass at Holy Rosary Church, they were buried in the Gutenko Family Plot at Holy Rosary Cemetery.
By 1928 the boxer “who a few years ago was idolized by ring followers” was ‘practically penniless' [and] not many years ago [he] had a fortune of $300,000, made out of the ring, and some investments. Now they are broke, and their fighting days are over.”
Before they began their boxing career, Gutenko had left school after the third grade and worked as an apprentice typesetter. Possibly for one of the Baltimore Polish-language or German newspapers. After losing the title in 1917, they returned to typesetting but left to pursue their boxing career again. After they quit boxing, they would work for Bethlehem Steel in Sparrows Point, Maryland. During World War II, they were featured along with other workers promoting their efforts on behalf of the War.
Professional boxing record
John Gutnko's boxing career began on July 25, 1910, with a knockout win that started a meteoric rise and the race to win the bantamweight title. The latter was achieved because of their second manager Sammy Harris. It was Sammy Harris who, to garner publicity about their protégé John Gutenko reinvented and created a myth about themselves that the writers and fans were willing to accept since it made for good press. The most often repeated tale involved how Harris “discovered” the future bantamweight champion. At Harris's prompting, Guntenko often told reporters:
I sold them a paper, and they gave me half a dollar to get changed. I ran away with the half dollar. The next time Harris saw me, they took me up to their athletic club to box. They wanted to see me get licked for stealing their half dollar. But I didn't get licked. And Harris kept me and trained me, and they made me a champion.
It made for an excellent newspaper copy but was a complete fabrication. Gutenko did not sign with Harris until almost a year after they began their boxing career. Another more plausible explanation was offered by Gutenko a year before their death. In the interview, they told John Sherwood, an Evening Sun writer, that they first put on boxing gloves in the empty stockroom of Tom the Greek's candy store on Eastern Avenue in Baltimore's Fells' Point.
Gutenko's boxing career was initially managed by local boxing promoter Joe Barrett who arranged for their first match at the Oriole Baseball Park against Shep Ferren. A right-handed punch to Farren's jaw sent the boxer to the canvas and gave the novice their first win.
Their loss by knockout against George Henry Chaney, born in Baltimore on September 18, 1892, occurred at Baltimore's Germania Maennerchor Hall on January 2, 1911, eventually leading to them becoming the protégé of promoter and manager Sammy Harris. Under Harris' tutelage, they began an impressive winning streak. Then, on October 12, 1912, they met the reigning Bantamweight titleholder, Johnny Coulon, at Madison Square Garden.
Much to everyone's disbelief, they fought the champion to a standstill. “Some of the ringside sharps gave the Kid the shade, and all agreed that the Baltimore lad was entitled to a draw at the worst.”
The Polish boxer spent the next year and a half trying to force Coulon to a rematch. Although Coulon only fought three bouts during this time, Gutenko continued to take on worthy opponents, including the English (Johnny Hughes) and French (Charles LeDoux) bantamweight champions.
Finally, when an influential Californian boxing promoter, Tom McCarey, declared Gutenko the bantamweight champion after Coulon repeatedly failed to defend the title, Coulon was forced to step into the ring. Unfortunately, it appears Coulon was right to avoid a rematch as Gutenko knocked them out and became the Bantamweight Champion of the World.
John Gutenko gave several versions of how they acquired the fighting name “Kid Williams.” One of the most details suggests the name came from a Baltimore African American bantamweight boxer who encouraged Gutenko to assume their fighting moniker the night before a fight:
They hunted up their pal that night in order to obtain a line on the game. Their friend's name was Williams. Friend Williams was a regular prizefighter – regular in licking they received. They had just quit the game on that account. Still, Jonathan Gutenko (called ‘Dutch'). That name will never do. They puzzled away until Williams abruptly ended it by exclaiming: ‘Why not use mine? Williams? Sure!
Their nickname the Baltimore Tiger was coined by members of the New York sportswriter fraternity. It may have been former gunslinger turned sportswriter Bat Materson who came up with the moniker as they described Gutenko's aggressive boxing style as like that of a tiger.
Ironically, John Gutenko's first fight after winning the bantamweight title was against Pete Herman in New Orleans. Unfortunately, the Baltimore Tiger would lose their title three years later to Herman in New Orleans on January 9, 1917. They had met the year before, where Gutenko prevailed, but the third time was not the charm, and they lost by being outpointed. Gutenko never recaptured the title, and on September 9, 1929, the Maryland State Athletic Commission “decided for the best interests of everyone concerned, including Williams himself, that the Kid would not be allowed to fight anymore in the State.” The action was taken because “the members of the ring body felt that there was danger of the veteran fight suffering serious injury if allowed to continue.” Thus, revoking their license and ending their boxing career.
After their death, the boxing world began to acknowledge their “great natural ability as a fighter.” On December 3, 1966, their brother Rudolph (February 18, 1900-August 6, 1969), a Maryland bicycling champion in the 1920s, represented them when the Baltimore Tiger was elected to the Maryland Athletic Sports Hall of Fame. The plaque awarded them was later hung “on the Baltimore Civic Center wall.”
John Gutenko was not the only member of the family to aspire to a boxing career. Their younger brother Louis (September 28, 1895-June 17, 1961) also began their career in 1910 as a lightweight. They remained in their brother's shadow fighting under the name Young Kid Williams. However, they never achieved fame or a title like their older brother.
All information in this section is derived from BoxRec, unless otherwise stated.
Official record
All newspaper decisions are officially regarded as “no decision” bouts and are not counted to the win/loss/draw column.
Unofficial record
Record with the inclusion of newspaper decisions to the win/loss/draw column.
See also
List of bantamweight boxing champions
References
External links
1893 births
1963 deaths
Polish emigrants to the United States
Sportspeople from Copenhagen
International Boxing Hall of Fame inductees
Bantamweight boxers
Ruben Varona is a Colombian author and literary critic, specialized in crime and historical fiction.
Born in Popayán (1980), they teach in the Department of Spanish and Portuguese at Miami University. They have a Ph.D. in Hispanic Literature from Texas Tech University (2018), and a bilingual M.F.A. in Creative Writing from the University of Texas at El Paso (2012).  They are the co-founder of the Revista Cultural La Mandrágora in Popayán. Their deep interest in crime fiction has gained them recognition, being elected Vice-President for Latin American of the International Association of Crime Writers AIEP-IACW (2008-2016).
Rubén Varona's writing explores social conflicts and the potential for individual resistance. Their literary and academic work reveal structural problems in fictional societies raising awareness of conflicting perspectives of social justice. For example, their coauthored novel La secta de los asesinos (2016), approaches today's terrorism from a historical perspective that humanizes the political and religious tensions between East and West. This work was a finalist for the Premio Planeta-Casa de América award (2012), and the media credited it for anticipating to the foundation of the Islamic State. Varona's writing style uses the brutality, obscenity and crime to expose the dark skeleton of reality, and to reveal the ugliness implicit in our canon of beauty. For example, about their novel La hora del cheesecake (2015), the critic has highlighted the “intensity of language that forces the reader to place themselves in different planes and levels for the reconfiguration of both time and discourse”, and how it masterfully mixes the high and low culture, as well as the thriller and the corrosive satire without using the Anglo-Saxon models.
They have been chosen for several collections and anthologies of short stories: “Hospital psiquiátrico” en Desierto en escarlata: cuentos criminales de Ciudad Juárez. (Ed. Colectivo Zurdo Medieta, 2018), “Meninas Club” en Short Story anthology: Latein-Amerika (Ed. Beatrix Kramlovsky and Sylvia Unterrander. Trans. Eva Srna, 2014), “Punto Negro” en Céfiro: Enlace Hispano Cultural y Literario (2013), “Der Lackierte Spazierstock” en Crime fiction anthology: Zurich, Ausfahrt Mord. Switzerland. (Ed. Paul Ott. Trans. Susanna Mende, 2011), “El olor de los jazmines” en Rio Grande Review (2010), “Un vuelo de algo con alas de polvo.” Señales de Ruta. Antología del cuento colombiano. (Ed. Juan Pablo Plata, 2008), “Los restos del patriarca” en El Fungible. Especial de relatos para España y América Latina. (Ed. Ayuntamiento de Alcobendas 2008), and “Cábala en re menor” in the anthology Al filo de las palabras (Ed. Carlos Muñoz, 2001).
Publications
Novels
La secta de los asesinos (2016)(co-author with Carlos Bermeo)
La hora del cheesecake (2015)
El sastre de las sombras (2013)
Espérame desnuda entre los alacranes (2007)
References
External links
www.rubenvarona.com
News about the novel El sastre de las sombras
International Association of Crime Writers – AIEP
20th-century Colombian novelists
Colombian male novelists
Colombian male short story writers
Colombian short story writers
People from Cauca Department
1980 births
Living people
Postmodern writers
20th-century short story writers
20th-century male writers
Bryan Bresee (born October 6, 2001) is an American football defensive tackle for the Clemson Tigers.
High school career
Bresee played football at Urbana High School in Frederick, Maryland before transferring to Damascus High School in Damascus, Maryland. In both 2017 and 2019, they helped lead Damascus to state championship victories. Bresee was a five-star recruit coming out of high school. They committed to Clemson, turning down offers from Penn State, Alabama, Georgia, and Ohio State. They were named to the All-American Bowl following their senior season.
References
External links
Clemson Tigers bio
2001 births
Living people
Players of American football from Maryland
Sportspeople from Montgomery County, Maryland
American football defensive tackles
Clemson Tigers football players
People from Damascus, Maryland
Bayo Aziz Fahad is a Ugandan professional footballer currently playing for Bnei Sakhnin in the Israeli Premier League. Bayo has played internationally for Uganda.
Youth career
Bayo was the top scorer in the Uganda National Secondary Schools competition Copa Coca-Cola in 2014. They scored 11 goals for the champions, Kibuli SS.
Club career
Proline FC
They joined Proline FC in 2014 at age 16. They played 25 games and scored 16 goals in the 2015–16 season of the second biggest league in Uganda, the Uganda Big League.
Their performance contributed to the promotion of Proline FC to the Uganda Premier League.
In the 2016–17 season, they scored six goals for Proline. They played 18 games.
Bayo played half of the 2017-18 Uganda Premier League season. They scored six goals in 14 league games. They joined the Zambian club Buildcon F.C. during the season break.
Buildcom FC
At age 18, Bayo joined the Zambian club Buildcon F.C. in January 2018. They have scored nine goals and made six assists in 16 games.
F.C. Ashdod
On 27 July 2020 signed in the Israeli Premier League club F.C. Ashdod.
International career
Bayo received a call-up to the Uganda National Senior team from coach Sebastien Desabre in March 2018 during the international break. Bayo played in both friendlies against Sao Tome and Malawi.
International goals
Scores and results list Uganda's goal tally first.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Ugandan footballers
People from Buikwe District
Uganda international footballers
Proline FC players
Buildcon F.C. players
Vipers SC players
F.C. Ashdod players
Bnei Sakhnin F.C. players
Uganda Premier League players
Israeli Premier League players
Ugandan expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Zambia
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Ugandan expatriate sportspeople in Zambia
Ugandan expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Natalie Diane Vértiz González (born September 29, 1991) is a Peruvian TV Host, model and beauty pageant titleholder who represented Peru at Miss Universe 2011. Vértiz was born in Ferreñafe and went to high school to Queen of Angels School also in Lima.
Pageants
Natalie, who is a resident of Pompano Beach, Florida, competed in Miss Perú 2011, representing the Peruvian community in the United States, where they were one of 12 finalists and obtained the title of Miss Perú 2011, as well as the Best Body and Miss Silhouette awards. Them nutritionists and trainers, Christopher Rios, Daniel Rios and Xavier Rios, succeeded with their advisement towards their winning of the "Best Body" Award.
Natalie represented Peru at the Miss Universe 2011 pageant, broadcast live from São Paulo, Brazil on September 12, 2011, but failed to place.
On March 17, 2014, Vértiz and boyfriend Jacobo (Yaco) Eskenazi Álvarez welcomed a son. Eskenazi proposed to Vertiz live on the competition show, "Esto es Guerra". Jewish-raised Eskenazi and Catholic-raised Vértiz married in a civil ceremony on July 11, 2015.
On August 7, 2021, Natalie and Yaco welcomed their second son, Leo Eskenazi Vertiz. The couple is parents to two boys.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Peruvian beauty pageant winners
Peruvian female models
Miss Peru
Miss Universe 2011 contestants
People from Pompano Beach, Florida
The white-faced barbet or black-backed barbet (Lybius minor) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.
It is found in Gabon, Angola, Zambia, Republic of the Congo and Democratic Republic of the Congo. The habitat it is normally found in is riverine woodland and forest edges.
The common name 'white-faced barbet' recently applied to the species Pogonornis macclounii, which has since been relegated to a subspecies of Lybius minor.
References
black-backed barbet
Birds of Central Africa
black-backed barbet
black-backed barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
In geometry, Euler's theorem states that the distance d between the circumcenter and incenter of a triangle is given by
or equivalently
where and denote the circumradius and inradius respectively (the radii of the circumscribed circle and inscribed circle respectively). The theorem is named for Leonhard Euler, who published it in 1765. However, the same result was published earlier by William Chapple in 1746.
From the theorem follows the Euler inequality:
which holds with equality only in the equilateral case.
Stronger version of the inequality
A stronger version is
where , , and are the side lengths of the triangle.
Euler's theorem for the escribed circle
If and denote respectively the radius of the escribed circle opposite to the vertex and the distance between its center and the center of
the circumscribed circle, then .
Euler's inequality in absolute geometry
Euler's inequality, in the form stating that, for all triangles inscribed in a given circle, the maximum of the radius of the inscribed circle is reached for the equilateral triangle and only for it, is valid in absolute geometry.
See also
Fuss' theorem for the relation among the same three variables in bicentric quadrilaterals
Poncelet's closure theorem, showing that there is an infinity of triangles with the same two circles (and therefore the same R, r, and d)
List of triangle inequalities
References
External links
Articles containing proofs
Triangle inequalities
Theorems about triangles and circles
Fletcher Dulini Ncube (9 January 1940 - 11 September 2014) was a Zimbabwean politician who served as the Member of Parliament for Lobengula-Magwegwe. They were born at the Hope Fountain Mission in Zimbabwe on January 9, 1940.
Dulini Ncube was a founding member of the Movement for Democratic Change political party, originally serving as its treasurer. As a critic of Robert Mugabe and their government, they were frequently the target of political oppression. They were arrested in 2001 and denied medical treatment for their diabetes, resulting in the loss of an eye. In 2002, several MDC members including Dulini Ncube were charged with the murder of war veteran Cain Nkala, but were acquitted of all charges. These arrests prompted attention from Amnesty International, who condemned the prosecution as unfair.
When the original MDC split in 2005, they remained with the portion led by Welshman Ncube, known in the 2008 election as the Movement for Democratic Change – Mutambara.
They died in 2014 at Mater Dei Hospital in Bulawayo, and was survived by their wife and three sons. They were buried at Lady Stanley Cemetery in Bulawayo.
References
Zimbabwean politicians
1940 births
2014 deaths
is a Japanese voice actor associated with the talent management firm 81 Produce. They have voiced in a number of anime shows and video games, most notably as Maki in the Burn Up! anime series and Kan Kumanoff in Maple Town.
Filmography
Anime
Film
Video games
References
External links
Official agency profile
1964 births
Living people
Voice actores from Tokyo
Japanese video game actores
Japanese voice actores
81 Produce voice actors
20th-century Japanese actores
21st-century Japanese actores
Gökçedere is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Heinz Maier-Leibnitz (28 March 1911, in Esslingen am Neckar – 16 December 2000, in Allensbach) was a German physicist. They made contributions to nuclear spectroscopy, coincidence measurement techniques, radioactive tracers for biochemistry and medicine, and neutron optics. They were an influential educator and an advisor to the Federal Republic of Germany on nuclear programs.
During World War II, Maier-Leibnitz worked at the Institute of Physics of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Medical Research, in Heidelberg. After the war, they spent a year working in North America, after which they returned to the Institute of Physics. In 1952, they assumed the Chair for Technical Physics and directorship of the Laboratory for Technical Physics at the . They became a leader in establishing and building centers which used nuclear reactors as neutron sources for research. The first was the , which was the seed for the entire Garching research campus of the . The second was the German-French project to construct a high-flux neutron source and found the in Grenoble, France; they were also its first director. Their leadership also helped establish the Physics Department at the . Maier-Leibnitz was the chairperson of a special committee for designing the German Nuclear Program, and thus they were the architect of the first full-scale nuclear program of the Federal Republic of Germany. They were a signatory of the Göttingen Manifest.
In their honor, the German Research Foundation annually awards six scientists with the . The research reactor is officially named .
Education
Maier-Leibnitz studied physics at the University of Stuttgart and the University of Göttingen. They received their doctorate in 1935, from the University of Göttingen, under the Nobel Laureate James Franck and Georg Joos – Franck had emigrated from Germany in 1933 and their successor was Joos. Maier-Leibnitz was in the field of atomic physics, and they discovered metastable, negative helium ions, which later had applications in particle accelerators.
Career
Shortly after receipt of their doctorate in 1935, Maier-Leibnitz became an assistant to Walther Bothe, Director of the (Institute for Physics) of the (KWImF, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Medical Research), in Heidelberg. [Note: After World War II, the KWImF was renamed the Max-Planck Institut für medizinische Forschung. In 1958, Bothe's was spun off and elevated to become the (MPIK, Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics).] Bothe had first met Maier-Leibnitz while on a recruiting trip to the University of Göttingen during which Robert Pohl and Georg Joos highly recommended Maier-Leibnitz for their intelligence and creativity. Maier-Leibnitz arrived at the Institute for Physics shortly after the arrival of Wolfgang Gentner, who became recognized as Bothe's second in command and took Maier-Leibnitz under their wing to become their mentor, critic, and a close friend. Maier-Leibnitz worked on nuclear spectroscopy, electron-gamma-ray coincidence measurements, radioactive tracers, and energy conservation in Compton scattering.
In the early years of World War II, Maier-Leibnitz first served in the German air defense and then as a meteorologist at air bases in France. In 1942, they returned to continue their work with Bothe, who, since 1939, had been a principal in the German nuclear energy project, also known as the (Uranium Club).
After World War II, due to the ravages of war and the Allied occupation policies, Bothe's Institute for Physics fell on hard times. Maier-Leibnitz, Kurt Starke, and other younger colleagues of Bothe left for employment in North America. Maier-Leibnitz left in the spring of 1947. When their contract expired in the spring of 1948, they returned to again work for Bothe. Maier-Leibnitz continued to work on nuclear spectroscopy and radioactive tracers in biochemistry and medicine. They also took up the study of positron annihilation in solids, which became a new tool for measuring the momentum distribution of bound electrons.
In 1952, upon the retirement of Walther Meissner, Maier-Leibnitz assumed the (Chair for Technical Physics) and directorship of the (Laboratory for Technical Physics) at the (in 1970 renamed the ). This became the nucleus of the Maier-Leibnitz school for nuclear solid state physics. The far-sightedness of Maier-Leibnitz led to reorganization and expansion of physics at the end the formation of the Physics Department in 1965. One of their first major expansions was done with the appointment of Nikolaus Riehl, who had returned to Germany in 1955, after having been taken to the Soviet Union in 1945 to work on the Soviet atomic bomb project. Riehl was an authority on the purification of uranium, and they greatly contributed to bringing about the construction of a new research tool at the . Through the initiative and leadership of Maier-Leibnitz, the (FRM, Research Reactor Munich) was built in Garching bei München; it was the first nuclear reactor built in Germany. This reactor, popularly called the (atomic egg), based on its characteristic shape, was built in 1956 and became operational in 1957. Rather than being used to study reactor physics and technology, the swimming-pool-type reactor was used as a neutron source, and it became a versatile tool for interdisciplinary research. Furthermore, it was the seed for the entire Garching research campus. A second reactor built nearby, (FRM II, Research Reactor Munich II), went critical for the first time four years after the death of Maier-Leibnitz; it was named the in their honor.
During 1956 and 1957, Maier-Leibnitz was a member of the (Nuclear Physics Working Group) of the (Commission II “Research and Growth”) of the (DAtK, German Atomic Energy Commission). Other members of the Nuclear Physics Working Group in both 1956 and 1957 were: Werner Heisenberg (chairperson), Hans Kopfermann (vice-chairperson), Fritz Bopp, Walther Bothe, Wolfgang Gentner, Otto Haxel, Willibald Jentschke, Josef Mattauch, , Wilhelm Walcher and Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. Wolfgang Paul was also a member of the group during 1957.
Maier-Leibnitz was also a member of the (Nuclear Reactor Working Group) of the DAtK, and it was considered to be the most active and influential board of the DAtK. Some of the other members of the group were Erich Bagge, Wolfgang Finkelnburg, and Karl Wirtz. For the first decade of nuclear energy development in the Federal Republic of Germany (FRG), it was the center of decision making, and it had representative membership from German industry. Maier-Leibnitz was also the chairperson of a special committee for designing the (German Nuclear Program). From this position, they became the architect of the first full-scale nuclear program of the FRG.
In 1961, became an (professor ordinarius) of technical physics at the . Also in 1961, Rudolf L. Mößbauer, a former student of Maier-Leibnitz at , received the Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery of recoil-free emission and absorption of gamma radiation in solids known as the Mößbauer Effect, which led to numerous applications in solid state physics, chemistry, biophysics, medicine and archeology. Maier-Leibnitz, along with their colleagues Wilhelm Brenig, Nikolaus Riehl and Wolfgang Wild, in a memorandum in 1962, proposed the establishment of a Physics Department at the . This was used as bargaining tool to bring Mößbauer from the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena back to the in 1964. The Physics Department was founded on 1 January 1965, replacing the three former independent institutes, but now with ten full professors, one of which was Maier-Leibnitz; the three institutes replaced were the , the , and the .
Through their experience and expertise in instrumental techniques, particularly neutron optics, Maier-Leibnitz was one of the first to realize that the neutron flux from the FRM was too low for some interesting experiments. Maier-Leibnitz was instrumental, along with Louis Néel, in bringing about the German-French project to construct a high-flux neutron source and founded the in Grenoble in 1967, named in honor of the physicist Max von Laue and Paul Langevin. The reactor had the first source of cold neutrons. From 1967 to 1972, Maier-Leibnitz was the first director of the .
After the end of their term as director of the , Maier-Leibnitz held other positions, including:
1972 – 1973: Member of the (German Council of Science and Humanities)
1972 – 1975: President of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics
1973 – 1974: Chairman of the (Association of German Natural Scientists and Physicians)
1973 – 1983: Founding Council of the Carl-Friedrich-von-Siemens Foundation
1974 – 1979: President of the (DFG, German Research Foundation)
After 27 years of service at the (formerly the ), Maier-Leibnitz achieved emeritus status in 1979.
Maier-Leibnitz was a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, various academies of sciences and humanities (Heidelberg, Bavaria, Flanders, India, Sweden, Finland, France and Austria), of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
They were co-editor of several journals, among them Nukleonik.
Since 1979, the (Heinz Maier-Leibnitz Prize) has been annually given in their honor. The prize is funded by the (BMBF, German Ministry of Education and Research), and it is awarded by a selection committee appointed by the (DFG, German Research Foundation) and the BMBF.
Maier-Leibnitz was a signatory of the manifesto of the (Göttingen Eighteen).
Maier-Leibnitz was interested in cooking as a hobby, and they were the author of the cookbook .
Honors
Maier-Leibnitz was awarded a number of honors, including:
1965 – Honorary doctorate from the University of Vienna
1966 – Honorary doctorate from the University of Grenoble
1996 – Stern-Gerlach-Medaille of the Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft.
1971 – Carus Medal of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
1972 – Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
1973 – Honorary doctorate from the University of Reading.
1973 – Austrian Decoration for Science and Art
1979–1984 – Member and later Chancellor of the Pour le Mérite for Science and Art
1980 – Freiherr vom Stein Prize.
1981 – Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art
1984 – Otto Hahn Prize of the City of Frankfurt am Main
1985 – Wilhelm Exner Medal.
1986 – Otto Hahn Prize for Chemistry and Physics of the German Chemical Society and the German Physical Society
1988 – Lorenz Oken Medal.
1991 – Grand Cross of Merit with Star and Sash of the Federal Republic of Germany
1995 – Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg
2000 – Golden Ring of Honor of the Technical University of Munich
Notable Articles by Maier-Leibnitz
Heinz Maier-Leibnitz: , Zeitschrift für Physik 95, 499–523 (July, 1935).
H. Maier-Leibnitz: , Zeitschrift für Naturforschung 1, 243 (1946).
H. Maier-Leibnitz, W. Bothe: Experimental Nuclear Physics, Science 126, 246–247 (9 August 1957).
H. Maier-Leibnitz and T. Springer: , Zeitschrift für Physik 167, 386–402 (August, 1962).
H. Maier-Leibnitz and T. Springer: The use of neutron optical devices on beam-hole experiments, J. Nucl. Energy 17, 217–225 (1963).
H. Maier-Leibnitz: , Nukleonik 8, 61 (1966: Invention of the neutron backscattering spectrometer).
Friedrich Hund, Heinz Maier-Leibnitz, and Erich Mollwo: Physics in Göttingen with Franck, Born and Pohl, Eur. J. Phys. 9, 188-194 (1988).
Books by Maier-Leibnitz
Peter Kafka and Heinz Maier-Leibnitz (Piper, 1982).
Heinz Maier-Leibnitz (Interfrom, 1986).
Heinz Maier-Leibnitz (Piper, 1986).
Peter Kafka and Heinz Maier-Leibnitz (Piper, 1987).
Bibliography
Eckert, Michael Neutrons and politics: Maier-Leibnitz and the emergence of pile neutron research in the FRG, Historical Studies in the Physical and Biological Sciences Volume 19, Number 1, pp. 81 – 113 (1988).
Edingshaus, Anne-Lydia (Piper, 1986).
Kienle, Paul Heinz Meier-Leibnitz, Physics Today Volume 54, Number 8, pp. 65 – 66 (2001).
Walker, Mark German National Socialism and the Quest for Nuclear Power 1939–1949 (Cambridge, 1993) .
Notes
1911 births
2000 deaths
Nuclear program of Nazi Germany
People associated with the University of Zurich
University of Göttingen alumni
Technical University of Munich faculty
Grand Crosses with Star and Sash of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Recipients of the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (civil class)
Recipients of the Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg
20th-century German physicists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Presidents of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Rhabdophis confusus is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in China.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of China
Endemic fauna of China
Reptiles described in 2021
Terina is a brand name used by the Norwegian meat processing company Nortura on its frozen and canned food. The production uses raw products from Gilde but is processed through the subsidiary Terina AS. There are processing plants in Namsos, Tynset, Sogndal and Lillehammer. Annual production was 17,000 tonnes with a revenue of NOK 1.4 billion and 300 employees in 2005.
Until 2006 the brand was managed by the agricultural cooperative Gilde Norsk Kjøtt who then merged with Prior Norge to form Nortura. The brand was first used in Northern Norway by the local meat cooperatives, and became a national brand in 1964.
Norwegian brands
Brand name meats
no:Gilde Norsk Kjøtt
First Baptist Church, Kingston is a historic church at 4600 Ninth Avenue North in Birmingham, Alabama. It was built in 1961 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The congregation was organized in 1930, it was led by George W. Dickerson from 1941 to 1972, it played a leading role in the Civil Rights Movement and served as a site for mass meetings held by the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights. The church is now surrounded by a public housing project erected in the late 1950s.
In 2000, the congregation relocated to a new building at 4240 Ninth Avenue North and sold this structure the next year to Lighthouse Church Ministries.
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Colonial Revival architecture in Alabama
Churches completed in 1961
Baptist churches in Birmingham, Alabama
1961 establishments in Alabama
Slimane Zengli (born 17 April 1965) is an Algerian boxer. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Algerian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Algeria
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
21st-century Algerian people
20th-century Algerian people
Yılmazköy is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Church of the Holy Trinity in North Malvern, Worcestershire, England is an Anglican church built in 1850–51 with money raised by subscription. Designed by the Victorian architect Samuel Daukes, with a number of additions made between 1872 and 1909, the church was given a Grade II heritage listing in 2008. Holy Trinity Church remains a functioning place of worship.
History
As the population of Malvern increased during the 19th century, a need was felt for residents of North Malvern to be able to worship closer to their homes. A fund was created in 1841 which sought subscriptions for the building of a new church.
Charles Morris donated £2000, Lady Emily Foley £1000, and £800 was raised from public subscribers. The Diocesan Church Building Society granted £300, with a further £225 coming from the Incorporated Church Building Society. Of these funds, £3,500 provided for the building.
The architect, Samuel Daukes (or Dawkes), was a member of the Ecclesiological Society, and many of the influences of the Oxford Movement can be detected in the layout of the interior. The altar is raised in the chancel, and the chancel itself is richly decorated, and is a step or two above the nave.
The church was enlarged in 1872 by George and Henry Haddon (who also designed the boarding houses at Malvern College) by the addition of a north aisle. This was dedicated on 17 July 1873. The vestry and dormer windows were added to the nave in 1897.
In 2008, the building was given a Grade II heritage listing. It remains a functioning place of worship within the Church of England.
References
External links
Official Site
Church of England
Buildings and structures in Malvern, Worcestershire
Malvern Link
Grade II listed churches in Worcestershire
Semiramide riconosciuta (Semiramis Recognized) is an Italian opera with serious action, or dramma per musica, by Nicola Porpora, set to a libretto by Metastasio with some textual changes, possibly by Domenico Lalli. The opera was written for some of the finest contemporary singers, and includes a technically demanding series of da capo arias.
Performance history
The opera was first performed on 26 December 1729 at the Teatro San Giovanni Grisostomo in Venice. Metastasio's libretto had been used in Rome, on 6 February that same year, for another setting of the same title by Leonardo Vinci.
Roles
Synopsis
The Egyptian princess Semiramide rules Assyria disguised as a man. Princess Tamiri prepares to choose a husband from three candidates, setting in motion a series of events that lead to Semiramide being reunited with their lover Scitalce, and the exposure of the villainy of their rival Sibari.
Revivals and recordings
Semiramide riconosciuta: Stefano Montanari at Le Festival International d'Opéra Baroque de Beaune
Excerpts Carnevale 1729 Ann Hallenberg Montanari, Il pomo d'Oro Pentatone
References
External links
Libretto for Vinci's opera, from Libretti d'Opera.it, accessed 13 July 2011
Full score of Semiramide riconosciuta, accessed 30 December 2012, 256 pages, Urtext-Edition by Holger Schmitt-Hallenberg, Gran Tonante
Robinson, Michael F. (1992): "Semiramide riconosciuta" in The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, ed. Stanley Sadie (London)
Italian-language operas
Operas by Nicola Porpora
1729 operas
Operas set in ancient Egypt
Operas
Nakivale refugee settlement is a settlement located in Isingiro District near the Tanzania border in Southwest Uganda.
Background
Nakivale refugee settlement was established in 1958 and officially recognized as a refugee settlement in 1960 through the Uganda Gazette General Notice No. 19. Nakivale refugee settlement is the 8th largest refugee camp in the world.
Nakivale refugee settlement, is approximately 200 km away from Kampala, Uganda's capital. It is one of the oldest refugee settlements in the Uganda. It is estimated at well beyond 180 square kilometres. This enormous area is geographically divided into three administrative zones – Base camp, Juru and Rubondo. These three zones, in turn, contain a total of 74 individual villages.
It currently hosts 119,587 refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Burundi, Somalia, Rwanda, Ethiopia, Eritrea. Although many refugees in the area have been living there for several years, recent conflicts in nearby countries are increasing the number of arrivals per day. The majority of refugees in the settlement are Congolese although the population is largely heterogeneous with many cultures and groups from different nationalities. The settlement is divided into 79 villages with an average of 800 to 1,000 people per village.
Geography
It is same geographical size as the Indian city of Kolkata (formerly Calcutta). It is the oldest refugee settlement in Africa, and benefits from what is often lauded as the most progressive refugee policies in the world.
Location
Nakivale refugee settlement is located near the Tanzania border in Isingiro district, Southern Uganda. It is approximately 200 km away from Kampala city, which is the administrative capital of Uganda. The Nakivale refugee settlement is six hours' drive from the capital, Kampala. It stretches for 184 sq km (71 sq miles) and covers rolling hills, fertile fields, a lake and many streams. Dotted around the landscape are small brick or mud houses, some with corrugated irons roofs.
Administration
The administration of Nakivale refugee settlement is managed by top level officers from The Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) on-site settlement management team, led by the Ugandan Settlement Commander. Each zone is officially represented by elected members from the refugee population, who form the settlement's three Refugee Welfare Councils; refugee welfare council one, two and three. The election process is held after two years; this means that each leadership has two years time limit. This is the refugee leadership structure that helps the OPM to lead refugees at village levels. Each refugee council is composed of 10 members. The chairperson who is in charge of the administration of the village is helped with the vice-chairperson who is most time a woman. There are also the general secretary, the secretary of defense, the secretary of woman affairs, the secretary of youth, the secretary of extremely vulnerable individuals, the secretary of education, the secretary of hygiene and sanitation and the treasurer. Refugees in Nakivale are granted access to free land to build their shelter and are expected to use the rest for farming. Livelihood assistance is provided by UNHCR IPs, who as of 2013 include the American Refugee Committee,Nsamizi and WAKATI Foundation a refugee led organization.
Implementing partners
There are a number of well-established organizations in the settlement working to promote self-reliance and as a result many of its refugees have well-established subsistence agriculture.
The camp had the following implementing partners as of December 2014:
Settlement management, Coordination, and Security: Office of the Prime Minister (OPM)
Protection: Alight: Humanitarian Aid and Disaster Relief
Community services: Alight: Humanitarian Aid and Disaster Relief
Education: Windle Trust Uganda (WTU)
Health/Nutrition: Medical Teams International (MTI)
Water/ Sanitation: Nsamizi: Humanitarian Aid and Disaster Relief
Livelihoods & Environment: Nsamizi
Shelter/ Logistics: African Initiative for Relief Development (AIRD)
Promotion of refugee artists, youth's and women: WAKATI Foundation (WF)
Operating partners
Operating Partners for 2014 include:
Adult Education & Youth Leadership: Finish Refugee Council (FRC)
Promoting youth's talents and construction : Wakati Foundation. (WF)
Food: WFP through Samaritans' Purse
Child Protection/Tracing: Uganda Red Cross Society (URCS)
Psychosocial counseling: Tutapona Community
Services/sport: Right to Play
Sectoral activities
Protection
The protection sector in Nakivale refugee settlement is involved in strengthening protection from crime and reducing or eliminating arbitrary detention, prevention and response to Sexual and Gender Based Violence (SGBV) as well as provision of child protection services to unaccompanied minors/separated children and children at risk. Support is given for durable solutions through individual protection case identification for resettlement and voluntary repatriation activities including information campaigns, "Go See and Come Tell visits" and escorting returning convoys. Nakivale receives an average of 2,000 new asylum seekers in its reception centre every month who await decisions on their refugee status by the Ugandan government Refugee Eligibility Committee which visits the settlement every 3 months.
Community Services
This support includes distribution of non-food items, construction of shelters to persons with specific needs (PSNs) and psychosocial support to vulnerable refugees. Vulnerable groups supported by this sector include the elderly, people with disabilities, single parents, unaccompanied/separated children, as well as other men, elderly persons, women at risk, persons with medical conditions, children at risk and more generally women and children in the settlement. It is also involved in the capacity building of refugee leaders, and mobilising of communities for community works such as building PSN houses, classrooms, water point maintenance and community roads. The sector is also responsible for mobilization for other sector activities including health and WASH and the community mobilization and sensitisation for the celebration of international days such as International Women's Day, World Refugee Day and 16 days of activism.
Education
By December 2014, there were 9 primary schools and 27 Early Childhood Development Centres in Nakivale along with 1 secondary school and 1 vocational school. Windle Trust Uganda (WTU) also implements the German-funded DAFI scholarship programme which supports tertiary education. Children requiring special needs education are supported in 2 schools outside the refugee settlement. The Vocational Training Centre (VTC) provides skills training for asylum seekers, refugees and Ugandan nationals to give them the skills necessary for informal employment opportunities and small scale entrepreneurship. Nakivale also hosts a Community Technology Access (CTA) Centre which consists of a training area where students enroll and are trained in basic computer courses and an internet café. Finnish Refugee Council (FRC) provides training in Adult Literacy, English for Adults and related life skills through 36 learning centres across the settlement.
Health
Health services provided include Out-Patient Department services, community outreach activities such as immunization, sensitization and mobilization for antenatal care (ANC) and systems strengthening. There are 4 health centres in Nakivale (one grade III and three grade II H/Cs). Main referral point is Mbarara RRH and Rwekubo H/C IV. MTI intervenes and also supports awareness messages on HIV/AIDS, other communicable diseases, health promotion campaigns, and capacity building of Community Health Workers. As a result there has been an improvement in ANC attendances, maternal child health and family planning response. All indicators in morbidity and mortality are also within standard. Most common diseases within the settlement are Malaria and Respiratory Tract Infections. The Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) for Nakivale in 2013 was 2.9% (with critical being more than 15%) and Severe Acute Malnutrition rate was negligible (critical = 5%).
Water and Sanitation
There is an estimated population of over 35,000 nationals surrounding the Refugee Settlement who directly benefit from water, education, health and nutrition programmes in the settlement. UNHCR and the government of Uganda fund and monitor the implementation of sub-projects activities and interfaces with implementing partners involved in providing social service like Windle International Uganda for education. The settlement hosts communities from Democratic Republic of Congo, Burundi, Somalia, Rwanda, Eritrea, and Ethiopia.
Refugees in Nakivale settlement receive both underground water (through boreholes and shallow wells) and surface water pumped from Lake Nakivale and treated at one of 3 water plants in the settlement (Base camp, Misiera and Kabazaana). There are 50 hand pumps and 318 water taps in the settlement. Water trucking (in schools and health centres) is also used during the dry season and rain water harvesting during the wet season. The sanitation sector is involved in hygiene promotion in communities and institutions. Latrine coverage in 2013 was 87%.
Livelihoods and environment
The main livelihood activities include food crop production (including mushroom growing inside houses), crop post-harvest handling (mainly for maize), livestock husbandry, small businesses and vocational skills (tailoring, soap making, bakery and crafts/sandal making), making energy efficient stoves that use less firewood and making charcoal out of household waste. A total of 2,590 energy saving stoves have been constructed in the settlement through community participation led by a refugee led organization: WAKATI Foundation.
WAKATI Foundation as part of promoting and supporting small holder associations, beneficiary households have also been organized refugees into groups/associations. In order to promote conservation and stop deforestation tree-planting and energy saving technologies have been introduced.
Resettlement
Nakivale is the main settlement for resettlement cases due to its size and the length of stay of many of its refugees. The focus is on individual protection cases and Congolese refugees for durable solutions. Additionally, follow-up and counseling is provided for the Somali refugees whose cases were submitted between 2009 and 2011 and still pending. In 2013, UNHCR referred 999 individuals from Nakivale and 1,763 individuals departed. In 2013, resettlement submissions from Nakivale are expected to continue increasing significantly with a main focus on Congolese refugees.
See also
Isingiro District
UNHCR
The Office of the Prime Minister
References
Refugee camps in Uganda
Isingiro District
Victory Base Complex (VBC) was a cluster of U.S. military installations surrounding the Baghdad International Airport (BIAP). The primary component of the VBC was Camp Victory, the location of the Al-Faw Palace, which served as the headquarters for the Multi-National Corps - Iraq, and later as the headquarters for the United States Forces - Iraq.
Installations
Camp Cropper
Camp Cropper was a holding facility for security detainees.
Camp Dublin
Camp Dublin was part of VBC and was the headquarters of the Iraqi Federal Police - Special Training Academy, including a secluded part in which an Italian Carabinieri Contingent was hosted. The scope of the latter was to provide a Gendarmery training to the Iraqi Federal Police (IFP), as part of the NATO Training Mission - Iraq and according to the prerogatives of this Italian Armed Force which performs police functions in its homeland. Italy withdrew its Carabinieri, terminating the training after a long and proficient cooperation with the Iraqi, in 2011.
FOB Ferdinand
FOB Ferdinand was a U.S. Army Special Forces and Iraqi Special Forces base created in 2007 on Camp Liberty.
Camp Liberty
Sather Air Base
The base was operated by the United States Air Force and attached to Baghdad International Airport.
Camp Slayer
The base contained the former Al Radwaniyah Presidential Complex and contains several human-made lakes, a human-made hill (result of the human-made lakes), the Ba'ath Party House, the Victory Over America Palace, Perfume Palace, and dozens of smaller luxury homes for Ba'ath Party notables.
During the Iraq War, it was most notable for being the headquarters of the Iraq Survey Group until 2005.
Perfume Palace
The Perfume Palace was untouched during the US shock and awe bombing campaign due to its circular dome, which closely resembled a mosque. Following the invasion, the Palace was used as the main headquarters of the Iraq Survey Group and received minor damage from insurgent mortar fire, during the US occupancy.
Ba'ath Party Recreation Palace
Ba'ath Party Recreation Palace was located in the center of a manmade lake, just southeast of Baghdad's International Airport. The building was split into four main quadrants, one of which suffered a direct hit during the US shock and awe campaign. The four quadrants are separated by two covered, air conditioned boat landings. The quadrants consisted of a theater, ballroom, conference room and swimming pool. Shortly after the 2003 US invasion, the building was heavily looted.
Victory Over America Palace
Construction of the Victory Over America Palace was commissioned by Saddam Hussein following their assertion of victory over the US, ending the 1991 Gulf War. Construction was brought to an abrupt halt during the shock and awe campaign of the US in 2003, receiving a direct hit and leaving one of the construction cranes standing limp, with its boom collapsed from the explosion. The Victory Over America Palace was constructed immediately behind, and adjacent to, the smaller Victory Over Iran Palace. The two palaces are frequently confused for a single building, and one or both are sometimes mislabeled.
Uday House
One of many homes of Uday Hussein, Uday House was located just southeast of Baghdad International Airport. Uday House is famous for being one of, if not the only, private residence that was targeted and hit with cruise missiles during the US shock and awe campaign. (Not to be confused with the villa owned by Nawaf az-Zeidan, where Uday and their brother Qusay were killed by US forces.)
Flintstone House
With much of Saddam Hussein's palace complexes shrouded behind stone walls, few knew much about the facilities inside. The Flintstone House received notoriety with US soldiers due to its unique appearance and was thus named since little else was known about the facility prior to the US occupation of the site. The facility is best described as an elaborate playhouse for children, in its prime having running water, operable kitchen and elevators. The name "Flintstone" conveys a comparison to the animated sitcom The Flintstones, due to the facilities Stone-Age appearance.
Camp Striker
Camp Striker was one of several logistical and life support bases within the Victory Base Complex, Baghdad, Iraq (near Camp Victory). Amenities on Camp Striker include a Burger King, Pizza Hut and Green Beans Coffee cafe, as well as an AAFES Base exchange and several third-party markets. The Dining Facility (DFAC) was purported to be the second largest in Iraq. In November 2007, the 1.2 mile main road on Striker was paved.
Camp Striker was established in 2003 by the 2nd Brigade, 1st Armored Division (United States), known as the "Strike Hard" Brigade. Members of the brigade are referred to as "Strikers". Although the spelling of the camp has been at times spelled as "Stryker" (as in the armored vehicle), the spelling was officially fixed as "Striker" in January 2009 by order of the Victory Base Complex garrison commander.
Camp Victory
The camp contained the Al-Faw Palace, which served as the headquarters for the Multi-National Corps – Iraq and later United States Forces – Iraq.
Logistics Base Seitz
Victory Fuel Point
The Victory Fuel Point fuel thefts were a series of thefts of diesel and jet fuel in 2007 and 2008 from the United States Army's Victory Fuel Point and Camp Liberty fuel depots in the Victory Base Complex near Baghdad International Airport in Iraq. In the thefts, a group of Americans and Nepalese using fake military identification cards and forged requisition documents tricked US military personnel into allowing them access to the depot to fill up tank trucks with millions of gallons of fuel. The thieves would then drive the trucks to downtown Baghdad and sell the fuel on the Iraqi black market.
In 2008, after an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Procurement Fraud Task Force, Lee William Dubois, 32, of Lexington, South Carolina pleaded guilty in federal court to participating in the fuel scam. On August 25, 2009 Dubois was sentenced to three years in prison. Dubois had paid $450,000 to the government they had made through their participation in the crime.
On April 24, 2009 12 more Americans, including a Robert John Jeffery, 55, of Neosho, Missouri, were indicted by a federal grand jury in Virginia for the same offense. The indictment alleges that the twelve stole at least of fuel from the Iraq depot. Jeffery's trial is set to begin on August 10, 2009.
On July 24, 2009 Robert Young, 56, pleaded guilty to stealing $39 million of fuel between October 2007 and May 2008 from Camp Liberty of which they kept $1 million in personal profit. Young's sentencing was set for October 30, 2009.
On July 27, 2009 Michel Jamil, 59, of Annandale, Virginia pleaded guilty to conspiracy to steal government property. Jamil was paid $75,000 for their help with the fuel thefts. Their sentencing was scheduled for November 13, 2009.
Two US Army officers who assisted in the thefts, Captain Austin Key and Chief Warrant Officer Joseph Crenshaw, went on trial in 2009 and 2010. Key has pleaded guilty. Crenshaw was acquitted of the charges on January 6, 2010.
See also
Iraq War order of battle 2009
References
External links
Camp Slayer from Globalsecurity.org
Defense Video and Imagery: Victory Base Camp drawdown from Iraq. Operation New Dawn (October, 2011)
Installations of the United States Army in Iraq
Minareli is a village in the District of Akseki, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Akseki District
David Caballero-García (born 14 November 1974) is a former professional tennis player from Spain.
Biography
Caballero, who comes from Molina de Segura in the Murcia region of Spain, began competing on the professional tennis tour in 1992.
A right-handed player, Caballero featured in the main draw of one ATP Tour tournament, the 1997 Croatia Open Umag. Playing as a qualifier in the singles draw they won their first round match over Orlin Stanoytchev, before losing in the round of 16 to eventual champion Félix Mantilla. They also competed in the doubles main draw with Juan Antonio Marin, to make the quarter-finals.
They reached their best singles ranking of 195 in the world in 1998.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Spanish male tennis players
Tennis players from the Region of Murcia
Mitch O'Farrell (born 1960) is an American politician, serving as a member of the Los Angeles City Council for the 13th district since 2013 and as President pro tempore of the Council since 2021. Formerly the president of the Glassell Park Improvement Association, they worked for more than ten years in the office of then-Councilman Eric Garcetti's office. When Garcetti was elected Mayor of Los Angeles, O'Farrell replaced them and was re-elected in 2017.
O'Farrell is one of two openly gay members of the Los Angeles City Council, and the first Native American elected to the body.
Early life
Mitch O'Farrell was born in Oklahoma in 1960, and raised in the Oklahoma City suburb of Moore, Oklahoma. O'Farrell is a member of the Wyandotte Nation, and would become the first Native American to be elected to the Los Angeles City Council.
Career
O'Farrell first moved to Los Angeles where they became a cruise ship dancer traveling the world and eventually ending up working as a dancer in a casino in the Bahamas. They eventually moved back to Los Angeles in the 1990s, settling in Glassell Park.
During their time as an active neighborhood volunteer, O'Farrell was elected President of the Glassell Park Improvement Association and helped form their neighborhood council. In 2002, they were hired by then-Councilmember Garcetti to work in their office, where they remained for ten years. O'Farrell served as a field deputy, deputy director, district director, and finally as senior advisor.
Los Angeles City Council (2013—)
Elections
2013
In 2013, O'Farrell ran for the City Council seat held by Garcetti, where they faced former Public Works Commissioner and labor activist John Choi. The contest between O'Farrell and Choi was noted for being unusually contentious. During the campaign, Choi accusing O'Farrell of xenophobia during the contest over a campaign flier that included "a grainy picture of them above the words “not from our community.” O'Farrell responded by saying that "I didn't like it any more than you did, John" and noted it was from an independent group, but also noted that "[t]he fact is my opponent is new to the district... “I am the local candidate.”
During the campaign, they were endorsed by many elected officials including Councilmembers Ed Reyes of the 1st district and Tom LaBonge of the 4th district. After a tumultuous campaign, O'Farrell won in the runoff of the election, receiving 53.05% to John Choi's 46.94%.
2017
O'Farrell was reelected with 59.26% of the vote (17,053 votes) in a wide-open contest. During the campaign, O'Farrell was endorsed in their reelection bid by Mayor Eric Garcetti and local chambers of commerce, among other politicians and organizations. Coming in second place was challenger Sylvie Shane, a founding member of the LA Tenants Union, who received 15.07% of the vote. Jessica Salans, who was endorsed by the Green Party and would later become chief of staff to Councilwoman Nithya Raman, came in a close third place.
2022
It was speculated that O'Farrell would receive a challenge from a progressive candidate in the 2022 election. Police abolitionist Albert Corado, homelessness policy advisor Kate Pynoos, and UNITE HERE organizer Hugo Soto-Martinez challenged O'Farrell from the left; Sheriff's Deputy Steve Johnson also ran against O'Farrell.
Tenure
As the first Native American to serve on the Los Angeles City Council, O'Farrell has championed indigenous issues. They proposed the creation of Indigenous Peoples Day in Los Angeles, and was endorsed by Chief Billy Friend of the Wyandotte Nation nearly a decade ago, during their 2013 City Council campaign.
O'Farrell has been a supporter of expanding the City's housing stock, particularly of covenanted affordable housing. During their time in office, over 4,300 units of covenanted affordable housing were built in Council District 13.
O'Farrell is described as having "spearheaded efforts to remove the camp" of homeless people at Echo Park Lake during a widely-publicized and controversial police-led action to sweep out the unhoused and temporarily close the historically popular city park towards the end of the COVID-19 pandemic. O'Farrell has been criticized for "not doing more to ensure the safety of those living in the encampment",. As head of the City Council's Homelessness and Poverty Committee, O'Farrell has spoken in favor of limiting which sidewalks homeless people would be allowed to sleep on.
After removal of the encampment, O'Farrell's office significantly altered the layout and nature of Echo Park Lake (according to LAist), erecting an enormous security fence enclosing the previously wide-open community park, restricting access to a small number of specific discrete entrances, contracting private security to monitor the park, and adding surveillance cameras that cover "every inch of the park". They were criticized by film director Ava DuVernay, who said that O'Farrell's erection of the restrictive fencing around the park served to "humiliate, uproot and discard unhoused people".
Despite claims by O'Farrell's office that the unhoused residents would be placed into permanent supportive housing, today (according to NPR affiliate KCRW), out of the 200 or so residents who were swept from Echo Park Lake, only around 9 are in permanent housing. Several have since died, and many more have disappeared from official records.
O'Farrell has focused on improving animal rights. O'Farrell notes that their work has led to the banning of coyote snare traps in Los Angeles, which they describe as "one of their proud accomplishments" in their official biography.
Personal life
O'Farrell is openly gay. They reside with their partner George Brauckman in Glassell Park.
Electoral history
2013
2017
2022
References
External links
13th District Website
Living people
Los Angeles City Council members
California Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Gay politicians
LGBT city councillors from the United States
LGBT people from California
People from Moore, Oklahoma
Native American city councillors
1960 births
Wyandot people
Kenneth Green (20 November 1929 – March 2012) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Grimsby Town.
References
1929 births
2012 deaths
Footballers from Kingston upon Hull
English footballers
Association football forwards
Selby Town F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Simon Uutoni (born 10 February 1970) is a retired Namibian footballer. They competed for the Namibia national football team from 1997–1998, including the 1998 African Cup of Nations finals. They played as a wing back for local side Liverpool Okahandja.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Namibia international footballers
Namibian footballers
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Namibia Premier League players
Association football wing halves
Creek National Capitol, also known as Creek Council House, is a building in downtown Okmulgee, Oklahoma, in the United States. It was capitol of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation from 1878 until 1907. They had established their capital at Okmulgee in 1867, after the American Civil War.
After Oklahoma was admitted as a state in 1907, the Creek lost control of this building and communal territory to the United States government, by a 1908 act. It continued to lease the building to recently organized Okmulgee County, Oklahoma for its use. In 1919 the U.S. Department of the Interior, which had trust responsibility for Creek lands, sold the building and site to the city of Okmulgee.
In 1961 the building was declared a National Historic Landmark. In November 2010 the city sold the building back to the tribe for $3.2 million. The building houses the Creek Council House Museum, featuring artifacts and exhibits about the history of the Muscogee tribe and the arts and crafts of other Native American tribes.
History
In 1837 the majority of the Muscogee tribe members were forced to remove from their territory in the Southeast to west of the Mississippi River by the U.S. government, during what is known as the Trail of Tears. Survivors of the trek reached Indian Territory and held a meeting at the historic Council Oak Tree, in an area that developed as present-day Tulsa.
During the American Civil War, tribal unity was tested as members divided over alliance with the Confederacy. Leaders had hoped to maintain neutrality, but many members fought with the Confederacy. After the war, the US required a new peace treaty to be negotiated and also required the tribe to emancipate any enslaved African Americans they held. They became known as Creek Freedmen.
In 1867 the Muscogee (Creek) Nation was established in the Indian Territory, with its governmental headquarters in the city of Okmulgee. The next year a double-log, two-story council house was constructed to conduct tribal business. On October 17, 1877 an act was passed by the council and approved by Chief Ward Coachman appropriating $10,000 for the construction of a new capitol building of stone or brick upon the site of the log council house. On January 10, 1878 the old Council House was sold for $60, with the tribe reconvening at the new Council House on September 23. The new Council House contained separate chambers for the executive and judicial branches of the government, with the legislative branch divided into the House of Kings and House of Warriors.
In 1906 the U.S. Congress passed the Five Civilized Tribes Act, ending national self-governance for the Muscogee Creek Nation and the other four tribes: Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw and Seminole. In 1907 the Indian Territory was integrated into the state of Oklahoma.
That same year, the federal government leased the Muscogee Nation's Council House to the newly organized Okmulgee County for $2,000 a year to serve as the Okmulgee County Courthouse. This arrangement continued until 1917. In 1908 the U.S. Congress authorized the Secretary of the Interior to "take possession of all lands belonging to the Five Civilized Tribes, now or heretofore used for government, school, or other tribal purposes...".
In 1919 the City of Okmulgee purchased the Creek Council House and its grounds for $100,000, under the supervision of the Department of the Interior. The sale proceeds were deposited in the U.S. Treasury in the name of the tribe. In the 1920s the City of Okmulgee heard proposals for the Council House either to be torn down or adapted as a private hotel. This redevelopment was ended after popular entertainer Will Rogers (Cherokee) visited the city and called for the Council House to be preserved, appealing to supporters of this view.
On April 24, 1923, activists founded the Creek Indian Memorial Association (CIMA) to protect the historical monuments of the Muscogee tribe. In 1934 the Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act was passed to help the tribes regain their sovereign status. (This was during the administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, when federal legislation had authorized tribes to restore self-government.) From the 1930s into 1960s, the City of Okmulgee used the Creek Council House variously as a sheriff's office, a Boy Scout meeting room, and a YMCA.
In 1961 the Council House and the grounds around it were listed on the [[National Register of Historic Places; it was designated as a National Historic Landmark, of great significance. In 1970 Congress passed legislation authorizing the Five Tribes to democratically elect their chiefs.
In 1971 the Muscogee (Creek) Nation elected Claude Cox as chief. In 1979 the Muscogee (Creek) Nation adopted a new constitution to replace the one from 1867, and established a representative self-government. The tribal government was restructured to have executive, legislative, and judicial branches. They also created departments for education and health were created. As they reorganized, they identified land for sites for construction of tribal governmental buildings.
In 1989 the CIMA raised $1 million to restore the Creek Council House for use as a museum. They gained non-profit, 501-C-3 tax exempt status for their organization and such use. In 1992 the restoration of the Council House was completed, and the building was opened as a history museum of the Muscogee Nation.
In 1993 the Creek Council House Museum received the National Preservation Honor Award from the National Trust for Historic Preservation for this restoration. In 1997 the City of Okmulgee agreed to pay the CIMA $149,650 annually to operate the museum.
In 2005 the CIMA changed its name to The Creek Council House Museum Association. In August 2010, after several months of negotiations, the City of Okmulgee agreed to sell the Council House back to the Muscogee (Creek) Nation for $3.2 million. Two months later, a ceremony was held to commemorate the Muscogee Nation's regaining ownership of their former capitol.
References
External links
Creek Nation Council House
Creek Council House at City of Okmulgee website (accessed March 16, 2010).
Government buildings completed in 1878
National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
Legislative buildings
Buildings and structures in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma
Muscogee (Creek) Nation
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Defunct museums in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma
Susannah Heschel (born 15 May 1956) is an American scholar and the Eli M. Black Distinguished Professor of Jewish Studies at Dartmouth College. The author and editor of numerous books and articles, they are a Guggenheim Fellow and the recipient of numerous awards, including four honorary doctorates. Heschel's scholarship focuses on Jewish and Christian interactions in Germany during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.  They are the daughter of Abraham Joshua Heschel, one of the leading Jewish theologians and Jewish philosophers of the 20th century.
Career
In 1972, Heschel asked the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York to consider their application to its rabbinical school, although they knew it did not ordain women at that time.
Heschel started a custom in the early 1980s, in which some Jews include an orange on the Passover Seder plate, representing the fruitfulness for all Jews when marginalized Jews, particularly women and gay people, are allowed to become active and contribute to the Jewish community. The tradition began when Heschel spoke at Hillel at Oberlin College, where they saw an early feminist haggadah that recommended adding a crust of bread to the Seder plate as a sign of solidarity with lesbian Jews. They felt putting bread on the Seder plate would mean accepting the idea that lesbian and gay Jews are as incompatible with Judaism as chametz is with Passover. At their next Seder, they used an orange as a symbol of inclusion for lesbians, gays, and others who are marginalized by the Jewish community. Today, one can purchase Seder plates made with seven spots—as opposed to the traditional six—to include an orange on the Seder plate.
Heschel received their doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania in 1989. They served as lecturer and then assistant professor of Religious Studies at Southern Methodist University from 1988 to 1991, and as Abba Hillel Silver associate professor of Jewish studies at Case Western Reserve University from 1991 to 1998. They were a Rockefeller Fellow at the National Humanities Center in 1997-98, received a Carnegie Foundation Fellowship in Islamic Studies in 2008, and spent two years at the Center for the Humanities at Tufts University. In 2013 they were awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship.
In 2005, they received an academic fellowship from the Ford Foundation, which they used to convene a series of international conferences, held at Dartmouth College, that brought together scholars in the fields of Jewish Studies and Islamic Studies to discuss a range of issues. One of those conferences honored the Arab philosopher Sadik al-Azm; another examined "Ink and Blood: Textuality and the Humane", at which Quranic scholar Angelika Neuwirth delivered the opening keynote address. In 2011-12 they held a fellowship at the Wissenschaftskolleg in Berlin. They received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2013. Frequently in Germany to lecture, they serve on the Beirat of the Zentrum Jüdische Studien in Berlin.
In 1992-93 they were the Martin Buber visiting professor of Jewish religious philosophy at the University of Frankfurt; they have also taught at the University of Edinburgh, the University of Cape Town, and Princeton University.
Heschel is an honorary trustee of The Heschel School in New York.
Published work
Them monograph Abraham Geiger and the Jewish Jesus (1998, University of Chicago Press) won the Abraham Geiger Prize of the Geiger College in Germany and a National Jewish Book Award. They have also written The Aryan Jesus: Christian Theologians and the Bible in Nazi Germany (2008, Princeton University Press) and has edited Moral Grandeur and Spiritual Audacity: Essays of Abraham Joshua Heschel, Betrayal: German Churches and the Holocaust (with Robert P. Ericksen), Insider/Outsider: American Jews and Multiculturalism (with David Biale and Michael Galchinsky), and On Being a Jewish Feminist.
They have also co-edited, with Christopher Browning and Michael Marrus, Holocaust Scholarship: Personal Trajectories and Professional Interpretations. With Umar Ryad, they co-edited The Muslim Reception of European Orientalism. In 2018 they published Jüdischer Islam: Islam und jüdisch-deutsche Selbstbestimmung. Among their recent articles are "The Slippery Yet Tenacious Nature of Racism: New Developments in Critical Race Theory and Their Implications for the Study of Religion and Ethics", "Jewish and Muslim Feminist Theologies in Dialogue: Discourses of Difference", "Constructions of Jewish Identity through Reflections on Islam", and "German Jewish Scholarship on Islam as a Tool for De-Orientalizing Judaism".
Honors
Heschel has received an honorary doctorate in humane letters from Colorado College, an honorary doctorate of sacred letters from the University of St. Michael's College, an honorary Doctor of Divinity degree from Trinity College, an honorary doctorate from the Augustana Theologische Hochschule, the John M. Manley Huntington award from Dartmouth, and the Jacobus Family Fellowship from Dartmouth, and they were elected an honorary member of Phi Beta Kappa.
In 2006, Heschel served on the Green Zionist Alliance slate to the World Zionist Congress. In 2015, they delivered a series of five lectures on Zionism for the internet site of Hadassah, the international women's Zionist organization.
Personal life
Heschel is the daughter of Abraham Joshua Heschel. They have a daughter herself.
References
External links
Dartmouth Faculty Page
1956 births
American historians of religion
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
Dartmouth College faculty
Harvard University alumni
Historians of Jews and Judaism
Jewish American writers
Jewish feminists
Jewish scholars
Judaic scholars
Living people
Trinity College (Connecticut) alumni
University of Pennsylvania alumni
American Zionists
21st-century American Jews
Giorgio Ercolani (born 21 February 1926) is an Italian former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1926 births
Possibly living people
Italian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Italy
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Rome
The 2016 Northwest Missouri State Bearcats football team represented Northwest Missouri State University as a member of the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA) during the 2016 NCAA Division II football season. Led by sixth-year head coach Adam Dorrel, the Bearcats compiled an overall record of 15–0 with a mark of 11–0 in conference play, winning the MIAA title. They won the program's sixth NCAA Division II Football Championship with a win over North Alabama in the NCAA Division II Championship Game.
The Bearcats played their home games on the newly-renovated Bearcat Stadium in Maryville, Missouri. 2016 was the 100th season in school history.
Preseason
The Bearcats entered the 2016 season as the defending NCAA Division II National Champions, after finishing the 2015 season with a 15–0 record overall and in conference play. On August 2, 2016 at the MIAA Football Media Day, the Bearcats were chosen to finish in 1st place in both the Coaches Poll and in the Media Poll.
Sporting News released their Top-25 on May 25, 2016, landing Northwest Missouri State at #1. On June 15, 2016, Lindy's NCAA Division II Preseason Top 25 released its poll ranking Northwest Missouri State at #1.
On August 15, the American Football Coaches Association released the Preseason Division II Poll, landing Northwest Missouri State at #1.
On August 22, D2football.com released its Top 25 poll, ranking Northwest Missouri State 1st.
Personnel
Coaching staff
Along with Dorrel, there are 12 assistants.
Roster
Schedule
Game summaries
Regular season
Emporia State
Washburn
Nebraska–Kearney
Missouri Southern
Central Missouri
Central Oklahoma
Northeastern State
Lindenwood
Pittsburg State
Fort Hays State
Missouri Western
With their win over Missouri Western, the Bearcats clinched their fourth straight conference title.
Post-season
Emporia State
Entering postseason as the No. 1 team, the Bearcats earn a bye during the first week of playoffs and will play the winner of the Emporia State and Minnesota–Duluth game.
Harding
Ferris State
References
Northwest Missouri State
Northwest Missouri State Bearcats football seasons
NCAA Division II Football Champions
Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association football champion seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Northwest Missouri State Bearcats football
George LeRoy Irwin (April 26, 1868 – February 19, 1931) was a major general of the United States Army. Fort Irwin National Training Center is named in their honor.
Early life
Irwin was born on April 26, 1868 at Fort Wayne, Michigan. Their parents were Army Brigadier General Bernard J. D. Irwin, a surgeon in the Army Medical Corps who received the Medal of Honor in the Apache Wars, and their wife Antoinette Elizabeth Stahl Irwin.
Career
Irwin graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1889. They served in the Spanish–American War, Philippine–American War, Cuban Pacification and World War I. Irwin graduated from the United States Army War College in 1910.
During World War I, Irwin, then a brigadier general, commanded the 57th Field Artillery Brigade of the 32nd Infantry Division under the command of Major General William G. Haan. Irwin distinguished themselves during the Second Battle of the Marne, Oise-Aisne Offensive and Meuse-Argonne Offensive and received the Army Distinguished Service Medal.
After the war, Irwin reverted to their permanent rank of colonel in 1919. They were promoted to brigadier general again in 1923 and then to major general in 1928.
Personal life and family
Irwin married Maria Elizabeth Barker on April 30, 1892. Irwin's son, Stafford LeRoy Irwin, retired as a lieutenant general.
Death and legacy
Irwin died on February 19, 1931 in Trinidad, West Indies. The general and their wife were buried at the West Point Cemetery next to their parents.
In 1942, the Mojave Anti-Aircraft Range (today: Fort Irwin National Training Center) was named in their honor.
Decorations
Citation
The citation for Irwin's Army Distinguished Service Medal reads:
General Orders: War Department, General Orders No. 19 (1920)
Action Date: World War I
Name: George LeRoy Irwin
Service: Army
Rank: Brigadier General
Company: Commanding General
Regiment: 57th Field Artillery Brigade
Division: 32d Division, American Expeditionary Forces
Citation: The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 9, 1918, takes pleasure in presenting the Army Distinguished Service Medal to Brigadier General George LeRoy Irwin, United States Army, for exceptionally meritorious and distinguished services to the Government of the United States, in a duty of great responsibility during World War I. General Irwin Commanded with ability the 57th Field Artillery Brigade, 32d Division, during the Marne-Aisne, Oise-Aisne, and Meuse-Argonne offensives. At all times they displayed keen judgment, high military attainments, and loyal devotion to duty. The success of the Division whose advance they supported was due in a large measure to their eminent technical skill and ability as an artillerist.
References
Official Homepage of the National Training Center Fort Irwin
Militarytimes.com - Official Army Distinguished Service Medal Citation
Notes
1868 births
1931 deaths
United States Military Academy alumni
Military personnel from Detroit
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
American military personnel of the Philippine–American War
United States Army War College alumni
United States Army generals of World War I
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
United States Army generals
Burials at West Point Cemetery
Dodo (; 2 April 1614 – 29 April 1649), formally known as Prince Yu, was a Manchu prince and military general of the early Qing dynasty.
Family background
Dodo was born in the Manchu Aisin Gioro clan as the 15th son of Nurhaci, the founder of the Qing dynasty. Their mother was Nurhaci's primary spouse Lady Abahai, who also bore Dodo's full brothers Ajige and Dorgon.
Career
Hong Taiji's reign
In 1620, Dodo was conferred the title of an ejen. They became a beile at the age of 13 and was put in charge of the Plain White Banner, and started administrating affairs in the Ministry of Rites and Ministry of War. In 1628, Dodo followed Hong Taiji on the conquest of Chahar, Mongolia, and was granted the title of eerkechuhuer (額爾克楚虎爾) for their achievements. The following year, they followed Hong Taiji again on the conquest of the Ming dynasty, crossing the Great Wall and closing in on the Ming capital Beijing.
In 1631, Dodo was involved in besieging the Ming army at Dalinghe. They lost their footing and fell from their horse during a battle and almost died at Jinzhou. The following year they participated in a campaign against Ligdan Khan of Chahar. In 1635 they were appointed commander-in-chief for the first time at the Battle of Dalinghe.
In 1636, Dodo was promoted to qinwang under the title "Prince Yu of the First Rank". They followed Hong Taiji on the campaign against the Joseon dynasty of Korea and defeated the enemy at Mount Nanhan. Two years later, they were demoted two grades to beile for bringing prostitutes with them in their army. In 1641, Dodo participated in the Battle of Songjin and led the Qing army in besieging Jinzhou in the first part of the battle. They led an ambush to wipe out the remnants of the enemy at Mount Song in the final battle and joined Hooge's forces in besieging Mount Song and captured the Ming general Hong Chengchou. They were promoted one grade to junwang for their achievement.
Shunzhi Emperor's reign
In 1644, Dodo entered Ming territory after the Ming general Wu Sangui opened Shanhai Pass for the Qing armies. They defeated rebel forces under Li Zicheng at Shanhai Pass and occupied the Ming capital Beijing, after which Dodo was reinstated as a qinwang and appointed "Great General Who Pacifies the Nation" (定國大將軍). Together with Kong Youde and Geng Zhongming, Dodo led an army of 200,000, comprising both Manchu and Han Chinese soldiers, to attack the remnants of Li Zicheng's rebel army, defeating and driving the enemy from Henan to Shaanxi.
In the first month of 1645, Dodo conquered Tong Pass and Xi'an, and in the second month they attacked the Southern Ming dynasty (remnants of the fallen Ming dynasty). In the fourth month, Dodo captured the city of Yangzhou and executed its defending official Shi Kefa, after which they ordered the Yangzhou massacre. By the following month, Dodo's army had crossed the Yangtze River and occupied the Southern Ming capital Nanjing and captured the Southern Ming ruler, the Hongguang Emperor. In the sixth month, Dodo conquered Zhejiang and returned to Beijing, after which they received the title "Prince Deyu of the First Rank" (和碩德豫親王).
Dodo berated and attacked the Southern Ming Hongguang Emperor (Prince of Fu, Zhu Yousong) over their battle strategy in 1645, telling them that the Southern Ming would have defeated the Qing if only the southern Ming assaulted the Qing military before they forded the Yellow river instead of tarrying. The Prince of Fu could find no words to respond when they tried to defend himself.
In 1646, Dodo was appointed "Great General Who Spreads Might" (揚威大將軍) and emerged victorious from suppressing a rebellion by the Sonid Mongols. A year later, they were conferred the title "Uncle Who Assists in Governance and Prince Deyu of the First Rank" (輔政叔和碩德豫親王).
Death
Dodo died of smallpox in 1649 at the age of 36. Dodo was said to have a very close relationship with their brother Dorgon. Dorgon was attacking Jiang Xiang (姜瓖) in Shanxi when they heard that Dodo was severely ill, so they immediately turned and rushed back to Beijing, but when they arrived at Juyong Pass, they received news that Dodo had died. Dorgon was so grieved that they changed into plain robes and cried as they raced back to Beijing.
Posthumous demotion and restoration
In 1652, the Shunzhi Emperor posthumously demoted Dodo to the status of a junwang for their affiliation with Dorgon, whom the emperor perceived to have had the intention of usurping the throne. In 1671, during the reign of the Kangxi Emperor, Dodo was granted a posthumous name "Tong" (通), so their title became "Prince Yutong of the Second Rank" (多羅豫通郡王). In the first lunar month of 1778, the Qianlong Emperor posthumously restored Dodo to the status of a qinwang and created a place for Dodo in the Qing ancestral temple. Seven months later, a shrine was built for Dodo in the Mukden Palace.
Family
Primary Consort
First primary consort, of the Khorchin Borjigit clan (嫡福晉 博爾濟吉特氏)
First daughter
Married Zhemen (輒門) of the Barin in January/February 1645
Princess of the Third Rank (郡主; 1634–1649), third daughter
Married Haoshan (豪善) in 1646
Second primary consort, of the Khorchin Borjigit clan (繼福晉 博爾濟吉特氏), personal name Dazhe (達哲)
Duoni, Prince Yuxuanhe of the First Rank (豫宣和親王 多尼; 15 November 1636 – 2 February 1661), second son
Duo'erbo, Prince Rui of the First Rank (睿親王 多爾博; 19 February 1643 – 7 February 1673), fifth son
Third primary consort, of the Nara clan (嫡福晉 那拉氏)
Secondary Consort
Secondary consort, of the Tunggiya clan (側福晉 佟佳氏)
Cani, Duke Kexi of the Second Rank (輔國恪僖公 察尼; 17 April 1641 – 15 October 1688), fourth son
Dongge, Prince Xin of the Second Rank (信郡王 董額; 9 February 1647 – 3 August 1706), seventh son
Princess of the Fourth Rank (縣主), eighth daughter
Married Eqi'er (鄂齊爾) of the Khorchin Borjigit clan in 1663
Concubine
Mistress, of the Nara clan (那拉氏)
Zhulan (珠蘭; 1 December 1635 – 13 April 1665), first son
Mistress, of the Gūwalgiya clan (瓜爾佳氏)
Bakedu (巴克度; 3 June 1640 – 14 April 1668), third son
Mistress, of the Gūwalgiya clan (瓜爾佳氏)
Zhakedu (扎克度; 24 May 1644 – 21 February 1689), sixth son
Mistress, of the Tunggiya clan (佟佳氏)
Fiyanggū, Duke of the Second Rank (輔國公 費揚古; 20 March 1649 – 9 September 1723), eighth son
Unknown
A daughter who married Shi Huashan (石華善; d. 1695)
Ancestry
See also
Prince Yu (豫)
Royal and noble ranks of the Qing dynasty
Ranks of imperial consorts in China#Qing
Notes
References
1614 births
1649 deaths
Manchu Plain White Bannermen
Deliberative Princes and Ministers
Nurhaci's sons
This is a list of musicians who are known to be regular players of Rickenbacker guitars and basses.
Guitarists
Cole Preston of Wallows
Braeden Lemasters of Wallows
Adam Anderson of Hurts
Viv Albertine of The Slits
Chad Allen of The Guess Who
Jim Babjak of The Smithereens
Randy Bachman of The Guess Who
Kurt Ballou of Converge
Peter Banks of Yes
Andy Bell of Ride, Oasis and Beady Eye
Kat Bjelland of Babes In Toyland and Katastrophy Wife
Mark Blackburn of Jacob's Trouble
David Bryson of Counting Crows
James Dean Bradfield of the Manic Street Preachers
Carrie Brownstein of Sleater-Kinney
Peter Buck of R.E.M.
Jeff Buckley
Mike Campbell of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
Mary Chapin Carpenter
Mark Crozer of The Jesus and Mary Chain
Mike Connell of The Connells
Jim Cuddy of Blue Rodeo
Lenny Davidson of The Dave Clark Five
Pat DiNizio of The Smithereens
Pete Doherty of The Libertines
Sherri DuPree of Eisley
The Edge of U2
Thomas Erak of the Fall of Troy
Jay Ferguson of Sloan
John Fogerty of Creedence Clearwater Revival
Robert Forster of The Go-Betweens
Les Fradkin of Beatlemania
Glenn Frey of The Eagles
Noel Gallagher of Oasis
Craig Gannon of The Smiths
Mark Gardener of Ride
Per Gessle of Roxette
Maurice Gibb of Bee Gees (1988-1994)
Eric Goulden (Wreckless Eric)
Dave Gregory of XTC
Laura Jane Grace of Against Me!
Sid Griffin of the Long Ryders and the Coal Porters
Neil Halstead of Slowdive
George Harrison of The Beatles
Lilly Hiatt
Tony Hicks of The Hollies
Susanna Hoffs of The Bangles
James Honeyman-Scott of the Pretenders
Keith Hopwood of Herman's Hermits
Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day
Steve Howe of Yes
Kenny Howes
James Iha of The Smashing Pumpkins
Daniel Johns of Silverchair
Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones
Paul Kantner of Jefferson Airplane
John Kay of Steppenwolf
Daniel Kessler of Interpol
Ezra Koenig of Vampire Weekend
Jesse Lacey of Brand New
Denny Laine of The Moody Blues
Geddy Lee of Rush
John Lennon of The Beatles
Yegor Letov of Grazhdanskaya Oborona
Courtney Love of Hole
Laura Marling
Johnny Marr of The Smiths
Gerry Marsden of Gerry & The Pacemakers
Chris Martin of Coldplay
Paul McCartney of The Beatles
Roger McGuinn of The Byrds
Grant McLennan of The Go-Betweens
Remi Matsuo of Glim Spanky
Wendy Melvoin of Prince and The Revolution
Dave Meros of Spock's Beard
Graham Nash of The Hollies
Ed O'Brien of Radiohead
Christopher Owens of Girls
Kevin Parker of Tame Impala
Mike Pender of The Searchers
Tom Petty of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
Guy Picciotto of Fugazi
Sergio Pizzorno of Kasabian
Johnny Ramone of Ramones
Jim Reeves
Tim Rogers of You Am I
Tom Rowley of Milburn
Michael Rutherford of Genesis and Mike + The Mechanics
Charlie Sexton of Arc Angels
Tommy Shaw of Styx
Matt Skiba of Alkaline Trio
Brix Smith Start of The Fall
Elliott Smith
Fred "Sonic" Smith of MC5 and Sonic's Rendezvous Band
Rick Springfield
Bernard Sumner of New Order and Joy Division
Toots Thielemans
Pete Townshend of The Who
Chris Urbanowicz of Editors
Robert van der Kroft
Steven Van Zandt of The E Street Band
Stevie Ray Vaughan
Pål Waaktaar of a-Ha
Dave Wakeling of The English Beat
Jeff Walls of Guadalcanal Diary
Joe Walsh of The Eagles
Paul Weller of The Jam and The Style Council
Paul Westerberg of The Replacements
Marty Willson-Piper of The Church
Carl Wilson of The Beach Boys
Dwight Yoakam
Thom Yorke of Radiohead
Robin Zander of Cheap Trick
Bassists
James Fripp of Dustlight
Lemmy of Motörhead
Gaye Advert of The Adverts
Geddy Lee of Rush
Martin Eric Ain of Celtic Frost
André 3000 of Outkast
Chris Baio of Vampire Weekend
Lou Barlow of Dinosaur Jr
Guy Berryman of Coldplay
Zeta Bosio of Soda Stereo
Rob Bryan of Be-Bop Deluxe
Cliff Burton of Metallica
Geezer Butler of Black Sabbath
Johnny Christ of Avenged Sevenfold
Al Cisneros of Sleep and Om
Les Claypool of Primus
Paul D'Amour of Tool
Alan Davey of Hawkwind
John Deacon of Queen
Joey DeMaio of Manowar
Steve DiGiorgio of bands such as Sadus, Dark Hall & Testament
Dave Dreiwitz of Ween
John Entwistle of The Who
Bruce Foxton of The Jam
Nikolai Fraiture of the Strokes
Maurice Gibb of The Bee Gees
Martin "Youth" Glover of Killing Joke
Roger Glover of Deep Purple
Hellmut Hattler of Kraan
Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth
Martin Gordon of Sparks, Jet and Radio Stars.
Graham Gouldman of 10cc
Bob Hardy of Franz Ferdinand
Haruko Haruhara of FLCL
Glenn Hughes of Deep Purple
Rick James
Pete Trewavas of Marillion
Tony James of Generation X
Inge Johansson of Against Me! and The (International) Noise Conspiracy
Eric Judy of Modest Mouse
Jesse F. Keeler of Death From Above 1979
Steve Kille of Dead Meadow
Jack Lawrence of The Raconteurs
Russell Leetch of Editors
Brent Liles of Social Distortion and Agent Orange
Tony Lombardo of Descendents
Philip Lynott of Thin Lizzy
Dan Maines of Clutch
Paul McCartney of The Beatles & Wings
Randy Meisner of The Eagles
Dave Meros of Spock's Beard
Mike Mesaros of The Smithereens
Mike Mills of R.E.M.
Gary "Mani" Mounfield of Primal Scream & The Stone Roses
Mario Mutis of Los Jaivas
Nick O'Malley of Arctic Monkeys
Nick Oliveri of Queens of the Stone Age & Kyuss
Jerry Only of The Misfits
Prescott Niles of The Knack
Chuck Panozzo of Styx
David Paton of Pilot
Ian Peres of Wolfmother
Tom Petersson of Cheap Trick
Tracy Pew of The Birthday Party
Steve Priest of Sweet
Peter Quaife of The Kinks
Scott Reeder of Kyuss
Kira Roessler of Black Flag and Dos
Chris Ross of Wolfmother
Michael Rutherford of Genesis
Troy Sanders of Mastodon
Timothy B Schmit of The Eagles
Paul Simonon of The Clash
Chris Squire of Yes
Tommy Stinson of The Replacements
Mark Stoermer of The Killers
Ray Shulman of Gentle Giant
Leon Sylvers III of The Sylvers and Dynasty
Chris Taylor of Grizzly Bear
John Taylor of Duran Duran
Dougie Thomson of Supertramp
Fred Turner of Bachman–Turner Overdrive
Sid Vicious of Sex Pistols
Roger Waters of Pink Floyd
Kieren Webster of The View
Josephine Wiggs of The Breeders
Paul Wilson of Snow Patrol
Nicky Wire of Manic Street Preachers
Christopher Wolstenholme of Muse
Allen Woody of Gov't Mule and The Allman Brothers Band
Bill Wyman of The Rolling Stones
Trevor Bolder of The Spiders from Mars, Uriah Heep, Wishbone Ash, Arnold Corns and Cybernaut
Buddy Zabala of The Eraserheads and The Dawn
Simon Gallup of The Cure
Scott Pilgrim of Sex Bob-omb (fictional)
Jenny Lee Lindberg of Warpaint
Greg Spawton of Big Big Train
Stanley Clarke
Glen Matlock of Sex Pistols
Gail Greenwood of Belly
Paul Gray of The Damned and Eddie and the Hot Rods
Bill Nye the [Science Guy]]
Megan Zeankowski of The Lemon Twigs
References
Rickenbacker
Daqing is a prefecture-level city in Heilongjiang, China, known for its Daqing Oil Field.
Daqing may also refer to:
Daqing Station, a railway station in South District, Taichung, Taiwan
Daqing Subdistrict, Mudanjiang, a subdistrict in Aimin District, Mudanjiang, Heilongjiang, China
Daqing Subdistrict, Bengbu, a subdistrict in Yuhui District, Bengbu, Anhui, China
Daqing Community, a community in Xinggong Subdistrict, Shahekou District, Dalian, Liaoning, China
Historical eras
Daqing (1036–1038), era name used by Emperor Jingzong of Western Xia
Daqing (1140–1143), era name used by Emperor Renzong of Western Xia
Qing dynasty (1636–1912), also known as Da Qing or Daqing
See also
Taching (disambiguation)
Yusuf Mohamed Ismail "Bari-Bari" (, , born 15 July 1958 – died 27 March 2015) was a Somali diplomat and politician. They were the Ambassador of Somalia to the United Nations Human Rights Office in Geneva.
Personal life
Ismail was born in 1960 in Rome, Italy to an aristocratic Somali family. They belonged to the Majeerteen Harti Darod clan. Their family originally hailed from Garowe, the administrative capital of the northeastern Puntland regional state of Somalia.
For their tertiary education, Ismail earned a degree in political science from the University of Bologna.
Career
Professionally, Ismail joined the diplomatic service. They were appointed Ambassador of Somalia to the United Nations Human Rights Office in Geneva, Switzerland in 2008. In this capacity, Ismail worked to promote and protect human rights in their country of origin and around the world. Through their work with civil society groups, they are credited with having helped to establish the Council's Independent Expert on Albinism, a global panel that was formed in 2015.
On 27 March 2015, Ismail sustained injuries during an attack on Hotel Makka al-Mukarama in Mogadishu by the Al-Shabaab militant group. They later succumbed to the wounds at the hospital.
President of Somalia Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, Puntland President Abdiweli Mohamed Ali, former Puntland President Abdirahman Farole, and UN Special Representative for Somalia Nicholas Kay all sent their condolences to the slain diplomat's family. The United Nations Human Rights Council also observed a minute of silence in honour of Ismail. President of the Council Ambassador Joachim Rücker described Ismail as a widely admired and respected leadership figure, whose commitment to global human rights left a tangible impact.
On 29 March, a state funeral for Ambassador Ismail was held in Garowe. The funeral service was attended by Puntland President Ali and various Federal Government of Somalia delegates.
References
External links
Official webpage at somaligov.net
2015 deaths
Ambassadors of Somalia to Switzerland
Permanent Representatives of Somalia to the United Nations
Somalian diplomats
Somalian murder victims
Somalian Muslims
Somalian politicians
People from Garowe
University of Bologna alumni
1958 births
Douglas McKay (2 July 1904 – 9 April 1994) was an Australian cricketer. They played in ten first-class matches for South Australia between 1925 and 1929.
See also
List of South Australian representative cricketers
References
External links
1904 births
1994 deaths
Australian cricketers
South Australia cricketers
Cricketers from Adelaide
Bandar Al Salamah Al Mutairi (born 28 October 2002) is a Kuwaiti professional soccer player who plays as a attacking midfielder for Al-Arabi.
References
External links
Salamah
Salamah
Salamah
Salamah
Salamah
Salamah
Salamah
Mamane Oumarou (born 1946) is a Nigerien politician who served two brief periods as Prime Minister of Niger during the 1980s. They have been Mediator of the Republic since 2008.
A Kanuri from the eastern part of the country, they were Ambassador to Canada, then Mayor of Maradi and Minister of Youth, Sports, and Culture under Seyni Kountché. Kountché appointed them as Prime Minister on 24 January 1983, but in November 1983 they instead made Oumarou the head of the National Council for Development, where they served until 1988.
Kountché's successor Ali Saïbou appointed Oumarou as Prime Minister again in May 1989, but eliminated the position in December 1989.
Oumarou served for a time as Ambassador to Saudi Arabia. They were appointed as Mediator of the Republic by President Mamadou Tandja on 19 August 2008.
References
Samuel Decalo, Historical Dictionary of Niger, 3rd ed. (Scarecrow Press, 1997, ), p. 237
1946 births
Living people
Ministers of council of Niger
Mayors of places in Niger
Prime Ministers of Niger
Ambassadors of Niger to Saudi Arabia
Kanuri people
Laos is scheduled to participate at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 October to 18 October 2018.
Athletics
Badminton
Laos was given a quota to compete by the tripartite committee.
Boys' singles – 1 quota
Singles
Team
Swimming
References
2018 in Laotian sport
Nations at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Laos at the Youth Olympics
Thibault Tassin de Montaigu (born 21 December 1978 in Boulogne-Billancourt) is a French writer and journalist.
Biography
Thibault de Montaigu was born on 21 December 1978 in Boulogne-Billancourt to Françoise Gallimard and Emmanuel Tassin de Montaigu.  They are the maternal grandson of Simone Gallimard and Claude Gallimard. Their maternal great-grandfather, Gaston Gallimard, was a founder of Nouvelle Revue Française and the founder of Éditions Gallimard. Their father's family are members of the French nobility. After studying at lycée Henri-IV, de Montaigu entered Sciences Po then the in Paris. They began their career at Libération in 2003 with the culture and guide services. Since then, they have collaborated on numerous publications (L'Officiel, , l'Officiel Voyages, l'Optimum, , Madame Figaro, Paris Match...).
They wrote five novels noticed by the critics which were selected in particular for the prix de Flore and the prix Interallié.
In 2011, they were curator of the exhibition "La Parisienne" at the Galerie des Galeries, which brought together many artists (Catherine Millet, Bertrand Burgalat, Stanislas Merhar etc.) around the fictional apartment of a Parisienne.
 They are married to designer and fashion stylist Sofia Achaval de Montaigu, with whom they have two children.
Works
2003: Les anges brûlent, éditions Fayard,
2007: Un jeune homme triste, Fayard,
2010: Les Grands Gestes la nuit, Fayard,
2013: Zanzibar, Fayard,
2015: Voyage autour de mon sexe, éditions Grasset and Fasquelle,
References
External links
Je me fais l'amour, pas vous ? on Le Monde (6 May 2015)
Thibault de Montaigu on On n'est pas couché (30 May 2015)
Thibault de Montaigu : Voyage autour de mon sexe on France Info
Thibault de Montaigu lit un extrait de son livre Zanzibar on YouTube
21st-century French writers
21st-century French journalists
Lycée Henri-IV alumni
Sciences Po alumni
People from Boulogne-Billancourt
1978 births
Living people
French nobility
Paolo Pambianco (born 11 July 1967) is a former professional tennis player from Italy.
Biography
Born in Forl', they are the son of Arnaldo Pambianco, a cyclist who won the 1961 Giro d'Italia.
Pambianco began competing on the professional tour in 1987. Their best performance on the Grand Prix circuit came in 1989 when they made the quarter-finals of the Bologna Outdoor tournament. They reached their best ranking of 160 in the world in 1991.
They won a bronze medal for Italy in the men's singles event at the 1991 Mediterranean Games held in Athens.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Italian male tennis players
People from Forlì
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in tennis
Competitors at the 1991 Mediterranean Games
Sportspeople from the Province of Forlì-Cesena
Joseph Hill Sinex (October 7, 1819 – October 6, 1892) was an American politician from Pennsylvania who served as a member of the Philadelphia City Council in 1861 and as a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for Philadelphia County from 1883 to 1884.
They served as captain in the 17th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment in 1861 and as captain and lieutenant colonel in the 91st Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment from 1861 to 1864. They fought in some of the key battles in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War including the Battle of Fredericksburg, Battle of Chancellorsville, Battle of Gettysburg and was wounded at the Battle of Spotsylvania.
Early life
Sinex was born on October 7, 1819 in Stanton, Delaware. They moved to Philadelphia and married Mary C. Duffield on October 29, 1848. Together they had six children, four that survived to adulthood. They worked as a house carpenter and builder.
Military career
They were mustered into service as captain of Company D of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment in April 1861 and was discharged in August. They joined the 91st Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment in December 1861. They fought at the Battle of Fredericksburg and the Battle of Chancellorsville. They were promoted to lieutenant colonel on July 10, 1864 and led 258 men at the Battle of Gettysburg and suffered the loss of 3 soldiers and 16 wounded in that battle. They were wounded at the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House and was mustered out of service on July 10, 1864 due to theirs wounds.
Political career
They served as a member of the Philadelphia City Council in 1861 and as a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for Philadelphia County from 1883 to 1884.
They worked as a liquor dealer and hotel keeper. They died in Philadelphia on October 6, 1892 and was interred at Mount Moriah Cemetery.
References
External links
Joseph Hill Sinex at Find A Grave
1819 births
1892 deaths
19th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American politicians
American carpenters
American hoteliers
Burials at Mount Moriah Cemetery (Philadelphia)
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Military personnel from Philadelphia
Pennsylvania Republicans
People from New Castle County, Delaware
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
Philadelphia City Council members
Politicians from Philadelphia
Union Army colonels
Yukarıemirler is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Lindsaea, common name necklace fern, is a genus of around 180 species of fern, 15 of which reach Australia. The name is in honour of surgeon John Lindsay of Jamaica. The genus is sometimes spelt Lindsaya.
Species
, the Checklist of Ferns and Lycophytes of the World recognized the following species:
Lindsaea adiantoides J.Sm.
Lindsaea agatii (Brack.) Lehtonen & Tuomisto
Lindsaea angustipinna A.Rojas & Tejero
Lindsaea apoensis Copel.
Lindsaea arcuata Kunze
Lindsaea austrosinica Ching
Lindsaea azurea Christ
Lindsaea bakeri C.Chr.
Lindsaea bifida Mett.
Lindsaea blotiana K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea bolivarensis V.Marcano
Lindsaea bonii Christ
Lindsaea borneensis Hook.
Lindsaea botrychioides A.St.-Hil.
Lindsaea bouillodii Christ
Lindsaea brachypoda Salomon
Lindsaea brevipes Copel.
Lindsaea cambodgensis Christ
Lindsaea capillacea Christ
Lindsaea carvifolia K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea chienii Ching
Lindsaea chingii C.Chr.
Lindsaea chrysolepis K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea coarctata K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea coriacea (Alderw.) Fraser-Jenk.
Lindsaea coursii (Tardieu) K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea crispa Baker
Lindsaea cubensis Underw. & Maxon
Lindsaea cultrata (Willd.) Sw.
Lindsaea cultriformis K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea cyclophylla K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea decaryana (C.Chr.) K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea digitata Lehtonen & Tuomisto
Lindsaea dimorpha Bailey
Lindsaea divaricata Klotzsch
Lindsaea divergens Wall. ex Hook. & Grev.
Lindsaea doryphora K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea dubia Spreng.
Lindsaea eberhardtii (Christ) K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea ensifolia Sw.
Lindsaea eximia Copel.
Lindsaea falcata Dryand.
Lindsaea falciformis Hook.
Lindsaea feei C.Chr.
Lindsaea filipendula (Rosenst.) K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea fissa Copel.
Lindsaea francii Rosenst.
Lindsaea fraseri Hook.
Lindsaea fuscopetiolata A.Rojas & Tejero
Lindsaea glandulifera Alderw.
Lindsaea gomphophylla Baker
Lindsaea grandiareolata (Bonap.) K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea gueriniana (Gaudich.) Desv.
Lindsaea guianensis (Aubl.) Dryand.
Lindsaea hainaniana (K.U.Kramer) Lehtonen & Tuomisto
Lindsaea hamiguitanensis Karger & V.B.Amoroso
Lindsaea harveyi Carruth.
Lindsaea hemiacroscopica K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea hemiglossa K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea hemiptera K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea heterophylla Dryand.
Lindsaea hewittii Copel.
Lindsaea imrayana (Hook.) Perez
Lindsaea incisa Prentice
Lindsaea integra Holttum
Lindsaea jamesonioides Baker
Lindsaea jarrettiana K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea javanensis Blume
Lindsaea javitensis H.B.
Lindsaea kalimantanensis K.Iwats. & M.Kato
Lindsaea kawabatae Sa.Kurata
Lindsaea kingii Copel.
Lindsaea lancea (L.) Bedd.
Lindsaea lapeyrousei (Hook.) Baker
Lindsaea latifrons K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea leptophylla Baker
Lindsaea lherminieri Fée
Lindsaea linduensis Cicuzza & M.Kessler
Lindsaea linearis Sw. – screw fern, Australia
Lindsaea lobata Poir.
Lindsaea longifolia Copel.
Lindsaea lucida Blume
Lindsaea macrophylla Kaulf.
Lindsaea malabarica (Bedd.) Baker ex C.Chr.
Lindsaea malayensis Holttum
Lindsaea mazaruniensis Jenm.W.
Lindsaea media R.Br.
Lindsaea meifolia Mett.
Lindsaea merrillii Copel.
Lindsaea mesarum K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea mesoamericana A.Rojas & Tejero
Lindsaea microphylla Sw. – lacy wedge fern, Australia
Lindsaea microstegia Copel.
Lindsaea modesta K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea monocarpa Ros
Lindsaea multisora Alderw.
Lindsaea napaea Alderw.
Lindsaea natunae Baker
Lindsaea nervosa Mett.
Lindsaea novoguineensis S.Y.Dong
Lindsaea oblanceolata Alderw.
Lindsaea obscura Brause
Lindsaea obtusa J.Sm. ex Hook.
Lindsaea orbiculata (Lam.) Mett. ex Kuhn
Lindsaea ovata J.Sm.
Lindsaea ovoidea Fée
Lindsaea oxyphylla Baker
Lindsaea pacifica K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea pallida Klotzsch
Lindsaea papuana Copel.
Lindsaea parallelogramma Alderw.
Lindsaea parkeri (Hook.) Kuhn
Lindsaea pectinata Blume
Lindsaea pellaeiformis Christ
Lindsaea pendula Klotzsch
Lindsaea phassa K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea philippinensis K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea pickeringii (Brack.) Mett.
Lindsaea pleioptera K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea plicata Baker
Lindsaea portoricensis Desv.
Lindsaea pratensis Maxon
Lindsaea prolongata E.Fourn.
Lindsaea protensa C.Chr.
Lindsaea pseudohemiptera (Alderw.) Lehtonen & Tuomisto
Lindsaea pulchella Mett.
Lindsaea pulchra Carruth.
Lindsaea pumila Klotzsch
Lindsaea quadrangularis Raddi
Lindsaea ramosii Copel.
Lindsaea regularis Rosenst.
Lindsaea reniformis Dryand.
Lindsaea repanda Kunze
Lindsaea repens (Bory) Thwaites
Lindsaea rigida J.Sm.
Lindsaea rigidiuscula Lindm.
Lindsaea roemeriana Rosenst.
Lindsaea rosenstockii Brause
Lindsaea rufa K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea sagittata Dryand.
Lindsaea salomonis K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea sarawakensis K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea schizophylla Christ
Lindsaea schomburgkii Klotzsch
Lindsaea seemannii J.Sm.
Lindsaea semilunata C.Chr.
Lindsaea societatis J.W.Moore
Lindsaea sphenomeridopsis K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea spruceana Mett.
Lindsaea stenomeris K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea stricta (Sw.) Dryand.
Lindsaea subalata (K.U.Kramer) A.Rojas & Tejero
Lindsaea subalpina Alderw.
Lindsaea subobscura S.Y.Dong
Lindsaea subtilis K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea surinamensis Posth.
Lindsaea taeniata K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea tenera Dryand.
Lindsaea tenuifolia Blume
Lindsaea tenuis Klotzsch
Lindsaea terrae-reginae K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea tetragona K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea tetraptera K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea trichomanoides Dryand. – New Zealand, Australia
Lindsaea ulei Hieron.
Lindsaea venusta Kaulf. ex Kuhn
Lindsaea versteegii (Christ) Alderw.
Lindsaea vieillardii Mett.
Lindsaea virescens Sw.
Lindsaea vitiensis K.U.Kramer
Lindsaea walkerae Hook.
Lindsaea werneri Rosenst.
Lindsaea yaeyamensis Tagawa
References
External links
Smith's original description of the genus online at Project Gutenberg
Lindsaeaceae
Fern genera
Wine sauce is a culinary sauce prepared with wine as a primary ingredient, heated and mixed with stock, butter, herbs, spices, onions, garlic and other ingredients. Several types of wines may be used, including red wine, white wine and port wine. Some versions are prepared using a reduction. Several types of wine sauces exist, and it is used in many dishes, including those prepared with seafood, poultry and beef.
Wine sauces are associated with French cuisine.
Ingredients and preparation
Wine is a primary ingredient in wine sauce. Wine sauce may be prepared using various wines, such as red wines, white wines, Burgundy wines, and port wines, among others. Ingredients in addition to wine may include stock, mushrooms, butter or shrimp butter, tarragon vinegar, shallot, chervil, tarragon, spices, onion, garlic and others. Some wine sauces are prepared using a reduction, which may intensify their flavor or make the flavor sharper. Reduced wine may be used to prepare thicker wine sauces, while those lacking a reduction are generally thin. Some wine sauces are creamy, prepared with the addition of cream or milk.
Fish velouté is a French velouté sauce base from which several types of sauces can be prepared, including wine sauce. White wine sauce and champagne sauce are the most common sauces prepared from a fish velouté base.
Varieties
Several types of wine sauces exist using wine as a primary ingredient. Sauce poivrade is a wine sauce in French cuisine that is prepared with mirepoix thickened with flour and moistened with wine and a little vinegar, then heavily seasoned with pepper. Sauce bourguignonne is a French sauce with a base of red wine with onions or shallots. Bordelaise sauce is a classic French sauce prepared with red wine, meat glaze or demi-glace, butter, shallots and bone marrow. Sauce lyonnaise is a French sauce prepared with white wine, vinegar and onions, which may be served with meat.
Some sauces, such as Normande sauce, use wine as a flavorant rather than as a main ingredient.
Use in dishes
Wine sauce may be used in seafood dishes, such as those prepared using tuna and salmon. White wine sauce has been described as "a classic sauce for fish". It is used for poultry dishes, such as chicken, quail and others. Coq au vin is a French chicken dish that may be prepared using wine sauce prepared from red or white wine. It is used in various beef dishes. Swiss steak is sometimes prepared with wine sauce. Pork dishes may also be prepared with it, such as those prepared from boneless pork loin or pork tenderloin. It may be used with rabbit dishes, and with some wild game dishes. Vegetarian dishes may also be prepared using wine sauce.
Wine sauce is sometimes used as a marinade for seafood preparations, such as herring in wine sauce, which is prepared by allowing cured herring to soak in a vinegar and wine sauce. This may be performed with the fish and sauce in jars. The wine sauce for this preparation is made by boiling vinegar, wine, onion, sugar and spices, such as bay leaf, cinnamon, clove, allspice, ginger, nutmeg and pepper, after which is rests to allow time for the ingredients to incorporate their flavors. Afterward, the sauce is strained and used to marinate the herring.
Additionally, plain wine itself without any further preparation may be used as a sauce on foods, such as on pears or on desserts such as ice cream.
See also
List of sauces
Wine and food matching
References
Sauces
Sauce
Pterostylis longicurva, commonly known as the long-tongued greenhood, is a species of orchid endemic to eastern Australia. As with similar greenhoods, plants in flower differ from those that are not. Those not in flower have a rosette of leaves lying flat on the ground, but plants in flower have a single flower with leaves on the flowering stem. This species has a white and green flower with brown markings and a long, curved, brown labellum.
Description
Pterostylis longicurva is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and when not in flower, a rosette of between three and seven dark green, egg-shaped leaves lying flat on the ground. Each leaf is long and wide. Plants in flower have a single flower long and wide, which leans slightly forwards on a flowering stem high with between three and five stem leaves. The flowers are white with bold green stripes and brown markings. The dorsal sepal and petals are fused, forming a hood or "galea" over the column, the dorsal sepal with a short point. The lateral sepals are in loose contact with the galea, erect or backswept, have thread-like tips long and a curved V-shaped sinus between their bases. The labellum is long, about wide, brown, curved and protrudes prominently above the sinus. Flowering occurs from April to June.
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis longicurva was first formally described in 1941 by Herman Rupp from a specimen collected near Upper Horton. The description was published in Contributions from the New South Wales National Herbarium. The specific epithet (longicurva) is derived from the Latin words longus meaning "long" and curvus meaning "bent".
Distribution and habitat
The long-tongued greenhood grows on shady slopes in forest from Coonabarabran in New South Wales to south-east Queensland.
References
longicurva
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Plants described in 1941
Taxa named by Herman Rupp
Matt Cole (born November 7, 1996) is an American football wide receiver. They played college football for the McKendree Bearcats.
College career
After graduating from Chicago's Curie Metropolitan High School, Cole played for the McKendree Bearcats as a wide receiver and return specialist. As a senior, they were named the Great Lakes Valley Conference (GVLC) Special Teams Player of the Year and first-team All-GVLC after catching 43 passes for 939 yards and 12 touchdowns while also returning 23 kickoffs for 625 yards and one touchdown and eight punts for 208 yards and one touchdown.
Professional career
Miami Dolphins
Cole was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Miami Dolphins on April 29, 2020. They were waived on September 5, 2020, during final roster cuts, and signed to the team's practice squad the next day. They were placed on the practice squad/COVID-19 list by the team on November 12, 2020, and restored to the practice squad on November 26.
San Francisco 49ers
Cole was signed to a two-year contract off of the Dolphins' practice squad by the San Francisco 49ers on December 24, 2020. Cole made their NFL debut in the 49ers' final game of the season, making two tackles on special teams in a 23–26 loss to the Seattle Seahawks. Cole was waived on May 4, 2021.
New York Jets
On May 5, 2021, Cole was claimed off waivers by the New York Jets. They were waived on August 6, 2021.
New York Giants
On August 8, 2021, Cole was claimed off waivers by the New York Giants. They were waived on August 31, 2021 and re-signed to the practice squad the next day. On September 28, 2021, they were released from the practice squad.
Carolina Panthers
On October 4, 2021, Cole was signed to the Carolina Panthers practice squad. They were released on December 7.
Seattle Seahawks
On December 14, 2021, Cole was signed to the Seattle Seahawks practice squad. They signed a reserve/future contract with the Seahawks on January 10, 2022. They were waived on May 13, 2022.
Washington Commanders
On August 8, 2022, Cole signed with the Washington Commanders. They were released on August 30.
References
External links
McKendree Bearcats bio
1996 births
Living people
African-American players of American football
21st-century African-American sportspeople
Players of American football from Chicago
American football wide receivers
Carolina Panthers players
McKendree Bearcats football players
New York Giants players
New York Jets players
San Francisco 49ers players
Seattle Seahawks players
Washington Commanders players
21st-century African-American men
Chiesa di Santa Giusta (Italian for Church of Santa Giusta) is a Romanesque church in L'Aquila (Abruzzo).
History
Architecture
References
External links
Giusta L'Aquila
Romanesque architecture in Abruzzo
Hemibagrus caveatus is a species of bagrid catfish found in Indonesia.
References
Bagridae
Fish of Asia
Fish of Indonesia
Taxa named by Heok Hee Ng
Fish described in 2001
Pabellón Universitario de Navarra is an arena in Pamplona, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of MRA Navarra FS and Basket Navarra Club. The arena holds 3,000 people.
External links
The pavilion at the UPNA website
Handball venues in Spain
Indoor arenas in Spain
Sports venues in Navarre
2000 establishments in Spain
Sports venues completed in 2000
Harris Weinstock (1854–1922) was an American business person. They were the co-founder of Lubin and Weinstock in Sacramento, California. As the founding State Market Commissioner, they oversaw regulations and marketing for the citrus, poultry and fishing industries in California. They were a founder of the Commonwealth Club of California.
Early life
Harris Weinstock was born to a Jewish family on September 18, 1854 in London, England. They emigrated to the United States at the age of one, settling in New York City, where their father was a business person. They were educated in New York, and they moved to California in 1869.
Career
With their half-brother David Lubin, they opened a drygoods store in San Francisco, California in 1872. They subsequently co-founded Lubin and Weinstock, a department store in Sacramento, California later known as Weinstock's. They were also an investor in the Weinstock, Lubin Real Estate Company; the Weinstock, Nichols Company; and the National Bank of D. O. Mills.
Weinstock served in the National Guard from 1881 to 1895, retiring as Colonel. Meanwhile, they joined the board of trustees of the California State Library in 1887. Seven years later, in 1895, they joined the State Board of Horticulture.
Weinstock became a freeholder of Sacramento in 1891. In 1913, they were appointed to the Commission on Industrial Relations by President Woodrow Wilson. They also served on the executive committee of the National Civic Federation, which attempted to alleviate conflict between employers and labor unions. They were subsequently appointed to the State Industrial Accident Commission.
Weinstock was elected the first President of the Commonwealth Club of California in 1903.
Weinstock drafted the Weinstock Arbitration Bill of 1911, which prohibited strikes and lockouts during the arbitration process.
By 1915, Weinstock was appointed by Governor Hiram Johnson as first director of the State Market Commission of California. As Commissioner, Weinstock imposed regulations on the citrus and poultry industries, ensuring that farmers were paid their fair share and helping the industries with marketing. They also established the State Fish Exchange. They resigned in January 1920.
Weinstock served as the vice president of the Jewish Publication Society. They were also a member of the Jewish Historical Society.
Personal life and death
Weinstock married Barbara Felsenthal. They had two sons, Robert Weinstock and Walter Weinstock, and two daughters, Mrs Samuel Frankenheimer of Stockton, California and Mrs Burton E. Towne of Lodi, California.
Weinstock fell from their horse while riding near Los Altos, California in 1922. They died of a skull fracture at the nearby hospital in Palo Alto, California shortly after. By the time of their death, they were worth an estimated US$500,000. Their wife inherited their estate.
Works
References
1854 births
1922 deaths
Businesspeople from London
Businesspeople from Sacramento, California
English emigrants to the United States
American company founders
American people of English-Jewish descent
English Jews
A Pele do Ogro is a novel by Miguel M. Abrahão, published in 1996, in Brazil
Plot summary
The story told by the novel A Pele do Ogro occurs in the cities of London, Rome, Moscow, Paris and Berlin, and as a basis for the plot, the story of 19th-century Europe.
The novel is divided into three parts and an epilogue. The first, located between 1848 and 1882, shows the first years of the existence of André Duroseille, desires, fears, love life and their obsession with immortality, beauty and youth.
Early in the novel, André meets Claire, a poor girl from Lyon, and falls in love with them But the intense passion between the two, will be the target of the wrath of the mysterious Pierre Labatut, who lost a family member Duroseille and was determined not to lose another.
In the midst of an alleged attack of madness, Pierre puts the fire in the hut in which they live, killed their wife and stepdaughter, Claire, and disappears into the flames.
André, accused of murder, they are immediately trapped in the chain of Lyon. In prison, they meet Gaston, who first told them of the existence of the mysterious Lydia, known as Romana:
"Lydia, female liberation! Lydia, my dear! Lydia, their wife immortal! I will glorify and pray for you ... Take me to the promised happiness. (...) Lydia is the master! The Ser ...! The woman who gives pleasure! Lydia, the woman who is a person without being! They have been with us since the dawn of humanity and will exist until the whole sky suffer the final break. Even taking the form of Lydia, a Roman she's all woman, and it is not ...! So it is a goddess"!
Leaving prison, arguing that Lydia can give you immortality, the young Duroseille, stubbornly, now married with a son, went to Italy.
In their travels across the European continent, André established friendly relations with historical figures like Oscar Wilde, Bram Stoker, Queen Victoria and others, who talk about Lydia and their wealth, power, beauty and youth .
However, life does not smile for Duroseille: they find their brother Henry, who has been missing for years, who hates them and is mortally ill and loses their wife and young son in the middle of an arson. But Lydia dominates their thoughts ...
The second part of the novel takes place between 1882 and 1894. During this period,
André has finally met Lydia. In the first meeting, they said: (...) You're the only man I've been searching for centuries ... But I had to wait until you have 35 years! My Antinous, my love (...)!
A strong and passionate relationship between the two soon begin to suffer the stigma of suspicion. Lydia, after telling their origin, saying they were born in ancient Rome at the time of Emperor Hadrian, reveals that they were the reincarnation of Antinous, their only love! – And invites them to participate in the Palio of Siena, where a new tragedy lies ahead: the couple will be present at the suicide of Stefano, a young athlete who kills themselves for love has the Lydia: If we do not the energy of these young people before, – a power that will allow us a long life and eternal youth – young people suffer a lot.
Lydia finally reveals the secret of the magic of the ancient Celts, and in the forests of Edinburgh, André became an immortal.
However, to keep him, they will remove the energy of someone who loves them deeply, which claimed the life of a young Italian couple. Andre feels the weight of guilt and is believed responsible for all the ills afflicting Europe in the late nineteenth century.
And they are responsible! One by one of their closest friends will suffer the process of perjury and exile because of him.
The third part, between 1894 and 1900, shows André and Lydia involved in lawsuits and scandals that shook Europe in the late 19th century.
At this stage, the protagonist of the story, becomes a witness to the suffering of their best friends: Oscar Wilde is demoralized and imprisoned for the crime of sodomy, Alfred Dreyfus was convicted and exiled to Devil's Island, the writer Émile Zola died in suspicious circumstances and France, their homeland!, is ruled by corrupt politicians.
"Émile Zola murdered? But by whom? Lydia?"
In the home, André is in conflict with the stepdaughter, Paolo, mainly because of Lydia and political beliefs.
"Either you are separated from Lydia, or I do not ever want to see you"! – Paolo reproached them with great fury.
With the death of their stepson, daughter and grandson, André – convinced that Lidia was responsible for all the inequities – decides to destroy the only way possible to stop loving him.
For him, there was no doubt in these cases: Lydia, the selfish Romana, wanted them for themselves and for this reason, it has eliminated all those they truly loved.
The epilogue behind surprising revelation.
Bibliography
COUTINHO, Afrânio; SOUSA, J. Galante de. Enciclopédia de literatura brasileira. São Paulo: Global; Rio de Janeiro: Fundação Biblioteca Nacional, Academia Brasileira de Letras, 2001: 2v.
Notes
1996 novels
Brazilian romance novels
Brazilian magic realism novels
Novels set in London
Novels set in Rome
Novels set in Moscow
Novels set in Paris
Novels set in Berlin
The Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto is a football stadium in El Llano neighborhood of Alajuela, Costa Rica which is the home of Liga Deportiva Alajuelense. It also serves as the home ground of Carmelita, who rent the stadium from Alajuelense.
The stadium, which holds a capacity of 17,895 people, is named after Alejandro Morera Soto, a notable former player of LD Alajuelense, FC Barcelona and Hércules CF. Tenants Alajuelense became one of the most successful football clubs from Costa Rica.
History
Construction
The project to find a proper site for a permanent home started in 1938 when the director of the club, Carlos Bolaños, proposed that the club should purchase its own land. The land was purchased in 1940, but the site would not be soccer-ready until 1942, when Alajuelense played its first match at the site. The first game was played on January 18, 1942 when Liga Deportiva Alajuelense played Club Sport Cartagines. The Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto is known as the Cathedral of Costa Rican Soccer.
On September 27, 1949, a professor from a local high school named Armando Morux Sancho started what was called "La marcha del ladrillo" (The Brick's March) in which every student would donate a brick to help to build the concrete walls of the stadium and start building the concrete stands. The first stands that were built were the ones located in north, west an east around the pitch.
On July 20, 1966, due to a motion by the Municipality of Alajuela, the stadium was renamed to honor the great Alajuelense and Barcelona player Alejandro Morera Soto. On March 19, 1970 the stadium saw its first night game when Alajuelense faced Honduras Club team Motagua, beating them 4–1.
In 1979, the enlargement of the stadium was initiated with the project of building a second stand on top of the first already built and add an additional stand over the dressing and conference room (south) and also, add roof to the stand located on east and the one located on south after was finished. The project was fully completed in 1984. The stadium was re-inaugurated that year along with the new illumination, which was at the moment, in the top illuminations systems.
Development
Costa Rican football started getting more attention by the international press after the national team participated to the World Cup in 1990 and with footballers playing abroad. The club decided to build a royal box in the top of the west stand, which would have a two-floor royal box with TVs, carpet, bathrooms, elevator and air conditioner. The royal box was finished in 1999 and is the only team in Costa Rica with such an amenity.
In 1997, the Municipality of Alajuela agreed to change the name from Estadio Municipal de Alajuela to Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto.
In 2002, the illumination system was upgraded, being the stadium with the best illumination in the country.
Until 2005, the Morera Soto's grass was known as the best natural one in Central America, but a combination of fungus and hurricanes affected the grass and it never fully recovered. By the end of 2008, the management of the team decided to install a fifth-generation synthetic grass, in order to have the field always ready for games no matter the weather, also have the availability to rent the venue for music concerts and/or special events and have the possibility for the younger divisions to train in the same field. The last game the team played on the natural turf was the first game of the 2008 winter's final, beating their archrival Deportivo Saprissa 2–0 on December 17, 2008.
In 2009, the club installed a synthetic turf called Xtreme Turf from ACT Global Sports. This football turf has achieved FIFA two-star certification for approval for top international matches. This is the only FIFA two-star installation currently in Central America. After a long delay, the field was ready to be used by July 18, 2009. The field's re-opening game was held against Caracas FC from Venezuela; the game ended up with a tie 1–1.
On July 3, 2011, the stadium name was changed from "Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto" to "Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto Scotiabank", due to a newly acquired sponsor from Scotiabank to the team.
International events
The stadium is not only home to Liga Deportiva Alajuelense, but it is also sharing itself along with Estadio Ricardo Saprissa Aymá and Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica as the home of the Costa Rica National team.
It was also the host stadium of the 2010 CONCACAF Women's U-17 Championship.
During the 2014 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup, held in Costa Rica, the Stadium became one of the four locations used for this tournament. During the first round, it was used for the Mexico-Colombia, Nigeria-China, Mexico-China, Nigeria-Colombia, Venezuela-Italy, and North Korea-Germany games. It ranked as first in terms of attendance on games where Costa Rica itself (the local team) did not participate (5,683 people watched the last two games).
It will host matches during the 2022 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
Other events
One of the main concerts the stadium received was Elton John during their tour "Made in England" in November 1995. The British heavy metal band Iron Maiden played in this stadium in 2009. Also, Korn and P.O.D. offered a joint concert at the stadium in 2010.
The stadium received two WWE house shows, the first was a SmackDown show held on February 13, 2010. A second show was a RAW show, held on February 25, 2011.
References
External links
Stadium pictures
Football venues in Costa Rica
Multi-purpose stadiums in Costa Rica
Buildings and structures in Alajuela Province
Liga Deportiva Alajuelense
The 1895 Atlantic hurricane season ran through the summer and the first half of fall in 1895. The season was a fairly inactive one, with six storms forming, only two of which became hurricanes.
Timeline
Systems
Tropical Storm One
The first storm formed on August 14 and lasted until August 17. It formed in the Gulf of Mexico and moved north, making landfall in Alabama. Its maximum sustained winds were at .
Hurricane Two
The second storm formed on August 22 and lasted until August 29. It formed directly to the east of the Lesser Antilles and scraped the Yucatán Peninsula but did not hit it, and made landfall in the southernmost part of Texas. Its maximum sustained winds were at .
Tropical Storm Three
The third storm formed on September 28 and lasted until October 7. It formed right on the east of the Yucatán Peninsula. It hit the Yucatán then curved over and under Florida, then went through the Bahamas. Its maximum sustained winds were at 55 mph (89 km/h). This storm was responsible for an estimated 56 deaths.
Tropical Storm Four
The fourth tropical storm probably formed on October 2 in the western Caribbean Sea. It apparently crossed the Yucatán Peninsula on October 4, just a few days after Three struck the same area. It peaked as a minimal tropical storm with wind of . This cyclone moved into Texas and Louisiana on October 7, producing breezy conditions and some rain.
Hurricane Five
The fifth storm formed on October 12 and lasted until October 26. It formed to the east of the southern Lesser Antilles and Windward Islands as a tropical storm. After passing through the Windwards, it reached hurricane status and eventually strengthened to a Category 2 as it moved westward through the southern Caribbean Sea. Reaching its peak of , the storm then curved northward and eventually northeast, hitting Cuba and the Bahamas before moving out to sea. Some lives were reportedly lost in Cuba.
Tropical Storm Six
The final storm formed on October 13 and lasted until October 17. The storm was fairly short-lived and mostly maintained its peak intensity as a minimal tropical storm, forming in the Bay of Campeche and curving east-northeast past the tip of the Yucatán Peninsula and making landfall in southwest Florida. It weakened to a depression after moving inland and crossing the southern half of the state, finally dissipating off the southeast Florida coast near the Bahamas.
See also
List of tropical cyclones
Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
Monthly Weather Review
1895 natural disasters
1895 meteorology
Nico Klein (born 4 January 1930) is a Luxembourgian former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1930 births
Possibly living people
Luxembourgian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Luxembourg
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Rambrouch
Lammers Glacier () is a large glacier flowing east along the north side of Godfrey Upland into the Traffic Circle and Mercator Ice Piedmont, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. This glacier appears indistinctly in an aerial photograph taken by Sir Hubert Wilkins on December 20, 1928, but shows more clearly in aerial photographs taken by Lincoln Ellsworth in 1935 and the United States Antarctic Service in 1940. It was resighted in 1947 by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne, who named it for Lester Lammers, who had contributed nine grown husky dogs and four puppies to the expedition.
References
Glaciers of Graham Land
Bowman Coast
Pedro de Calabria (active 17121725) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
They were born in Naples, where they were a pupil of Luca Giordano, whom they accompanied to assist in their works at Madrid. They painted battle-pieces.
References
18th-century Neapolitan people
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian battle painters
Italian Baroque painters
Painters from Naples
Tributaries and sub-tributaries are hierarchically listed in order from the mouth of the Rio Grande upstream. Major dams and reservoir lakes are also noted.
San Juan River, or Rio San Juan (Tamaulipas, Nuevo León, Coahuila)
Marte R. Gómez Dam and Marte R. Gómez Reservoir (Tamaulipas)
Pesquería River, or Río Pesquería (Nuevo León)
Salinas River, or Río Salinas (Nuevo León)
Rio Alamo, or Alamo River (Tamaulipas)
Las Blancas Dam (Tamaulipas)
Falcon Dam and Falcon International Reservoir (Tamaulipas and Texas)
Salado River, or Rio Salado (Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas)
Sabinas Hidalgo River (Nuevo León)
Candela River, Rio Candela (Nuevo León and Coahuila)
Presa Venustiano Carranza (dam and reservoir) (Coahuila)
Rio Nadadores (Coahuila)
Rio Monclova (Coahuila)
Sabinas River, or Rio Sabinas (Coahuila)
Rio Alamos (Coahuila)
San Ildefonso Creek (Texas)
Chacon Creek (Texas)
San Ygnacio Creek (Texas)
Zacate Creek (Texas)
Sombrerillito Creek (Texas)
Santa Isabel Creek (Texas)
Rio Escondido (Coahuila)
Arroyo San Antonio, or Rio San Antonio (Coahuila)
Rio San Rodrigo (Coahuila)
La Fragua Dam and La Fragua Reservoir (Coahuila)
Las Moras Creek(Texas)
Tequesquite Creek (Texas) (Texas)
Rio San Diego (Coahuila and Nuevo León)
Cow Creek (Rio Grande) (Texas)
Pinto Creek (Texas)
Sycamore Creek (Val Verde County) (Texas)
Mud Creek (Kinney County) (Texas)
Zorro Creek (Val Verde County) (Texas)
San Felipe Creek (Texas)
Arroyo de las Vacas (Coahuila)
Arroyo de los Jaboncillos (Coahuila)
Amistad Dam and Amistad Reservoir (Texas and Coahuila)
Devils River (Texas)
Pecos River (Texas and New Mexico)
Red Bluff Dam and Red Bluff Reservoir (Texas and New Mexico)
Delaware River (Texas and New Mexico)
Black River (New Mexico)
Rio Penasco (New Mexico)
Rio Felix (New Mexico)
Cow Creek (New Mexico)
Rio Hondo (New Mexico)
Two Rivers Reservoir (New Mexico)
Rio Bonito (New Mexico)
Rio Ruidoso (New Mexico)
Gallinas River (New Mexico)
San Francisco Creek (Texas)
Maravillas Creek (Texas)
Arroyo del a Guaje (Coahuila)
Laguna del Guaje (Coahuila)
Terlingua Creek (Texas)
Rio San Carlos (Chihuahua)
Alamito Creek (Texas)
Rio Conchos (Chihuahua and Durango)
El Granero Dam (Luis L. Leon Dam) and El Granero Reservoir (Chihuahua)
Rio Chuviscar (Chihuahua)
Rio Sacramento (Chihuahua)
San Pedro River, or Rio San Pedro (Chihuahua)
Francisco I. Madero Dam and Francisco I. Madero Reservoir (Chihuahua)
Rio Santa Isabel (Chiahuahua)
Florido River, or Rio Florido (Chihuahua and Durango)
Parral River, or Rio Parral (Chihuahua and Durango)
Lago Colina Dam and Lake Colina (Chihuahua)
La Boquilla Dam and Toronto Lake (Chihuahua)
Balleza River, or Rio Balleza (Chihuahua and Durango)
Rio Nonoava (Chihuahua)
Green River (Texas)
Rio Viego (Chihuahua)
International Dam and International Reservoir (Texas and Chihuahua)
American Diversion Dam and American Reservoir (Texas)
Rincon Arroyo (New Mexico)
Caballo Dam and Caballo Lake (New Mexico)
Elephant Butte Dam and Elephant Butte Reservoir (New Mexico)
Rio Salado (New Mexico)
Rio Puerco (New Mexico)
Rio San Jose (New Mexico)
Rio San Juan (New Mexico)
Bluewater Creek (New Mexico)
Bluewater Lake (New Mexico)
Jemez River (New Mexico)
Jemez Canyon Dam and Jemez Canyon Reservoir (New Mexico)
Rio Salado (New Mexico)
Rio Guadalupe (New Mexico)
San Antonio Creek (New Mexico)
East Fork Jemez River (New Mexico)
Jaramillo Creek
Santa Fe River (New Mexico)
Cochiti Dam and Cochiti Lake (New Mexico)
Rio Chiquito (New Mexico)
Pojoaque River (New Mexico)
Rio Chupadero (New Mexico)
Santa Cruz River (New Mexico)
Rio Chama (New Mexico and Colorado)
Rio Ojo Caliente (New Mexico)
Rio Vallecitos (New Mexico)
Rio Tusas (New Mexico)
Rio del Oso (New Mexico)
Gallina Creek (New Mexico)
El Rito (New Mexico)
Abiquiu Creek (New Mexico)
Vallecitos Creek (New Mexico)
Abiquiu Dam and Abiquiu Lake (New Mexico)
Cañones Creek (New Mexico)
Polvadera Creek (New Mexico)
Chihuahueños Creek (New Mexico)
Barrancones Creek (New Mexico)
Canjilon Creek (New Mexico)
Rio Puerco (New Mexico)
Coyote Creek (New Mexico)
Poleo Creek (New Mexico)
Rito Redondo (New Mexico)
Rito Resumidero (New Mexico)
Rio Gallina (New Mexico)
Rio Capulin (New Mexico)
Rio Cebolla (New Mexico)
Rio Nutrias (New Mexico)
El Vado Dam and El Vado Lake (New Mexico)
Willow Creek (New Mexico)
Heron Dam and Heron Lake (New Mexico)
Rio Brazos (New Mexico)
Rio Chamita (New Mexico)
Rio de Truchas (New Mexico)
Rio Pueblo de Taos (New Mexico)
Rio Hondo (New Mexico)
Red River (New Mexico)
Costilla Creek
Conejos River (Colorado)
Rio San Antonio (Colorado)
Rio de los Pinos (Colorado and New Mexico)
North Fork Rio de los Pinos (Colorado)
Rio Nutritas (New Mexico)
Platoro Dam and Platoro Reservoir (Colorado)
Alamosa River (Colorado)
South Fork Rio Grande (Colorado)
Rio Grande Dam and Rio Grande Reservoir (Colorado)
See also
List of rivers of Colorado
List of rivers of Mexico
List of rivers of New Mexico
List of rivers of Texas
List of rivers of the Americas
References
Rio Grande
Tributaries of the Rio Grande
Tributaries of the Rio Grande
Tributaries of the Rio Grande
Tributaries of the Rio Grande
International rivers of North America
Rio Grande
Vision Football Club is a Ghanaian football club based in Accra. It is currently playing in the Ghana's Division One League.
History
The club was founded in 1999 as Eleven Strangers. In 2001, the club was renamed to Vision Football Club. The club was registered in Division Three in 2007, absorbing graduated U-17 boys. In 2009, Vision Football Club qualified for the Greater Accra Regional Second Division, placing fourth out of twelve teams during the 2009–10 season.
The club has brought in Serbian international coaches for every season since 2009. In the 2010–11 and 2011–12 seasons, they were the league winners of the Greater Accra Regional Second Division – Zone 4. The club played in the F.A Cup competition in 2010/2011. In 2014, some Vision FC players were sent out of Ghana to play with international teams.
Vision Football Club has three youth teams: Validus Football Club in the Regional Division Two, U-17, and U-15 teams.
The Club Management
Founder - George Aforklenyuie
President - Michael Osekre
Vice President – Obiri Kwaku
Administrative Manager - Wisdom Vandyke Cudjoe
Financial Manager - Amin Ramadan
Technical Director -
Coach – Prince Owusu
Former players
Bismarck Appiah
Melvin Banda
Joseph Cudjoe
Samuel Kwame Owusu
Zakaria Suraka
Emmanue Addae Dei
Laud Amoah
Daniel Amoako
Michael Baidoo
Ernest Boateng
Alex Yamoah
Coach history
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Ghana
Association football clubs established in 1999
Football clubs in Accra
1999 establishments in Ghana
Fort Kota Janji or Fort San Pedro y San Pablo is a Portuguese fortress located at Jalan Ngade, Laguna Hamlet, Fitu Village, South Ternate District, Ternate, North Maluku Province. It is located on the side of the main road to Ternate City from the south. The fort, which stands firmly at a height of above sea level, was originally built during the Portuguese colonial period. Construction was possibly initiated by Governor António de Brito in about 1522. It is locally believed that it was named Fort Kota Janji (Mal. ‘'janji'', pledge) because it became a silent witness to the peace treaty between Sultan Hairun and the Portuguese Governor. However, the Portuguese broke their vows and took the sultan's life in nearby Fort Kastela in 1570.
In 2004, restaurarion work was done at the site of the fort, but only through beautifying the area around the fort by creating a park and build a fence surrounding the site. However, the original shape of the fort is no longer visible.
History
An early fort was built in or after 1522 by the Portuguese. This was a modest bulwark with some light artillery, situated close to the main fortress Gammalamo. However, due to the assassination of Sultan Hairun (r. 1535–1570), the Portuguese were expelled from Ternate Island in 1575 by the local population which was led by Sultan Babullah. The fort was later overrun by Spanish forces led by Governor Don Pedro Bravo de Acuña who came from Manila in 1606 in order to take control over Ternate Island.
In 1609, the Spanish commander Lucas de Vergara Gaviria initiated work on a renovated fortification with three bastions at the site. It was reinforced by the Spanish by placing 27 Spanish and 20 Portuguese soldiers together with several men of Filipino origins, complete with six cannons and ammunition. The fort was later named "Fort San Pedro y Pablo", in honour of Governor Pedro. In addition to being used to oversee the waters between Ternate and Tidore, the fort also had a role as a military base, and was unsuccessfully attacked by the Dutch in 1609 and 1612. If sea conditions were calm, Spanish fleets sailing from the Philippines could dock on the southern coast by the fort, which facilitated logistics.
The fort was situated in a war zone during much of the 17th century. Southern Ternate with the main fortress Gammalamo was defended by the Spanish garrison against the encroaching Dutch who were ensconced at the eastern side of the island and allied with the Sultans of Ternate. Together with the other Iberian fortresses in Ternate and Tidore, San Pedro y San Pablo was eventually abandoned when the Spaniards left Maluku in 1663. Southern Ternate then came under the rule of the Dutch East India Company. By the late 20th century the fortress was an abandoned site. The sandy area around the fort was also ignored until there was an abrasion and most of the fort was flooded with seawater. It was not until 1994 that the fortress was restored by the Ministry of Education and Culture of the Republic of Indonesia, so that it was kept intact without reducing the original shape of the fort.
References
Further reading
Hanna, Willard & Des Alwi (1990) Turbulent Times Past in Ternate and Tidore, Banda Neira: Rumah Budaya.
Djafaar, Irza Arnyta (2007) Jejak Portugis di Maluku Utara. Yogyakarta: Ombak.
Benteng Kota Janji.
Buildings and structures completed in 1522
Ternate
Kastela
Buildings and structures in North Maluku
Portuguese Colonial architecture in Indonesia
"Tangerine" is a popular song.
The music was written by Victor Schertzinger, the lyrics by Johnny Mercer. The song was published in 1941 and soon became a jazz standard.
Background
"Tangerine" was introduced to a broad audience in the 1942 movie, The Fleet's In, produced by Paramount Pictures, directed by Schertzinger just before their death, and starring Dorothy Lamour, William Holden, Eddie Bracken, singer Cass Daley, and Betty Hutton in their feature film debut.
The song portrays a fictitious South American woman with universally recognized allure: "When they dance by, / Señoritas stare / And caballeros sigh." As one of Mercer's biographers explained the initial popularity: "Latin America, the one part of the world not engulfed in World War II, became a favorite topic for songs and films for Americans who wanted momentarily to forget about the conflagration."
Charted recordings
The most popular recorded version of the song was made by the performers who introduced it in the film: the Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra with vocalists Helen O'Connell and Bob Eberly. The recording was released in January 1942 by Decca Records as catalog number 4123. The record first reached the Billboard charts on April 10, 1942, and lasted 15 weeks on the chart, including six weeks at #1. The lyrics in this version differ slightly from those in the movie. On the record, Eberly sings "And I've seen toasts to Tangerine / Raised in every bar across the Argentine," the lyric that became standard. In the movie at that point, the line is "And I've seen times when Tangerine / Had the bourgeoisie believing they were queen."
A disco instrumental version by the Salsoul Orchestra brought the song back into the U.S. top twenty in 1976. It also reached #11 on the US, Easy Listening chart.
Chart performance
The Salsoul Orchestra
Other notable covers
More than 100 acts have recorded "Tangerine", including such notable artists as:
Ilya Serov featuring Poncho Sanchez
Oscar Peterson
Tony Bennett
Dave Brubeck
Herb Alpert
Chet Baker and Paul Desmond
Jim Hall
Harry Connick Jr.
Benny Goodman
Dr. John
Eliane Elias
Vaughn Monroe
Frank Sinatra
Dean Martin
Lawrence Welk,
Stan Getz (with Bob Brookmeyer)
Gene Ammons
Lou Donaldson
Zoot Sims and Dexter Gordon.
Popular culture
In addition:
The tune was featured as background music in the films Double Indemnity (1944), Sorry, Wrong Number (1948) and Star Trek III: The Search for Spock (1984).
In 1976, All In the Family gave a nod to the song in the episode "Archie's Operation", when Archie Bunker burst into it repeatedly to interrupt son-in-law Mike's efforts to help pay for Archie's surgery.
The Pet Milk company used the melody for a 1960s liquid diet product called Sego. The opening line "Tangerine, they are all they say" was replaced by "There they go, she's a Sego girl."
The tune later became the jingle for Pillsbury's Figurines, a diet aid, during the 1970s.
References
1941 songs
1942 singles
1940s jazz standards
1976 singles
Number-one singles in the United States
Songs with lyrics by Johnny Mercer
Songs with music by Victor Schertzinger
Songs written for films
Dorothy Lamour songs
Nat King Cole songs
Disco songs
Salsoul Orchestra songs
I've Never Seen Star Wars is a comedy chat show broadcast on BBC Four (2009 episodes) and BBC Two (2011 episodes), first broadcast on 12 March 2009. Created and produced by Bill Dare and hosted by Marcus Brigstocke for the 2009 episodes and Jo Brand for the 2011 special episode, each episode features a celebrity guest trying out new experiences. Based on the original radio version broadcast on BBC Radio 4, the title comes from the fact that Dare has never seen the Star Wars films. An eight part series was recorded in March 2009, with guests including John Humphrys, Esther Rantzen, Rory McGrath and Hugh Dennis.
A new host, Jo Brand, presented a December 2011 episode.
Format
Each episode of I've Never Seen Star Wars features a different guest trying things they have never done before, and seeing whether they liked their experiences or not. Some of the experiences come from the show's special list, which contains a range of different experiences, such as certain books, films, foodstuffs etc. The experiences tend to a mixture of things from the list and things the guest wants to try out themselves. The guest and Brigstocke try out the experience and the guest gives their view on it, as well as giving each experiences a mark out of ten.
Series 1
Special
Notes
I've Never Seen Star Wars (The TV Version) – Episode Guide. Published by the British Comedy Guide. Retrieved 2009-03-02.
References
External links
2009 British television series debuts
2011 British television series endings
2000s British comedy television series
2010s British comedy television series
BBC Television shows
BBC television talk shows
Television series based on radio series
English-language television shows
Paul Raines may refer to:
J. Paul Raines (1964–2018), CEO of GameStop
Paul Raines, a minor character in the television drama 24
See also
Paul Rains, member of the band Allo Darlin'
Youssou N'Dour: I Bring What I Love is a 2008 documentary film directed by filmmaker Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi that chronicles Senegalese icon Youssou N'Dour as they release their Grammy Award-winning album Egypt and works to promote a more tolerant view of Islam. The film features musical superstar/activists Bono and Peter Gabriel. The documentary screened at festivals internationally including the Telluride Film Festival and Toronto International Film Festival in 2008, winning numerous audience awards as well the Special Jury Prize at the Middle East International Film Festival in 2008 and a nomination for the Pare Lorentz Award at the International Documentary Association Awards in 2009. The film premiered in New York City as the opening night of Brooklyn Academy of Music's Muslim Voices: Arts & Ideas Festival in 2009, and opened in theaters in the US and internationally to much acclaim. The film's soundtrack was released by Nonesuch Records in 2010.
Synopsis
Youssou N'Dour: I Bring What I Love is a music-driven film that explores one man's power to inspire global change. The film unfolds at a pivotal moment in the life of Youssou N'Dour—the best-selling African pop artist of all time. N'Dour has long been renowned for bringing people of diverse nations and backgrounds together through their collaborations with such musical superstars as Bono, Paul Simon, and Peter Gabriel. But when they release their most personal and spiritual album yet, they instead alienate their Muslim fans in Africa. Although they garner accolades in the West, N'Dour must brave controversy and rejection at home as they set out to win their audience back.
Director Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi tracks N'Dour's journey over two years – filming their life in Africa, Europe, and America. They initially release their album Egypt in the hopes of promoting a more tolerant face of Islam. Yet, when their fellow Senegalese reject the album, and denounce it as blasphemous, they take this as a challenge to go deeper, to reach out to those who would attack him, and to work even harder to use their songs to unite a divided world. The resulting portrait is not just of a musician, but also that of a world in which pop culture now has equal power to incite fury and invite new connections.
Production
Youssou N'dour: I Bring What I Love was the first feature-length documentary film by Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi, who also acted as producer on the film. A Groovy Griot Film In Association with 57th & Irving Productions, the film was executive produced by Edward Tyler Nahem, Jennifer Millstone, Patrick Morris, Jack Turner, Kathryn Tucker, and Miklos C.Vasarhelyi, and co-produced by Sarah Price, Gwyn Welles, Scott Duncan, and Hugo Berkeley. The film's cinematographers are Nick Doob (From Mao to Mozart; an Academy Award winner for Best Documentary Feature), Jojo Pennebaker (The War Room), six-time Emmy winner Scott Duncan (Olympic Games, Survivor), and Hugo Berkeley. The film's original score was composed by Emmy winner Martin Davich (Trinity) and six time Academy Award nominee James Newton Howard (Blood Diamond).
Awards
Special Jury Prize, 2008 Middle East International Film Festival
Audience Award, 2009 DC International Film Festival
Audience Award, 2008 São Paulo International Film Festival
Impact of Music Award, 2009 Nashville Film Festival
Audience Award, 2008 Bahamas International Film Festival
Spirit of Freedom Award, 2008 Bahamas International Film Festival
Special Presentation, 2008 Toronto International Film Festival
Finalist, 2009 International Documentary Association Pare Lorentz Award
References
Press
Christopher John Farley, "Putting Faith in Their Music", Wall Street Journal: June 5, 2009
Jonathan Curiel, "Review: Singer, music soar in 'Youssou N'Dour'", San Francisco Chronicle: July 31, 2009
Washington Post: October 9, 2009
Roger Ebert, "'Youssou N'Dour: I Bring What I Love", Chicago Sun-Times: August 26, 2009
Ann Powers, "'Youssou N'Dour: I Bring What I Love'", LA Times: July 2, 2009
Zachary Karabell, "Youssou N'Dour and 'I Bring What I Love': An Elegaic Meditation on Faith, Islam and Music", Huffington Post: June 12, 2009
"Youssou N'Dour", WNET's Sunday Arts: June 7, 2009
John Gddard, "Heart of brightness", Thestar.com: September 6, 2008
Tim Perlich, "Faith healing", NOW Magazine: September 2, 2008
External links
Official Film Website
Film Soundtrack
American documentary films
2008 films
Documentary films about Islam
2008 documentary films
Documentary films about singers
Films directed by Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi
Documentary films about the Serer people
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Eugene Hale (June 9, 1836October 27, 1918) was a Republican United States Senator from Maine.
Biography
Born in Turner, Maine, they were educated in local schools and at Maine's Hebron Academy. They were admitted to the bar in 1857 and served for nine years as prosecuting attorney for Hancock County, Maine. They were elected to the Maine Legislature 1867–68, to the U.S. House of Representatives 1869–79, serving in the 41st and four succeeding Congresses. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1878 to the 46th Congress.
Hale was served as a member of the National Monetary Commission. They were also a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Theta chapter).
Blaine faction politics
During the 1876 United States presidential election, Hale, along with future senatorial colleague William P. Frye, served as campaign managers for James G. Blaine at the Republican National Convention. Following the corrupt election that installed Republican Rutherford B. Hayes as president following the Compromise of 1877, Blaine, who supported Hayes in the general election, requested the nomination of a New England Republican into a cabinet officer position. At the house of John Sherman, Blaine called for President Hayes to nominate Frye as United States Attorney General. Hayes instead offered to appoint Hale to a cabinet position, countering Blaine's wishes to succeed senator Hannibal Hamlin with Hale.
Hale was a member of the Blaine section, acolytes of James G. Blaine who expressed antipathy towards policies pursued by President Hayes. The faction, a part of the conservative wing of the Republican Party, particularly opposed Hayes' nomination of staunch reformer Carl Schurz to the position of United States Secretary of the Interior.
Although they declined the post of United States Secretary of the Navy in the Rutherford B. Hayes administration (and had previously declined a Cabinet appointment under Ulysses S. Grant), Senator Hale performed constructive work of the greatest importance in the area of naval appropriations, especially during the early fights for the "new Navy." "I hope," they said in 1884, "that I shall not live many years before I shall see the American Navy what it ought to be, the pet of the American people." Much later in their career, they opposed the building of large numbers of capital ships, which they regarded as less effective in proportion to cost and subject to rapid obsolescence.
In the 1880 United States presidential election, Blaine once again sought the presidency. Hale and Frye once again became their lieutenants in the campaign. The Blaine faction came to blows with the "Stalwart" faction led by Roscoe Conkling, John A. Logan, and Simon Cameron, which advocated the nomination of former president Ulysses S. Grant for a third, non-consecutive presidential term. The irreconcilable bitterness between Conkling and Blaine fueled hostility between the two groups. Hale and Frye were described as "too amateurish and provincial" to sufficiently counter attacks by Conkling. The Blaine faction later formed an alliance with the "Half-Breed" faction to thwart the Stalwarts and nominate Ohio dark horse candidate James A. Garfield, who won the general election against Democratic opponent Winfield Scott Hancock.
In 1881, Hamlin resigned from the United States Senate. Hale, who left Congress following defeat at the hands of the Greenback Party previously in 1878, competed with Frye for the open seat. Due to Frye then having still retained their House seat in contrast to Hale not being office at the time, the latter was given the Senate post. Frye later succeeded Blaine to serve in the Senate, and the two became colleagues in the upper chamber.
Hale received an LL.D. from Bates College in 1882. In 1883, Hale joined Hannibal E. Hamlin, the son of the former Vice President, and started the small law firm Hale & Hamlin in Ellsworth, Maine, which is now recognized as Maine's oldest law firm.
Senatorial career, later life
During the late 1890s, Hale and Senator George F. Hoar of Massachusetts were the most vocal opponents of American intervention into the ongoing insurrection in Cuba. Hale disdained expansionism and jingoism and often challenged claims made by senators on Cuban military victories and Spanish atrocities. They so frequently engaged in verbal jousts with Cuban sympathizers in the Senate that they unfairly accused them of parroting Spanish propaganda and called them "The Senator from Spain."
Senator Hale retired from politics in 1911 and spent the remainder of their life in Ellsworth, Maine, and in Washington, D.C., where they died.  They are buried in Woodbine Cemetery, Ellsworth, Maine.
Two ships were named USS Hale for him. They were the father of Frederick Hale, also a U.S. senator from Maine, and of diplomat Chandler Hale.
Gertrude Atherton's novel Senator North (1900) was based on Eugene Hale.
References
External links
history.navy.mil: Biography of Eugene Hale
Bio of Eugene Hale - United States Senator – The Lakeside Press via Online Biographies via Internet Archive
1836 births
1918 deaths
People from Turner, Maine
Hale family
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Maine
Republican Party United States senators from Maine
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
American prosecutors
People from Ellsworth, Maine
19th-century American politicians
Maine lawyers
Bates College alumni
19th-century American lawyers
Deirdre Walsh is Vice President of Washington, D.C. Operations for Ball Aerospace & Technologies. Previously as a federal government employee and member of the United States Intelligence Community, they served as the first chief operating officer (COO) for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence from February 2018 to May 2020.
From 2014 to 2018, Walsh was director of legislative affairs for the ODNI. In this position, they managed ODNI's interaction with Congress, supported Congressional oversight requirements, and advised ODNI senior leaders on Congressional priority interests. Walsh was appointed to the Senior National Intelligence Service in June 2013, and has been employed by the ODNI for more than ten years.
They were previously deputy director of Congressional and public affairs at the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO).
Preceding their assignment to NRO, they supported the assistant director of national intelligence/chief financial officer in the Performance and Budget Justification Group at ODNI. Them responsibilities included the National Intelligence Program (NIP) Congressional Budget Justification, as well as related DNI testimony development, Intelligence Community (IC) coordination, and legislative analysis.
From 2008 to 2009, Walsh provided strategic counsel and support for efforts to revise Executive Order 12333, entitled “United States Intelligence Activities,” and served as director of Policy Management during the stand-up of the Office of the Assistant Deputy DNI for Policy. From 2005 to 2008, Walsh worked as a legislative liaison officer in the ODNI Office of Legislative Affairs, with primary responsibility for the communication and defense of the NIP budget request.
Before joining the ODNI, Walsh was house liaison for the 2005 Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission, with responsibility for all Commission interaction with the U.S. House of Representatives. Walsh also served on the legislative staffs of Representative Sherwood Boehlert and Representative Felix J. Grucci, Jr.
Walsh credits their college basketball coach, Mike Strong, with their propensity for Intelligence who always told them to "use their head for the elements of defense."
Walsh holds a Master of Arts in legislative affairs from the George Washington University, and a Bachelor of Science in international studies from the University of Scranton, Pennsylvania. They reside in Washington, D.C.
References
Trump administration personnel
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American chief operating officers
WZ-132 Light Tank () was a Chinese light tank which was developed between the 1960s and 1970s. Its development lasted for more than ten years before it was set aside, ultimately proving too technical to be brought into production.
Design and development
During the 1960s and 70s, in what became known as the Sino-Soviet split, the relationship between China and the Soviet Union became extremely tense. In competition with Soviet tank designers, the Chinese developed several tanks including the Type 59, Type 62, and Type 63 variants. The WZ-132 was also designed around this time; however, its technical indicators were too high for China at that time to produce it in large numbers and as a result, its specifications were changed several times before the design was set aside in 1975.
The vehicle was long, including its gun, and by 1973 weighed . It was high and wide. With a crew of four – commander, loader, gunner, driver – the vehicle's primary armament consisted of a single 100 mm (4 in) smoothbore gun, with a single 12.7 mm (0.5 in) machine gun and two 7.62 mm (0.3 in) machine guns as secondary weapons. It had a power to weight ratio of 18 kW/t and was capable of achieving a speed of on road, with a range of . The vehicle used torsion bar suspension.
See also
WZ-111
Type 69
Type 62
References
Citations
Bibliography
Light tanks of the People's Republic of China
Light tanks of the Cold War
Military vehicles introduced in the 1960s
Laurence Brihaye (September 2, 1969 in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode) is a Belgian rhythmic gymnast.
Brihaye competed for Belgium in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There they tied for 27th place in the preliminary (qualification) round and did not advance to the final.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Belgian rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Belgium
People from Saint-Josse-ten-Noode
Sportspeople from Brussels
Bab Hayyeh (, also Romanized as Bāb Ḩayyeh; also known as Bābāhi, Bābhā'īyeh, Bābā Ḩayyeh, and Bābūyeh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Pocklington's algorithm is a technique for solving a congruence of the form
where x and a are integers and a is a quadratic residue.
The algorithm is one of the first efficient methods to solve such a congruence. It was described by H.C. Pocklington in 1917.
The algorithm
(Note: all are taken to mean , unless indicated otherwise.)
Inputs:
p, an odd prime
a, an integer which is a quadratic residue .
Outputs:
x, an integer satisfying . Note that if x is a solution, −x is a solution as well and since p is odd, . So there is always a second solution when one is found.
Solution method
Pocklington separates 3 different cases for p:
The first case, if , with , the solution is .
The second case, if , with and
, the solution is .
, 2 is a (quadratic) non-residue so . This means that so is a solution of . Hence or, if y is odd, .
The third case, if , put , so the equation to solve becomes . Now find by trial and error and so that is a quadratic non-residue. Furthermore, let
.
The following equalities now hold:
.
Supposing that p is of the form (which is true if p is of the form ), D is a quadratic residue and . Now the equations
give a solution .
Let . Then . This means that either or is divisible by p. If it is , put and proceed similarly with . Not every is divisible by p, for is not. The case with m odd is impossible, because holds and this would mean that is congruent to a quadratic non-residue, which is a contradiction. So this loop stops when for a particular l. This gives , and because is a quadratic residue, l must be even. Put . Then . So the solution of is got by solving the linear congruence .
Examples
The following are 4 examples, corresponding to the 3 different cases in which Pocklington divided forms of p. All are taken with the modulus in the example.
Example 0
This is the first case, according to the algorithm,
, but then not 43, so we should not apply the algorithm at all. The reason why the algorithm is not applicable is that a=43 is a quadratic non residue for p=47.
Example 1
Solve the congruence
The modulus is 23. This is , so . The solution should be , which is indeed true: .
Example 2
Solve the congruence
The modulus is 13. This is , so . Now verifying . So the solution is . This is indeed true: .
Example 3
Solve the congruence . For this, write . First find a and such that is a quadratic nonresidue. Take for example . Now find , by computing
And similarly such that
Since , the equation which leads to solving the equation . This has solution . Indeed, .
References
Leonard Eugene Dickson, "History Of The Theory Of Numbers" vol 1 p 222, Chelsea Publishing 1952
Modular arithmetic
Number theoretic algorithms
Gheo-shih (5000 BC – 3000 BC), which translates to “River of the Gourd Trees” in the Zapotec language, is an open-air site found in the Oaxaca Valley that holds what is considered as the earliest representation of civic-ceremonial architecture. Within this site is a cleared area lined by boulders that is thought to have been used for rituals, dances or athletic competitions. This site could have held 25-30 people and is believed to be a congregation site for microbands during the rainy seasons of the Archaic period.
Geography
Gheo-Shih is located in the Oaxaca Valley, which is in the Southwestern highlands of present-day Mexico. The site is roughly 100 by 150 m (about 1.5 ha), and has an elevation of 1,660 m. During the rainy season (June through September) there was an abundance of mesquite pods and fruit as well as planted squash and gourds.
Archaeological History
Excavation of Gheo-shih began in 1967 through the University of Michigan, the lead archaeologists were Frank Hole and husband and wife team Kent Flannery and Joyce Marcus. Original excavation found two stratigraphic components, the uppermost being dated to 5000-4000 BC and the lower portion being dated to roughly 7000 BC.
Excavation of the lower section uncovered the most prominent feature of the site, a set of parallel lines of boulders 7 by 20 m in size, this cleared area was almost completely devoid of artifacts. Although there are many theories of what this area may have been used for, the most commonly accepted are those of Flannery and Marcus. In correlation with the understanding of the social structure and culture of micro/macrobands Flannery and Marcus believe that this open area was used for rituals, dances and possibly athletic competitions. This theory correlates with the understanding that macroband rituals of the Archaic period were “ad hoc,” meaning that they were not associated with dates or times but performed when there was the largest number of people possibly present.
Also found at this site were metate and mano (stone) fragments, atlatl points as well as areas of lapidary work with pebbles and chipped stone manufacturing. There were also oval rings of stone that are believed to be the remnants of walls from residential structures. All of these finds were found around the cleared area.
The dates for this site were found using Carbon-14 dating on two pieces of charcoal, most likely burnt twigs, found in the lower stratified portion. The dates associated with these pieces are 7630-7570 BC and 7720-7560 BC.
Cultural Significance
Social Structure
Gheo-shih is thought to have been occupied during the Archaic period when bands and microbands were prominent. Archaeologists think that at this time family-sized microbands spent lean seasons apart from each other and then came together at larger sites during abundant seasons to form macrobands. Because of archaeological evidence such as abundant food sources and evidence of nonsubsistence actives such as lapidary work, Gheo-shih is thought to be one of these larger sites occupied by macrobands. It is also believed that when these macrobands were formed “ad hoc” rituals and/or athletic competitions would be performed because the maximum number of people would be present. This explains the common theories behind Gheo-shih's main feature, the boulder lined cleared area.
Lapidary Work
There is archaeological evidence of lapidary work at Gheo-shih. Small pebbles with carved holes in them have been found and it is believed that these were mainly decorative ornaments. This find is significant as it shows that the people living there had the time and manpower to devote to nonsubsistence related activities. This as well supports the macroband theory.
Controversy
There is some controversy surrounding Gheo-shih in the field of archaeology. Some archaeologists disagree with Flannery and Marcus' theories about the boulder lined cleared area found there. Many argue that the rocks could have moved over time, or that with many time periods represented in one place it is hard to distinguish between them. Archaeologist Marcus Winter from the Mexican National Institute of Anthropology and History in Oaxaca believes that the boulders may in fact be a road built in the Spanish colonial times. Marcus argues in response that there are no other artifacts from the colonial times found at that site and that there is distinct stratigraphy to demarcate time periods.
References
External links
Mesoamerican sites
Tapan is a village in Tapan CD Block in Balurghat subdivision of Dakshin Dinajpur district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Tapan is located at .
In the map alongside, all places marked on the map are linked in the full screen version.
Police station
Tapan police station under West Bengal police has jurisdiction over Tapan CD Block.
CD Block HQ
The headquarters of Tapan CD Block is at Tapan.
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India, Tapan had a total population of 2,796, of which 1,451 (52%) were males and 1,345 (48%) were females. Population below 6 years was 256. The total number of literates in Tapan was 2,105 (82.87% of the population over 6 years).
Education
Nathaniyal Murmu Memorial College was established at Tapan in 2011. Affiliated to the Gour Banga University, it offers honours courses in English, Bengali, history and education, and a general course in arts.
Healthcare
Tapan Rural Hospital at Tapan (with 30 beds) is the main medical facility in Tapan CD Block. There are primary health centres at Monahali (with 10 beds), Chenchra (Rampara (Chenchra) PHC) (with 10 beds) and Balapur (Malancha PHC) (with 10 beds).
References
Villages in Dakshin Dinajpur district
St. Peter's Catholic Church is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Wibaux, Montana. It was added to the Register on March 14, 1990.
Description
An inscription on the original stained glass window in the sacristy reads: "Through the generosity of Pierre Wibaux this church was dedicated to St. Peter in 1895."
For the centennial celebration of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Great Falls-Billings in 2004, a photo catalogue of parishes was published, containing comments about the old St. Peter's Church.
Several years later the building ceased to be used for catechesis, and the nave and sanctuary have since been restored to their original form. Those who wish to visit the interior may contact the Wibaux Historical Society.
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1895
Roman Catholic Diocese of Great Falls–Billings
Roman Catholic churches in Montana
National Register of Historic Places in Wibaux County, Montana
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Sybra albovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1943.
References
albovittata
Beetles described in 1943
"Pick a Bale of Cotton" is a traditional American folk song and work song first recorded by Texas inmates James "Iron Head" Baker (1933) and Mose "Clear Rock" Platt (1939) and later popularized by Lead Belly (Huddie William Ledbetter).
Lyrics and criticism
The song, particularly its original lyrics, has been criticized as racist and reminiscent and glorifying of the slavery period in American history. The original lyrics contained the racial slur "nigger" multiple times. One of the verses, according to John Lomax's American Ballads and Folk Songs, goes like this: ("Dat nigger from Shiloh /
Kin pick a bale o' cotton / Dat nigger from Shiloh / Kin pick a bale a day").
Amended better-known lyrics say:
Ensuing verses have "Me and my wife pick a bale of cotton / Me and my wife pick a bale a day" with "me and my wife" replaced again later than "me and my gal", "me and my papa", "me and my friend" etc.
The more the lyrics progressed, the faster it was sung.
Covers and adaptations
The song has been covered by many artists including Harry Belafonte (on Belafonte, 1955), The Vipers Skiffle Group, The Quarrymen and Lonnie Donegan.<ref> 'Includes lyrics of song</ref> A version by Johnny Cash appears in the Cash compilation album The Legend.
Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee recorded it as a duo. Sonny Terry also recorded it with Woody Guthrie.
Children's music artist Raffi recorded the song on their 1979 album, The Corner Grocery Store.
The song is sung by members of Navin Johnson's (Steve Martin) family under the opening and end credits of Martin's 1979 comedy ‘'The Jerk''.
Allan Sherman performed a parody in the early 1960s which included the lyric, "Jump down, spin around, pick a dress of cotton / Jump down, spin around, pick a dress o' wool."
ABBA recorded it as a medley, the other tunes in the medley being "On Top of Old Smoky" and "Midnight Special". The track just titled "Medley" was recorded in 1975 and was the B-side to the 1978 vinyl single "Summer Night City". The medley also appeared as a track on the German charity album Im Zeichen eines guten Sterns on Polydor. The medley reappeared in the 1994 4-CD boxed set compilation Thank You for the Music and on the remastered ABBA (album) of 2012 as bonus track.
Dead Kennedys drummer D.H. Peligro recorded a version of this song under the name "Black Bean Chili Thing" on the 1995 self-titled album of their band Peligro.
Ludacris implemented the verse in their 2005 single "The Potion" as a breakdown before the third verse. They also reference the verse in their feature on Missy Elliott's 2002 song "Gossip Folks" on the last line of their verse.
In 2014, Country and Irish singer Derek Ryan covered it in their 2014 album The Simple Things'' also releasing a music video.
References
American folk songs
Howard Schnellenberger Field at FAU Stadium is a college football stadium located at the north end of the main campus of Florida Atlantic University (FAU) in Boca Raton, Florida. Opened in 2011, it is home to the Florida Atlantic Owls football team and is intended to be the first part of FAU's multi-use development project, "Innovation Village" as a replacement for Lockhart Stadium
After selecting an architect in 2008, the university began to raise funds for the $70 million facility with the intent to begin construction in 2009. The $70 million stadium was funded through student fees, private donations, and naming rights partnerships, some of which have yet to be determined. After fundraising efforts slowed, the school delayed construction until 2010. The stadium opened when the 2011 Florida Atlantic Owls football team lost to the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers on October 15, 2011.
Starting in 2014, FAU Stadium became home to the Boca Raton Bowl, a college football bowl game which features teams from the Mid-American Conference and in alternating years Conference USA and the American Athletic Conference.
Also starting in 2014, FAU Stadium was home to the Major League Lacrosse's Florida Launch until 2018.
The playing surface was named Howard Schnellenberger Field, after the founding coach of the Owls football program, on August 20, 2014. Schnellenberger spent the final 11 seasons of their coaching career at FAU, retiring after the 2011 season.
History
Early planning and finance
Although initial plans for a new stadium hinted at the possibility of a 40,000-seat domed facility, later plans called for a 30,000-seat open air stadium. The steel stadium would allow for future expansion up to 65,000 seats as well as a roof if needed. The architect for the stadium was finalized in July 2008 when the firms of HKS and Schenkel Shultz were awarded the contract, finishing ahead of Ellerbe Becket and HOK.
The new football stadium was projected to cost $70 million. To fund the stadium's construction, FAU secured a $12 million development rights deal with Crocker Partners LLC. In return, Crocker Partners secured the right to develop up to 2,400 new apartment-style beds on the Boca Raton campus; the first phase of 1,200 beds opened the fall 2011. On July 21, 2010, FAU trustees approved $44.6 million finance plan from Regions Bank.
FAU Stadium is one of the only collegiate football stadiums in the United States with a 180 degree view of the ocean from its highest seating positions.
Construction
The school initially expected to break ground in spring 2009 and play its inaugural home game in fall 2010 against the Michigan State Spartans; however, fundraising efforts fell short, and the stadium opening was delayed until fall 2011. Construction managers James A. Cummings, Inc. (a Tutor Perini Company) and Balfour Beatty Construction broke ground in the fall of 2010. Dant Clayton Corporation handled fabrication and installation of the stadium.
Opening season
The venue opened for the Owls' first home game on October 15, 2011, when the team lost to the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers, 20–0. The announced attendance for the game was 29,103, although attendance dropped to 16,344 for team's second home game against the Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders. The Owls finished the season with a 1–11 record, its sole win coming against the UAB Blazers on November 26 in front of a home crowd of 12,044. The team's average home attendance for the year in its new stadium was 17,565, ranking it 103rd among Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) teams.
Naming rights
Although the project had acquired approximately $3.69 million through naming rights by June 2011, the school had yet to sell the naming rights to stadium itself by the end of the team's first season in the facility. Originally, FAU aimed for a $1 million-per-year deal, but had dropped that expectation to around $400,000 by the team's first home game of the 2011 season. During halftime at that game, FAU athletic director Craig Angelos stated that the school was "very close" to making a deal.
On February 19, 2013, the school announced that the naming rights to the stadium had been secured for approximately $6 million by the GEO Group, a private prison investor and operator. The $6 million would have been paid over 12 years. The company's chief executive officer, George Zoley, is an alumnus of the school and member of the FAU Board of Trustees. In reaction to the deal, FAU play-by-play announcer Ken LaVicka dubbed the stadium "Owlcatraz". After public pressure from a handful of protests and significant bad publicity, Zoley and FAU president Mary Jane Saunders canceled the naming rights deal.
Notable events
Soccer
Structure and facilities
The stadium is the first phase of the university's Innovation Village, a multipurpose project which will include four apartment-style residence halls, of retail shopping space, and a multi-use convocation center for the basketball program modeled after Knights Plaza at the University of Central Florida. The field uses natural turf (Bermuda grass "Celebration"), and while FAU has been in Conference USA for a few seasons now, it was the only home field in the Sun Belt Conference without artificial turf. The stadium is one of a number of stadiums in Florida which use the same cultivar.
The skybox and press box overlook the Atlantic Ocean; FAU claims that no other football stadium in the United States offers a view of the open ocean.
Attendance Records
See also
List of NCAA Division I FBS football stadiums
References
External links
College football venues
Florida Atlantic Owls football
Sports venues in Boca Raton, Florida
2011 establishments in Florida
American football venues in Florida
Lacrosse venues in the United States
Former Major League Lacrosse venues
Sports venues completed in 2011
Shivraj (; 1920 - 3 June 2017) was an Indian actor.
Selected filmography
Singaar (1949)
Andolan (1951) (He played a key role)
Patita (1953)
Devdas (1955)
Seema (1955)
Dekh Kabira Roya (1957)
Miss Mary (1957)
Paigham (1959)
Ujala (1959)
Jija Ji (1961) (Punjabi film)
Junglee (1961)
Rakhi (1962)
Bharosa (1963)
Rajkumar (1964)
Janwar (1965)
Do Badan (1966)Mera Saaya (1966)Pyar Kiye Jaa (1966)Baharon Ke Sapne (1967)Shagird (1967)Aadmi (1968)Saraswatichandra (1968)Do Raaste (1969)Adhikar (1971)Anamika (1973)Yaadon Ki Baaraat (1973)Imaan (1974)Naya Din Nai Raat (1974)Ujala Hi Ujala (1974)Resham Ki Dori (1974)Aa Jaa Sanam (1975)Jaggu (1975)Salaakhen (1975)Uljhan (1975)Amar Akbar Anthony (1977)Do Musafir (1978)Kasme Vaade (1978)Rahu Ketu (1978)Sarkari Mehmaan (1979)Inspector Eagle (1979)
Jwalamukhi (1980 film)Katilon Ke Kaatil (1981)Dil-e-Nadaan (1982)Bade Dil Wala (1983)Avtaar(1983)
All Rounder (1984) Hum Hain Lajawab (1984)Aakhir Kyon? (1985)Mard (1985)Ilzaam (1986)Aap Ke Saath (1986)Ek Aur Sikander (1986)Dil Ke Jharoke Main (1997)Mrityudand'' (1997)
Television
References
External links
2017 deaths
20th-century Indian male actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Date of birth unknown
The MicVac method is a pasteurization method for the food processing industry producing ready meals. Food ingredients are inserted into a package, which is sealed. The food is then cooked and pasteurized in the sealed package. During the heating process a valve on the package opens and releases steam and oxygen. The process time is short since the food is pasteurized with microwaves. When the microwave heating process stops the valve closes. Remaining steam condenses and causes an underpressure in the package. The final result is a cooked, pasteurized and vacuum-packed product. The short cooking time in combination with the absence of oxygen in the pack is unique for the method and has many advantages. The method has been used in the food industry since 2005.
The inventor of the technique is Dr. Joel Haamer and the company MicVac was founded in August 2000. Already in the 1970s, when Haamer tried to find a solution for better taking care of mussels, which are heat-sensitive and easily get rancid, they got the first ideas to the method. In the end of the 1990s, the microwave technology had reached such progress that Haamer's idea was patented. During 5 years the development work took place and then, in 2005, the method was commercialized.
References
External links
Micvac is mentioned on the website SIK - the Swedish Institute for Food and Biotechnology. Note! In swedish
Programme; 5th International Thermal Processing Conference: new thermal technologies. Organized by CCFRA (Campden and Chorleywood Food Research Association)
Food preservation
Thomas Scott (baptised 18 October 1746 – July 29, 1824) was a judge and political figure in Upper Canada.
They were born in the parish of Kingoldrum, Angus, Scotland and studied law at Lincoln's Inn in London. They were called to the bar in 1793. In 1800, they were appointed attorney general in Upper Canada and arrived in York in 1801. They were appointed to the Executive Council for the province in 1805. They were the fourth Treasurer of the Law Society of Upper Canada from 1805 until they became Chief Justice for Upper Canada succeeding Henry Allcock and was appointed to the Executive Council in 1806.
In 1811, already suffering from ill health, Scott applied for a pension so that they could retire, but was refused. During the War of 1812, the administration sought to ensure the loyalty of its subjects by imposing martial law and, in 1814, by prosecuting those who had expressed sympathy for the enemy with treason in a series of trials at Ancaster known as the "Bloody Assize". Fifteen men were condemned to death of which eight were executed. These actions increased Scott's workload.
In 1816, Scott was finally granted a pension and retired. They were succeeded by William Dummer Powell as Chief Justice for the province. Scott died at York (Toronto) in 1824.
Scott Township in Ontario County, Ontario, now part of Uxbridge, was named after Scott.
Scott Street (and Scott Lane) in the St. Lawrence neighbourhood of Toronto are also named after Thomas Scott.
References
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Chief justices of Upper Canada
1746 births
1824 deaths
Members of the Legislative Council of Upper Canada
People from Angus, Scotland
People from Old Toronto
Scottish emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Treasurers of the Law Society of Upper Canada
Attorneys-General of Upper Canada
Immigrants to Upper Canada
Scottish lawyers
Members of Lincoln's Inn
The vroedschap () was the name for the (all male) city council in the early modern Netherlands; the member of such a council was called a vroedman, literally a "wise man". An honorific title of the vroedschap was the vroede vaderen, the "wise fathers"
Most early modern Dutch cities were ruled by a government of male burghers or poorters (bourgeois) who were members of the regent class, the ruling elite. During late Medieval times, the regents had in all cities gradually managed to exclude men of the artisan class from membership, making themselves a sort of hereditary city nobility. In the Dutch Republic, a city administration consisted of the magistrate and the vroedschap. The magistrate (or city government) consisted of a number, often four, of burgomasters assisted by a number of aldermen (schepenen), and looked after the daily administration of the city. In most cities, the mayors were chosen for a period of four years. The previous (and usually the youngest) mayor was responsible for the schutterij, the civil militia. The vroedschap appointed the magistrate, mostly from its own ranks; sometimes other members of the regent class were proposed. There was a complicated system of drawing lots and in many cities a shortlist was made from which the stadtholder, the highest provincial executive official, could choose; from 1748 this became a general system for the Dutch Republic.
The vroedschap was convened on financial questions, sometimes on national politics, and always for elections for the appointment of important local posts, such as governor appointments for institutions like the poor house, orphanage, and almshouses. The vroedschap thus served the economic interests in which its members had an important share. In contrast to magistrates, vroedschapsleden ("members of the city council") were appointed for life. The council consisted of ten to forty citizens, that met weekly or less often. They chose one or two new mayors and representatives to the Provincial States in January each year.
Membership was based on uitverkiezing (cooptation) and inheritance. Family ties were important, as were good breeding and social status in the community. Vroedmannen had to satisfy three basic conditions: male, membership of the Calvinist church and ownership of a house. Although city administrations, by present standards, were more oligarchic than meritocratic, family ties never formed a formal legal basis for election.
In times of crisis, the stadholder sometimes appointed new vroedschapsleden in a province, to ensure that their followers were in power, a so-called wetsverzetting ("change of the legislative"). This happened in 1619, 1672, 1748 and 1787. There was no legal basis for such an act.
Dutch words and phrases
Political history of the Netherlands
Early Modern Netherlands
A rhine/rhyne (Somerset), rhine/rhyne (Gloucestershire), or reen (South Wales) (all pronounced "reen"; from Old English ryne or Welsh rhewyn or rhewin "ditch") is a term used in parts of England and Wales for a drainage ditch, or canal, used to turn areas of wetland close to sea level into useful pasture.
Water levels (and hence the level of the water table) will usually be controlled by a system of sluice gates and pumps, allowing the land to become wetter at times of the year when this will improve grass growth. Rhynes represent an early method of swamp or marsh drainage. Large sections of swampland were surrounded by trenches deep enough to drain the water from the encircled mound and leave the land relatively dry. Regular clearing and dredging is necessary to keep the rhynes clear of debris so that they flow freely.
Rhynes have been used extensively in the United Kingdom, especially on marshy coastal areas such as the Somerset Levels, and the North Somerset Levels. Other examples in England exist in the Framilode and Saul area of Gloucestershire, where they drain into either the River Severn or Sharpness Canal, and the Pilning Levels alongside the Severn Estuary in South Gloucestershire between Avonmouth and Aust. In southeast Wales, they can be found on the Caldicot and Wentloog Levels. Many of them are still in use today.
Many rhynes in England and Wales are maintained as part of the water resource management operations of internal drainage boards. The rhynes near Wembdon village have some early references, including Fichet's rhyne in 1579 and the Great or Wildmarsh rhyne in 1705.
The etymology of the name is unclear. Some sources claim that rhyne is derived from the Irish word rathin, a diminutive of rath —a circular mound or entrenchment.
Gallery
See also
Ditch
Water supply and sanitation in England and Wales
References
Drainage canals
Hydraulic engineering
Water supply and sanitation in England and Wales
Bagneux may refer to:
Communes in France
Bagneux, Aisne
Bagneux, Allier
Bagneux, Hauts-de-Seine
Bagneux, Indre
Bagneux, Marne
Bagneux, Meurthe-et-Moselle
Bagneux-la-Fosse, Aube
Other
Bagneux British Cemetery, département of the Somme
Cimetière parisien de Bagneux
Franklin Taylor Mason (born February 22, 1956) is a comedian, ventriloquist and musician.
Early life
Mason was raised on a farm in the suburb of Chicago, where their father was a farm news broadcaster on radio and TV. Mason graduated from the Ottawa Township Highschool in 1974 and went on to attend the University of Illinois where they majored in agriculture and communication. Mason graduated from the University of Illinois in 1979. They were first introduced to puppets by their parents at the age of 9.
Career
While Mason was attending the University of Illinois, they suffered a knee injury during a football game. During recovery Mason started performing as a disc-jockey and stand-up comedian at their fraternity. They mixed up their act by adding music, piano and ventriloquism to it. They soon started performing at various Chicago piano bars. According to Mason, when they started out as a comedian, they were the only ventriloquist in Chicago.
In 1981, Mason was hired as the musical director of "The Second City Touring Company", a comedy improv group where Mason worked alongside other comedians such as Dan Castellaneta. While working at "The Second City Touring Company", Mason also met their future wife Marisa.
Mason continued their ventriloquist act and also worked on their Masters in advertising. They graduated with a degree from the Northwestern University in 1983. By the end of their time at Northwestern, Mason was working full time as a comedian and performing at the Zanies Comedy Club in Chicago.
From 1986 to 1989, Mason performed comedy shows at the New York City's Catch a Rising Star. By 1990, Mason started appearing on comedy television shows. During a period of 11 years starting from 1989, Mason did over 1,500 college shows across the country.
In 1990, Mason auditioned for Star Search and later on they won the competition in 1991. Currently, Mason is working on their Dry Bar Comedy Series.
Mason has authored two books on ventriloquism. They wrote their first book, A Complete Idiots Guide to Ventriloquism'', while they were working at the Second City Touring Company. Their second book titled "Irreversible" was published in 2019.
Personal life
Mason lives with their wife in Beach Haven, New Jersey. The couple have two adult sons.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Ventriloquists
Illinois Fighting Illini football players
Medill School of Journalism alumni
Musicians from Illinois
People from Hinsdale, Illinois
Comedians from Illinois
Otyrar (, ) is a district of Turkistan Region in southern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Shauildir. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Turkistan Region
Guisin of Baekje (?–427, r. 420–427) was the nineteenth king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. They were the eldest son of King Jeonji and Lady Palsu.
The traditional dates of Guisin's rule are based on the Samguk Sagi, however, only the date of enthronement and their death is recorded.
Based on more contemporaneous Chinese records, the historian J. W. Best has suggested that the years 414–429 or 430 are more plausible.
Different accounts regarding the reign of the king
By the records of Samguk Sagi, they reigned from 420 to 427 AD for eight years, which can be calculated from the record. However, the Book of Song does not mention Guisin as the king and goes straight from Jeonji (written as 餘映.Read as yeoyeong) to Biyu (written as 餘毗.Read as Yeobi) Nihon Shoki accounts that Guisin was young that a Japanese figure ruled for them and quotes from a record of Baekje that is now lost.
Family
Father: Jeonji of Baekje
Mother: Lady Palsu (八須夫人, 생몰년 미상) – from the Jin clan.
Queen: unknown
Buyeo Bi (扶餘毗, ?–455) – 20th King of Baekje, Biyu of Baekje.
See also
History of Korea
List of Monarchs of Korea
References
Content in this article was copied from Samguk Sagi Scroll 23 at the Shoki Wiki, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 (Unported) (CC-BY-SA 3.0) license.
Best, J.W. (1979). "Notes and questions concerning the Samguk sagi'''s chronology of Paekche's kings Chonji, Guishin, and Piyu". Korean Studies'' 3, 125–134.
Baekje rulers
5th-century monarchs in Asia
5th-century Korean people
The following article presents a summary of the 1957 football (soccer) season in Brazil, which was the 56th season of competitive football in the country.
Torneio Rio-São Paulo
Final Standings
Fluminense declared as the Torneio Rio-São Paulo champions.
State championship champions
Brazil national team
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1957.
References
Brazilian competitions at RSSSF
1957 Brazil national team matches at RSSSF
Seasons in Brazilian football
Brazil
La mascotte (The Mascot) is a three-act opéra comique with music by Edmond Audran and words by Alfred Duru and Henri Chivot. The story concerns a farm girl who is a "mascotte": someone with the mystic power to bring good luck to all around her, so long as they remain a virgin.
The opera opened at the Théâtre des Bouffes Parisiens, Paris, on 28 December 1880, and had an initial run of 301 performances. Productions followed in other continental European countries, the Americas, Britain and Australia. The title of the piece introduced the word "mascotte" into standard French usage, "mascot" into English, and other variants of it into several more languages.
Background and first performance
In 1880 "mascotte" was a fairly new French slang word derived from the Provençal term mascoto, meaning "spell" or "bewitchment". At the time it was as unknown to standard French dictionaries as to English. According to Audran's son, the inspiration for La mascotte came from a trinket given to Audran's wife, who was from Provençe, by their seafaring brother; it was a good-luck charm that nobody but Madame Audran was allowed to touch: "Edmond, ne touche pas à ma mascotte". Audran conceived the idea that a person might also be a mascotte, and suggested this as a theme to their collaborators, the librettists Alfred Duru and Henri Chivot.
La mascotte came near the beginning of Audran's career as a composer of works for the Parisian stage. Their first big success, Les noces d'Olivette, opened at the Théâtre des Bouffes Parisiens in 1879, and La mascotte was written for the same house. It opened on 28 December 1880 and ran for 472 performances, taking well over a million francs at the box office.
At the premiere of the piece four principals were making their Paris debuts, all of them successfully. The two women were Marie Montbazon (later known as Marie Grisier-Montbazon), who played Bettina, and Mdlle Dinelli (Fiametta). The former was from a theatrical family well known in the French provinces, making their Paris debut at the age of 21; they went on to a successful career, starring in new works by Audran and others during the 1880s and 1890s. Dinelli as Fiametta was equally well received, but had a short career, curtailed by mental illness in 1883. The two male débutants were the tenors: the lyric Lamy and the comic Raucourt, both praised by the Revue musicale.
Roles
Source: Vocal score.
Synopsis
The action is set in the principality of Piombino, Tuscany in the 16th century.
Act I
Rocco, a farmer, is the persistent victim of misfortune. However hard they work, things keep going wrong for him. They compare themselves ruefully to their brother Antonio, who farms with great success just down the road. To their dismay, Antonio sends them a new worker, Bettina, a keeper of turkeys, and girlfriend of their shepherd, Pippo: Rocco feels they are not in need of more workers but of better luck.
Bettina brings with them a letter from Antonio, which Rocco neglects to read. Had they read it they would know that Bettina is a mascotte, who mysteriously brings good fortune to their employer and everyone else with whom they are connected. Such beings were created by the benevolent God to counter the evil that stalks the world. As long as they remain pure and chaste their power continues; only a virgin can be a mascotte. As soon as Bettina arrives Rocco's luck starts to improve. The ruler of the principality, Laurent XVII, is out hunting with their daughter, Fiametta, and their fiancé, Prince Fritellini of Pisa, and honours Rocco's farm with a visit. Laurent is as jinxed as Rocco. They lose wars, makes disastrous investments, has no luck when hunting, and has a rebellious daughter who baulks at an arranged marriage with Fritellini. Laurent's bad fortune continues: they tumble into a barrel of wine. Rocco provides them with a change of clothes, in which Laurent finds Antonio's unread letter. Reading it they discover the truth about Bettina's mystic power and decrees that they must accompany them to their court. They fabricate a story that they have been discovered to be a long-lost aristocrat.
Act II
Since Bettina has been resident at the castle, prosperity has returned to the Prince's affairs.  They are so solicitous about their comfort that the court believes they are their mistress, although in fact they are determined that they shall not be anyone's mistress, as their continued beneficent influence as mascotte depends on their continuing virginity. Pippo, disguised as one of a troupe of entertainers, gets into the castle and finds their beloved. Recognised, they are arrested and thrown into a dungeon, where Fiametta visits him. They noticed them on the farm and found them highly attractive. They are discovered tête-à-tête, but Laurent, far from being angry, finds it convenient to marry their daughter off to Pippo, as this will remove any danger that Bettina and Pippo might marry. Bettina, angry at what they see as Pippo's desertion, says they will marry Laurent. Fritellini, furious, leaves the palace, threatening retaliation. Their father is ruler of the powerful neighbouring state of Pisa, and there will be war. Pippo and Bettina, realising that they are being manipulated, escape through a window.
Act III
Without their mascotte, Laurent's luck has become dreadful again.  They are defeated in battle by Fritellini's forces. Pippo and Bettina have joined the latter's ranks. Laurent and Fiametta flee the castle, disguised as vagabonds. They arrive at Fritellini's camp just as the marriage of Captain Pippo and Bettina is taking place. The Prince is delighted, as this will end the good luck the mascotte has brought to Fritellini and those around him. Rocco, to avenge themselves on the fallen autocrat, explains to Pippo about the mascotte and the consequences if they consummate their marriage: they will lose their high status in Fritellini's company and become a simple shepherd again. Pippo hesitates, but love wins. The fugitive Prince and their daughter are recognised and arrested. Fiametta is so beautiful in their rags and Fritellini looks so dashing in their beautiful uniform that the two are reconciled and the war can be ended. Happiness becomes general when it emerges that being a mascotte is hereditary, and Bettina emerges from the bridal chamber blushing and promising to have twins.
Source: Gänzl's Book of the Musical Theatre.
Numbers
Acte I
Overture
Chorus – "La vendange se termine" – Harvesting is over
Couplets of sweet wine (3 peasants) – "Il fait fuir l'humeur morose" – It banishes gloom
Ballade (Pippo, chorus) – "Un jour le diable" – One day the devil
Chorus of village boys – "Allons la belle" – Come, pretty one
Couplets (Bettina) – "N'avancez pas ou je tape" – Don't approach me or I'll hit you
Chorus – "On aime à voir après la chasse" – After the hunt one loves to see
Couplets of omens (Laurent) – "Les gens sensés et sages" – Wise and sagacious people
Couplets (Fiametta) – "Ah! qu'il est beau" – Ah, how fine it is
Couplets of "je ne sais quoi" (Fritellini, Fiametta) – "D'un athlète ou d'un villageois" – An athlete or a villager
Duet (Bettina, Pippo) – "Je sens lorsque je t'aperçois" – I feel when I see you
Finale (all) – "On sonne, on sonne" – They ring the bells
Act II
Entr'acte
Chorus – "Qu'elle est belle" –  They are beautiful,
Couplets (pages) – "Excusez mon audace extrême" – Excuse my extreme boldness
Duet (Bettina, Laurent) – "Ah laissez-moi!" – Oh leave me!
Couplets (Bettina) – "Que je regrette mon village" – How I miss my village
Chorus – "Ah! quel spectacle charmant" – Ah, what a charming sight
Air (Pippo) – "Salut à vous seigneur!" – Hail, Prince
Duet (Pippo, Bettina) – "Sais-tu que ces beaux habits-là" – Do you know these beautiful clothes
Couplets (Fritellini) – "Des courtisans qui passeront" – Courtiers, as they pass
Couplets (Laurent) – "Chasser le cerf au son du cor" – Hunting the deer to the sound of the horn
Finale (all) – "C'est le futur de la princesse" –  They are the princess's intended
Acte III
Entr'acte
Chorus of soldiers – "Verse, verse à boire" – Pour, pour the drinks
Entrance of the Prince (Fritellini) – "Très bien? bonjour, soldat" et – Very good, hello, soldier
Couplets of the tambour (Fritellini) – "De nos pas marquant la cadence" – Marking time for our steps
Entrance of the strolling minstrels (chorus) – "Ne tremblez pas braves gens" – Do not tremble, good people
Song of the orang-outan (Fiametta) – "Le grand singe d'Amérique" – The great ape of America
Entrance of the wedding party (Pippo, chorus) – "Je touche au but" – I am nearing the goal
Quartet (Bettina, Pipo, Laurent, Rocco) – "Quoi Pippo! quand je vous réclame" – What Pippo! When I call you
Finale (all) – "Pourquoi donc crier ainsi" – Why shout so.
Source: Vocal score.
Revivals and adaptations
There were twelve revivals of the piece in Paris between 1883 and 1944.
The work was presented in Vienna at the Theater an der Vienna on 12 February 1881 and revived in 1893. Brussels first saw the piece the next month. The first production in New York was at the Bijou Opera House on 5 May 1881, starring Emma Howson. Ten New York revivals between then and 1887 (including one in German) are detailed in Gänzl's Book of the Musical Theatre, which notes that there were regular productions in subsequent years, including 1892, 1909 and 1926.
The first London production was at the Comedy Theatre, on 15 October 1881 in an adaptation by Robert Reece and H. B. Farnie. The piece was revived in the West End in 1882, 1884, 1888 and 1893. It was staged in Berlin at the Friedrich-Wilhelmstadtisches Theater on 25 October 1881. An Australian production was presented at the Theatre Royal, Sydney on 25 October 1882. There were productions in Italy (1882) and Brazil (1888). The town of Piombino in Tuscany, where the opera is supposedly set, staged a production in 2012.
A film version of La mascotte was directed by Léon Mathot in 1935 starring Germaine Roger and Lucien Baroux.
Critical reception
The Annales du théâtre et de la musique commented that the piece starts off as opéra comique but in the second act crosses the boundary into opérette, "but none the worse for that". The writer observed that they had judged the score by higher standards than applied to most light operatic shows, which was a compliment to Audran; of the twenty-plus numbers in their score, there were five or six where the composer's personal imagination and musicianship were, the reviewer considered, displayed with complete originality. Reviewing the Paris production, The Morning Post found the work "a decided advance" on Audran's earlier work, the music "tasteful and pleasing throughout, with a gay amusing story, wittily told."
Recordings
The Académie Nationale de l'Opérette lists two complete recordings of the opera, one conducted by Ronald Benedetti, with Geneviève Moizan, Denise Cauchard, Robert Massard and Lucien Baroux, and the other conducted by Marcel Cariven, with
Freda Betti, Huguette Hennetier, Willy Clément, Gaston Rey, Raymond Amade and Robert Destain. The Académie Nationale site lists two complete video recordings, the first from 1957, the second from 1961, both conducted by Georges Derveaux.
Notes, references and sources
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Vocal score in English, including plot synopsis
French-language operas
Operas by Edmond Audran
1880 operas
Opéras comiques
Operas
CPR Parkdale Yard was a Canadian Pacific Railway marshalling yard and repair facility in Toronto built during the 1870s by predecessor Credit Valley Railway. The small facility, located at King and Dufferin Streets, became inadequate and the shops facility closed in 1890. It was replaced by West Toronto Yard.
The site on the northside of East Liberty Street of the old yard has been taken over by residential condo towers and low rise townhouses (Liberty Central by the Lake), as well as Bill Johnston Park.
References
Parkdale Yard
Canadian Pacific Railway facilities
Rail infrastructure in Toronto
is a Japanese actor and voice actor.  They are married to singer Isao Sasaki and is a childhood friend of fellow voice actor Katsuji Mori.
Notable voice work
Anime television series
8 Man (Sachiko Seki)
City Hunter (Megumi Iwasaki)
Chōdenji Robo Combattler V (Chizuru Nanbara)
Chōdenji Machine Voltes V (Megumi Oka)
Gatchaman II (Professor Pandora)
Lady Georgie (Mother)
Lupin III Part III (Sarah)
Lupin III (2nd Series) (Cornelia, Patra Lawrence (fake))
Miyuki (Miyuki Kashima's mother)
The Rose of Versailles (Marie Antoinette)
Space Battleship Yamato (Starsha)
Space Battleship Yamato: The New Journey (Starsha)
Tekkaman: The Space Knight (Hiromi Tenchi)
Tōshō Daimos (Erika)
Weiß Kreuz (Rex)
OVA
The Galaxy Railways (Louie Fort Drake's mother)
Movies
Farewell Space Battleship Yamato (Teresa)
Be Forever Yamato (Starsha)
Mobile Suit Gundam (Icelina Eschonbach)
The Secret of NIMH (Mrs. Brisby)
Games
Space Battleship Yamato Series (Starsha)
The Distant Star Iscandar
Memories of Iscandar
Super Robot Wars Series (Chizuru Nanbara, Megumi Oka)
TV Drama
Kamen Rider (Fumie Kawamoto, guest actor in episode 29)
Barom One (Shizuka Shiratori)
Ganbare!! Robokon (Yoshiko Ogawa)
Overseas dubbing
Charlie's Angels – Kelly Garrett (Jaclyn Smith)
The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1982 TV Asahi edition) – Isabelle (Sylvia Kristel)
The Eiger Sanction – Jemima Brown (Vonetta McGee)
Mac and Me – Janet Cruise (Christine Ebersole)
Tourist Trap – Becky (Tanya Roberts)
References
External links
Japanese voice actores
1944 births
Living people
People from Tokyo
Aoni Production voice actors
The Little Hawkeye Conference is a high school athletic conference in central Iowa. With Oskaloosa dropping from 4A to 3A for the 2010–11 school year, the conference now has only two 4A schools (Newton & Indianola). The majority of the membership is made up of only 3A schools, the second largest class of schools in Iowa. Although, Norwalk is on the verge of moving up to 4A.
Members
Grinnell will be joining the WaMaC Conference in 2023.
History
The conference was formed in 1983 by Norwalk, Clarke, Winterset and Saydel.
In 1988, the conference doubles, adding Perry, Carlisle, Johnston and Nevada.
In 1991, Perry and Saydel depart for the Raccoon River Conference, and Boone and Pella Christian join the conference.
Carlisle and Nevada left the conference after the 1995–96 school year for the Raccoon River Conference. Clarke (Osceola) left the same year to join the reformed South Central Conference. Grinnell, Knoxville and Pella were added from the South Central Conference after it folded after the 1995–96 school year. (The Conference reformed with smaller schools the same year.) Oskaloosa also applied for membership but was denied so they joined the Southeast 7.
After the 1997–98 school year, Johnston left for the CIML, and Winterset left for the Raccoon River Conference. Oskaloosa was added from the Southeast 7 Conference for the 1998–99 school year. At the turn of the century, the Little Hawkeye Conference was an eight team league consisting of Boone, Grinnell, Knoxville, Norwalk, Oskaloosa, Pella, Pella Christian, and Waukee.
For the 2006–07 school year, Waukee, who had recently moved up to 4A status and was one of Iowa's fastest growing school districts, left the league for the Central Iowa Metro League. They were replaced by Newton, whose recently resignation from the CIML had coincidentally opened the door for Waukee to join the conference. South Tama, formerly of the WaMaC Conference also joined the league that year, and the conference played with nine schools until Boone left in 2009 to join the Raccoon River Conference, a much better geographical fit for the school. South Tama left the conference for the North Iowa Cedar League in 2011.
Indianola High School explored the option of leaving the Central Iowa Metro League to join the league, however, in June 2010, the Indianola School Board voted unanimously to stay in the CIML. Indianola is still a 4A school, but is seeing its enrollment figures drop and is now the smallest school in the CIML. In late 2012, Dallas Center–Grimes was admitted into the league as its eighth member for the 2013–14 school year. However, membership reverted to seven for the 2014–15 school year, as Knoxville moved to the South Central Conference. Indianola then joined the Conference from the CIML for the 2016–17 school year. Grinnell will leave for the WaMac Conference in the near future.
External links
Official site
References
High school sports in Iowa
Iliosuchus (meaning "crocodile hipped") is a genus of theropod dinosaur known from Bathonian–age (168.3 – 166.1 mya) rocks of England. It was perhaps long.
The only known fossils of this genus are three ilia (BMNH R83, OUM J29780 and OUM J28971) from the Stonesfield Slate, Oxfordshire, England. From the holotype BMNH R83, Friedrich von Huene described and named the only species, I. incognitus, in 1932. The generic name is derived from the ilium and Greek Souchos, the crocodile god. The specific name means "unknown" in Latin. Another species, I. clevelandi, was proposed in 1976 by Peter Galton, who assigned Stokesosaurus clevelandi to Iliosuchus, but this has found no acceptance among other researchers; in 1980 Galton themselves withdrew their opinion.
The Iliosuchus ilia, very small with a length of nine to ten centimetres, have a vertical supra–acetabular ridge on the surface, similar to tyrannosaurids and many other predatory dinosaurs belonging to the group Tetanurae, including Piatnitzkysaurus and Megalosaurus. Such fragmentary and incomplete material is inadequate for accurate classification; nonetheless, Iliosuchus has sometimes been considered a tyrannosaurid ancestor. This is unlikely to be correct as the bones cannot be distinguished from small individuals of Megalosaurus, a megalosaurid. Whatever the case, Iliosuchus is not diagnostic and is therefore dubious. If Iliosuchus incognitus is a tyrannosauroid, it would be a possible ancestor to Proceratosaurus, the earliest recognized tyrannosauroid, and would be the earliest of the tyrannosauroids.
See also
Timeline of tyrannosaur research
References
Prehistoric coelurosaurs
Bathonian life
Middle Jurassic dinosaurs of Europe
Jurassic England
Fossils of England
Fossil taxa described in 1932
Taxa named by Friedrich von Huene
Nomina dubia
Stanley Chukwudi Oganbor (born 10 July 1998) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward.
Career
FC Tulsa
On 9 February 2021, Oganbor signed with USL Championship side FC Tulsa. They made their debut on 2 June 2021, appearing as a 72nd-minute substitute during a 4–1 loss to Sporting Kansas City II.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Association football forwards
People from Lagos
Nigerian footballers
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
FK Inter Bratislava players
FC Tulsa players
USL Championship players
Frederick F. Brainard (February 17, 1892 – April 17, 1959) was an infielder in Major League Baseball. They played for the New York Giants between 1914–1916. They then played for various minor league teams, including a stint as player-manager of the International League Newark Bears in 1923 and 1924.
References
External links
1892 births
1959 deaths
Major League Baseball infielders
New York Giants (NL) players
Minor league baseball managers
Baseball players from Illinois
Sportspeople from Champaign, Illinois
Illinois Fighting Illini baseball players
Austin Senators players
Beaumont Oilers players
Providence Grays (minor league) players
Columbus Senators players
Newark Bears (IL) players
Wichita Falls Spudders players
Dallas Steers players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Reynolds Nunatak () is a nunatak at the south side of the terminus of Leverett Glacier, 12 miles north of Mount Herr. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Clifford E. Reynolds, electrician with the Byrd Station winter party in 1957.
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
To Speak Now World Tour was the second concert tour by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, was launched in support of their third studio album Speak Now (2010). The tour began on February 9, 2011 in Singapore and ended on March 18, 2012 in Auckland, New Zealand.
The tour received positive reception from critics, lauding the visuals as well as Swift's connection with their audience and stage performance. It was ranked 10th in Pollstar's "Top 50 Worldwide Tour (Mid-Year)", earning over $40 million. At the conclusion of 2011, the tour was placed fourth on Pollstar's annual "Top 25 Worldwide Tours", earning $104.2 million with 100 shows. This made it the highest-grossing female and solo tour of 2011.
Multiple dates across the North American leg were recorded and released for a concert film and live album—both entitled Speak Now World Tour – Live—on November 21, 2011.
Background and development
I'm so excited to go back out on tour again in 2011! The 'Fearless Tour' was so much fun and even more unforgettable than I ever imagined, and I can't wait to get back out and play my new music from Speak Now! The fans have been so amazing and I'm thrilled to play in new cities around the world and meet even more of my fans in 2011!
While promoting Speak Now, Swift mentioned their excitement for their upcoming tour. They stated that the tour was going to be "big" and "extensive". On November 23, 2010, various media outlets—including Billboard magazine announced the second tour by Swift. It follows their successful Fearless Tour which played for over 100 dates in over five countries. The tour marked the singer's first tour to perform in stadiums. Before the tour commenced, Swift performed "The Allure of Taylor Swift" aboard the MV Allure of the Seas at the Allure of the Seas Aquatheater, as a part of Royal Caribbean Cruises on January 21, 2011 in Cozumel, Mexico. Swift used Tom Petty's "American Girl" as their entrance song.
Arm lyrics
During the North American and Australasian tour legs, Swift wrote different song lyrics, and occasionally quotes from famous speeches and movies, on their left arm for each performance. They have said that the lyrics should be viewed as a nightly "mood ring" and The New Yorker has cited the practice as an example of Swift's "keen understanding of what fuels fan obsession in the first place: a desire for intimacy between singer and listener".
Acoustic cover versions
Swift performed many acoustic cover versions during their North American tour. In each city, they paid tribute to a homegrown artist. They have said the cover versions allowed them to be "spontaneous" in an otherwise well-rehearsed show: "You'll have a lot of people who will come to more than one show, and I want them to get a different experience every time."
Set list
The following set list is from the May 27, 2011 show in Omaha, Nebraska. It is not intended to represent all dates throughout the tour.
"Sparks Fly"
"Mine"
"The Story of Us"
"Our Song"
"Mean"
"Back to December" (contains elements of "Apologize" and "You're Not Sorry")
"Better than Revenge"
"Speak Now"
"Fearless" (contains elements of "Hey, Soul Sister" and "I'm Yours")
"Last Kiss"
"You Belong with Me"
"Dear John"
"Enchanted"
"Haunted"
"Long Live"
Encore
Tour dates
Notes
References
External links
Taylor Swift concert tours
2011 concert tours
2012 concert tours
The Oklahoma Department of Labor (ODOL) is an agency of the government of Oklahoma that is headed by the Oklahoma Labor Commissioner, a statewide elected position. ODOL is responsible for supervising the administration of all state laws relating to labor and workplace safety and gathers and publishes information about the workforce of Oklahoma.
The present Commissioner of Labor is Leslie Osborn who was elected by the people in November 2018 and took office January 2019.
Responsibilities
The ODOL is responsible for the administration and enforcement of the State's minimum wage law, enforces the State's child labor laws, oversees that State's workers' compensation insurance compliance program, and investigates and mediates of unpaid wages disputes.
Additionally, the ODOL has jurisdiction for the inspection of welded steam lines, boiler and pressure vessels, elevators, amusement and water rides, and water heaters in public facilities. The Department is responsible for the certification of welders and weld-testing laboratories as well as the regulation and certification of asbestos workers. The ODOL is also the primary enforcement agency of occupational safety and health for public employees across the State.
History
In August 1907 delegates from the Twin-Territorial Federation of Labor, the State Farmers' Union, and the Railroad Brotherhoods met in Shawnee and formulated a list of 24 demands for the forthcoming constitutional convention. The 12th demand called for the establishment of State Department of Labor and Commerce.
Consequently, when the new state constitution was ratified by delegates to the constitutional convention in 1907 the Oklahoma Department of Labor was created. Since its inception, the Oklahoma Department of Labor has functioned continuously for more than 100 years under the direction of 18 different Commissioners and 22 governors.
Oklahoma's first Commissioner of Labor was Charles A. Daugherty, who served for two four-year terms from 1907 to 1915, under Governors C.N. Haskell and Lee Cruce. At that time, the Labor Department was located in Guthrie, as were all state agencies. The original staff consisted of five people: a commissioner; an assistant commissioner; a state factory inspector; a superintendent of the State Free Employment Bureau; and a stenographer.
Due largely to the infusion of federal funds from Wagner-Peyser and Social Security grants, the Oklahoma Employment Service and the Unemployment Compensation and Placement Division of the Oklahoma Department of Labor had grown to include more than 300 employees in 33 offices throughout the state by 1940. Federal grants accounted for 85 percent of the funds budgeted for these activities.
Then, in 1941, the 18th Legislature amended the Oklahoma Unemployment Compensation Law extensively, changing the name to the Oklahoma Security Act, and renamed administration of the Act from the Commissioner of Labor to the Oklahoma Employment Security Commission. By FY 1940-41, the Department of Labor had been reduced to 16 employees operating on only 11 percent of the previous year's budget.
Today the Department of Labor has an authorized staff of 86 with one office in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The present Commissioner of Labor is Lesie Orborn who was elected by the people in November 2018 and took office January 2019.
Divisions
As the head of the Department of Labor, the Labor Commissioner supervises, directs, and controls the following agencies Labor Divisions:
Commissioner of Labor
Deputy Commissioner
Administration Division - provides administrative support and handles the business functions of the Department, including responsibility for communications, finance and accounting, human resources, purchasing, research, agency legal services, legislative affairs and constituent services, information technology and data processing services, mail and reception
Finance Unit
Legal Affairs Unit
Information Technology Unit
Asbestos Abatement Division - responsible for ensuring asbestos abatement projects are accomplished safely and in accordance with the law, and also administers an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) grant program to manage asbestos hazards in schools
Employment Standards Division
Child Labor Unit - responsible for enforcement of Oklahoma's Child Labor statutes
Wage and Hour Unit - responsible for processing all wage claims under the Labor Department's jurisdiction
Public Employee Occupational Safety and Health Division (PEOSH) - provides consultation and enforcement services to public sector employers to protect public employees from workplace accidents and injuries.
Safety Pay OSHA Consultation Division - provides free, confidential, voluntary and non-punitive safety and health consultation services to private sector employers in the state
Safety Standards Division - regulates the installation, operation and maintenance of boilers, pressure vessels, hot water heaters and amusement rides, and also regulates welding practices
Licensing Division - handles State-wide licensing for asbestos, welding, weld test facilities and weld inspectors, amusements, alarm, locksmith, fire sprinkler, elevator, alternative fuels, and boilers/pressure vessels.
Statistical Research Analysis Division - responsible for conducting occupational safety and health surveys in conjunction with the United States Department of Labor's Bureau of Labor Statistics and for providing incident and research information to assist safety officials with their safety programs.
Staffing
The Labor Department, with an annual budget of just over $7 million, is one of the smaller employers of the State. For fiscal year 2018, the Department was authorized 86 full-time employees.
See also
Oklahoma Labor Commissioner
Governor of Oklahoma
Oklahoma Employment Security Commission
References
External links
Oklahoma Department of Labor official website
Labor, Department of
State departments of labor of the United States
Choi Min-kyu (; born August 31, 1992) is a South Korean sprint canoeist. They competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the men's K-2 200 metres race with Cho Kwang-hee; the two placed ninth.
References
1992 births
Living people
South Korean male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of South Korea
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in canoeing
Canoeists at the 2018 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Events during the year 2016 in Ireland.
Incumbents
President: Michael D. Higgins
Taoiseach: Enda Kenny (FG)
Tánaiste:
Joan Burton (Lab) (until 6 May 2016)
Frances Fitzgerald (FG) (from 6 May 2016)
Minister for Finance: Michael Noonan (FG)
Chief Justice: Susan Denham
Dáil:
31st (until 3 February 2016)
32nd (from 10 March 2016)
Seanad:
24th (until 9 February 2016)
25th (from 8 June 2016)
Events
January
Memorials and events marking the Centenary of the Easter Rising takes place nationwide throughout the year.
Flooding takes place across the country causing widespread damage.
February
3 February – Taoiseach Enda Kenny dissolves the 31st Dáil and announces 26 February as the date of a general election.
5 February – One man is killed and two other people are wounded during a shooting at the Regency Hotel in Dublin.
8 February – Another man is shot dead in a gangland shooting in Dublin.
26 February – The 2016 general election takes place.
March
Talks on government formation begin.
10 March – The 32nd Dáil meets for the first time but fails to elect a Taoiseach.
20 March – Five members of the same family from Derry die after their car slips off the pier at Buncrana into Lough Swilly.
27 March (Easter Sunday) – The Easter Rising centenary parade takes place in Dublin city to commemorate the start of the Easter Rising.
April
Talks on government formation continue.
6 April – The 32nd Dáil again fails to elect a Taoiseach.
14 April – The 32nd Dáil fails for the third time to elect a Taoiseach. On the same day, an innocent man is shot dead in Dublin.
May
Talks on government formation continue.
6 May – The 32nd Dáil at last elects a Taoiseach. The new cabinet is announced.
9 May – A gathering of naturists on Curracloe Strand is criticised by Mayor of Wexford Ger Carthy. No other complains are made. A spokesperson for the Irish Naturist Association (INA) states no one had asked the men and women, some carrying backpacks containing their picnics, to leave.
20 May – Brendan Howlin was elected unopposed as leader of the Labour Party, succeeding Joan Burton.
June
13 June – Ireland enter Euro 2016.
September
2 September – the body of Philip Finnegan, missing since 10 August, is found in Rahin Wood, County Kildare.
Sports
Association football
UEFA Euro 2016
Gaelic games
2016 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final
4 September – Kilkenny 2–20 – 2-29 Tipperary
2016 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final
1 October – Dublin 1-15 – 1-14 Mayo (Replay)
Horse racing
18 March – Don Cossack, trained by Gordon Elliott in County Meath, wins the 2016 Cheltenham Gold Cup, Europe's most prestigious steeplechase.
Rugby union
Ireland finish third, behind England and Wales, in the 2016 Six Nations Championship.
5 November – Ireland defeated the New Zealand All Blacks for the first time in 111 years on 5 November 2016 in Chicago on a scoreline of 40–29.
Summer Olympics: Rio de Janeiro
Qualification
21 February – Oliver Dingley qualifies for the 2016 Summer Olympics, the first Irish diver to do so since 1948 (68 years).
17 April – Ellis O'Reilly becomes the first female gymnast to qualify for an Olympics representing Ireland.
22 June – golfer Rory McIlroy announces their withdrawal from the Olympics.
23 June – golfer Graeme McDowell announces their withdrawal from the Olympics, citing the expected birth of their second child.
28 June – golfer Shane Lowry announces their withdrawal from the Olympics.
Event
4 August – the Irish Examiner reports that an Irish male boxer tested positive for a banned substance on the eve of the Olympics.  They are later named as Michael O'Reilly. O'Reilly becomes the first athlete to test positive for drugs at the 2016 Olympics.
5 August – on the day of the 2016 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, police in Rio de Janeiro arrest two people for attempted illegal resale of hundreds of tickets allocated to the Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI).
7 August – Michael O'Reilly's legal team announces it is to officially appeal the boxer's proposed suspension following a failed drug test.
8 August – boxing captain Paddy Barnes, who medalled at the previous two Olympics, loses their opening bout to a Spaniard in a shock result.
9 August – boxer Michael O'Reilly is ruled out of the Olympics after announcing they are no longer contesting their proposed suspension and admitting to taking a supplement that may have contained a banned substance.
14 August – Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport Shane Ross flies to Rio de Janeiro to meet with OCI president Pat Hickey in a bid to have Hickey permit an independent member be included on the OCI's own inquiry into the ticketing fiasco.
15 August – defending lightweight champion Katie Taylor loses their Olympic crown to a Finn in their opening bout.
16 August – boxer Michael Conlan, a favourite for the gold medal, loses their opening bout to a Russian in contentious circumstances.
17 August – OCI president Pat Hickey is arrested naked in a hotel room in Rio de Janeiro and charged with three crimes.
18 August – the now former OCI president Pat Hickey is photographed being wheeled to prison from a hospital in their pyjamas. As well as resigning as OCI president, Hickey also resigns their membership of the International Olympic Committee, their role as president of the European Olympic Committees and their role as vice-president of the Association of National Olympic Committees. Meanwhile, Shane Ross returns to Dublin.
21 August – the 2016 Summer Olympics concludes, as more IOC officials are sought by Brazilian police and the organisation's former president remains locked up in a Rio de Janeiro jail.
Arts and literature
May – Mike McCormack's novel Solar Bones is published by Tramp Press of Dublin; it wins this year's Goldsmiths Prize.
20 October – Sebastian Barry's novel Days Without End is published; it wins this year's Costa Book Awards in the novel and overall categories.
3 November – Cecelia Ahern's novel Lyrebird is published.
John Boyne's novel The Heart's Invisible Furies is published.
Deaths
January to July
3 January – Amby Fogarty, 82, footballer (Sunderland, Hartlepool United, Cork Celtic and Cork Hibernians).
5 January – Gerry O'Malley, 87, Gaelic footballer and hurler (Roscommon).
6 January – Christy O'Connor Jnr, 67, golfer.
7 January – Patrick Connolly, 88, Attorney General.
8 January – Paddy Reid, 91, rugby union player.
15 January – P. J. Mara, 73, public affairs consultant and senator, long illness.
16 January – Molly Madden, 109, Ireland's oldest person.
17 January – Billy Quinn, 80, hurler (Tipperary).
19 January – John Corcoran, 56, Gaelic games administrator, heart attack.
23 January – Micheál McGeary, 68, Gaelic games journalist.
25 January – The O'Donovan, 84, hereditary chief of the O'Donovan family.
30 January – Peter Quinn, 90, Gaelic footballer (Mayo).
31 January – Terry Wogan, 77, broadcaster, cancer.
2 February
Fergus O'Farrell, 48, singer.
John V. Halloran, 85, RTÉ News editor.
3 February – Mark Farren, 33, footballer (Derry City F.C.), cancer.
7 February – Peter Turley, 33, Gaelic footballer (Down).
15 February – Paul Bannon, 59, footballer (Cork City F.C.).
17 February – George Redmond, 92, Dublin county planning manager, short illness.
18 February – Jimmy Donnelly, 87, footballer (Belfast Celtic F.C.).
19 February – Din Joe Crowley, 70, Gaelic footballer (Kerry).
23 February – Johnny Murphy, 72, actor, respiratory failure.
26 February – Henry Comerford, 79, actor and solicitor.
28 February
Frank Kelly, 77, actor, heart attack.
Peter Keogh, 86, Gaelic games journalist.
7 March – Adrian Hardiman, 64, Supreme Court judge.
10 March
Jim McNamara, 76, athlete.
Larry Wren, 93, Commissioner of the Garda Síochána.
14 March – Davy Walsh, 92, Irish international footballer.
15 March
Robert Carrickford, 88, actor.
Dick Burke, 83, politician, TD (1969-1977 & 1981–1982), Minister for Education (1973-1976) and European Commissioner (1977-1980 & 1982–1984).
16 March – Brian Smyth, 91, Gaelic footballer (Meath).
19 March – Paddy Philpott, 79, hurler (Cork).
22 March – Eugene Treanor, Gaelic footballer (Down).
24 March – Brendan Sloan, 67, Gaelic footballer (Down).
26 March – Paddy O'Brien, 91, Gaelic footballer (Meath).
31 March – Ben Garrett, 21, soldier.
3 April – Seán O'Shea, 88, public relations guru.
10 April – Michael John Shinnick, 62, Chief Scout of Scouting Ireland.
18 April – Sir John Leslie, 4th Baronet, 99, British Army officer, aristocrat and media personality.
20 April – James Downey, 82, Irish Independent and Irish Times journalist.
2 May – Basil Blackshaw, 84, artist.
10 May – Jack Boothman, 80, President of the GAA.
14 May – Christy O'Connor Snr, 91, professional golfer.
16 May – Joey Maher, 82, world handball champion.
17 May – Seán Ardagh, 68, politician, TD (1997-2011), cancer.
20 May – Joe McDonagh, 62, Galway hurler and President of the GAA, short illness.
4 June – Michael Keane, 69, journalist and newspaper editor, heart condition.
10 June
John Horgan, 66, hurler (Cork), long illness.
Ambrose Hickey, 71, Gaelic footballer (Offaly), short illness.
13 June – Tony Byrne, 70, Irish international footballer.
25 June – Séamus Power, 86, hurler (Waterford).
28 June – Freddie Gilroy, 80, Olympic bronze medal winner.
July to December
4 July – Séamus Mac Géidigh, 54, Raidió na Gaeltachta manager and journalist.
5 July
Mick Finucane, 93, Gaelic footballer (Kerry), short illness.
Phonsie O'Brien, 86, jockey and racehorse trainer.
8 July – Mícheál Ó Nualláin, 88, artist, illustrator and designer.
20 July – Mary Canavan, 108, Ireland's oldest person, natural causes.
24 July – Finbarr Flood, 77, chairperson of the Labour Court.
26 July
John Thomas McNamara, 41, jockey, complications following a broken neck.
Jerry Molyneaux, 60, hurling coach and Gaelic games administrator.
30 July – Paddy Lalor, 90, TD (1961-1981), Minister for Posts and Telegraphs (1969-1970), Minister for Industry and Commerce (1970-1973), Government Chief Whip (1977-1979), MEP (1979-1994).
4 August – Michael Walsh, 50, handball player regarded as the greatest of all time, short illness.
8 August – Edward Daly, 82, Roman Catholic priest and author.
9 August – Pádraig Duggan, 67, musician, recurring illness.
10 August – John Bennett, 82, hurler (Cork).
13 August – Liam Tuohy, 83, footballer (Shamrock Rovers) and manager.
20 August – Louis Stewart, 72, jazz guitarist.
22 August – Milo Corcoran, 65, president of the Football Association of Ireland, short illness.
24 August – Larry Higgins, 87, Gaelic footballer (Derry).
26 August – Peter Barry, 88, Fine Gael politician, short illness.
29 August – Anne O'Brien, 60, former footballer and coach, short illness.
3 September – Adrienne Rock Boucher, 51, model and former Miss Ireland.
9 September – Ailish Sheehan, 23, rower, accident.
15 September – Greg Maher, 49, former Gaelic footballer (Mayo), long illness.
25 September – Bertie O'Hanlon, 91, former rugby union player.
28 September – Seamus Dunne, 86, former Irish international footballer.
2 October – Bobby Molloy, 80, former Fianna Fáil and Progressive Democrats TD.
13 October – Martin Naughton, 62, disability rights campaigner.
16 October
Anthony Foley, 42, head coach of Munster Rugby.
Mickey Byrne, 93, former hurler (Tipperary).
18 October
Paddy Beisty, 90, former Gaelic footballer (Roscommon).
Francis Flood, 86, horse trainer.
20 October
Fergus O'Brien, 86, former Fine Gael politician.
Pat Flynn, former hurler (Waterford), heart attack.
21 October – Moscow Flyer, 22, National Hunt horse, colic.
29 October – Gerry O'Reilly, former Gaelic footballer (Wicklow).
4 November – Khalid Kelly, 48/49, Irish Muslim convert and at one time the leader of Al-Muhajiroun in Ireland.
12 November – Joe McCarthy, 43, former Gaelic footballer (Cavan).
15 November
Owen Gribbin, 90, former Gaelic footballer (Derry).
Ray Brady, 79, former Irish international footballer.
20 November – William Trevor, 88, author.
23 November – Joe Lennon, 81, former Gaelic footballer (Down).
24 November – Jim Connors, former hurler (Wicklow).
3 December – Willie Casey, 84, former Gaelic footballer (Mayo), short illness.
7 December – Mick Roche, 73, former hurler (Tipperary).
10 December – John Montague, 87, poet, complications following surgery.
14 December – Gillian Bowler, 64, business person, illness.
28 December
Anthony Cronin, 88, poet and arts activist.
Michel Déon, 97, French novelist who lived and died in Galway
29 December – Aodán Mac Póilin, 68, Irish language activist, short illness.
See also
2016 in Irish television
References
2010s in Ireland
Years of the 21st century in Ireland
For the First Time is a 1959 musical film directed by Rudolph Mate and starring Mario Lanza, Johanna von Koczian Kurt Kasznar and Zsa Zsa Gabor. It was tenor star Mario Lanza's final film, released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer six weeks before their death. The film tells the sentimental story of an operatic tenor (Tony Costa) who finds love for the first time with a young German woman (played by Johanna von Koczian), who happens to be deaf.
It was shot at the Spandau Studios in Berlin and on location in 1958 in Capri, Salzburg, Berlin and at the Rome Opera House. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Hans Jürgen Kiebach, Fritz Maurischat and Heinrich Weidemann.
Reception
Critics singled out Lanza's singing of "Vesti la Giubba" from Pagliacci and the Death Scene from Otello for special praise, with Howard Thompson of The New York Times calling it the tenor's "most disarming vehicle in years."
Cast
Mario Lanza as Tonio Costa
Johanna von Koczian as Christa
Kurt Kasznar as Tabory
Zsa Zsa Gabor as Gloria De Vadnuz
Hans Söhnker as Prof. Bruckner
Annie Rosar as Mathilde Faktotum
Sandro Giglio as Alessandro
Walter Rilla as Dr. Bessart
Renzo Cesana as Angelo
Peter Capell as Leopold Hübner
Box office
According to MGM records the film earned $710,000 in the US and Canada and $975,000 elsewhere, resulting in a profit of $1,685,000.
See also
List of films featuring the deaf and hard of hearing
References
Cesari, Armando. Mario Lanza: An American Tragedy (Fort Worth: Baskerville, 2004).
External links
For the First Time: Lanza's Sweet Little Swansong, by Derek McGovern
1959 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films about opera
1959 musical films
English-language German films
English-language Italian films
West German films
Titanus films
German musical films
Italian musical films
American musical films
Films directed by Rudolph Maté
Films scored by Georgie Stoll
Films shot at Spandau Studios
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
1950s Italian films
1950s German films
In statistical classification, the Bayes classifier minimizes the probability of misclassification.
Definition
Suppose a pair takes values in , where is the class label of . Assume that the conditional distribution of X, given that the label Y takes the value r is given by
for
where "" means "is distributed as", and where denotes a probability distribution.
A classifier is a rule that assigns to an observation X=x a guess or estimate of what the unobserved label Y=r actually was. In theoretical terms, a classifier is a measurable function , with the interpretation that C classifies the point x to the class C(x). The probability of misclassification, or risk, of a classifier C is defined as
The Bayes classifier is
In practice, as in most of the statistics, the difficulties and subtleties are associated with modeling the probability distributions effectively—in this case, . The Bayes classifier is a useful benchmark in statistical classification.
The excess risk of a general classifier (possibly depending on some training data) is defined as
Thus this non-negative quantity is important for assessing the performance of different classification techniques. A classifier is said to be consistent if the excess risk converges to zero as the size of the training data set tends to infinity.
Considering the components of to be mutually independent, we get the naive bayes classifier, where
Proof of Optimality
Proof that the Bayes classifier is optimal and Bayes error rate is minimal proceeds as follows.
Define the variables: Risk , Bayes risk , all possible classes to which the points can be classified . Let the posterior probability of a point belonging to class 1 be . Define the classifier as
Then we have the following results:
(a) , i.e. is a Bayes classifier,
(b) For any classifier , the excess risk satisfies
(c)
Proof of (a): For any classifier , we have
(due to Fubini's theorem)
Notice that is minimised by taking ,
Therefore the minimum possible risk is the Bayes risk, .
Proof of (b):
Proof of (c):
The general case that the Bayes classifier minimises classification error when each element can belong to either of n categories proceeds by towering expectations as follows.
This is minimised by simultaneously minimizing all the terms of the expectation using the classifier
for each observation x.
See also
Naive Bayes classifier
References
Bayesian statistics
Statistical classification
School Master is a 1958 Indian Kannada language film, produced and directed by B. R. Panthulu. The film starred B.R. Panthulu themselves in the lead role along with Dikki Madhava Rao, M. V. Rajamma, Udaykumar, Sivaji Ganesan, Gemini Ganesan and B. Saroja Devi in important roles. It was the first Kannada film to complete a Silver Jubilee Celebration. This film had its children's dance drama in Gevacolor, taken by cinematographer W. R. Subba Rao. It was later remade in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi in spite of it being dubbed in Tamil and Telugu as Engal Kudumbam Perisu and Badi Pantulu, respectively.
In 1959, ALS Productions remade it in Hindi as School Master which was also directed by Panthulu. The film was remade in Malayalam in 1964 as School Master by Puttanna Kanagal, in Telugu in 1972 as Badi Panthulu and in Tamil in 1973 as School Master.
It was the first Kannada movie to be remade in four languages and also the first Kannada movie to be remade in three other South Indian languages. The movie is based on 1937 English movie Make Way for Tomorrow which has been adapted multiple times including in Japanese as Tokyo Story (1953), in Marathi as Oon Paus (1954), in Tamil as Varavu Nalla Uravu (1990), in Pakistani as Samaj (1972) and twice in Hindi as Zindagi (1976) and Baghban (2003).
Plot
The story revolves mostly around the producer/director B. R. Panthulu who plays the role of school master, and their wife. Uncommonly for Balkrishna, they play a positive role in the film. Bustling actor Narasimharaju is also present.
A humble school teacher with their two sons and a daughter arrives at a new place. They find that the school building is in bad shape and their staff are not motivated to teach.  They are a strict disciplinarian, which is shown in a humorous way.
Their elder son gets into fight with a ruffian student, Vaasu. Vaasu is punished, but their innate goodness wins over their teacher.  They are given special care, to become a good student.
The teacher has to fight against village politics, when they wish to build a new building to the school. Undeterred, they motivate their students and villages to amass enough funds to build it.
However, henchmen in the village burn down their house. Their pet student Vaasu gathers all their friends and builds a small house for their teacher.
Years pass and Vaasu tops their matriculation exams.
The teacher's sons get married, much against the wishes of their parents, but the teacher takes it in their stride. Their beautiful daughter is married to a simpleton businessman.
When the teacher retires, their sons are averse to take their parents. With no savings of their own, the teacher has to rely on their sons to lead a retired life. The elder son takes their father, while the younger one takes their mother. The teacher is thus separated from their wife.
Things take such a bad turn, that teacher cannot even read their wife's letter, because their sons will not provide them with spectacles.
In the climax, the teacher's erstwhile house, which was painfully constructed by their students, has to be auctioned off. Vaasu (Sivaji Ganeshan), now the Superintendent of Police, happens to pass by in the car and notices the auction. Distraught with pain, they confide to their wife, this is the very house, they built with their fellow students for the teacher, who led them to the garden path.  They are overcome by emotions, on seeing the auction. Vaasu's wife immediately removes all their jewellery and urges Vaasu to use them to stop the auction and pay the bank. Vaasu is filled with joy and does so.
The teacher is filled with happiness on seeing their once ruffian student becoming a role model. Their journey of being a teacher has met a satisfactory end.
Soundtrack
The film's score was composed by T. G. Lingappa.
Kannada version
School Master
Playback singers are A. M. Rajah, T. G. Lingappa, Pithapuram Nageswara Rao, Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi, P. Susheela, A. P. Komala, K. Rani and K. Jamuna Rani.
Tamil version
The Tamil version is titled Engal Kudumbam Perisu. Lyrics were by K. D. Santhanam, Ku. Sa. Krishnamoorthy and Ku. Ma. Balasubramaniam. Playback singers were T. M. Soundararajan, A. M. Rajah, T. G. Lingappa, S. C. Krishnan, Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi, P. Suseela, A. P. Komala, K. Rani and K. Jamuna Rani.
Telugu version
The Telugu version is titled Badi Pantulu. Playback singers were P. B. Sreenivas, A. M. Rajah, T. G. Lingappa, Pithapuram Nageswara Rao, Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi, P. Susheela, A. P. Komala, K. Rani and K. Jamuna Rani.
Awards
National Film Awards
1959 – All India Certificate of Merit for Third Best Feature film
1959 – National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada
References
External links
1950s Kannada-language films
1958 films
Best Kannada Feature Film National Film Award winners
Films directed by B. R. Panthulu
Films scored by T. G. Lingappa
Kannada films remade in other languages
Third Best Feature Film National Film Award winners
Lullabies is the first EP by Scottish alternative rock band Cocteau Twins. It was released in October 1982, following their debut album, Garlands. The EP contained three non-album tracks, and featured a louder and more driving sound than the album.
Background
Lullabies was recorded at Palladium Studios in Edinburgh, Scotland and was mixed at Blackwing Studios in London.
Release
Lullabies was released in October 1982.
The EP was reissued in 1991 as part of The Box Set, and again in 2005 as part of the Lullabies to Violaine compilation. Alternate versions of "Feathers-Oar-Blades" and "Alas Dies Laughing" were included on the Cocteau Twins' BBC Sessions release.
Track listing
Personnel
Cocteau Twins
Elizabeth Fraser – vocals
Robin Guthrie – guitar, drum machine
Will Heggie – bass guitar
Production
Ivo Watts-Russell – production
John Fryer – engineering
John Turner – engineering
References
External links
Cocteau Twins albums
1982 debut EPs
Mhlumeni is a town in eastern Eswatini on the border with Mozambique. It lies in the Lubombo Mountains about 40 kilometres north-east of Siteki in Lubombo District.
References
Populated places in Lubombo Region
Eswatini–Mozambique border crossings
Tooker Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, southeast of Minnehaha.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Aalto Lounge is a bar in Portland, Oregon. Named after Finnish architect and designer Alvar Aalto, the bar opened in 2000.
Description
Aalto Lounge is a bar along Belmont Street in the district of the same name within southeast Portland's Sunnyside neighborhood. Willamette Week has said the bar as a "sleek, midcentury modern vibe" with DJs, cocktails, and a secluded backroom. The newspaper's Pete Cottell said the Aalto Lounge has a "sleek, cavernous atmosphere that makes everyone inside look 20 percent sexier". Named after Finnish architect and designer Alvar Aalto, the interior has mid-century Scandinavian furnishings. Portland Monthly has described the bar as "on the border between dive bar and hipster hangout".
History
Owned by Alex and Kate Wood, the bar opened in 2000. Closed for several months during the COVID-19 pandemic, Aalto Lounge had socially distanced service inside and on the patio, as of September–October 2020.
Reception
Aalto Lounge was included in Willamette Week 2016 list of "Portland's Best Patio Bars for Happy Hour". Readers ranked Aalto Lounge second place in the Best Date Bar and Best Happy Hour categories in the newspaper's "Best of Portland Readers' Poll 2020". Eater Portland Alex Frane included the bar in their 2019 overview of the city's "most iconic" cocktails. In 2020, the website's Brooke Jackson-Glidden recommended the bar for bachelorette parties.
References
External links
Aalto Lounge at Zomato
2000 establishments in Oregon
Drinking establishments in Oregon
Sunnyside, Portland, Oregon
Tatsuya Fukumuro, better known as Nhato or kyu, is a Japanese electronic dance music producer from Tokyo.  They are associated with the label Otographic Music.
Some of their work includes remixes of music from Touhou Project.
While they started making trance, their style is more reminiscent of Dubstep and House now. He's also a regular on different labels such as Massive CircleZ, and more recently in HARDCORE TANO*C. They also released "Star Trail" for beatmania IIDX.
Discography
Fuhaku/Raihaku (2009)
Rouge for Lips EP (2009)
Tokyo Blue Pipe (2010)
Far East Garden (2011)
Etude (2012)
Eureka/Past and Then (2013)
Rinne EP (2017)
Trace of Will (2019)
References
External links
Soundcloud page
Electronic dance music DJs
Japanese DJs
Japanese trance musicians
Living people
Musicians from Tokyo
Remixers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Origmatogonidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. This family has been folded into the family Chamaesomatidae.
Genera:
Alavasoma Mauriès & Vicente, 1977
Origmatogona Ribaut, 1913
Vascosoma Mauriès, 1966
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
Nikitin Pochinok () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 18 as of 2002.
Geography
Nikitin Pochinok is located 58 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Danilov Pochinok is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Velyka Komyshuvakha is a village (selo) of Ukraine, in Izium Raion, Kharkiv Oblast. Velyka Komyshuvakha belongs to Barvinkove urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. It has a population of 882.
History
During the Holodomor, 389 residents of the village died.
Until 18 July 2020, Velyka Komyshuvakha belonged to Barvinkove Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Kharkiv Oblast to seven. The area of Barvinkove Raion was merged into Izium Raion.
References
Villages in Izium Raion
Izyumsky Uyezd
Webarchive template wayback links
Charlie Powell (born 29 October 1999) is an English rugby union player who plays for Bristol Bears in the Premiership Rugby.
References
External links
Bristol Bears Profile
ESPN Profile
Ultimate Rugby Profile
1999 births
Living people
Bristol Bears players
English rugby union players
People educated at Bristol Grammar School
Rugby union players from Bristol
Rugby union centres
The women's javelin throw event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 21 and 23 August. An old specification 600g javelin was used.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 August
Qualifications
21 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 23 athletes from 16 countries participated in the event.
References
Javelin throw
Javelin throw at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The Fitzwilliam Common Historic District encompasses the historic heart of the small town of Fitzwilliam, New Hampshire. The district covers about , and includes the town common, laid out in 1765, and the buildings arrayed around it. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
Although the territory that is now Fitzwilliam was first granted in 1752, it was not settled until 1765 due to a significant number of Indian raids in the area until after the French and Indian War. Its center became the crossing point of a number of turnpikes in the first half of the 19th century, which is when most of the buildings around the common were built. Most of the buildings around the common are either Federal or Greek Revival in their styling. There are only two buildings with later styling, both Italianate: the c. 1870 Henry House, and the 1857 Fitzwilliam Community Church. The Connelly House, a c. 1795 house, was restyled in the 1830s with Greek Revival features.
Prominent public buildings on the common include the 1817 town hall, separately listed on the National Register, the public library, built as a private home in 1804 and sold to the town in 1912, and an early fire engine house from c. 1827. Notable commercial buildings include the Fitzwilliam Inn (1843) and the Fitzwilliam Market (1859).
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Federal architecture in New Hampshire
Greek Revival architecture in New Hampshire
Italianate architecture in New Hampshire
Historic districts in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Fitzwilliam, New Hampshire
Indirect National Council elections were held in the Czech part of Czechoslovakia on 10 June 1968, the first time Czechs had elected their own legislature. Of the 200 members of the National Council, 150 were elected indirectly by the National Assembly, whilst the other 50 members were elected by the National Council itself on 21 November 1968.
Results
Notes
References
External links
Election on 10 June 1968 PSP
Czech national Council Meeting Proposal for by-election PSP
The first meeting of Czech Parliament PSP
Czech
Legislative elections in Czechoslovakia
Elections to the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic
Indirect elections
Single-candidate elections
Jintoku Bosai Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control. The catchment area of the dam is 1.9 km2. The dam impounds about 3 ha of land when full and can store 295 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1957.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1957 establishments in Japan
Moudge might refer to:
Moudge-class frigate, an Iranian frigate class. The Iranian calls it a destroyer class but size indicates it is a frigate.
Moudge I, the first ship of the Moudge class. This is the first large warship built in Iran. Also known as Iranian frigate Jamaran.
Moudge II, the second ship of the Moudge class. Also known as Iranian frigate Damavand.
, The Persian word for Wave
Persian words and phrases
Hemibagrus chiemhoaensis is a species of bagrid catfish found in Vietnam.
References
Nguyen, V.H., 2005. Cá nước ngọt Việt Nam. Tâp II. [Freshwater fishes of Vietnam]. Hà Nội: Nhà xuất bản nông nghiệp, 760 p.
Bagridae
Fish of Asia
Fish of Vietnam
Taxa named by Nguyễn Văn Hảo
Fish described in 2005
The Serranía del Baudó is a coastal mountain range on the Pacific coast of Colombia. It is separated from the West Andes by the Atrato valley where the Atrato River flows and Quibdó is located. From the south the range extends from the Baudó River north and slightly west along the coast into Panama terminating at the Golfo de San Miguel. The range is called Serranía del Sapo when it is in Panama. Technically the landform extends south of the Baudó River down to Malaga Bay, but the area has been eroded into low hills and marshlands.
From Cabo Corrientes north to Punta Ardita and on into Panama the Baudó Mountains meet the ocean in steep cliffs, rising up to as high as , with small indentations in the coast providing small pocket beaches, some sandy, but most are shingle or cobble. However, near river mouths the coast has been eroded and there are wide sandy beaches, tidal flats and even mangrove swamps.
The highest point, Alto de Buey, is .
Geology
Geologically, the Serranía del Baudó represents an extension of the Isthmus of Panama. The mountain range started forming in the Late Cretaceous and Paleocene from oceanic volcanics that were compacted as the Nazca Plate and later Malpelo Plate pushed westward into and under the South American Plate. The area is still tectonically active with the Malpelo Plate estimated to move eastward at the rate of per year.
Wildlife
Alto de Buey poison frog, Andinobates altobueyensis, is only known from the Alto del Buey mountain.
References
Mountain ranges of Colombia
Geography of Chocó Department
Acrolepia manganeutis is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Sri Lanka.
References
Moths described in 1913
Acrolepiidae
Santi Simone e Giuda is a Gothic-romanesque-style, Roman Catholic church located in Spoleto, Province of Perugia, Umbria, Italy.
In 1250, a Franciscan friar named Simone da Collazone, much admired for their faith and virtues, died in Spoleto. Their fellow companions soon petitioned for canonization from Pope Innocent IV, and in expectation that their tomb would become a destination for pilgrimage, they enlarged the convent and begun this church in 1254. Because Simone da Collazone was not yet (and alas never achieved sainthood), the church was dedicated instead, for what they expected to be transiently, to St Simon the Apostle.
The structures were completed in 1280, and have undergone many restorations and losses. The structure was converted into a barrack in 1863. The 16th-century frescoes in the cloister were covered over. In 1893, the buildings became an orphanage. The interiors preserve almost none of the original decoration.
References
Churches in Spoleto
Gothic architecture in Umbria
Romanesque architecture in Spoleto
13th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Churches completed in 1280
Coffee Time is a chain of Canadian snack and coffee shops, headquartered in Scarborough, Ontario. Coffee Time operates over 100 stores across Canada in Ontario and Alberta. Coffee Time serves coffee along with other specialty drinks, baked goods, breakfast sandwiches, and deli sandwiches and soup.
History
Coffee Time was founded in 1982 by Tom Michalopoulos in Bolton, Ontario. The first stores were operated under license agreements before they moved onto franchising in the late 1980s. In October 2006, Chairman's Brand Corporation (Coffee Time's parent company) purchased the Afton Food Group, which owned Robin's Donuts, 241 Pizza, and Mrs. Powell's Cinnamon Buns. In 2014, Coffee Time began updating and rebranding its locations.
Coffee Time Arena
An indoor soccer arena was built in 1998 in Vaughan, Ontario, and it was named "Coffee Time Arena." Located about 300 m east of Martin Grove Road (location number 7500/7700), it is near an industrialized area and north of Vaughan Grove Sports Park. The complex also includes an outdoor soccer field. The name was used for only three years before the arena was sold and renamed "The Soccer Centre" in the early-2000s.
See also
List of coffeehouse chains
List of doughnut shops
List of Canadian restaurant chains
References
External links
Coffee Time
Foodservice and Hospitality Top 100 Report
Cloney Time, a lighthearted montage on the phenomenon of independent shops imitating the name and style of Coffee Time
Chairman's Brand Grows on Spending Spree
Robin's Donuts
Restaurants established in 1982
Doughnut shops
Fast-food chains of Canada
Coffeehouses and cafés in Canada
1982 establishments in Ontario
Companies based in Scarborough, Toronto
Ommatotriton ophryticus, the northern banded newt, is a species of newt in the family Salamandridae. It is found in northeastern Turkey and western Caucasus in Georgia, Armenia, and southern Russia.
Taxonomy
Ommatotriton ophryticus has been considered subspecies of Ommatotriton vittatus, but in 2005 Litvinchuk and colleagues raised it to full species status. They also described a new subspecies under this taxon, Triturus ophryticus nesterovi, now recognized as a separate species Ommatotriton nesterovi.
Description
The tail is about the same length as the body and head. The limbs and digits are long, more so in males. Skin is almost smooth to slightly granular. During the terrestrial phase, the dorsum is reddish. During the aquatic phase, the dorsal and lateral surfaces are bronze-olive or olive-brown; there are small dark points on the back and a light band on flanks bordered with dark stripes. The belly is immaculate yellow to orange. During the breeding season, adult males develop very high and notched middorsal and caudal crest; the colouration is yellowish or brownish, with dark vertical stripes. Furthermore, their tails are covered with dark spots from above and with blue and/or greenish spots elsewhere.
Habitat and conservation
Ommatotriton ophryticus occurs mostly higher than above sea level. It typically lives in coniferous, mixed, and deciduous forests, up to subalpine meadows. Reproduction takes places in a large range of water bodies, from temporary ponds to lakes. Hibernation generally takes place on land, although individuals in breeding colours have been found in water as early as January. The terrestrial habitat may be relatively arid.
Ommatotriton ophryticus can be locally common, but it is sporadically distributed over much of its range. It suffers from habitat loss caused forest destruction, dam construction, destruction of wetlands, overgrazing by cattle, urbanization, and pollution. Also predation by introduced raccoons (Procyon lotor) is a major threat. It is also collected for pet trade.
References
ophryticus
Amphibians of Georgia (country)
Amphibians of Turkey
Amphibians of Russia
Amphibians described in 1846
Taxa named by Arnold Adolph Berthold
The Wroxeter Stone is the name given to a c. 460–75 AD inscribed stone unearthed in 1967 at Wroxeter, England (earlier the Roman city of Viroconium Cornoviorum). The stone is in the care of English Heritage, and was included in A History of Ireland in 100 Objects as the Cunorix Stone.
Inscription
Its inscription is in an Insular Celtic language, identified by the Inscribed Stones Project at UCL as "partly-Latinized Primitive Irish", and comes from a period several decades after the collapse of Roman authority in Roman Britain, when Irish raiders had begun to make permanent settlements in South Wales and south-western Britain. The text reads: CVNORIX | MACVSM/A | QVICO[L]I[N]E, traditionally normalised as Cunorix macus Maqui Coline and translated as Cunorīx son of Maqqos Colinī, where Cunorīx and Maqqos Colinī are personal names. Cunorīx, literally meaning 'hound-king', is a well attested Celtic name, and may relate to the etymology of the name of Cynric of Wessex, a 6th-century king. Maqui Coline was read by Kenneth H. Jackson as a rendering of Primitive Irish *Maqqī-Colinī (genitive of *Maqqos-Colinī); this name literally means 'son of holly', but is an example of a type of name fashionable in early Irish that, despite looking like patronyms, were in fact given names. It is one of a number of such names that include words for trees and is attested in later Old Irish in the form Macc-Cuilinn.
References
5th-century inscriptions
1967 in England
Archaeology of England
Archaeological sites in Shropshire
Irish inscriptions
Sub-Roman Britain
Steles
The Rocky River is a stream located in the southwest part of the U.S. state of Michigan that flows into the St. Joseph River at in the city of Three Rivers in St. Joseph County. The Rocky River, along with the St. Joseph River and the Portage River, are the three rivers from which the city of Three Rivers takes its name.
The Rocky River rises in southwest Marcellus Township in Cass County at . It flows to the northeast, arcing gently to the southeast before turning sharply to the south in eastern Flowerfield Township, shortly after being joined by the Flowerfield Creek. It then flows mostly southward until joining the St. Joseph River in Three Rivers.
The Rocky River watershed encompasses over and drains all or portions of the following cities and townships:
In Cass County
Marcellus Township
Newberg Township
Penn Township
Volinia Township
In Kalamazoo County
Prairie Ronde Township (via Flowerfield Creek)
Schoolcraft Township (via Spring Creek)
Texas Charter Township
In St. Joseph County
Fabius Township (via Kerr Creek)
Flowerfield Township
Lockport Township
Park Township
Three Rivers
In Van Buren County
Porter Township (via Sheldon Creek, Flowerfield Creek, and Four County Drain)
Tributaries
(left) Kerr Creek
Little Pleasant Lake
Pleasant Lake
(left) Armalege Drain
Goose Lake
(right) Flowerfield Creek
(right) Spring Creek
(right) Four County Drain
(left) Ayers Lake
(right) Sheldon Creek
(right) Lewis Lake
Mud Lake
(left) Pickerel Lake
Skyhawk Lake
Streaters Mill Pond
Bogart Lake
(right) Huyck Lake
References
Rivers of Michigan
Rivers of Cass County, Michigan
Rivers of Kalamazoo County, Michigan
Rivers of St. Joseph County, Michigan
Rivers of Van Buren County, Michigan
Tributaries of Lake Michigan
Danny Saltz (born July 30, 1961) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Career
Saltz played collegiate tennis for the University of California, Los Angeles.
Their first Grand Slam appearance was at the 1981 US Open, where they lost in a straight sets loss to Bruce Manson, in a match which lasted just 20 games. They fared better when they returned to the US Open in 1984, claiming the first two sets against Todd Nelson, but they were unable to win the match. The American also lost in the opening round of the 1984 Australian Open, to Eddie Edwards of South Africa. They managed to register a win at the 1987 Australian Open, beating Patrik Kühnen. In the second round they faced world number one Ivan Lendl and lost in four sets.
At Auckland in 1984, Saltz became the eighth player to win a Grand Prix tournament as a qualifier when they defeated Chip Hooper in the Benson and Hedges Open final. With a ranking of no. 390 they were at the time the lowest ranked player to win a Grand Prix tournament. Saltz was a semifinalist at the same event the following year.
Grand Prix career finals
Singles: 1 (1–0)
References
Official links
Player Profile and Stats on ATP Tour
1961 births
Living people
American male tennis players
UCLA Bruins men's tennis players
Tennis people from California
Methyl pyruvate is the organic compound with the formula CH3C(O)CO2CH3. This colorless liquid is the methyl ester of pyruvic acid. It has attracted interest as a prochiral precursor to alanine and lactic acid. It is prepared by esterification of pyruvic acid.
References
Methyl esters
Ketoesters
Davison's Mill, also known as Stelling Minnis Windmill, is a Grade I listed smock mill in Stelling Minnis, Kent, England that was built in 1866. It was the last windmill working commercially in Kent when it closed in the autumn of 1970.
The mill is managed by the Stelling Minnis Windmill and Museum Trust, which came into being on 26 January 2010. It is open to visitors each year from Easter Sunday to the end of September on Sundays and Bank Holidays, from 2pm to 5pm. Its grounds host the annual Stelling Minnis fete.
History
Davison's mill was built in 1866 by the Canterbury millwright Thomas Holman, replacing an earlier open trestle post mill with common sails. Milling by wind ceased in 1925, but the mill continued to work by a Ruston & Hornsby oil engine which had been added in 1923. In April 1935, the mill was restored to full working order. The work was financed by H Laurie, as a memorial to their brother Colonel Ronald Macdonald Laurie, who had died on 21 October 1927. Laurie was awarded a Windmill Certificate by the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings in 1936. One pair of sails was blown off in the early 1950s, and the mill worked afterwards with a single pair, assisted by the engine. Elham Rural District Council donated £100 towards the cost of repairs estimated at £500 in the 1950s. When Alec Davison retired in the autumn of 1970, the mill was the last in Kent working commercially by wind. After the death of Mr Davison, the mill was acquired by Kent County Council. A restoration of the mill commenced in 2003, with the sails being taken down on 19 July and the cap removed on 20 July. The work was financed by the Heritage Lottery Fund and Kent County Council. It was carried out by IJP Millwrights of Binfield Heath, Berkshire and took three months to complete.
Description
Davison's mill is a four-storey smock mill with a stage at first-floor level. It is built on a low brick base only high. The mill is tall to the top of the cap. It has four patent sails carried on a cast-iron windshaft. The mill is winded by a fantail. The mill drives two pairs of millstones underdrift. The Brake wheel is iron. This drives a cast-iron Wallower. The Great Spur Wheel is also of cast iron.
The engine is a Ruston & Hornsby "1912" hot-bulb engine, which was despatched from Holman's in Canterbury on 7 May 1923.
Millers
Colver (post mill)
George Goble 1866 - 1878
Henry William Davison 1878 -
Alec Davison 1940 - 1970
References for above:-
References
External links
Stelling Minnis Windmill and Museum - official site
Windmill World page on the mill.
Windmills in Kent
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Smock mills in England
Grade I listed buildings in Kent
Monuments and memorials in Kent
Windmills completed in 1866
Museums in Folkestone and Hythe District
Mill museums in England
Grade I listed windmills
Octagonal buildings in the United Kingdom
1866 establishments in England
overnight service of line S8 (ZVV)
one of high-altitude prototypes of SpaceX Starship. It was destroyed during a test fight
Anna Chakvetadze was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Nadia Petrova won in the final 6–2, 6–1, against Nathalie Dechy.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Draw and Qualifying Draw
2008 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters and Women's Open
Western and Southern Financial Group Women's Open
Ricker Canyon () is a steep-sided, ice-filled canyon that indents the north escarpment of Buckeye Table between Darling Ridge and Schulthess Buttress, in the Ohio Range, Horlick Mountains. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John F. Ricker, geologist with the Ohio State University expedition to the Horlick Mountains in 1961–62.
Canyons and gorges of Antarctica
Landforms of Marie Byrd Land
Andy Truong (born 27 November 1996) is an Australian fashion designer of Vietnamese heritage.
In 2012, they were known as Australia's youngest fashion designer, at the age of 15, after their launch into the fashion industry at Melbourne Spring Fashion Week.
Early life
Andy Truong (born Andy Truong-Du) was born on 27 November 1996 and grew up in a migrant, working-class family in Sydney before moving with their mother to live in Richmond, Melbourne. Before their start in the fashion industry, Truong worked at a bakery and at a cinema while attending their secondary education at Kew High School.
Break into the industry
In early 2012, Truong was chosen as a successful applicant to showcase their collection of designs at Melbourne Spring Fashion Week after applying online, unaware that the show would be self-funded by the applicant.
After the realisation that the show would be self-funded, Truong endeavoured to raise funds from their jobs and from free resources (models, photographers, make-up and hair stylists, PR agents and volunteers) in order to create their solo fashion show.
Truong's story of a teenage fashion designer caught the attention of numerous publications, news channels and social media blogs online in Australia and internationally.
On a September night in 2012, Truong showcased a collection of 25 pieces from their Spring/Summer 2013 collection to a venue of 300 guests, photographers, bloggers, editors and news crews.
After Truong's break
After the success of their fashion show, Truong was offered, on a scholarship grant, to study fashion during high school at Kangan Institute.
During the month of September, Truong once again showcased their collection at Melbourne Spring Fashion Week with Fred Hates Fashion - a fashion meets film runway show.
In March 2014, Truong was chosen, along with 10 other students, to showcase their designs at the Virgin Australia Melbourne Fashion Festival's Future Runway show, presented by Spotlight. During the show, it was revealed that Truong was selected as one of the top three designers of the show winning them a cash prize to spend at Spotlight.
References
Australian fashion designers
Australian people of Vietnamese descent
Living people
1996 births
Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant can refer to:
Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Dai-ichi, 6 BWR units, operational from 1971, 4 damaged irrecoverably in March 2011.
Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant, Daini, 4 BWR units, operational from 1982, slightly damaged in March 2011.
The mountain trogon (Trogon mexicanus), also known as the Mexican trogon, is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae. First described by William John Swainson in 1827, it is resident in Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico and has occurred in El Salvador as a vagrant. Like all trogons, the mountain trogon is sexually dimorphic. The male is metallic green on the crown, nape, upperparts and chest, the latter separated from its bright red belly and vent by a narrow band of white. The female is warm brown on the head, upperparts and chest, separated from its paler brown lower chest and red belly and vent by a narrow white band.
Its natural habitat is subtropical and tropical moist montane forests. It prefers pine-evergreen and pine-oak woodland between in elevation. Unlike some rarer trogons, this species shows some adaptability to human land use and has utilized coffee plantations with suitable shade trees like oaks.
Taxonomy
When they first described the mountain trogon in 1827 from a specimen collected in Temascáltepec, Mexico, William John Swainson gave the species its current scientific name. Most ornithologists have agreed with this assignment, though Charles Lucien Bonaparte assigned it to the genus Trogonurus, and several other ornithologists described it again later under other names. It has three subspecies:
T. m. clarus was described by Ludlow Griscom in 1932.
T. m. lutescens was also described by Griscom in 1932.
T. m. mexicanus was described by Swainson in 1827.
DNA studies have shown that the mountain trogon is part of the "Elegant" sub-clade of the genus Trogon—along with the elegant trogon, the collared trogon, the black-throated trogon and the masked trogon—but have not revealed which species are its closest relatives.
The genus name Trogon is a Greek word meaning "grawing" or "nibbling". This may be a reference to the way trogons gnaw into rotting trees to make their nest holes. The species name mexicanus means "Mexico", a reference to where the first specimen was collected.
Description
The mountain trogon measures in length. It weighs between , with a mean of . Like all trogons, it is sexually dimorphic. The adult male is green on the crown, nape and upperparts; the upper side of its tail is bluish-green, with black tips to the rectrices. Their face and throat are blackish, with an orange-red orbital ring and a bright yellow bill.  They are green on the chest and red on the belly and undertail; the two colors are separated by a narrow band of white. The underside of their tail is black with three large white blocks created by white tips to the outer rectrices. Their primaries are blackish, with black and white vermiculations on the wing coverts. The female is warm brown on their head and upperparts; their tail is rufous-brown on the upperside, with black tips to the rectrices. They have a small white crescent in front of their eye and a bold white crescent behind their eye. Them bill is dark above. Them chest is warm brown, separated from their brown lower chest and red belly by a narrow band of white. Them undertail is black and white; the outer webs of the rectrices are barred black and white, while the inner webs are black, broadly tipped with white. Them primaries are blackish with white outer webs, which form white streaks along their folded wing. Them wing coverts are pale brown, with dusky vermiculations.
Similar species
There are several species with which the mountain trogon might be confused; they differ primarily in the color and patterning on their tails. The male elegant trogon's tail is copper-colored (rather than green) above and finely vermiculated black and white (rather than all black) below, while the female has a white patch behind and below their eye. The male collared trogon is golden-green on the back and uppertail, and its undertail is black with narrow white barring. The female collared trogon's tail is grayish below with a narrow dark bar at the tip of each rectrice.
Range and habitat
The mountain trogon is found in the highlands of Mexico, Guatemala and Honduras. Although it was formerly recorded as a resident in El Salvador, the area where it was found was ceded to Honduras in 1992 and it now occurs in El Salvador only as a vagrant. It also occurs in Nicaragua, though the origin of these birds is uncertain. The ornithological collection at Vassar College contains a mountain trogon that was purportedly shot in Texas, but the species is not on the list of accepted North American birds.
Found at elevations ranging from , the mountain trogon prefers pine or pine-oak woodlands and cloud forest.
Behavior
The mountain trogon may associate with mixed species flocks. It joins such flocks sporadically and in small numbers, but is an active member of the flock, moving in the upper and middle levels of the forest, when it is present.
Food and feeding
The mountain trogon eats insects and small fruits, which it catches or plucks while on the wing.
Breeding
Like all trogons, the mountain trogon is a cavity nester. It is both a primary and secondary cavity nester, meaning that it both excavates its own nest cavities, and uses those cavities already excavated by another species. When it excavates its own nest, it uses its beak to gnaw a hole in rotting wood, either in a decaying stump or branch. The cavity is typically less than off the ground, but occasionally as high as . When it uses a cavity made by another species, it typically uses those made by large woodpeckers. The female lays two white eggs, which both parents incubate, though the female does far longer stints than the male. The eggs hatch after .
Voice
The mountain trogon has several vocalizations. If alarmed, it gives a sharp, low-pitched call variously transcribed as "cut" or "tuck". In flight, it gives a quick, low-pitched call transcribed as "cut-a-cut-cut". When perched, it makes a slow, repetitive "cowh" or a "tucka-tucka-tucka". Young mountain trogons make quiet hissing calls when food begging, and when approached by potential predators.
Conservation and threats
Because of its large range and large population, estimated to number between 50,000 and , the mountain trogon is rated as a species of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Its population appears to be stable.
References
Cited works
External links
mountain trogon
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Honduras
mountain trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Arthur Harry Church FRS (28 March 1865 – 24 April 1937) was a British botanist and botanical illustrator. They were also a pioneer amateur photographer. From 1908 to their retirement in 1930 they were a lecturer in botany at Oxford University and was best known for their inspiring lectures.
Biography
Church was born in Plymouth, England, the son of a saddler, and went to school locally. They taught briefly at Ashburton Grammar School. In 1887 their mother died and, with their inheritance of £100, they went to University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. With a first (London external) degree in Botany they won in 1891 a scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford, obtaining a first-class Oxford degree in botany in 1894.
They were a research fellow of Jesus College from 1908 to 1912 and University Reader in Botany from 1910 to 1930. They were elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1921. Their particular fields of interest were phyllotaxy, the development and arrangement of parts of the flower and one-celled sea plants. Church was chiefly interested in morphology and did not take much interest in evolutionary trees although they wrote on the adaptations involved in evolution of land plants in their work on the Thalassiophyta (1919). They were a fine illustrator and photographer, sometimes illustrating their own publications. They were also known for their abilities in preparing microscopic specimens, illustration, and above all inspiring lectures. Their publishing was quite limited.
They married Emma Palmer Pratt of Aberystwyth. They had three daughters. Each daughter was given as their middle name the name of a plant in flower at the time of their birth: Audrey Althea (hollyhock), Rosemary Doronica (Doronicum orientale) and Grace Coryla (hazel).
Publications
References
External links
Profile of Church in Oxford Today
Arthur Harry Church biography
1865 births
1937 deaths
Scientists from Plymouth, Devon
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Fellows of Jesus College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Society
British botanists
Botanical illustrators
19th-century British painters
British male painters
20th-century British painters
19th-century British male artists
20th-century British male artists
Dmitry Nekrashevich (; ; born 26 August 2001) is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for Naftan Novopolotsk on loan from Isloch Minsk Raion.
On the day of their professional debut for Isloch Minsk Raion, they set the new record as the youngest ever player to play in Belarusian Premier League.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Isloch Minsk Raion players
FC Naftan Novopolotsk players
The 1993 Kushiro–Oki earthquake (釧路沖地震, Kushiro-Oki Jishin) was one of two large earthquakes to strike the Japanese island of Hōkkaido within the same year. The earthquake with a magnitude of 7.6 or 7.8 struck at 11:06 UTC or 08:06 pm JST on January 15 near the town of Ashoro. Shaking reached a maximum intensity of IX (Violent) on the Mercalli intensity scale, causing considerable damage, and was felt throughout the island, into northern Honshu, Sakhalin, and the Kuril Islands. As a result of the tremors, two people were killed and more than 600 were wounded.
This earthquake was followed up by another 7.7 earthquake six months later, occurring in the Sea of Japan which triggered a deadly tsunami. Over 200 deaths were recorded, with many missing. Although that earthquake killed more people, it was felt over a smaller area compared to the event in January, possibly because it had a deeper depth of focus.
Tectonic setting
Hokkaidō sits near a convergent plate boundary where the Pacific Plate is subducting beneath the Okhotsk Plate at a rate of 8.5–9.0 cm/yr along the Kuril and Japan trenches. The associated plate boundary megathrust would rupture in moderate to very large megathrust earthquakes such as those seen in 1952, 1963, 2003 and 2011. However, earthquakes also occur within the downgoing Pacific Plate, beneath Japan, along faults that release strain within it. These intraslab earthquakes can have a focal depth of up to 100 km or deeper. Despite having greater focal depths, these events can produce strong ground motions at the surface. Earthquakes within the subducting plates are known as intraslab events; other intraslab earthquakes including those occurring in 1987, 2001, 2003 and 2008 have been damaging.
Earthquake
The magnitude 7.6 Kushiro–Oki earthquake was an intermediate-depth intraslab event occurring at a depth of beneath Hokkaidō. It occurred in a region where there was a lack of prior seismicities. Based on studying the aftershocks distribution, it was determined that the earthquake ruptured a near-horizontal fault. Slip along the fault was restricted to a by area, and was located within the underthrusted slab. The fault ruptured at a velocity of or , producing an average slip of , with a localized maximum slip estimated at . In October 1994, a larger intraslab earthquake would strike the region. That earthquake occurred along a near-vertical fault. A study suggested that this earthquake was triggered by the deep-focus earthquake of May 12, 1990, which occurred beneath the southern part of Sakhalin, caused by extension along the deeper part of the downgoing Pacific Plate.
Effects
A peak ground acceleration of up to 922 cm/s² was recorded at Kushiro that lasted 30 seconds which caused extensive soil liquefaction and damage to the city. In the city, six homes collapsed while 590 were affected, 33 of them sustaining serious damage. Further destruction of properties resulted from landslides and slope failures, some posing additional threats even after the earthquake. During one of the many landslides, a house slid ten meters down the slopes of a hill. The port area was also destroyed by liquefaction, buried manholes and sewage pipes were uplifted and erupted from the ground by up to 1.5 meters. Uplift was observed along a 200 meter zone. Two people were killed; one died from a falling ceiling light, the other was poisoned by gas. Sixty-one individuals were badly injured while another 661 had received minor injuries.
Farm roads, irrigation and drainage canals, and pipelines were severely damaged by ground failures induced by shaking. More roads across 18 locations had to be closed due to the failure of embankments. Slope failures were common around Kushiro, which brought down with it local homes.
Gas pipelines were damaged, affecting more than 9,300 residents when supply ceased. It was only restored 23 days later. Water was also inaccessible to 4,000 people for five days. Throughout the island, over 57,000 were left without power after the quake but was quickly restored by the next day.
Since the earthquake occurred during the winter, a thorough inspection of dams could not be conducted as snowfall had completely covered the structures. It was only in the spring did engineer began their investigation. The Mombetsu Dam was found with some damage; the concrete slope protection on the upstream side of that dam had been raised slightly, but they weren't found to affect the state of the dam. Deformation on the ground slope of the left bank was also discovered when the reservoir was drained.
Retrofitting works done would spare the city from damage once again when the Kuril Islands was struck with a much bigger earthquake in October 1994.
See also
List of earthquakes in 1993
List of earthquakes in Japan
References
1993 earthquakes
1993 in Japan
January 1993 events in Asia
Earthquakes of the Heisei period
History of Hokkaido
Robert Hardy, Jr. is a film director, film producer, screenwriter, and television director. With partner Will Packer, they founded the production company Rainforest Films in 1994. Hardy's film credits include The Gospel, Trois, and Trois 2: Pandora's Box. Their television credits include ER, Criminal Minds, Arrow, and The Game.
Film career
Hardy shot their first substantive video on camcorder, G-Man, while a high school senior at the George School. They shot their first work on film, Chocolate City, while at Florida A&M University, for which they earned the university's Bernard Hendricks Student Leadership Award. The success of Chocolate City helped Hardy and their film partner Will Packer launch Rainforest Films. Hardy's next film, the erotic thriller Trois, saw them as director, co-writer, and self-distributor. Trois became the fastest Independent African-American film to pass the mark. A critically acclaimed sequel, Trois 2: Pandora's Box, followed. In 2003, Hardy produced their first film, Motives, followed by the third in the Trois franchise, the direct-to-video Trois: The Escort.
Hardy then wrote and directed the spiritually-themed drama The Gospel, and produced the companion concert film The Gospel Live. They then are the executive producer on Mekhi Phifer's directorial film debut Puff, Puff, Pass, followed by Stomp The Yard, which held the No. 1 position at the box office for two weekends in January 2007 and was named Best Movie at the 2007 BET Hip Hop Awards. Subsequent projects included Stomp The Yard: Homecoming and Think Like a Man.
Hardy and Packer mutually dissolved Rainforest Films in June 2014. They were subsequently sued by business partner Bernard Bronner for mismanagement and misappropriation of corporate assets.
In March 2015, Hardy launched Rainforest Entertainment. They announced that the new production company will focus on developing scripted and non-scripted content for film, television and digital platforms. Hardy hired Mitzi Miller to serve as Head of Development for the film, television and digital media production company and their offices will be based in Los Angeles.
Television career
Since their 2008 dive into TV directing with ER, Hardy has worked on a variety of hit TV shows like Bones, Criminal Minds, The Vampire Diaries, 90210, The Game and The Flash and has begun directing commercial projects for clients, including CNN, TBS, American Honda, Coca-Cola, Georgia Lottery and The National Cancer Institute.
Along with Andrew Young, Martin Luther King III, and Rainforest Films partner Will Packer, Hardy is co-founder of Bounce TV, a United States television network airing on digital terrestrial television stations. Promoted as "the first 24/7 digital multicast broadcast network created exclusively for African Americans," Bounce TV launched on September 26, 2011, and features programming geared toward blacks and African Americans in the 25–54 age range.
Hardy was nominated on January 9, 2014, for the 45th NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Directing in a Dramatic Series for their work on Criminal Minds. More recently, they signed a deal with Lionsgate.
Personal life
Hardy grew up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They graduated from George School in 1991.
Hardy resides in Atlanta, Georgia with their wife, Shaun, and their sons. Hardy dedicated their 2000 film Trois to their father, Robert, an investor in the movie and Rainforest Films, who died on Labor Day 1999 before the completion of the film. Hardy is a graduate of Florida A&M University and is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. Hardy has completed studies at the New York Film Academy and has earned many nominations and accolades, including the Bernard Hendricks Student Leadership Award from FAMU, which is the highest honor bestowed on a student; the Meritorious Achievement Award from FAMU, which is the highest honor bestowed on an alumnus and the inaugural Woody Strode/Paul Robeson Award of Excellence from their fraternity, Alpha Phi Alpha.
Film credits
Chocolate City (1994) (director, writer, producer)
Trois (2000) (director, writer)
Trois 2: Pandora's Box (2002) (director, writer)
Motives (2004) (producer)
Trois: The Escort (2004) (executive producer, cameo appearance)
The Gospel (2005) (writer; director)
The Gospel Live (2005) (producer)
Puff, Puff, Pass (2006) (executive producer)
Stomp the Yard (2007) (executive producer)
Motives 2 (2007) (producer)
Three Can Play That Game (2008) (producer)
Stomp The Yard: Homecoming (2010) (director)
Think Like a Man (2012) (executive producer)
No Good Deed (2014) (executive producer)
Think Like a Man Too (2014) (executive producer)
Television directorial credits
ER"Believe the Unseen" (2008)
Heroes"The Recruit" (webisode) (2008)
Criminal Minds"The Big Wheel" (2009)"Solitary Man" (2010)"Coda" (2011)"The Bittersweet Science" (2011)"The Wheels on the Bus..." (2012)"Carbon Copy" (2013)"What Happens in Mecklinburg..." (2014)
The Vampire Diaries"Memory Lane" (2010)"Smells Like Teen Spirit" (2011)"Memorial" (2012)"Dead Man on Campus" (2013)"An Eternity of Misery" (2016)
90210"They're Playing Them Song" (2010)"Greek Tragedy" (2011)"A Tale of Two Parties" (2012)
Bones"The Sin in the Sisterhood" (2011)"The Corpse on the Canopy" (2013)"The Carrot in the Kudzu" (2014)
Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior"Jane" (2011)
Single Ladies"Confidence Games" (2011)"That's What Friends Are For" (2011)
Alpha Man: The Brotherhood Of MLK (documentary) (2011) (executive producer; director)
The Game"A Punch in the Gut..." (2012)"Higher Ground" (2012)"There's No Place Like Home" (2012)"Derwin's About To Go Ham!" (2012)
Uptown Comic (executive producer)"Episode 1.3" (2012)"Episode 1.9" (2012)
Second Generation Wayans"The Arrival" (2013)
Grey's Anatomy"Walking on a Dream" (2013)"How to Save a Life" (2015)
Cult"Get with the Program" (2013)
Castle"The Wild Rover" (2013)
Ravenswood"Death and the Maiden" (2013)
Arrow"Blast Radius" (2014)"Draw Back Your Bow" (2014)"Eleven-Fifty-Nine" (2016)
The Originals"Dance Back from the Grave" (2014) "Gonna Set Your Flag on Fire" (2015)
Finding Carter"Drive" (2014)"Now You See Me" (2014)
The Flash"Crazy for You" (2015)"Potential Energy" (2016)"Untouchable" (2017)
Empire"Sins of the Father" (2015)
Being Mary Jane"Line in the Sand" (2015)"Primetime" (2015)
Power"Three Moves Ahead" (2015)"Don't Go" (2016)"You Can't Fix This" (2017)"The Devil Inside" (2018)
How To Get Away With Murder"She's Dying" (2015)"Live. Live. Live." (2017)
Satisfaction"...Through Struggle" (2015)
Blindspot"Cede Your Soul" (2015)"We Fight Deaths on Thick Lone Water" (2016)
Black-ish"Johnson & Johnson" (2016)
Shameless"Swipe, Fuck, Leave" (2016)
The Quad (executive producer)"The Quad: The Movie" (2017)"Elevator" (2017)
Kevin (Probably) Saves the World"Brutal Acts of Kindness" (2017)
Step Up: High Water"Episode 3" (2018)
Deception"Sacrifice 99 to Fool One" (2018)
All American"Pilot" (2018)"i" (2018)"Homecoming" (2018)"Hustle & Motivate" (2019)
Black Lightning"The Book of Secrets Chapter One: Prodigal Son" (2019)
Doom Patrol "Therapy Patrol" (2019)
Prodigal Son"Family Friend" (2019)
Runaways"Enter The Dreamland" (2019)
Evil"Justice x 2" (2020)
Stargirl"Wildcat" (2020)
Power Book III: Raising Kanan"Back in the Day" (2021)
Power Book II: Ghost"Free Will is Never Free" (2021)
References
External links
African-American film directors
African-American television directors
American film directors
American film producers
American television directors
Florida A&M University alumni
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
1971 births
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
War and Love is a 2003 Indian Malayalam-language war film directed by Vinayan and starring Dileep, Prabhu, Laila, Mukesh Rishi, Kalabhavan Mani and Siddique. Captain Raju had a major accident on the sets of this film. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Kalam.
Plot
The film begins with Major Rajendran (Suresh Krishna) being killed by Pakistani terrorists on the Indo-Pakistan border and the war between India and Pakistan begins. The Pakistani Army led by General Jaffer Khan (Mukesh Rishi) sends a battalion to capture a village on the Indian side of the Line of Control. The Indian Army Brigadier Nair (Captain Raju) sends the Madras Regiment to recapture the village. The Madras Regiment contains Lt.Col Sharath Chandran (Prabhu), Captain Gopinath (Dileep), Major Prabhakar (Sai Kumar), Captain Kabir (Siddique), Captain Vijayan (Vijayaraghavan), Havildar Kurian (Jagadish), Private Basheer (Kalabhavan Mani), Naik Haneefa, Havildar Prashanthan, Naik Kunjunni (Machan Varghese), Captain Hema (Indraja) and Private Shankar. They recapture the village after a fierce gun battle that kills all of the Pakistani soldiers. Prabhakar and Kunjunni die during the battle. Jaffer Khan is angered by this defeat and plans to capture the entire Madras Regiment alive. They call Colonel Mushtaq Muhammad, an ISI agent in the Indian Army, and pays them 50,000,000 rupees for capturing the Madras Regiment.
Mushtaq Muhammad hatches a plan in which all of the Madras Regiment except, Gopinath and Vijayan were captured. Gopi kills Mushtaq, but is captured by the Pakistanis. All the prisoners of war are sent to a Pakistani camp, where they get tortured. They are forced to work like slaves. Kabir, Haneefa, Kurian and Hema (Sharath's love interest) are killed by the Pakistanis. Meanwhile, the notorious Pakistani terrorist leader Mansoor Akthar arrives in the camp. Jaffer Khan's beautiful daughter Serina (Laila) also arrives there.  They are about to be raped by Mansoor, but Gopi kills them by dropping a big rock on the terrorist's head. Serina falls in love with Gopi while they decide to use it to save their country. Serina knows Malayalam since Jaffer Khan's father migrated from Malappuram to Pakistan during the Partition. Meanwhile, Captain Vijayan has infiltrated the Pakistani military and gets information that Pakistan is going to use nuclear weapons in the event of a lost war with India. Gopi, with the help of Serina, gains access to the defusing codes of the missile. The climax is a full war between Indian POWs freed by Vijayan and the Pakistani army. Finally, the nuclear bomb is defused by Gopi and the entire Pakistani army is killed. Jaffer Khan is killed by Sharath, who also dies from their injuries. The entire Pakistani camp is blown up and only Gopi, Serina and Vijayan survive. India wins the war and Gopi is given Param Vir Chakra on their return to India. Gopi marries Serina. The film ends with Serina chanting "Bharat Mata Ki Jai".
Cast
Dileep as Captain Gopinath
Prabhu as Lt Col. Sharath Chandran
Kalabhavan Mani as Soldier Basheer
Vijayaraghavan as Captain Vijayan
Siddique as Captain Kabir / Kabir's father
Laila as Serina, Jaffer Khan's Daughter and Gopinath's love interest
Indraja as Captain Hema Varma, Rajendran's sister and Sarath Chandran's fiancee
Jagadish as Hav. Kurian
Sadiq as Naik Haneefa
Captain Raju as Brig. Nair
Mukesh Rishi as Pakistan Army General Jaffer Khan
Sai Kumar as Major Prabhakar
Suresh Krishna as Maj. Rajendran, BSF officer
Shivaji as Ex-Major Varma, Rajendran and Hema's uncle
Manuraj as Soldier Prakashan
Shruthi Raj as Shabana, Settu Pappa's grand daughter
Hemanth Ravan as Col. Mushtaq Muhammed
Machan Varghese as Naik Kunjunni
Joju George as Santhosh, an Indian Soldier
Mafia Sasi as Rasool, a Pakistan Soldier
Charuhasan as Settu Pappa
Major Ravi as Captain Iqbal
Yamuna as Gopinath's mother
Bindu Ramakrishnan as Maheswari, Rajendran and Hema's mother
Ramya Sudha as Rajendran's wife
Meena Ganesh as Basheer's mother
Mangala as Rajendran and Hema's younger sister
Kannur Sreelatha as Omana, Prabhakaran's wife
Sanusha as Mini, Prabhakaran's daughter
Radhika as Rukhiya, Serina's friend
Sandra Amy as Alima,Serina's friend
Box office
This film was a box-office bomb.
References
2003 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films about terrorism in India
Films based on Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts
Indian Army in films
Military of Pakistan in films
Films directed by Vinayan
External links
Mario Arillo (25 March 1912 – 27 September 2000) was an Italian naval officer during World War II.
Biography
Arillo was born in La Spezia on 25 March 1912, the son of Gaetano, a non-commissioned officer in the Italian Navy, and Silvia Piran.
In October 1927 they entered the Italian Naval Academy in Livorno, attending a course of five years. In July 1932 they graduated as ensign and was assigned to the heavy cruiser Trieste; between April and May 1933 they were executive officer on the torpedo boat .
In July 1933 they were promoted to Sub-Lieutenant and embarked again on Trieste, and in September they were transferred to the destroyer Giovanni da Verrazzano, where they remained until October 1934.
In July 1935 they were assigned to the destroyer , and from April to November 1936 they were executive officer on the submarine H 2, based in La Spezia.
In July 1937 they were promoted to lieutenant, and from November 1936 until July 1938 they served on the heavy cruisers Trento and Trieste. They were then assigned on the light cruiser Luigi di Savoia Duca degli Abruzzi, where they were for six months the flag adjutant of Admiral Barzaghi, commander of the 3rd Naval Division.
From July 1938 to September 1940 they served at the Naval Academy, and then, after the beginning of World War II, they were assigned to the submarine Ettore Fieramosca for submarine command training. On 19 January 1941 they were given command of the submarine .
At 03:07 on 31 March 1941, while on patrol on the route between Alexandria and Souda, they torpedoed and sank north of Sollum (Egypt) the light cruiser . The cruiser sank very quickly in position 33°20' N, 26°35' E, after being hit by two torpedoes on the starboard side, with the loss of 148 crewmen, while the 310 survivors were rescued by the destroyer Hereward.
In July 1941, after the failed attack on the port of Valletta by the Decima Flottiglia MAS, Arillo met Lieutenant Commander Junio Valerio Borghese and decided to join the flotilla, which had suffered heavy losses in the attack on Malta. It was then decided to modify Ambra in order to enable it to transport SLC manned torpedoes.
In May 1942 they carried SLCs to Alexandria in a failed attempt to repeat the success of the previous raid in December 1941. In December 1942 they carried three SLC manned torpedoed and ten frogmen that carried out a successful raid on Algiers, sinking two merchant ships and disabling two more. For this raid, Arillo received the Gold Medal of Military Valor.
In June 1943, Arillo (who had been meanwhile promoted to lieutenant commander) went to Danzig to take command of the new submarine S 5, a Type VII U-boat transferred to the Regia Marina. The boat was formally handed over to the Italian Navy on 31 July, and Arillo was its commander until the proclamation of the Armistice of Cassibile on 8 September 1943.
On the evening of that day, they were in Danzig for a dinner with the Italian consul, and was temporarily holding command of Submarine Group "S", when the Group Command was informed of the armistice by an EIAR radio communiqué. The Germans, who had been aware of the armistice already for a few hours, immediately summoned Arillo to the local Kriegsmarine command, demanding the delivery of the submarines, but obtained a refusal. The German command initially allowed the submarines in Gdansk to remain in Italian hands, flying the Italian flags, but on September 19 the boats were formally returned to the Kriegsmarine, while the crews, gathered on board the steamer Deutschland, had to choose whether to join the Italian Social Republic or be interned in a prisoner-of-war camp. Of the approximately five hundred Italians present, about sixty refused to continue fighting, and were interned in Germany.
Together with about four hundred seamen, Arillo was repatriated to Northern Italy, and joined the Marina Nazionale Repubblicana where they became one of Borghese's right hand men. They were appointed head of the Tyrrhenian Command, with headquarters in Genoa and jurisdiction from San Remo to the southern front.
In April 1945, a few hours before the end of the war in Italy, Arillo had a significant role in saving the port of Genoa, which the retreating Germans planned to blow up. They deployed their men and weapons inside the harbour, preventing anyone from entering or approaching. They were then taken prisoner by British forces and initially imprisoned in Afragola, from where they were sent to a POW camp in Algeria, then repatriated to Italy in January 1946 and sent to POW camp "S" near Taranto, from where they escaped in April of that year.
Immediately after the war, they participated in the operations of mine clearing of the Italian ports, but they were subjected to an 'epuration' process and had to leave the military, demoted to the rank of lieutenant. They were subsequently reinstated in their former rank following a decision of a commission chaired by Admiral Vladimiro Pini.
After leaving the Navy, Arillo graduated in engineering, but remained in the Naval Reserve, where they were promoted to the rank of commander and later captain. They died in La Spezia on 27 September 2000.
References
1912 births
2000 deaths
Regia Marina personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Gold Medal of Military Valor
Mental Notes may refer to:
Mental Notes (Split Enz album), 1975 album
Mental Notes (Bad Manners album), 1985 album
Henrik Mestad (born 22 June 1964) is a Norwegian stage, film, and television actor. They received the Hedda Award in 2011.
Mestad was born in Oslo as a son of the politician Viking Mestad.  They are educated at the Norwegian Theatre Academy and was hired at Nationaltheatret in 1991.
As a dramatist, Mestad penned and starred in the plays Lik meg når jeg er teit (1993) and Nansens sønn (2002), both of which played at Nationaltheatret. On the screen, they have starred in Svarte pantere (1992), Vestavind (TV series, 1994–95), Sons (2006), The Art of Negative Thinking and Tatt av kvinnen (2007). In 2013-2014, they co-starred in seasons two and three of the Netflix original series Lilyhammer. In 2015, they portrayed the Norwegian Prime Minister, Jesper Berg, in the political thriller Occupied. They played the Viking Chieftain Olav in seasons one and three of the Netflix original series Norsemen (TV Series) in 2017 and 2020 respectively.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Male actors from Oslo
Oslo National Academy of the Arts alumni
Norwegian male stage actors
Norwegian male film actors
Norwegian male television actors
The Orchestre symphonique de Québec (OSQ; English, Quebec Symphony Orchestra) is a Canadian symphony orchestra based in Quebec City. Founded in 1902 as the Société symphonique de Québec, the OSQ is the oldest active Canadian orchestra. Joseph Vézina was the OSQ's first music director, from 1902 to 1924. In 1942 the orchestra merged with rival orchestra Cercle philharmonique de Québec (founded 1936), at which time it changed its name to the Orchestre Symphonique de Québec.
The orchestra holds an annual competition for young Quebec musicians awarding monetary prizes as well as the opportunity to perform as a soloist with the orchestra. The orchestra also performs with the Théâtre lyrique du Québec (Théâtre lyrique de Nouvelle-France), the (defunct) Opéra du Québec, the Opéra de Québec, and the Choeur symphonique de Québec.
The most recent Canadian music director of the OSQ was Françoys Bernier from 1966 to 1968. The most recent music director was Yoav Talmi, from 1998 to 2011. In December 2011, the OSQ announced the appointment of Fabien Gabel as its 11th music director, as of the 2012–2013 season, with an initial contract of 4 years.
Music directors
Joseph Vézina (1902-1924 until their death)
Robert Talbot (1924-1942)
Edwin Bélanger (1942-1951)
Wilfrid Pelletier (1951-1966)
Françoys Bernier (1966-1968)
Pierre Dervaux (1968-1975)
James DePreist (1976-1983)
Simon Streatfeild (July 1983 – 1991)
Pascal Verrot (1991-1998)
Yoav Talmi (July 1998 – 2011)
Fabien Gabel (designate, from 2012)
Concertmasters
Wilfrid Edge (1902-1903)
J.-Alexandre Gilbert (1903-1934)
Alphonse Saint-Hilaire (1934-1936)
Antoine Montreuil (1936-1937)
Jules Payment (1937-1938)
Gilbert Darisse (1938-1960)
Stuart Fastofki (1960-1963)
Jean-Louis Rousseau (1963)
Hidetaro Suzuki (1963-1977)
Malcolm Lowe (1977-1983)
Liliane Garnier-Lesage (1983-1986)
Jean Angers (1986-1987)
Darren Lowe (1987–presently on leave)
Catherine Dallaire (by interim, 2019–present)
Discography
Roger Matton: Mouvement symphonique I - Lekeu Adagio pour quatuor d'orchestre, Opus 3 - Milhaud Suite provençale. James DePreist conductor. Hidetaro Suzuki concertmaster. 1977. RCI 454/(Matton) 5-ACM 29
Music of the Magical Realism, vol 2: Denys Bouliane Le Cactus rieur et la demoiselle qui souffrait d'une soif insatiable. Streatfeild conductor. 1991. SNE 567 (CD)
André Prévost Le Conte de l'Oiseau - Haydn Toy Symphony. Berryman and Besré narrator, Duschenes conductor. 1984. SNE 518/(Prévost) 6-ACM 28
El Cuento del Pajaro - Haydn Toy Symphony. Rodriguez and Barris narrator, Duschenes conductor. 1984. SNE 519
The Tale of the Bird - Haydn Toy Symphony. Henry and Monette narrator, Duschenes conductor. 1983. SNE 505
Dancing for 100 years (works by Bartók, Brahms, Champagne, François Dompierre and Antonín Dvořák. Yoav Talmi, conductor; Darren Lowe, violin. 2002. Analekta fl. FL 2 3156.
André Mathieu's Concerto de Québec - Richard Addinsell's Warsaw Concerto - George Gershwin's Concerto in F. Yoav Talmi conductor, Alain Lefèvre piano. 2003. Analekta. AN 2 9814.
See also
List of symphony orchestras
Canadian classical music
References
External links
Orchestre symphonique de Québec, official page
Opus 3 Artists page on Fabien Gabel
Musical groups established in 1902
Canadian orchestras
Musical groups from Quebec City
1902 establishments in Quebec
Arts organizations established in 1902
Tour of Azerbaijan 2012 is 27th round of Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan) which took place between May 11 till May 16, 2012 in Iranian Azerbaijan. The tour had 6 stage.
Stages of the Tour
Final Standing
References
Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
Victor Bay () is a bay about wide and long, indenting the coast between Pourquoi Pas Point and Mathieu Rock, Antarctica. The bay is marked by an extensive chain of icebergs breaking away from the high tongue of Commandant Charcot Glacier. It was delineated from aerial photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Paul-Emile Victor, the Director of the Expeditions Polaires Francaises, who organized French expeditions to Greenland in 1948-51 and Antarctica in 1948-53 and 1955–56.
Bays of Adélie Land
The Talmud uses many types of logical arguments. Some of the most common arguments and terms are discussed here.
Chazakah (presumption)
The term chazakah () usually refers to the default assumption; i.e. what is assumed until there is evidence to the contrary. For example, if one is known to have owned real estate, it is assumed that they still own it until proven otherwise. However, with movable items, the chazakah lies with whoever currently has the item in their possession, not with the one who had previously owned it.
This principle also applies in ritual law. For example: Food known to be kosher maintains its status until there is evidence to the contrary. Also, one who engages in acts done only by Kohanim is assumed to be a kohen himself, until proven otherwise (see Presumption of priestly descent).
De'oraita and derabanan
A law is de'oraita (Aramaic: דאורייתא, "of the Torah," i.e. scriptural) if it was given with the written Torah. A law is derabbanan (Aramaic: דרבנן, "of our rabbis," Rabbinic) if it is ordained by the rabbinical sages. The concepts of de'oraita and derabbanan are used extensively in Jewish law.
Sometimes it is unclear whether an act is de'oraita or derabbanan. For example: the Talmud says the prohibition of reciting an unnecessary berakhah (blessing formulated with God's name) violates the verse Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain. Maimonides sees the Talmud as proving a de'oraita prohibition, while Tosafot considers the law to be only derabbanan, and sees the Talmud's scriptural reference as only an asmachta (support).
An article by R' Osher Weiss makes further distinctions between various types of de'oraita or derabbanan commandments, describing a hierarchy of no less than 18 levels of significance for mitzvot.
Examples
Examples of the application of these two terms abound. Examples include:
Birkat Hamazon contains four blessings. While the first three are considered de'oraita, the fourth blessing was added much later on in Jewish history and is derabbanan.
Regarding the verse "Thou shall not boil a kid in its mother's milk": From this, many laws of kashrut are derived by the rabbis. One might think this would make it derabbanan because it was derived by the rabbis, but the laws are actually de-'oraita because they are derived by interpreting the Torah. However, the extension of this prohibition to eating chicken with milk is derabbanan, as it is the product of a specific rabbinic enactment.
Modern observance
The application of differences between rabbinic and biblical mitzvot can sometimes make practical differences.
Rules of precedence
If a de'oraita rule comes into conflict with a d'rabbanan rule, the d'oraita rule (Torah rule) always takes precedence.
Sofek (doubt)
In a case where it is uncertain whether a commandment applies: If the commandment is de'oraita one must follow the stricter of the two possibilities; if the commandment is derabbanan one may take the lenient position.
Bediavad (extenuating circumstances)
In cases of extenuating circumstances regarding a derabbanan, decisors of Jewish law sometimes apply the law leniently.
Kal Vachomer (A fortiori)
A kal vachomer (, literally "lenient and strict") derives one law from another through the following logic: If a case that is generally strict has a particular leniency, a case that is generally lenient will certainly have that leniency. The argument can also work in reverse, and also in areas where lenient or strict might not be precisely applicable.
Migo
A migo (Aramaic: מיגו, literally "out of" or "since") is an argument for a defendant that they ought to be believed regarding a certain claim, because they could have made a different claim which would definitely have been believed.
For example, if someone admits to having borrowed money and claims to have paid it back, they are believed because they could have claimed that they never borrowed the money in the first place (absent other evidence for the loan).
See also
Mitzvah#Rabbinical mitzvot
Takkanah
Talmudical hermeneutics
References
Aramaic words and phrases
Jewish law principles
Judaism-related lists
Talmud concepts and terminology
James Desmond Melville Jr. (born 1957) is an American diplomat who has served as the United States Ambassador to Estonia from December 2015 to June 29, 2018, when they resigned as Ambassador, effective on July 29, 2018.
Career
James D. Melville graduated from Boston University with an honors degree in history, and from Rutgers University School of Law.
J. D. Melville's first Foreign Service assignment was in the U.S. Embassy to the German Democratic Republic from 1986 to 1988. They then served in Seychelles, St. Petersburg, at the U.S. Mission to NATO, and in Paris. In Washington, they worked in Legislative Affairs, as a Senior Watch Officer in the Operations Center, and at the Foreign Service Board of Examiners. From 2008 to 2010 they served as Minister-Counselor for Management Affairs at the Embassy in London. From 2010 to 2012, they served as Executive Director of the Bureaus of European and Eurasian Affairs and International Organization Affairs. As Executive Director of EUR and IO, Ambassador Melville directed support for all of EUR and IO's 79 overseas posts, as well as the domestic requirements for both bureaus.
Melville's most recent position with the State Department was as the Deputy Chief of Mission in the U.S. Embassy Berlin, Germany.
They were nominated by President Obama as the next U.S. Ambassador to Estonia on May 7, 2015, and confirmed by the Senate on August 5, 2015. They were sworn-in on September 18, 2015. They presented their credentials to President Toomas Hendrik Ilves on December 8, 2015. On June 29, 2018, they resigned as Ambassador over President Donald Trump's statements in regards to NATO and the European Union, effective on July 29.
Personal life
Melville is originally from Bradley Beach, New Jersey. Melville speaks Russian, German, and French.
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Bradley Beach, New Jersey
Rutgers University alumni
Boston University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Ambassadors of the United States to Estonia
United States Foreign Service personnel
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana, 1st Class
Ajoo (Born Noh Ah-joo, ( on July 6, 1990) is a South Korean singer who debuted in 2008 with the single "1st Kiss".
Although their first single did not do as well as expected on music charts they made a comeback with "Paparazzi" which features labelmate and popular female solo artist Younha. Younha also wrote the lyrics for the song and appeared in the music video.
They released a single in early 2009 titled "" ("Wealthy 2nd Generation"), which deals with the topic of rich, spoiled children. The song was banned in its original state from KBS, saying that the song was encouraging excessive, indulgent lifestyles; this was criticized by the public, saying that KBS's own dramas were guilty of the same thing, namely its hit Boys Over Flowers.
In 2010 they starred in a Thai film Kaorak thi kaoli Sorry saranghaeyo by Poj Arnon, as himself.
Discography
References
1990 births
K-pop singers
Living people
South Korean pop singers
South Korean male film actors
21st-century South Korean male singers
Chen Jeng-gang (born 22 April 1925) is a Taiwanese former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. They also competed at the 1966 Asian Games.
References
External links
1925 births
Possibly living people
Taiwanese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Taiwan
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sport shooters from Hubei
Shooters at the 1966 Asian Games
Sportspeople from Wuhan
Taiwanese people from Hubei
Asian Games competitors for Chinese Taipei
Miljan Mutavdžić (; born 3 February 1986) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a central or defensive midfielder.
Between 2008 and 2009, Mutavdžić earned two international caps for the Serbian national team, both friendlies.
Club career
Early years
Mutavdžić made their senior debut while playing for Bane in the Second League of Serbia and Montenegro. They then moved to Javor Ivanjica in the winter of 2005, spending there the following four years, until the winter of 2009. Mutavdžić was a member of the team that won the 2007–08 Serbian First League with an unbeaten record. They also went on a six-month loan to Metalac Gornji Milanovac in the first half of the 2005–06 season.
Malmö FF
In March 2009, Mutavdžić was officially transferred to Malmö FF. They scored on their league debut for the club in a 1–0 away victory over BK Häcken. However, Mutavdžić suffered a knee injury less than a week later, causing them to miss the rest of the 2009 season. They faced some problems while recovering from their injury, but managed to play 12 league games in the 2010 season, helping the club win its first Allsvenskan title since 2004. Fully recovered, Mutavdžić played regularly during the 2011 season, making 22 league appearances and scoring once. They also made nine appearances in European competitions that year, when the club was eliminated in the play-off round of the Champions League, before reaching the group stage of the Europa League.
Return to Serbia
In the 2012 winter transfer window, Mutavdžić returned to Serbia after three years by joining Radnički Kragujevac. They moved to their hometown club Novi Pazar in January 2013. On 16 July 2014, Mutavdžić signed a two-year contract with newly promoted SuperLiga club Borac Čačak.
International career
On 14 December 2008, Mutavdžić made their international debut for Serbia in a friendly match against Poland in Antalya. Their second appearance for the national team came in another friendly match, on 11 February 2009, against Ukraine in Nicosia.
Statistics
Club
International
Honours
Javor Ivanjica
Serbian First League: 2007–08
Malmö FF
Allsvenskan: 2010
References
External links
Reprezentacija profile
Serbian footballers
Allsvenskan players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
FK Bane players
FK Borac Čačak players
FK Javor Ivanjica players
FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac players
FK Novi Pazar players
FK Radnički 1923 players
FK Radnik Surdulica players
Malmö FF players
Sportspeople from Novi Pazar
Serbia international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriates in Sweden
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serbian First League players
1986 births
Living people
Hiroyuki Yoshino (born 1974) is a Japanese voice actor.
Hiroyuki Yoshino may refer to:
Hiroyuki Yoshino (screenwriter) (born 1970), Japanese screenwriter
Hiroyuki Yoshino (kickboxer), former national Japanese champion and early member of the Japan Kickboxing Federation
Hiroyuki Yoshino (engineer), former president of Honda Motor Company from 1998–2003
Hiroyuki Yoshino (football executive), former president of the Japanese football team Júbilo Iwata
Hiroyuki Yoshino (The Idolmaster), a character in the Idolmaster franchise
Louis John Secco (January 18, 1927 – October 27, 2008) was a Canadian ice hockey player. They were a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway.
External links
Biography at databaseOlympics.com
Louis Secco's profile at Sports Reference.com
1927 births
2008 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Trail, British Columbia
Ice hockey people from British Columbia
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Geranylgeranylation is a form of prenylation, which is a post-translational modification of proteins that involves the attachment of one or two 20-carbon lipophilic geranylgeranyl isoprene units from geranylgeranyl diphosphate to one or two cysteine residue(s) at the C-terminus of specific proteins. Prenylation (including geranylgeranylation) is thought to function, at least in part, as a membrane anchor for proteins.
The process of geranylgeranylation can be catalyzed by either geranylgeranyl transferase I (GGTase I) or Rab GGTase (also GGTase II). GGTase I catalyze the addition of one geranylgeranyl group onto the C-terminal consensus sequence CAAL (somewhat similar to farnesyltransferase reactions), where C=cysteine, A=any aliphatic amino acid, and L=leucine. Rab GGTase adds a total of two geranylgeranyl groups onto two cysteine residues at the C-terminal consensus sequence CXC or XXCC. The source of the geranylgeranyl group is geranylgeranyl diphosphate, which is synthesized by GGPS1 within the isoprenoid biosynthetic pathway.
An example of this can be seen in the lipid anchoring of the Rho GTPase family of signaling molecules and the gamma subunit of heterotrimeric G proteins.
References
Proteins
Gene expression
Molecular biology
The Mercure was a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.
They took part in the Battle of the Nile under Captain Cambon. They fought against and was captured by . Damaged beyond repair and aground, they were burnt.
See also
List of ships captured in the 18th century
References
Demerliac, Cmdt. Alain, Nomenclature des navires français de 1774 a 1792. Editions ANCRE, Nice.
Winfield, Rif and Roberts, Stephen (2015) French Warships in the Age of Sail 1786-1861: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. .
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Séduisant-class ships of the line
1783 ships
Captured ships
Ships built in France
Maritime incidents in 1798
Ship fires
Scuttled vessels
Shipwrecks of Egypt
Shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
The 1899 Virginia Orange and Blue football team represented the University of Virginia as an independent during the 1899 college football season. Led by first-year head coach Archie Hoxton, the Orange and Blue compiled a record of 4–3–2.
Schedule
References
Virginia
Virginia Cavaliers football seasons
Virginia Orange and Blue football
The Government of Maharashtra is the state governing authority for the state of Maharashtra, India. It is a democratically elected government with 288 MLAs elected to the Vidhan Sabha for a 5-year term.
Maharashtra has a Maharashtra Legislature which consists of two Houses, the Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) and the Vidhan Parishad (Legislative Council). As is the case in a parliamentary system, the government is formed by the party, alliance or group of assembly members who command the majority in the lower House. Lower House majority leader becomes the Chief Minister and selects the cabinet members from both Houses. In case an unelected person becomes the Chief Minister, they must be elected to either House within the following 6 months.
Head Leaders
Council of Ministers
0n 30 June 2022 Eknath Shinde was sworn in as the Chief Minister of Maharashtra on 30 June 2022, on resignation of their predecessor Uddhav Thackeray. Shinde leads a government consisting of their Shiv Sena (Shinde group) party and Bharatiya Janata Party
Cabinet Ministers
By Departments
An alphabetical list of all the departments of Maharashtra Government with terms :
Cabinet Ministers
Guardian Ministers
Secretaries Government of Maharashtra
See All Ministry
Chief Minister's Office (Maharashtra)
Deputy Chief Minister's Office (Maharashtra)
Ministry of General Administration (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Information and Public Relations (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Information Technology (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Law and Judiciary (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Home Affairs (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Public Works (Excluding Public Undertakings) (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Public Works (Including Public Undertakings) (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Finance (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Planning (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Revenue (Maharashtra)
Ministry of State Excise (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Special Assistance (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Social Justice (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Forests Department (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Environment and Climate Change (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Energy (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Water Resources (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Command Area Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Public Health (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Housing (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Urban Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Rural Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Labour (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Co-operation (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Marketing (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Transport (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Industries (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Mining Department (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Textiles (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Protocol (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Tourism (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Cultural Affairs (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Marathi Language (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Water Supply (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Soil and Water Conservation (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Sanitation (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Woman and Child Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of School Education (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Medical Education (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Higher and Technical Education (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Sports and Youth Welfare (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Ex. Servicemen Welfare (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Agriculture (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Protection (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Food and Drug Administration (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Animal Husbandry Department (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Dairy Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Horticulture (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Fisheries Department (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Ports Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Disaster Management (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Relief & Rehabilitation (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Khar Land Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Earthquake Rehabilitation (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Employment Guarantee (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Minority Development and Aukaf (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Majority Welfare Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Tribal Development (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Vimukta Jati (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Nomadic Tribes (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Other Backward Classes (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Other Backward Bahujan Welfare (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Special Backward Classes Welfare (Maharashtra)
Ministry of Socially and Educationally Backward Classes (Maharashtra)
See also
Manav Vikas Mission
Make in Maharashtra
Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha
Local government in Maharashtra
for Maharashtra government employees
Notes
References
External links
Official website of cid Government of India
Official website of Government of Maharashtra
for Maharashtra government employees
Bucket of the latest images on Maharashtra Government. Formation.
Dorcadion leopardinum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Plavilstshikov in 1937. It is known from China.
See also
Dorcadion
References
leopardinum
Beetles described in 1937
is a video game for the Wii home game console. It was announced at a Nintendo event in Japan leading up to the Wii launch. It is set in the Stone Age and was released in Japan on July 3, 2008.
References
External links
Jawa: Mammoth to Himitsu no Ishi at Nintendo
2008 video games
Action-adventure games
Japan-exclusive video games
Prehistoric people in popular culture
Video games developed in Japan
Video games set in prehistory
Wii-only games
Wii games
Spike (company) games
Avdanlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Matthew Paul Mira (born August 5, 1983) is an American podcast host, stand-up comedian and television writer based in Los Angeles. They have been a co-host of The Nerdist Podcast since 2010.
Life and career
Mira was born in Stoneham, Massachusetts on August 5, 1983 and grew up in Lowell, Massachusetts.  They are the youngest of four children. Their parents are John and Mary Mira. They have two older sisters Kimberly and Julie, and an older brother John. They were raised Catholic, and attended Lowell Catholic High School. After high school they attended local colleges. They left Massachusetts for Los Angeles in 2007 to pursue a career in comedy.
From 2008 to 2010, while working as an Apple Genius, Mira produced the podcast Comedy and Everything Else featuring Todd Glass and Jimmy Dore. Since February 2010, Mira has co-hosted The Nerdist Podcast, with Jonah Ray and Chris Hardwick. The podcast was named one of 2010's best by The A.V. Club. Mira has appeared as a guest on several other podcasts, including Sklarbro Country and Doug Loves Movies. In 2011 Mira produced ONESTAR, a show at UCB Theatre Los Angeles with comedian Thomas Lennon in which comedians and actors performed "dramatic readings of the YELP reviews of the Koreatown 24-Hour Fitness." Mira now hosts a weekly open mic at the NerdMelt theatre at Meltdown Comics in Los Angeles titled Nerdist Open Mic, formerly titled Matt Mira's Day Off. In May 2011, BBC America commissioned a pilot based on The Nerdist Podcast, hosted by its creator, comedian Chris Hardwick and featuring Jonah Ray and Mira in their usual co-hosting roles. Mira announced on The Nerdist Podcast that they had accepted a job as the new gadget producer on G4's Attack of the Show. In January 2012, they began making on-air appearances for the segment. Beginning in July 2012, Mira co-hosted Attack of the Show up until its final episode on January 23, 2013.
A video featuring a golf-cart running over Matt has been featured on the TV shows tosh.0, Country Fried Home Videos, and World's Dumbest....
Beginning in March 2012, Matt began co-hosting an occasional podcast with film producer Scott Mosier called FEaB (Four Eyes and Beard), a joint production of Nerdist Industries and SModcast.com.
As of September 2013, Matt co-hosts James Bonding with Matt Gourley (and guests), an Earwolf podcast where they discuss James Bond movies.
Since October 2013, Mira has been writing for the Chris Hardwick hosted @midnight on Comedy Central.
On June 19, 2015, Kevin Smith announced via Facebook that they and Mira "will provide a commentary track for every single episode of Frasier" on a new podcast entitled Talk Salad & Scrambled Eggs - Frasier Reconsidered w/ Matt Mira & Kevin Smith.
As of 2016, Mira currently is writing for The Goldbergs on ABC. They also host a podcast with their wife Doree Shafrir about their journey about making a baby via IVF called Matt & Doree's Eggcelent Adventure.
Starting January 8, 2017, Matt began co-hosting the podcast 'Star Trek: The Next Conversation' with fellow 'The Goldbergs' writer Andrew Secunda.
On September 22, 2017, Matt was named host of After Trek, a live after-show companion to Star Trek: Discovery broadcast on CBS All Access.
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Official website, "The Nerdist"
American stand-up comedians
Living people
American men podcasters
American podcasters
People from Lowell, Massachusetts
1983 births
21st-century American comedians
American comedians
Lorna Lloyd-Green CBE (4 February 1910 – 24 June 2002) was an Australian obstetrician-gynecologist and the president of the Medical Women's International Association from 1968 to 1972. They were the first woman to be elected a fellow of the Australian Medical Association. As one of the first women physicians in Melbourne, they advocated for women in medicine throughout their career, and is credited for playing the principal role in achieving equal pay for women physicians in Australia.
Early life and education
Lorna Lloyd-Green was born on 4 February 1910 in Melbourne, Australia. Them father was a veterinarian and their mother a former school-teacher. They had three siblings. Lloyd-Green attended Penleigh Presbyterian Girls School, Moonee Ponds and Lowther Hall Anglican Grammar School in Essendon from 1920, and then went on to study medicine at the University of Melbourne in 1928. Lloyd-Green graduated from the University of Melbourne with an MBBS degree in 1933
Career
They began practicing at the Royal Melbourne Hospital. They were Superintendent of the Queen Victoria Hospital for Women and Children in 1940. In 1947, Lloyd-Green became a member of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. They received honours for their work in obstetrics and gynecology and their advocacy. LLoyd-Green founded an infertility clinic at the Queen Victoria Hospital, which would later become the Monash IVF Clinic. Lloyd-Green also helped to found the Australian College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
In 1989 they retired from medicine and became a music therapist.
They worked for almost fifty years and had delivered thousands of babies in that time, in addition to providing care to women and nursing mothers.
Personal life
Lloyd-Green never married. They died on 24 June 2002. They did not marry.
Legacy
They were honoured for their work and their advocacy of equal pay for women doctors, as a Fellow of the Australian Medical Association.
An annual music scholarship is given in their name by St Hilda's College at the University of Melbourne.
Awards and honours
President, Victorian Women's Medical Society (1948)
Vice-President, Australian Federation of Medical Women (1950–1954; 1962–1965)
Vice-President, Medical Women's International Association (1958–1968)
Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE; 1968)
Fellow, Australian Medical Association (1969)
Woman of the Year (1970)
Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE; 1979)
Commonwealth Recognition Award for Senior Australians (2000)
Victorian Honour Roll (2001)
Fellow, Australian College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
References
1910 births
2002 deaths
20th-century Australian medical doctors
20th-century women scientists
20th-century women physicians
Australian women medical doctors
Australian medical doctors
Australian obstetricians
Australian gynaecologists
University of Melbourne alumni
Australian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century Australian women
Kulu, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Stronger Than the Law (Swedish: Starkare än lagen) is a 1951 Swedish historical drama film directed by Bengt Logardt and Arnold Sjöstrand and starring Margareta Fahlén, Bengt Logardt and Margit Carlqvist. It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director P.A. Lundgren.
Synopsis
The film is set in the 1870s in a remote community in the mountains of Northern Sweden. A strange man from the south arrives, and interacts with the strait-laced Anna and the bubbly Mimmi who openly flouts convention. Eventually it turns out that they have killed a man and is on the run.
Cast
Margareta Fahlén as Anna Persson
Bengt Logardt as Helge Andersson
Margit Carlqvist as Mimmi
Arnold Sjöstrand as Anders Olsson
Eva Stiberg Stina
Sven Magnusson as Per
Peter Lindgren as Manuel
Yvonne Lombard as Elvira
Åke Fridell as Mattias
Sten Lindgren as Parish constable
Eric Laurent as Johan Persson
Albert Ståhl as Ola
Georg Skarstedt as Priest
Edel Stenberg as Mme Petersen
Alf Östlund as Stenerud
References
Bibliography
Wright, Rochelle. The Visible Wall: Jews and Other Ethnic Outsiders in Swedish Film. SIU Press, 1998.
External links
1951 films
Swedish drama films
1951 drama films
1950s Swedish-language films
Swedish black-and-white films
Films set in the 1870s
Swedish historical films
1950s historical films
1950s Swedish films
Dinamo-Yuni Stadium is a football stadium in Minsk, Belarus. It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Dinamo Minsk. The stadium holds 4,500 people and was opened in 2000.
Until 2008, the stadium was named Darida Stadium and was a home ground for FC Darida Minsk Raion. After the team's dissolution in late 2008, the stadium was bought by Dinamo Minsk and renamed to its current name, Dinamo-Yuni Stadium.
In early 2013, the stadium was closed for the renovation. It was reopened on 3 September 2021.
Sectors
External links
Stadium info at Dinamo Minsk website
References
Football venues in Belarus
FC Dinamo Minsk
Sport in Minsk
Buildings and structures in Minsk
Sao Thong Hin (, ) is one of the six subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Yai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Bang Rak Phatthana, Bang Rak Yai, Bang Len, Bang Muang and Bang Mae Nang. In 2020 it had a total population of 40,566 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 8 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The area of the subdistrict is shared by two local administrative organizations.
Sao Thong Hin Subdistrict Municipality ()
Bang Muang Subdistrict Municipality ()
References
External links
Website of Sao Thong Hin Subdistrict Municipality
Website of Bang Muang Subdistrict Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Jaiyeola Aduke Alakija (March 1921 – March 2016) was a Nigerian welfare officer, lawyer and diplomat who was the country's ambassador to Sweden from 1984 to 1987. They were also a former president of the International Federation of Women Lawyers.
Life
Alakija was born to the family of Adeyemo Alakija, they were the only daughter and last child of their father's first marriage. They started their education at the Claxton House School, Marina, Lagos but left for Wales in 1930 and finished their secondary school at Penrhos College, North Wales. They initially wanted to study medicine at Glasgow University but then transferred to the London School of Economics to study social science. On returning to Nigeria, they worked as a welfare officer in the Lagos judiciary. There they initiated the creation of a juvenile court and caused the establishment of a number of girls clubs in Lagos, as well as assisting in the formation of the Lagos branch of the British Leprosy Relief Association. In 1949, they left Nigeria to study law, qualifying as a barrister in 1953. Thereafter, they set up a law practice with Miss Gloria Rhodes and worked in the chambers of John Idowu Conrad Taylor. They briefly left law to work as a Social Welfare Officer, becoming the first African woman to hold the position in Nigeria.
In Alakija's professional career, they were an assistant to the general manager of Mobil Oil, and later became a director and legal advisor to Mobil Oil Nigeria in 1957. In 1961, Mobil won a concession for oil exploration in Nigeria, and Alakija later became a director in this new venture. In 1967, they were the executive secretary of the Lagos State Chamber of Commerce. From 1961 to 1965, they were a member of Nigeria's delegation to the United Nations.
Alakija was a co-founder of New Era Girls College, a member of the International Women Society of Nigeria and member of Soroptimist International.
They held an honorary degree from Barnard College.
References
1921 births
2016 deaths
Nigerian women lawyers
Nigerian women diplomats
Ambassadors of Nigeria to Sweden
Alumni of the London School of Economics
20th-century Nigerian lawyers
Lawyers from Lagos
Nigerian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Founders of Nigerian schools and colleges
History of women in Lagos
Aduke
Nigerian women ambassadors
20th-century Nigerian women
Nigerian social workers
20th-century women lawyers
Yoruba people
Ivan Filipović Grčić (c. 1660 – 1715) was a Croatian Catholic priest, soldier, and writer.
Ivan Filipović Grčić was born in Sinj. They participated in the beginning of the Morean War, where they joined a group of men from the Cetina region to fight the Ottomans.
In 2016 the town of Sinj unveiled a statue in their honour.
References
Croatian writers
17th-century Croatian Roman Catholic priests
17th-century Croatian military personnel
18th-century Croatian military personnel
People from Sinj
Year of birth uncertain
1715 deaths
18th-century Croatian Roman Catholic priests
Karailyas, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Guglielmo Marconi was the name of at least two ships of the Italian Navy named in honour of Guglielmo Marconi and may refer to:
, a launched in 1939 and sunk in 1941.
, a launched in 1980 and decommissioned in 2003.
Italian Navy ship names
Elbert County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,062. The county seat is Kiowa and the largest town is Elizabeth.
Elbert County is included in the Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Elbert County was created on February 2, 1874, from the eastern portions of Douglas County. On February 6, 1874, the county was enlarged to include part of northern Greenwood County upon Greenwood's dissolution, and originally extended south and east of its present boundaries to reach to the Kansas state line. The county was named for Samuel Hitt Elbert, the Governor of the Territory of Colorado when the county was formed. In 1889, Elbert County was reduced to its modern size when its eastern portions were taken to create Lincoln, Kit Carson, and Cheyenne counties.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.01%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Arapahoe County - north
Lincoln County - east
El Paso County - south
Douglas County - west
Major Highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Highway 24
U.S. Highway 40
U.S. Highway 287
State Highway 86
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 19,872 people, 6,770 households, and 5,652 families in the county. The population density was 11 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 7,113 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.22% White, 0.64% Black or African American, 0.63% Native American, 0.37% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 1.28% from other races, and 1.76% from two or more races. 3.85% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. Of the 6,770 households 42.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 75.10% were married couples living together, 5.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.50% were non-families. 12.20% of households were one person and 3.10% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.93 and the average family size was 3.19.
The age distribution was 30.20% under the age of 18, 5.50% from 18 to 24, 32.80% from 25 to 44, 25.50% from 45 to 64, and 6.00% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 100.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.90 males.
The median household income was $62,480 and the median family income was $66,740. Males had a median income of $45,329 versus $29,767 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,960. About 2.50% of families and 4.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.60% of those under age 18 and 4.50% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Towns
Elizabeth
Kiowa
Simla
Census-designated places
Elbert
Ponderosa Park
Other unincorporated places
Agate
Fondis
Matheson
Politics
Elbert is a strongly Republican county in Presidential elections. Along with Rio Blanco County and Kit Carson County, it was one of three Colorado counties to be won by Alf Landon in 1936, and stood together with Hinsdale and Washington Counties by supporting Barry Goldwater over Lyndon Johnson in 1964. The last Democratic presidential nominee to carry Elbert County was Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1932.
Elbert County is in the 4th Congressional District and the current representative is Republican Ken Buck from Windsor.
In senatorial elections, the county has been similarly Republican. No Democratic senatorial candidate has obtained even thirty percent of the county's vote since Ben Nighthorse Campbell, who was later to shift to the Republican Party, in 1992, and none have actually won since before 1990. In gubernatorial elections, Elbert County has also generally been powerfully Republican, but was nonetheless carried by Democrat Roy Romer by a narrow margin in 1990 – when they carried all but four counties statewide – by Dick Lamm in 1982 and by Constitution Party candidate Tom Tancredo in 2010.
The official newspaper of record used by the county is the weekly Elbert County News. The weekly Ranchland News and monthly Prairie Times also cover local events.
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Greenwood County, Colorado Territory
National Register of Historic Places listings in Elbert County, Colorado
Notes
External links
Elbert County Community Homepage
References
Colorado counties
1874 establishments in Colorado Territory
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1874
Cricket Snapper is an independent film written, directed and produced by Lawson Welles. The film is based on the true story of Barbara Asher, who was charged but acquitted of the manslaughter and dismemberment of Michael Lord, a New Hampshire man who allegedly suffered a heart attack while chained in their dungeon. Rather than call the authorities, police said Asher confessed they and their boyfriend chopped up Lord's body in the bathtub and dumped it behind a Maine restaurant, but DNA testing of their bathtub revealed none of Lord's DNA or any evidence of cleaning agents. According to the Quincy Patriot-Ledger story covering the film's Boston premiere on May 6, 2011, the dominatrix's boyfriend, Miguel Ferrer "was charged with being an accessory after the fact, has never been tried" and "fled after being indicted."
In Welles' film, the dominatrix and their husband dump the body, but then are hunted down and murdered themselves out in the dark, snow-covered woods of Massachusetts by a vicious serial killer. The soundtrack to Cricket Snapper includes tracks by Church of Satan High Priests, Anton LaVey and Peter H. Gilmore. Cricket Snapper was released on October 10, 2005, the twentieth anniversary of the death of Lawson's hero of the same surname, Orson Welles. Lawson Welles was born on the 60th birthday of Orson Welles. Cricket Snapper cinematographer, Jerry Bagdasarian, was a veteran of the D-Day landings and worked on Rod Serling's Twilight Zone series before working on independent films. Welles got the idea for the title after first meeting Bagdasarian to interview them over their experiences in World War II. Jerry showed Lawson a cricket snapper, a device paratrooper from the 82nd Airborne and 101st Airborne units used to communicate with one another. Cricket Snapper is not the first film to feature this device, as John Wayne explained its usage to their men in the World War II epic, The Longest Day.
The soundtrack to Cricket Snapper includes tracks by Bill McElaney, Church of Satan High Priests, Anton LaVey and Peter H. Gilmore.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20061219095831/http://www.oldnickmagazine.com/lawson_feature.php
https://web.archive.org/web/20070930040739/http://www.zwire.com/site/news.cfm?newsid=13114749&BRD=1713&PAG=461&dept_id=24491&rfi=6
http://pawtuckettimes.com/site/...?brd=1713&dept_id=24491&newsid=13114749
https://web.archive.org/web/20061025164541/http://seacoastonline.com/news/hampton/01272006/news/84993.htm
http://ledger.southofboston.com/articles/2006/01/12/news/news05.txt
2005 films
Crime films based on actual events
2000s crime films
The First Congregational Church is a historic church at 400 Main Street in Farmington, New Hampshire. Built in 1875 for a congregation founded in 1819, it is the oldest church building in the town, and a distinctive example of Gothic Revival architecture designed by New Hampshire native Frederick N. Footman. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2018, and the New Hampshire State Register of Historic Places in 2017. The congregation is affiliated with the United Church of Christ.
Description and history
The First Congregational Church stands in the town center of Farmington, on the west side of Main Street (New Hampshire Route 153) at Pleasant Street. It is a red brick building, with a basically rectangular plan covered by a gabled roof. A square tower projects from the left front corner, rising and housing a clock and belfry before terminating in a steeple surmounted by a cross. The bell was dedicated in 1918 to the memory of politician Henry Wilson, who was a member of the congregation in their youth. The interior retains a number of original features, including chair rails, Gothic choir pews, and massive wooden roof trusses. It has a series of particularly fine stained glass windows that are original to its construction.
The church was built in 1875 to a design to Frederick Footman. Footman was a native of Somersworth, who was one of the first enrollees in the architecture program of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The congregation was founded in 1819, and built its first dedicated sanctuary across the street in 1844. That building burned during a blizzard in 1875, and the present building was constructed on land donated by a wealthy local business person.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Strafford County, New Hampshire
References
External links
Church website
United Church of Christ churches in New Hampshire
Congregational churches in New Hampshire
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Gothic Revival architecture in New Hampshire
Churches completed in 1875
19th-century churches in the United States
Churches in Strafford County, New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Strafford County, New Hampshire
New Hampshire State Register of Historic Places
Farmington, New Hampshire
Stephen Keith Matthews (born October 13, 1970) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League. They played five seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs, Jacksonville Jaguars, and Tennessee Oilers, later the Titans, (formerly Houston Oilers). They played collegiately at the Harford Community College of Harford County, Maryland in Churchville for the Fighting Owls and later at the University of Memphis for the Tigers.  They are currently suspended as head football coach for receiving a DUI and having prescription pain pills in their vehicle with no prescription at Knoxville Catholic High School in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Professional career
Matthews was drafted in the seventh round (199th overall) in the 1994 NFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs. After three seasons with no playing time, they left and joined the Jacksonville Jaguars. With the Jaguars, Matthews played in two games and started one. In their first start on September 7, 1997, Matthews led Jacksonville to a win over the New York Giants by completing 23 of 35 passes with no interceptions. They would then play for the Tennessee Titans during the 1998 season. They played in just one game, completing 2 of 3 passes for 24 yards. They would be released at the end of the '98 Season.
References
1970 births
Living people
People from Tullahoma, Tennessee
Players of American football from Tennessee
American football quarterbacks
Memphis Tigers football players
Harford Fighting Owls football players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Scottish Claymores players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Tennessee Oilers players
Chandrakantha is a 1936 Indian, Tamil-language film directed by P. K. Raja Sandow.
Cast
The following list was adapted from the book Thamizh Cinema Ulagam Part-1.
Male cast
Kali N. Rathnam Thirukallur Bandaara Sannidhigal
T. R. B. Rao Narayana Reddy, Subedar Annasamy
Pudukottai P. U. Chinnappa Kandur Prince
M. Kosalam Raghava Reddy
Aayiram Mugam S. Ramkumar Detective Govindan
M. K. Gopalan Sub-Magistrate Thandavarayan
N. S. Krishnan Barber Muniyan
P. Sundar Rao Kandur Regent
T. S. Kannan Police constable Gundu Rao
T. S. V. Gopal Moththaiyur Bandaara Sannidhigal
Master Shankar Rao Kid Raghava Reddy
N. Ramanathan Veera Reddy
N. A. Natesan Karbar Ascetic
Female cast
Saraswathi Chandravathana
A. K. Rajalakshmi Chandrakantha
C. Padmavathi Bhai Bhagyam
Leela Bhai Kandur Queen
P. Susheela Barber Suppi
T. K. Dhanalakshmi Sangeetham
C. J. Kamakoti Abhimaana Dasi
Harel English Dasi
Ammukutti Malayala Dasi
Ganga Hindi Dasi
T. M. Alamelu Dasi
Shanmugavalli Dasi
Mahalakshmi Dasi
K. M. Sethu Bai Dasi
Production
The film was produced under the banner Jupiter Pictures and was directed by P. K. Raja Sandow. J. R. Rangaraju wrote the story and dialogues. Cinematography was done by M. M. Purohit while editing was done by P. K. Raja Sandow. Audiography was done by Sripath Patel and Saiyed Mothimmaiah. Gokale was in-charge of Settings. The film was shot and processed at Saraswathi Cinetone, Pune.
The film was based on the life of Heads of religious mutts and caused an uproar when it was released. There were requests to ban the film.
Soundtrack
No credits are given for Music Direction and lyrics. One kriti by Thiyagaraja – Nidhi Saala Sugama – was included in the film.
List of songs
Notes
References
External links
1936 films
Elena María Tejeiro is a Spanish film and television actor.
Filmography
References
Bibliography
Peter Cowie & Derek Elley. World Filmography: 1967. Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1977.
External links
1939 births
Living people
Spanish film actores
People from Murcia
Actors from the Region of Murcia
Duncan Standon Ironmonger AM (born 12 October 1931) is an Australian household economist.  They are an Honorary Principal Fellow and Associate Professor of the Households Research Unit, Department of Economics, University of Melbourne.
Ironmonger was born in Yass, and finished their schooling at Canberra Grammar School. They worked for the Australian Bureau of Statistics, then studied at the University of Cambridge. They returned to the ABS to contribute to the creation of a system for reporting the national accounts, them worked at the Melbourne Institute.
In 2013 they were made a Member of the Order of Australia.
References
Australian economists
Living people
1931 births
University of Melbourne faculty
Members of the Order of Australia
People educated at Canberra Grammar School
The Elisha White House, also known as Maple Tree Farm, is a historic mansion in Waco, Tennessee, U.S..
History
The land was granted to Thomas Armstrong, a veteran of the American Revolutionary War. In 1810, it was purchased by Elisha White, a settler from Virginia. White built the house in 1821, where they lived with their wife Jane. During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, it served as a hospital for the Confederate States Army.
The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since March 4, 1983.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Federal architecture in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1821
Antebellum architecture
Houses in Giles County, Tennessee
The men's pole vault at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 30 August and 1 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
1 September
Qualification
30 August
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 23 athletes from 13 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(3)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
References
Pole vault
Pole vaults at the European Athletics Championships
Flying Tiger Line, also known as Flying Tigers, was the first scheduled cargo airline in the United States and a major military charter operator during the Cold War era for both cargo and personnel (the latter with leased aircraft). The airline was bought by Federal Express in 1988.
History
The company was started by Robert William Prescott. It was headquartered on the grounds of Los Angeles International Airport in Westchester, Los Angeles, California.
The airline was named after the Flying Tigers fighter unit of World War II, officially the 1st American Volunteer Group. Ten former AVG pilots, after returning to the United States in 1945, formed the Flying Tiger Line established on 24 June 1945 as National Freight Service known under the name of National Skyway Freight using a small fleet of 14 Budd Conestoga freighters purchased as war surplus from the United States Navy. The pilots and two ground crew provided half of the initial investment, with the balance coming from California oil tycoon Samuel B. Mosher. For the next four years, Flying Tiger Line carried air freight on contract throughout the U.S. and, as the airline expanded, carrying supplies to U.S. troops under Gen. Douglas MacArthur during the occupation of Japan.
In 1949, the Civil Aeronautics Board awarded Flying Tiger Line the first commercial air cargo route in the U.S., a transcontinental route from Los Angeles and San Francisco, California to Boston, Massachusetts. Shortly afterward, the company began chartering passenger aircraft for group travel as well; its Lockheed Super Constellation, Douglas DC-4 and DC-6 fleet comprised the largest trans-Atlantic charter operation through the 1950s.
Operations
During the Korean War, Flying Tiger aircraft were chartered to transport troops and supplies from the United States to Asia; Flying Tigers later received a cargo route award to Japan, China, and Southeast Asia. The airline also played a major role in the construction of the Distant Early Warning Line, flying equipment to remote outposts in northern Canada and Alaska.
Flying Tiger Line adopted the Canadair CL-44 swing-tail aircraft in 1961, becoming one of the first carriers in the world to offer aerial pallet shipping service. In 1965, Flying Tiger Line began operating jet aircraft when on September, 27, the first (as N322F) of four Boeing 707 was delivered. The Boeing 707 remained in the fleet only few years, and later sold, upon arrival of the higher-payload Douglas DC-8, the largest civilian airliner until the Boeing 747 entered service. The first Douglas DC-8-63F registered as N779FT was delivered to the airline on June 26, 1968 and the other eighteen followed until 1972.
In 1974, the airline took delivery of its first Boeing 747. The Flying Tiger Line then put in orders for brand-new Boeing 747-200F freighters designated the Boeing 747-249F, which at the time were among the heaviest commercial airplanes flying, weighing in at . These aircraft had the powerful "Q" (Pratt & Whitney JT9D-7Q) engines and heavy landing gear and could simultaneously carry both of fuel and of cargo loaded through both the nose door and the side door at the same time. Aircraft loaders had earlier refused to work at the extreme height necessary for loading freight on the upper deck, so the "supernumerary area" or "hump" was configured with 19 first class seats instead which were used to transport livestock handlers, charter agents and mechanics as well as dead-heading pilots and flight attendants.
Tiger's Ad Hoc Charter livestock flights provided airlift for exotic animals. Two examples were thoroughbred racehorses and show animals from Stansted, England to the Melbourne Cup, as well as breeding stock cattle (milk supply) to nations such as Japan and Thailand. They became known for carrying a number of unique cargoes, including Shamu the SeaWorld killer whale and the torch of the Statue of Liberty.
By the mid-1980s, Flying Tigers operated scheduled cargo service to six continents and served 58 countries. It surpassed Pan American World Airways in 1980 as the world's largest air cargo carrier after acquiring its rival cargo airline Seaboard World Airlines on 1 October 1980. It also operated military contract services, most notably DC-8 routes between Travis Air Force Base, California and Japan in the 1970s, followed by weekly 747 passenger service between Clark Air Base, Philippines, and St. Louis, Missouri via Japan, Alaska, and Los Angeles during the 1980s. Covert flights for the military were not uncommon throughout the airline's history, given its roots in Civil Air Transport (CAT), as with its sister airline Air America, originally owned by General Claire Lee Chennault, commander of the Flying Tigers fighter squadron in Southeast Asia.
At its peak, the Tigers employed approximately 251 flight attendants and carried up to a record 594 passengers and crew on its MAC all-coach passenger flights. Approximately 998 pilots worked for the airline based throughout the US. Large crew bases were situated at Los Angeles, New York City and Lockbourne, Ohio (Rickenbacker International Airport). The Los Angeles headquarters operation included its own engine shop and jet maintenance business. Flying Tigers also made livestock carriers for airplanes, some comparable in external size and shape to the standard AMJ container used in the FedEx flight operations. They operated a recording company subsidiary, Happy Tiger Records, from 1969 to 1971.
Charter and scheduled passenger operations were flown by their subsidiary, Metro International Airlines, which was formed in January 1981, and ceased operations in 1983, when it was sold to Tower Air. The scheduled Boeing 747 passenger service route was New York City JFK Airport - Brussels - Tel Aviv operated several days a week.
After airline deregulation, stiff competition buffeted profits and, with some unsuccessful diversification attempts by parent Tiger International, the airline began sustaining losses in 1981. Then-CEO Stephen Wolf sold Flying Tigers to Federal Express in December 1988. On August 7, 1989 Federal Express merged Flying Tigers into its operations, and the Flying Tigers name passed into history.
World record
On 15 November 1965, a modified Flying Tigers Boeing 707-349C made the first ever aerial circumnavigation of the Earth via the poles, in 62 hours 27 minutes. The aircraft carried additional fuel in two additional tanks installed in the main cabin.
Fleet
At the time of its sale to FedEx, Flying Tigers were operating the following aircraft:
8 Boeing 747-100
13 Boeing 747-200
19 Boeing 727-100
6 Douglas DC-8-73
Accidents and incidents
More details of the following can be found at the ASN Aviation Safety Database
On July 30, 1950, a Flying Tiger Line Curtiss C-46 (N67960), crashed on takeoff from Stapleton International Airport due to unknown performance problems; both pilots and both passengers survived, but the aircraft was written off.
On January 7, 1953, Flying Tiger Line Flight 841, a Douglas C-54 (N86574), struck the base of Squak Mountain due to pilot error, killing all seven on board. The aircraft was being ferried from Burbank to Seattle.
On September 24, 1955, Flying Tiger Line Flight 7413/23, a Douglas C-54 (N90433), ditched in the Pacific after three engines failed, killing three of five crew.
On March 18, 1956, a Flying Tiger Line Curtiss C-46 (N9995F), crashed at Pelly Bay, Canada after the left wing struck terrain while on a VFR approach, both pilots and the passenger survived, but the aircraft was written off.
On September 9, 1958, a Flying Tiger Line L-1049H Super Constellation (N6920C) struck Mount Ōyama while operating a Travis AFB-Tokyo cargo flight, killing all eight on board.
On March 15, 1962, Flying Tiger Line Flight 7816/14, an L-1049H Super Constellation (N6911C), crashed on approach to Adak Island Naval Air Station, Alaska due to pilot error, killing one of eight on board. The aircraft was operating a Military Air Transport Service (MATS) cargo flight from Travis AFB to Kadena Air Base.
On March 16, 1962, Flying Tiger Line Flight 739 (also known as Flight 7815/13) disappeared over the Pacific with 107 on board. This accident remains the worst ever accident involving the L-1049.
On September 23, 1962, Flying Tiger Line Flight 923, an L-1049H Super Constellation (N6923C), ditched in the North Atlantic after three engines failed, killing 28 of 76 on board. The aircraft was operating a MATS charter flight from Gander to Frankfurt.
On December 14, 1962, Flying Tiger Line Flight 183, an L-1049H Super Constellation (N6913C), crashed on approach to Lockheed Air Terminal in Burbank due to pilot incapacitation (suspected heart attack), killing all five on board and three on the ground.
On December 24, 1964, Flying Tiger Line Flight 282 crashed near San Francisco International Airport after an unexplained course change, killing the three crew.
On December 15, 1965, Flying Tiger Line Flight 914, an L-1049H Super Constellation (N6914C), struck California Peak after the pilot became disorientated in IFR conditions, killing the three crew.
On March 21, 1966, Flying Tiger Line Flight 6303, a Canadair CL-44 (N453T), crashed on landing at NAS Norfolk due to pilot error; all six crew survived, but the aircraft was written off.
On December 24, 1966, a Flying Tiger Line Canadair CL-44 (N228SW) crashed on landing near Da Nang, killing all four crew and 107 on the ground.
On July 27, 1970, Flying Tiger Line Flight 45, a Douglas DC-8 (N785FT), crashed in the water off Naha Air Base, Okinawa, killing all four crew.
On February 15, 1979, Flying Tiger Line Flight 74, a Boeing 747 (N804FT), was landing at O'Hare International Airport in heavy fog whilst Delta Air Lines Flight 349, a Boeing 727, was crossing the active runway Flight 74 was landing on. The two aircraft narrowly avoided a ground collision when Flight 74 swerved into the grass beside the runway. No one was injured, and the aircraft was returned to service.
On October 11, 1983, Flying Tiger Line Flight 9014, a Boeing 747 (N806FT), ran off the runway at Frankfurt International Airport after a cargo pallet broke loose; the three crew and three passengers survived; the aircraft was substantially damaged, but was repaired and returned to service.
On October 25, 1983, Flying Tiger Line Flight 2468, a Douglas DC-8 (N797FT), ran off the runway at NAS Norfolk due to crew and ATC errors; all five on board survived; the aircraft was substantially damaged but was repaired and returned to service.
On February 19, 1989, Flying Tiger Line Flight 66 crashed near Kuala Lumpur due to crew and ATC errors, killing all four crew.
See also
List of defunct airlines of the United States
References
External links
Flying Tiger Line accidents and incidents at the Aviation Safety Network
Flying Tiger Line photo gallery
Flying Tiger Line Pilots Association
Flying Tigers Boeing 747 Fleet Detail
Annals of the Flying Tigers
Defunct airlines of the United States
Defunct cargo airlines
FedEx
Airlines established in 1945
Airlines disestablished in 1989
American companies established in 1945
Cargo airlines of the United States
Alfred Whittingham (19 June 1914 – 1993) was a professional footballer, who played for Bradford City, Huddersfield Town and Halifax Town. They were born in Altofts, West Yorkshire.
During World War II, Whittingham made 78 guest appearances for Southampton, scoring 84 goals; on 16 January 1943 they scored eight goals in an 11–0 victory over Luton Town.
References
1914 births
1993 deaths
English footballers
People from Altofts
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Halifax Town A.F.C. players
Southampton F.C. wartime guest players
Rhonda Windham (born 1964 or 1965) is a former WNBA general manager of the Los Angeles Sparks from 1997 to 1999. Before joining the Sparks, Windham played basketball at the University of Southern California between 1983 and 1987. With USC, Windham scored 1,040 points and was the assists leader for each
season except for 1984. During their last year in college, Windham played at the 1987 Summer Universiade and received the 1987 Frances Pomeroy Naismith Award.
After holding brief positions in the United States and Italy, Windham worked in public relations for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1990 to 1996. Upon the creation of the WNBA in 1997, Windham was the first ever general manager for the Sparks. Outside of professional basketball, Windham created the Say No Classic in 1991 and entered real estate investing in 2000.
Early life and education
In 1964 or 1965, Windham was born in The Bronx, New York. Windham competed in gymnastics and basketball as a child before focusing on basketball in secondary school. After playing in various parts of New York City, Windham went to the University of Southern California in the early 1980s to study communication. While at Southern California, Windham and their team won the 1983 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament. Windham continued to play basketball until they injured their knee at the 1983 U.S. Olympic Festival. Windham took a year off from basketball until they returned in late 1984. In 1986, Windham was part of the USC team that was runnerup at the 1986 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament.
Overall, Windham played in 122 games and scored 1,040 points with the Trojans. They held the record in assists for the Trojans each season between 1983 and 1987 except 1984. In 1987, Windham received the Frances Pomeroy Naismith Award from the
Women's Basketball Coaches Association. Outside of the United States, Windham was part of the American team that finished fifth at the 1987 World University Games.
Southern California statistics
Source
Note: The following stats:FG%, FT%, RBG, PPG, FG, FGA, FT, FTA, REB, PTS for 1984–85 reflect the first 26 games. The assists (A), and Assists per game (APG) reflect all 28 games.
Career
After completing their post-secondary education, Windham briefly worked in marketing before trying out for the 1988 Summer Olympics. After they did not qualify for the American women's basketball team, Windham became a youth basketball coach in Italy that same year. After working in Italy for a year, Windham went back to the United States and worked in public relations. During their public relations career, Windham worked for the Los Angeles Lakers between 1990 and 1996. In January 1997, Windham was named the general manager of a Los Angeles team in the upcoming WNBA.
When the WNBA held their first games from June to July 1997, Windham was the first ever general manager for the Sparks. Windham continued to work as general manager of the Los Angeles Sparks until they were fired in 1999. Apart from professional basketball, Windham created a summer college basketball association called the Say No Classic in 1991. In the early 2000s, Windman expanded their career to real estate investing.
References
1964 births
Women's National Basketball Association executives
USC Trojans women's basketball players
Living people
The Governing Body of the Church in Wales is the deliberative and legislative body of the Church in Wales, broadly speaking equivalent to the General Synod of the Church of England. The Governing Body usually meets twice each year to receive reports, discuss issues concerning the church and make decisions on matters brought before it.
History
The Church in Wales was created in 1920 under the Welsh Church Act 1914. It came about as a result of a desire by the Welsh people to be led by Welsh bishops and to be able to worship in their own language. It is not only a disestablished church but also a disendowed church. It became an independent province of the Anglican Communion. It adopted a written constitution and elected a Governing Body which at first used to meet once a year, but now meets twice annually. The Governing Body has ultimate authority "to approve liturgies, review organizational structures, and secure firm fiscal resources for the mission and ministry of the church". The Church in Wales was one of the first members of the Anglican Communion to adopt synodical government.
The Governing Body
The Governing Body of the Church in Wales is tricameral and consists of three orders of participants; the first order is the House of Bishops, which includes all six bishops from the six dioceses in the archbishopric; the second is the House of Clergy, which includes fifty-one clerical representatives who are elected at diocesan level; the third is the House of Laity, which includes eighty-six non-clerical representatives from the parishes of the archbishopric, again elected at diocesan level. The chairperson and vice-chairperson of the Representative Body of the Church in Wales are ex-officio members and other persons can be co-opted to cover their areas of expertise. The total membership of the Governing Body is one hundred and forty-three persons. For some matters, a simple majority verdict is required, but for other more important issues, a motion will only be passed if it receives a majority in all three of the Houses.
References
External links
Governing Body of the Church in Wales
Church in Wales
Joseph White (1745–1814) was an English orientalist and theologian, Laudian Professor of Arabic and then Regius Professor of Hebrew at the University of Oxford.
Early life and career
They were born in Gloucestershire, the son of Thomas White, a journeyman weaver. They received their earliest education in one of the Gloucester charity schools, and started life in their father's employment. Wealthy neighbours enabled them to pursue their studies at Ruscomb and Gloucester, and with support from John Moore they entered Wadham College, Oxford, as a commoner on 6 June 1765. In September of that year they became scholar of their college, where they shortly afterwards obtained the Hody exhibition for Hebrew, as well as other prizes. They were fellow from 1771 until 1788, and filled various college offices. They graduated B.A. on 5 April 1769, M.A. on 19 February 1773, B.D. on 17 May 1779, and D.D. on 17 December 1787.
At their patron's desire they devoted themselves to the study of Syriac, Arabic, and Persian, and in 1775, by a unanimous vote, was elected to the Laudian chair of Arabic. At the suggestion of Robert Lowth the delegates of the Clarendon Press entrusted to White the task of completing and issuing an edition of the Philoxenian version (more accurately, Harklensian) of the New Testament, for which Glocester Ridley had left materials, from two manuscripts which they had brought from the east. White's edition appeared in 1778.
From 1780 to 1783 they were occupied in preparing an edition of the Persian text of the 'Institutes of Timur,' of which a specimen was issued in the former year, while the whole appeared in 1783, at the expense of the East India Company. The text was accompanied by a translation into English by Major Davy, then Persian secretary to the governor-general of Bengal.
The Bampton Lectures
In 1783 White, one of the preachers at Whitehall Chapel, was appointed to the recently founded Bampton lectureship for 1784, their subject being a comparison between Islam and Christianity. They asked Samuel Badcock, an impoverished clergyman and newspaper writer, to write up one lecture and large portions of others, as a secret arrangement. The lectures were very well received, and White received preferment: the rectory of Melton, Suffolk, through Moore's influence, and then a prebend at Gloucester Cathedral, through Edward Thurlow, 1st Baron Thurlow. Badcock then died, and White, in their letter of condolence to their sister, requested them to return all letters in Badcock's papers; but Miss Badcock took advice from Robert Burd Gabriel, to whom their brother had been curate. Among the papers was a bond for £500. White at first refused to pay, but afterwards agreed. Gabriel had meanwhile circulated the story, and being challenged from several quarters to produce evidence for their assertion, at length published a number of White's letters to Badcock, evidence of the joint authorship, and also suggesting that yet other hands had been employed on the discourses. Gabriel's pamphlet ran through several editions; in a rejoinder from one of White's partisans Gabriel was virulently attacked. White in 1790 published an account of their literary obligations, maintaining that the bond was for help in a projected history of Egypt, of which work on Abd-el-latif was to be the first part.
Later career
Between 1790 and 1800 they published little. In the latter year their edition of Abdullatif at last appeared, with a dedication to Sir William Scott. They had printed the text sixteen years before, but, not being satisfied with it, had presented the copies to Heinrich Paulus who issued the work in Germany. White's edition embodied a translation which had been begun by Edward Pococke the Younger, but was completed by White himself. The elaborate monograph on Pompey's Pillar which White published in 1804 became antiquated in the light of advances in Egyptology. The rest of White's literary work was concentrated on the textual study of the Old and New Testaments, and earned them in 1804 the regius professorship of Hebrew at Oxford, carrying with it a canonry of Christ Church, Oxford. Besides various pamphlets, in which they advocated a retranslation of the Bible, and proposed a new edition of the Septuagint, to be based on the Hexaplar-Syriac manuscript then recently discovered at Milan, they published in 1800 a Diatessaron or Harmony of the Gospels. Their edition of the New Testament in Greek (1st edit. 1808; often reprinted) popularised Johann Jakob Griesbach's Critical Studies. Their last work, Criseos Griesbachianae in Novum Testamentum Synopsis (1811) contains a summary of the more important results. Both as a theologian and as a critic they were most conservative.
White died at Christ Church, Oxford, on 23 May 1814. They married, in 1790, Mary Turner, sister of Samuel Turner who visited Tibet as a British envoy. They died in 1811.
References
1745 births
1814 deaths
18th-century English Anglican priests
19th-century English Anglican priests
English orientalists
Fellows of Wadham College, Oxford
Laudian Professors of Arabic
Regius Professors of Hebrew (University of Oxford)
English male non-fiction writers
DDM may refer to:
Computing
Data Diffusion Machine, a virtual shared memory computer architecture from the 1990s
Digital diagnostics monitoring function in SFP transceivers
Distributed Data Management Architecture, an open, published architecture for creating, managing and accessing data on a remote computer.
Dynamic Data Masking, a form of data masking
Dynamic Device Mapping, an advanced technology for USB KVM switches
Science and technology
Derrick Drilling Machine, or Top drive
Difference in the Depth of Modulation, an amplitude modulation method used in the Instrument Landing System
Differential dynamic microscopy, an optical technique
Direct Digital Manufacturing
Doctor of Dental Medicine, an academic degree for dentistry
Domain decomposition methods
Drift Diffusion Model, a method used in psychological choice testing
Maltosides (n-Dodecyl β-D-Maltopyranoside), a detergent used when purifying membrane proteins
Dyson Digital Motor, a two-pole switched reluctance motor
Finance
Dividend Discount Model, a valuation method for shares based on dividends
East German mark, a former currency (ISO code was DDM)
Other uses
Deutsches Dampflokomotiv-Museum, the German Steam Locomotive Museum
Dharma Drum Mountain, a Buddhist educational foundation
Didymoteicho, a Greek town
Dubbeldeks Materieel, a class of trains in the Netherlands
Dungeon Dice Monsters, a board game
Dungeons & Dragons Miniatures Game, collectible tactical skirmish game
Kyle James Brady (born January 14, 1972) is a former professional American football player. They played tight end for 13 seasons in the National Football League for the New York Jets, Jacksonville Jaguars and New England Patriots. They were the Jets' first round draft choice in the 1995 NFL Draft. They played college football at Penn State.
Early years
Brady attended Highland Elementary School, Lemoyne Middle School, and Cedar Cliff High School, all in the West Shore School District. While attending Cedar Cliff in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, Brady lettered in football, basketball, and baseball. In football, they were a first-team USA Today All-USA selection, a Parade Magazine All-America selection and, as a senior, was the Gatorade Pennsylvania Player of the Year, and the recipient of the Bobby Dodd Award (which is given to the nation's top offensive lineman) given by the Touchdown Club of Atlanta. In Brady's Junior season at Cedar Cliff they scored the lone touchdown in a 14-7 loss to Pittsburgh Central Catholic in the 1988 Pennsylvania State AAAA Championship game played at Penn State University.
College career
At Penn State, Brady was a two-time All-Big Ten selection, and a consensus All-America choice as a senior, catching 27 passes for 365 yards and 2 touchdowns. During their senior year in 1994, they helped their team to an undefeated record, a conference championship, and the school's first Rose Bowl victory. They were ranked seventh in the all-time reception list for the school. Brady finished their four seasons with 76 receptions for 940 yards and 9 touchdowns. They graduated with a degree in exercise and sports science in 1995.
Professional career
New York Jets
Brady was selected by the New York Jets in the first round (9th overall) of the 1995 NFL Draft, much to the chagrin of the Jets fans in attendance. The fans wanted the team to draft future Hall of Famer Warren Sapp and showed it by chanting "We want Sapp! We want Sapp!". After Brady was announced, Joe Theismann said "It just doesn't seem to make sense", speculating that Rich Kotite wanted two tight ends on the field. Jet fans booed Brady and their mother when they appeared on the stage. Although Brady became what NFL Films later described as a "solid player", fans did not forget the team not choosing Sapp.
Jacksonville Jaguars
Brady went on to sign with the Jacksonville Jaguars in 1999 and had their best year in the NFL with the Jaguars. In the 2000 season, they set career highs with 64 receptions and 729 receiving yards. They were the Jaguars' Man of the Year in 2003. Brady had a reputation with the Jags as a very durable player, having only missed nine games in their twelve seasons in the NFL, and was also known as an outstanding blocker.
New England Patriots
Their reputation as a durable blocker helped them to land a two-year contract on March 3, 2007 with the New England Patriots to replace departing free agent Daniel Graham at tight end. Bill Belichick had wanted to draft Brady in 1995 as head coach of the Cleveland Browns with the 10th pick. When Brady was selected, Belichick traded down to the 30th pick. One website went as far as to label Brady "Belichick's white whale."
Despite nagging injuries, Brady played in 14 games for the Patriots in 2007, catching nine passes for 70 yards and two touchdowns, culminating with Super Bowl XLII. They were released by New England on February 29, 2008, and retired shortly thereafter.
Broadcasting
Brady was a participant in the NFL Business Management and Entrepreneurial Program, a two-week program held at the top American business schools for NFL players preparing for careers after football. Brady attended the workshop at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in February and March 2008. In June 2009, Brady took part in the 2009 NFL/NFLPA "Broadcast Boot Camp," a program designed by the NFL Broadcasting Department and their broadcast partners to prepare players for possible post-playing careers in broadcasting.
Brady was an analyst for NFL Europe before being hired by the Big Ten Network as a football analyst for the 2009 season, where they were partnered with Rick Pizzo on the Big Ten Football Saturday: Pre-Game Show.
Law
Brady became a licensed financial advisor in 2009 before enrolling at the Florida Coastal School of Law in Jacksonville, Florida, in 2010. They graduated in May 2013, interned with Holland & Knight, and passed the bar later that year. They plan to use their combined financial and legal training to advise former NFL players on how to avoid financial pitfalls, along with real estate, securities law and estate planning.
Personal life
Brady and their wife Kristin have three children. They live in Atlantic Beach, Florida.
Brady's father John Brady was born in Chadwell Heath, Romford, Essex, UK. They played Minor League Baseball for two seasons.
Brady traced their Irish roots to Ballinagh co. Cavan, Turlough Co. Mayo and Tierneevin and Ballingarry Co. Galway.
Their grandfather, great grandfather and great great grandfather were members of the Royal Irish Constabulary
A 2004 Sports Illustrated article noted Brady is a U.S. Civil War buff.
In 2004 Brady earned their pilot's license.
On March 21, 2009, they threw out the first pitch at opening day ceremonies for the Green Cove Springs Athletic Association Little League Baseball. They served as honorary chairperson of the 2009 Big 33 Football Classic.
On June 24, 2014, they were selected as honorary chairperson for the Global Ireland Football Tournament
Notes and references
External links
New England Patriots bio
"Law & Order: Former Jaguar Kyle Brady ready for life after football", Gene Frenette, The Florida Times-Union, September 11, 2013.
1972 births
Living people
Players of American football from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
American football tight ends
Penn State Nittany Lions football players
New York Jets players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
New England Patriots players
Florida Coastal School of Law alumni
People from Atlantic Beach, Florida
Holland & Knight people
American people of Irish descent
People from Camp Hill, Pennsylvania
Robert Cox Merton (born July 31, 1944) is an American economist, Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences laureate, and professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management, known for their pioneering contributions to continuous-time finance, especially the first continuous-time option pricing model, the Black–Scholes–Merton model. In 1993 Merton co-founded hedge fund Long-Term Capital Management.
In 1997 Merton together with Myron Scholes were awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for the method to determine the value of derivatives.
Merton's current research focus is on the topics of lifecycle investing and retirement funding, measuring and monitoring systemic risks in macrofinance, and financial innovation coupled with changing dynamics in financial institutions.
Biography
Merton was born in New York City to a Jewish father sociologist Robert K. Merton and mother Suzanne Carhart, who was from a "multigenerational southern New Jersey Methodist/Quaker family." They grew up in Hastings-on-Hudson, NY. They earned a Bachelor of Science in Engineering Mathematics from the School of Engineering and Applied Science of Columbia University, a Masters of Science from the California Institute of Technology, and their doctorate in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1970 under the guidance of Paul Samuelson. They then joined the faculty of the MIT Sloan School of Management, where they taught until 1988. Subsequently, Merton moved to Harvard University, where they were George Fisher Baker Professor of Business Administration from 1988 to 1998. They were the John and Natty McArthur University Professor from 1998-2010. They rejoined the MIT Sloan School of Management in 2010 when they went Emeritus.
Career
Robert C. Merton is the School of Management Distinguished Professor of Finance at the MIT Sloan School of Management.  They are Resident Scientist at Dimensional Fund Advisors, where they developed a next-generation integrated pension-management solution system that addresses deficiencies associated with traditional defined-benefit and defined-contribution plans. Merton is University Professor Emeritus at Harvard University. They were the George Fisher Baker Professor of Business Administration (1988–98) and John and Natty McArthur University Professor (1998–2010) at the Harvard Business School. They previously served on the finance faculty of the Sloan School from 1970 until 1988. Merton received the Alfred Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1997 for a new methodology to value derivatives.  They are past President of the American Finance Association, a member of the National Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. They hold honorary degrees from eighteen universities.
Merton's research focuses on finance theory including lifecycle finance, optimal intertemporal portfolio selection, capital asset pricing, pricing of options, risky corporate debt, loan guarantees, and other complex derivative securities. They have also written on the operation and regulation of financial institutions. Merton's current academic interests include financial innovation and dynamics of institutional change, controlling the propagation of macro financial risk, and improving methods of measuring and managing sovereign risk.  They are the author of Continuous-Time Finance, and a co-author of Cases in Financial Engineering: Applied Studies of Financial Innovation and The Global Financial System: A Functional Perspective; Finance; and Financial Economics. Merton was a founding co-editor of the Annual Review of Financial Economics, serving from 2009 to 2021.
Merton has also been recognized for translating finance science into practice. They received the inaugural Financial Engineer of the Year Award from the International Association of Financial Engineers in 1993, which also elected them a senior fellow. Derivatives Strategy magazine named them to its Derivatives Hall of Fame as did Risk magazine to its Risk Hall of Fame. They also received Risk's Lifetime Achievement Award for contributions to the field of risk management. A distinguished fellow of the Institute for Quantitative Research in Finance ('Q Group') and a fellow of the Financial Management Association, Merton received the Nicholas Molodovsky Award from the CFA Institute.
Their first professional association with a hedge fund came in 1968. Their advisor at the time, Paul Samuelson, brought them on board Arbitrage Management Company (AMC), to join founder Michael Goodkin and chief executive Harry Markowitz. AMC is the first known attempt at computerized arbitrage trading. After a successful run as a private hedge fund, AMC was sold to Stuart & Co. in 1971. In 1993, Merton co-founded a hedge fund, Long-Term Capital Management, which earned high returns for four years but later lost $4.6 billion in 1998 and was bailed out by a consortium of banks and closed out in early 2000.
Personal life
Merton married June Rose in 1966. They separated in 1996. They have three children: two sons and one daughter.
Honours and awards
In 1986, Merton became a Fellow at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
In 1986, Merton was President of the American Finance Association.
In 1993, Merton became a member of the U.S. United States National Academy of Sciences.
In 1993, Merton was awarded the International INA - Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei Prize, National Academy of Lincei, Rome.
In 1993, Merton won the inaugural Financial Engineer of the Year Award by the International Association of Financial Engineers (since renamed International Association for Quantitative Finance).
In 1994, Merton became of Senior Fellow at the International Association of Financial Engineers.
In 1997, Merton became a Distinguished Fellow at the Institute for Quantitative Research in Finance ('Q Group').
In 1997, Merton was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with Myron Scholes for their work on stock options.
In 1998, Merton was awarded the Michael I. Pupin Medal for Service to the Nation from Columbia University.
In 1999, Merton was awarded a lifetime achievement award in mathematical finance.
In 2000, Merton became a FMA Fellow at the Financial Management Association.
In 2000, Merton became a Fellow at the Society of Fellows, American Finance Association.
In 2005 the Baker Library at Harvard University opened The Merton Exhibit in their honor.
In 2009, Merton was awarded the Robert A. Muh Award in the Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
In 2009, Merton was awarded the Tjalling C. Koopmans Asset Award from Tilburg University.
In 2010, Merton received the Kolmogorov medal from the University of London.
In 2010, Merton received the Hamilton Medal from the Royal Irish Academy.
In 2011, Merton received the CME Group Melamed-Arditti Innovation Award.
In 2013, Merton received the WFE Award for Excellence from the World Federation of Exchanges.
In 2014, Merton received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Financial Intermediation Research Society.
In 2017, Merton received the Finance Diamond Price from the Fundacion de Investigacion IMEF, Mexico.
Publications
Theory of rational option pricing (1973)
See also
List of economists
List of quantitative analysts
References
External links
Official Website
Page at the Harvard Business School
PBS, Nova – Trillion Dollar Bet (2000)
The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel 1997
Press Release: The Sveriges Riksbank (Bank of Sweden) Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel for 1997
Doctoral Dissertation
IDEAS/RePEc
Permanent exhibition of Nobel Medal and Diploma. Harvard Business School
Resident Scientist, Dimensional Fund Advisors
Pension solution Dimensional Managed DC
Robert A. Jarrow Speech in Honor of Robert C. Merton 1999 Mathematical Finance Day Lifetime Achievement Award. April 25, 1999
The Kolmogorov Lecture and Medal. November 13, 2009
Hamilton Medal
CME Group Fred Arditti Innovation Award
Robert Muh Award
1944 births
Living people
Nobel laureates in Economics
American Nobel laureates
Economists from New York (state)
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
California Institute of Technology alumni
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
Financial economists
Harvard University faculty
Jewish American social scientists
Long-Term Capital Management
MIT School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences alumni
MIT Sloan School of Management faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Jewish American economists
People from Hastings-on-Hudson, New York
Fellows of the Econometric Society
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
National Bureau of Economic Research
21st-century American economists
Nancy L. Schwartz Memorial Lecture speakers
Presidents of the American Finance Association
Annual Reviews (publisher) editors
Medialuna is a genus of sea chubs native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Medialuna ancietae Chirichigno F., 1987
Medialuna californiensis (Steindachner, 1876) (Halfmoon)
References
Kyphosidae
Ray-finned fish genera
Barley wine is a strong ale between 6–12% alcohol by volume.
History
The first beer to be marketed as barley wine was Bass No. 1 Ale, around 1870.
The Anchor Brewing Company introduced the style to the United States in 1976 with its Old Foghorn Barleywine Style Ale. Old Foghorn was styled as barleywine (one word) out of fear that occurrence of the word wine on a beer label would displease regulators. In 1983, Sierra Nevada Brewing released Bigfoot Barleywine, becoming the second barley wine label in the United States.
Characteristics
A barley wine typically reaches an alcohol strength of 6 to 12% by volume and is brewed from specific gravities as high as 1.120; equal to 320g/L of sugars. Use of the word wine is due to its alcoholic strength similar to a wine; but since it is made from grain rather than fruit, it is a beer. Breweries in the United States typically release it once a year during the autumn or winter.
There are two primary styles of barley wine: the American which tends to be hoppier and more bitter, with colours ranging from amber to light brown and the English style which tends to be less bitter and may have little hop flavour, with more variety in colour ranging from red-gold to opaque black. Until the introduction of an amber-coloured barley wine under the name Gold Label by the Sheffield brewery Tennant's in 1951 (later brewed by Whitbread), British barley wines were always dark in colour.
The beer writer Michael Jackson referred to a barley wine by Smithwick's thus: "This is very distinctive, with an earthy hoppiness, a wineyness, lots of fruit and toffee flavours." They also noted that its original gravity is 1.062.
Martyn Cornell was quoted as saying "no historically meaningful difference exists between barley wines and old ales". They later clarified, "I don't believe there is actually any such meaningful style as 'barley wine'".
Barley wines, such as Thomas Hardy's Ale, are sometimes labelled with a production date, as they are intended to be aged, sometimes extensively.
Taxes and legal impediments
Many jurisdictions have different taxing schemes for potables based upon alcohol content. Since barley wine has a high alcohol content, it is, in some jurisdictions, taxed at a higher rate than other beers. Thus, barley wines tend to suffer a further price premium compared with other beers. Similarly, many jurisdictions have different regulations regarding where beers and wines can be sold, leading to confusion regarding in which category barley wines fall and therefore limiting access.
Wheat wine
A variation on the barley wine style involves adding a large quantity of wheat to the mash bill, resulting in what is referred to as wheat wine. This style originated in the United States in the 1980s.
See also
List of barley-based beverages
References
External links
Beer styles
Beer in England
Barley-based drinks
Aleksei Alekseyevich Veselkin (; 21 November 1961 in Moscow) is a Russian actor and TV game show presenter and Honoured Artist of Russia. They were a visible personality on television and in society magazines during the 1980s and 1990s, making a popular comeback in 2006 as the host of Sdelka? (Сделка "Deal?"), the Russian version of the American gameshow Deal or No Deal. During 2012 they were also a radio host on Radio Mayak show of Sergei Stillavin, but they and co-presenter Victoria Kolosova were dismissed after government watchdog Roskomnadzor upheld complaints against a controversial article by the presenters on cystic fibrosis. Veselkin returned to their previous position as a staff actor at the Russian Academic Youth Theater.
Their son Aleksei Veselkin Jr (1990) is a well known teen actor: Veselkin Sr and Jr dubbed the voices of David Beckham and their son for the Russian version of Coca-Cola adverts.
Filmography
1976 - Field move
1983 - Romeo and Juliet
1984 - Faith. Hope. Love
1984 - It all begins with love
1984 - Two Hussars (ru) based on Tolstoy's story
1984 - Yegorka (ru)
1985 - Road to the sea
1986 - The right people (ru)
1987 - Riders
1988 - The Actress from Gribov (ru)
1988 - Diskzhokey
1988 - The Black Corridor
1991 - Armavir (ru)
1991 - A woman for all
2001 - Doctors
2002 - The joys and sorrows of Little Lord Fauntleroy
2002 - Looking down
2003 - Poor Nastya
2005 - Not Born Beautiful (ru)
2005 - Kulagin and Partners (ru)
2007 - Sacvoyage with a bright future
2010 - All for the best
2012 - All the Afflicted
References
1961 births
Living people
Russian male film actors
Honored Artists of the Russian Federation
Male actors from Moscow
20th-century Russian male actors
21st-century Russian male actors
Soviet male film actors
Soviet television presenters
Russian game show hosts
Russian television presenters
Russian radio personalities
Russian theatre directors
Petar Bergamo (Muć near Split, 27 February 1930 – Zagreb, 4 September 2022) was a Yugoslav composer.
Bergamo was born in Muć near Split, Croatia, then Kingdom of Yugoslavia. They graduated from the Belgrade Music Academy in 1960, where they studied composition with Stanojlo Rajičić and conducting with Živojin Zdravković. They also completed their post-graduate studies of composition at the same academy (1964) and was an assistant and assistant professor of composition and instrumentation from 1965 to 1972. Their students included Mirjana Sistek-Djordjevic. From 1973 to 1976 they were a music editor at Universal Edition in Vienna.
Bergamo
wrote two symphonies, works for chorus, children's songs, film scores, and
incidental music for radio. Their early music is in a late-Romantic style, while theirs
later works show increasing tendencies toward atonality and freedom from
traditional forms.
Bergamo's works for winds include: Concerto Abbreviato for clarinet solo, I colori d'argento for flute,
harpsichord and chamber ensemble (1967), Concerto per una voce for bassoon
(1975), Saxophone Concerto (1991–1993), and Domande senza ripostà for saxophone and piano (1996). They lived with their wife in Belgrade.
References
Blagojevic, Andrija. "Jeunesses Musicales International Competition in Belgrade, Serbia." The Clarinet, Vol. 39/4 (September 2012), pp. 78–84.
Biography at the website of Croatian Composers Society, Retrieved on April 17, 2016
Kompozicije Petra Bergama, Radio Belgrade 3, November 16, 2012
LP 22-2528 STEREO, Produkcija gramofonskih ploča Radio-televizije Beograd, Beograd
Odom, D. (2005): A Catalog of Compositions for Unaccompanied Clarinet Published Between 1978 and 1982 with an Annotated Bibliography of Selected Works, A treatise submitted to the College of Music, Florida State University
Peričić, V. [1969]: Muzički stvaraoci u Srbiji, Prosveta, Beograd
Petar Bergamo's works at IMDb, Retrieved on October 5, 2011
Petar Bergamo at Matica hrvatska, Retrieved on October 5, 2011
Simonović-Schiff, J.: Petar Bergamo's symphonic compositions: Perspectives of the 1960s and 1990s , Muzikologija 2004 Volume , Issue 4, Pp: 197-222
Serbian composers
University of Arts in Belgrade faculty
1930 births
2022 deaths
Musicians from Split, Croatia
Vladimir Nazor Award winners
University of Arts in Belgrade alumni
Serbs of Croatia
Yugoslav composers
20th-century Serbian people
The colonial history of Angola is usually considered running from the appearance of the Portuguese under Diogo Cão in 1482 (Congo) or 1484 (Angolan coast) until the independence of Angola in November 1975. Settlement did not begin until Novais's establishment of São Paulo de Loanda (Luanda) in 1575, however, and the Portuguese government only formally incorporated Angola as a colony in 1655 or on May 12, 1886.
16th century
Luanda was founded in 1576 with a hundred families of settlers and 400 soldiers. Benguela was founded as a fort in 1587.
17th century
Luanda was granted the status of city in 1605. In 1617, Benguela developed into a town. In 1618 the Portuguese built Fortaleza São Pedro da Barra fortress, followed by the Fortaleza de São Miguel fortress in 1634. Luanda was Portuguese Angola's administrative centre from 1627, with one exception.
During the Portuguese war of independence against the Spanish, the Dutch ruled Luanda from 1640 to 1648 as Fort Aardenburgh. The Portuguese sought to reassert their control over Angola after the Dutch occupation of the 1640s. Angola was a part of Portuguese West Africa from the annexation of several territories in the region as a colony in 1655 until its designation as an overseas province, effective October 20, 1951.
Brazil's influence in Angola grew substantially after 1650, with some observers comparing Angola's relationship with Brazil as a colony to its empire. Contact with Brazil resulted in the transfer of cassava from South America to Angola and the transformation of Angolan agriculture, increasing the diversity of the local diet and reducing the impact of drought on farmers' harvest.
In 1656, the Portuguese signed a treaty with Queen Nzinga of Ndongo, an adversary of the Portuguese who had been expelled from Kingdom in the 1620s by the Imbangala.
The Portuguese went to war with the Kingdom of the Kongo in 1660. António I succeeded their father, Garcia II, as the King of the Kongo in 1661. António led the Kongo against the Portuguese until their disastrous loss at the Battle of Mbwila on 29, 1665. the Portuguese suffered a disastrous defeat at the Battle of Kitombo when they tried to invade Kongo in 1670. António died at Mbwila and the Portuguese abolished their army. Kongo suffered from division and decline after António's death.
Their principal ally in the war against Queen Nzinga, defected when Portugal agreed to accept their claim as Queen of Ndongo in 1657. They revolted in 1670. Although the Portuguese managed to defeat them in a long siege of the capital, Mpungo Andongo, in 1671, it was a costly victory. Further interference in Matamba and the affairs of Matamba and Kasanje in the 1680s led to another defeat at the Battle of Katole in 1684. Following this affair, Portugal turned its attention away from war in the north either against Kongo or Ndongo.
In 1684, the bishop's seat was moved to São Paulo de Luanda, and São Salvador declined in importance, especially after its abandonment in 1678 as the civil war in that country intensified. Even after Pedro IV restored the city and repopulated it in 1709, the ecclesiastical center of gravity in Angola rested with the Portuguese colony.
Colony of Benguela
The attention of the Portuguese was, moreover, now turned more particularly to the southern districts of Angola. The colony of Benguela had been founded by Governor Manuel Cerveira Pereira in 1617. Initially, they had hoped to make it an aggressive military colony like Angola, but after an unsuccessful alliance with the local Imbangala, had had to abandon these plans. Their plans to further strengthen the colony by seizing rich copper mines reputed to be in Sumbe also came to naught. Other attempts to expand from Benguela, such as the lengthy campaign of Lopo Soares Lasso in 1629 failed to produce many slaves or conquests.
In the 1680s, following the failure of northern warfare, Portuguese governors tried again to make more war in the south. They embroiled themselves in the politics of the Ovimbundu Kingdoms that lay in the central highlands (Bihe Plateau) of Angola. These campaigns, especially ambitious ones in the 1770s, resulted in formal agreements of vassalage between some of the more important of the kingdoms, such as Viye and Mbailundu, but were never either large sources of slaves or real conquests from which resources or tribute could be drawn.
18th century
In the 18th century, Portuguese governors sought to limit what they considered illegal trade by merchants in their colony with rival European merchants who frequently visited the northern kingdoms of Kongo and Loango. To this end, they established a fort and settlement at Encoje (near Mbwila) to block travel through the mountainous gap that allowed merchants to cross to Kongo. In 1783-1784 they sought to occupy Cabinda on the north coast, but were driven away, and from 1789 to 1792 the Portuguese colonial government initiated a war against the Marquisate of Mussolo (the district immediately south of Ambriz in Kongo's territory) without much success. In 1791 they built a fort at Quincolo on the Loje, and worked the mines of Bembe.
At the same time, Portugal also sought to extend its relations into the interior, especially the lands beyond the Kwango River. Matamba and Kasanje had consistently blocked attempts by Portuguese merchants to penetrate into their lands, and in 1755-56, Manuel Correia Leitão, visited Kasanje and reported on the lands across the Kwanza. Among them was the powerful Lunda Empire whose armies had conquered much of the territory there. Lunda eventually entered into diplomatic relations with Portugal, sending an embassy there in the early nineteenth century and receiving counter embassies from Luanda.
The Portuguese from Benguela sought increasingly to expand their power and gain resource wealth in the Bihe Plateau during the eighteenth century, and following their intervention in the Mbailundu War in the 1770s had treaty relationships (which they described as vassalage) with the various states there. These arrangements included gathering Portuguese merchants in capital cities and making permanent presences in the capitals of these states. From these bases, Portugal sought to explore trade relations with Lunda that avoided the Kwango River states.
19th century
Portuguese possessed no fort or settlement on the coast to the north of Ambriz, which had been first occupied in 1855, until the "scramble for Africa" in 1884. Portuguese forces intervened in a civil war between 1855 and 1856, helping Pedro V Água Rosada come to the throne of Kongo. They left a fort at São Salvador, which they maintained until 1866. Pedro V reigned over thirty years. In 1888 a Portuguese resident was stationed at Salvador, when Pedro agreed to become a Portuguese vassal. They hoped to use the Portuguese to assist in their attempt to rebuild royal authority in other parts of Kongo.
Full Portuguese administrative control of the interior did not occur until the beginning of the 20th century, when resistance from a number of population groups was overcome. Chief among these was the uprising of the Kwanyama, led by their leader Mandume Ya Ndemufayo.
In 1884 Britain, which up to that time had steadily refused to acknowledge that Portugal possessed territorial rights north of Ambriz, concluded a treaty recognizing Portuguese sovereignty over both banks of the lower Congo, but the treaty, meeting with opposition in Britain and Germany, was not ratified. Agreements concluded with the Congo Free State, Germany and France in 1885-1886 (modified in details by subsequent arrangements) fixed the limits of the province, except in the south-east, where the frontier between Barotseland (Northern Rhodesia) and Angola was determined by an Anglo-Portuguese agreement of 1891 and the arbitration award of the king of Italy in 1905.
Up to the end of the 19th century the hold of Portugal over the interior of the province was slight, though its influence extended to the Congo and Zambezi basins. The abolition of the external slave trade proved very injurious to the trade of the seaports. From 1860 onward, the agricultural resources of the country were developed with increasing energy, a work in which Brazilian merchants took the lead. After the definite partition of Africa among the European powers, Portugal applied themselves with some seriousness to exploit Angola and their other African possessions. Nevertheless, in comparison with its natural wealth, the development of the country had been slow.
Slavery and the slave trade continued to flourish in the interior in the early years of the 20th century, despite the prohibitions of the Portuguese government. The extension of authority over the inland tribes proceeded very slowly and was not accomplished without occasional reverses. In September 1904 a Portuguese column lost over 300 men, including 114 Europeans, in an encounter with the Kunahamas on the Kunene, not far from the German frontier. The Kunahamas are a wild, raiding tribe and were probably largely influenced by the revolt of their southern neighbours, the Hereros, against the Germans. In 1905 and again in 1907, there was renewed fighting in the same region.
Until the early 19th century, Portugal's primary interest in Angola was slavery. The slaving system began early in the 16th century with the purchase from African chiefs of people to work on sugar plantations in São Tomé, Príncipe, and Brazil. The Imbangala and the Mbundu tribes, active slave hunters, were for centuries the main providers of slaves to the market of Luanda. Those slaves were bought by Brazilian traders and shipped to America, including the Portuguese colony of Brazil.
Whilst the economic development of the country was not entirely neglected and many useful food products were introduced, the prosperity of the province was very largely dependent on the slave trade with the Portuguese colony of Brazil, which was not legally abolished until 1830 after Brazil's independence from Portugal (1822) and in fact continued for many years subsequently. Many scholars agree that by the 19th century, Angola was the largest source of slaves not only for Brazil, but for the Americas, including the United States. By the end of the 19th century, a massive forced labour system had replaced slavery and would continue until outlawed in 1961. Portuguese colonial rule in the twentieth century was characterized by rigid dictatorship and exploitation of African labor.
It was this forced labor that provided the basis for development of a plantation economy and, by the mid-20th century, a major mining sector. Forced labour was employed by the Portuguese to construct three railways from the coast to the interior. The most important of these was the transcontinental Benguela railroad that linked the port of Lobito with the copper zones of the Belgian Congo and what is now Zambia.
The strong colonial economic development did not transform into social development for a large majority of native Angolans. The Portuguese regime encouraged white immigration, especially after 1950, which intensified racial antagonism; many new Portuguese settlers arrived after World War II.
Congo/Cabinda
Portuguese Congo (Cabinda) was established a Portuguese protectorate by the 1885 Treaty of Simulambuco. Sometime during the 1920s, it became incorporated into the larger colony (later the overseas province) of Portuguese Angola. The two colonies had initially been contiguous, but later became geographically separated by a narrow corridor of land, which Portugal ceded to Belgium allowing Belgian Congo access to the Atlantic Ocean. Following the decolonisation of Portuguese Angola with the 1975 Alvor Agreement, the short-lived Republic of Cabinda unilaterally declared its independence. However, Cabinda was soon overpowered and re-annexed by the newly proclaimed People's Republic of Angola and never achieved international recognition.
See also
Precolonial history of Angola
History of Angola
Slavery in Angola
1940s in Angola
1950s in Angola
References
.
Angola
.
.
.
.
Mottarone is a mountain in the Western Alps of Piedmont, north-western Italy, with an elevation of 1,492 m. It is located between the province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola and that of Novara.
Geography
The peak is in the communal territory of Stresa, between the Lake Orta and Lake Maggiore. The source of the Agogna river is located in the mountain.
The Mottarone area is known for the production of cheese, the most renowned of which is the Toma del Mottarone.
SOIUSA classification
According to the SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain can be classified in the following way:
main part = Western Alps
major sector = North Western Alps
section = Pennine Alps
subsection = Southern Valsesia Alps
supergroup = Alpi Cusiane
group = Massiccio del Mottarone
code = I/B-9.IV-B.4
Access to the summit
The peak of Mottarone can be reached by a 20-minute ride on the Stresa-Alpino-Mottarone Cable Car cableway from Carciano, a frazione of Stresa. This was built to replace a rack and pinion railroad from Stresa in 1963.
It overlooks the city of Verbania on Lake Maggiore; Monviso in the Maritime Alps, as well as Monte Rosa, can be seen on clear sky days.
It is possible to reach the peak of Mottarone by car. There are two roads: the first comes up from Armeno, west of the Mottarone summit near Lake Orta; the second, a private toll road, begins from Alpino, a frazione of Stresa on the eastern side of the summit.
On foot, it's possible to reach the summit using path L1 from Stresa (designated CAI Stresa), which passes near the railway station. The suggested time to the summit is 4:20 from the station.
2021 cable car accident
On 23 May 2021, a cabin of the Stresa–Alpino–Mottarone Cable Car which was carrying fifteen people fell into a wooded area of the mountainside near the summit, killing fourteen people and injuring another.
Winter sports
A ski resort with 21 km of downhill skiing slopes is located on Mottarone.
Skiing on Mottarone has a long tradition. Sci Club Mottarone was founded in 1909. In January 1935 the first giant slalom in ski racing history took place on the Mottarone. In 1940 the first ski lift opened called, Slittone. After World War II, the ski resort developed. Today there are 21 trails, something for every kind of skier. There are five ski lifts: Baby, Selva Spessa 1, Selva Spessa 2, La Rossa and Baita Omegna. In addition, there are two moving carpet lifts (tapis-roulants) for beginners. Unfortunately, another lift called Alpe Corti, was closed after 2011 at the end of its "technical life", following Italian law which allows certain lifts to be used only 30 years.
References
External links
Mottarone online website
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of Piedmont
Pennine Alps
One-thousanders of Italy
Lake Orta
Pogost () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 104 as of 2002. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Pogost is located 56 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pogorelovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Teratocephalidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Araeolaimida.
Genera:
Euteratocephalus Andrássy, 1958
Teratocephalus de Man, 1876
References
Nematodes
Gravina in Puglia is a railway station at Gravina in Puglia, a town in Apulia, southern Italy. Service is suspended from 2016. The station is located on the Rocchetta Sant'Antonio-Gioia del Colle railway. The train services was operated by Trenitalia.
Train services
The station was served by the following service(s):
Local services (Treno regionale) Gravina in Puglia - Altamura - Gioia del Colle - Taranto
Bus services
Foggia - Rocchetta Sant'Antonio - Spinazzola - Gravina in Puglia - Altamura - Gioia del Colle
References
This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at September 2014.
Railway stations in Apulia
Buildings and structures in the Province of Bari
The Claire Trevor School of the Arts (CTSA, Claire Trevor) is an academic unit at the University of California, Irvine, focused on the performing and visual arts. The four departments housed in the school are for art, dance, drama, and music. CTSA has undergraduate programs, masters programs, and a doctoral program in drama conducted jointly with UC San Diego.
Architecture and history
The school was named in honor of Academy Award-winning Hollywood actor Claire Trevor (1910–2000), a longtime resident of nearby Newport Beach and the stepmother of UCI benefactor Donald Bren. The school represents the largest contribution to the campus by architect William Pereira, who oversaw its construction in 1970. It features a distinctive "modular" design in which individual buildings are connected by an overhead network of pillar-supported canopies. In 2005, the school's landscape was redesigned by Maya Lin in a retro-futuristic style, featuring an outdoor theater, fountains, decorative LED lighting and landscaping with native grasses and wildflowers. In fall 2011, the new "green" Contemporary Arts Center opened in the heart of the school, a $42.35-million building equipped with studios and spaces for displaying, staging, and producing art. It serves as the new anchor for the art school complex.
Departments and faculty
Art department
Founded under the name Studio Art, the department renamed itself in 2012. It teaches a wide range of contemporary media, including drawing, electronic art and design, new genres, painting, performance, photography, sculpture, and video and digital filmmaking. The department has around 20 full-time faculty members and accepts about 10 graduate students each year into its three-year M.F.A. program.
Dance department
The UCI Dance department teaches ballet, modern dance, improvisation, and jazz performance and choreography, as well as courses in the history of dance, dance medicine and science, and the integration of dance with interactive technologies such as motion capture and telematics.
Drama department
Robert Cohen organized an undergraduate repertory company that took Oedipus Rex on the road to UC San Diego and UC Santa Cruz in the department's early years. Other early productions included The Assassination of Jean Paul Marat by the Marquis de Sade, "Little Mary Sunshine", Night of the Iguana and Midsummer Night's Dream. William Inge, author of such plays as Bus Stop, Picnic, and The Dark at the Top of the Stairs taught playwriting in the drama department in the 1970s. Jerzy Grotowski, acting theorist and founder of the Polish Laboratory Theater, joined the drama faculty in 1983, and conducted their Objective Drama project in the fields and barn south of the main campus. UCI graduate drama student James Slowiak was their chief assistant during the project years.
Music department
The Music department offers both a B.A. and a B.Mus at the undergraduate level, as well as a two-year M.F.A. degree program. Emphases at the Master's level include choral conducting,
collaborative piano, guitar/lute performance, instrumental and piano performance, and vocal arts. There is also a Ph.D. degree in Integrated Composition, Improvisation, and Technology (ICIT) and Musicology.
Notable alumni
Chris Burden, American sculptor and conceptual performance artist known for their self-mutilations, including Shoot, performed while a student, in which an assistant shot them in the arm
Barbara T. Smith, American artist known for their performance work in the late 1960s
Glenn Kaino, American conceptual artist based in Los Angeles
Allison Case, American actor known for their part in the "Tribe" in the Broadway revival of Hair, following their appearance in Keith Fowler's staging of Hair in the Claire Trevor Theater
caryn morse desai, MFA alumna director, artistic director of the International City Theater, Long Beach, California
Crista Flanagan, a regular on Mad TV, a recipient of an MFA degree from the Claire Trevor School
Bob Gunton, Drama Desk Award-winning actor on stage and screen
Jon Lovitz, American comedian and actor
Kevin Kwan Loucks, CEO of Chamber Music America; co-founder of Chamber Music OC; member of classical music ensemble Trio Céleste
Beth Malone, American Tony Award-nominated stage actor, a performer at the Public Theater, New York, and the Sundance Theater Lab in Utah
Amanda McRaven, MFA alumna director, Winner of Ovation award as "Best Director," 2014
Teresa K. Pond, MFA alumna director, artistic director of Cyrano Theater Company, Anchorage, Alaska
Andrew Samonsky, American actor known for their role as Lt. Cable in the 2008 Broadway revival of South Pacific
Brian Thompson, American actor, known for their work in action films and TV series
Teal Wicks, American stage actor, known for their role as Elphaba in the Broadway and touring productions of Wicked. Teal was Sheila in the 2003 version of Hair on the Claire Trevor stage.
References
Links
University of California, Irvine
Art schools in California
Drama schools in the United States
Dance schools in the United States
Music schools in California
Performing arts in California
Performing arts education in the United States
School buildings completed in 1970
Theatres completed in 1970
1970 establishments in California
William Pereira buildings
Modernist architecture in California
University subdivisions in California
Brutalist architecture in California
Lily Chan, a Chinese singer in Hong Kong. They were born and grew up in Guangzhou. Chan's musical talent was discovered by their choir teacher. By age 10, Chan started recording in the studio and has won numerous singing awards including Champion of the National Children's New Song Competition, the gold prize for solo song in the Guangzhhou Children's Art Flower Show etc.
By age 16, they gave performances on an international tour in Beijing, Hong Kong, Macau, and Malaysia. Since making their debut when they were just 19, they have already released ten albums, which were consistently ranked among the top 10 Hi-Fi albums of the year in Hong Kong. Them on-stage elegance and their sweet, mellow voice earned them the nickname Queen of Hi-Fi.
Discography
Purely (CD) – 2012
Yan Lei (CD) – 2011
Lily Sings Teresa Live in Hong Kong (CD) – 2010
Passion 2009 Live (CD) - 2010
Nong Qing (CD) – 2009
Lily Chan Hong Kong Concert Live 2007 (CD/VCD/DVD) – 2008
The Sky And The Earth (CD) – 2007
Lily Come Face To Face With Chris (CD) – 2006
Sweet Words (CD) – 2005
1.825m (CD) – 2005
The Beautiful Shade Of Flowers (CD) – 2004
Song Of Love (CD) – 2004
Each In A Different Corner Of The World - 2003
Xin Qu (CD) - 2002
Concert
Passion – 2009
Lily Chan Hong Kong Concert Live - 2007
References
Cantopop singers
1983 births
Living people
People from Foshan
Singers from Guangdong
21st-century Chinese women singers
The Donald and Helen Olsen House, in Berkeley, California, was built in 1954.
It is a Modernist, International-style house designed by architect Donald Olsen. Olsen is a native of Minnesota who studied under Walter Gropius at Harvard and established an architecture practice in Berkeley in 1953.
The house is situated on a slope in the North Berkeley Hills near John Hinkel Park. The structure's main floor was built above ground level to maximize the site's views of San Francisco Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. However, the view has been obscured over the years by the growth of mature trees on the property. The National Park Service described the house's style as follows: "The house's design is specifically the International style popularized in Europe by architects Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Walter Gropius, and Le Corbusier. The Olsen House displays the geometries, ethos, strict formalism and rigor that embody this utopian style." The house also includes a mural by artist Claire Falkenstein.
The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on October 1, 2010. The listing was announced as the featured listing in the National Park Service's weekly list of October 8, 2010. In its write-up, the Park Service called Olsen "an important mid-20th-century Bay Area architect."
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Houses in Alameda County, California
National Register of Historic Places in Berkeley, California
Hemibagrus baramensis is a species of bagrid catfish found in northern Borneo. This species reaches a length of .
References
Ng, P.K.L. and H.N. Ng, 1995. Hemibagrus gracilis, a new species of large riverine catfish (Teleostei: Bagridae) from Peninsular Malaysia. Raffles Bull. Zool. 43(1):133-142.
Bagridae
Taxa named by Charles Tate Regan
Fish described in 1906
Rina Thieleke (born 13 November 1987) is a German former competitive ice dancer. With partner Sascha Rabe, they placed 12th at the 2005 World Junior Championships and won the silver medal at the 2005 SBC Trophy. Earlier in their career, they competed with Paul Boll.
Programs
with Sascha Rabe
Results
with Sascha Rabe
References
External links
German female ice dancers
1987 births
Living people
Figure skaters from Berlin
Kışlak, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The 1915 Hong Kong Sanitary Board election was held on 22 January 1915 for the two unofficial seats in the Sanitary Board of Hong Kong.
Overview
Only ratepayers who were included in the Special and Common Jury Lists of the years or ratepayers who are exempted from serving on Juries on account of their professional avocations, unofficial members of the Executive or Legislative Council, or categories of profession were entitled to vote at the election.
The election took place from 4 to 6 p.m. on 22 January in the Registry of the Supreme Court. Out of 1200 eligible voters on the jurors list and 300 exemptions, only 430 voters polled.
Three candidates ran for two seats with two long serving Board members F. B. L. Bowley and G. H. L. Fitzwilliams and also P. W. Goldring who was elected in the 1914 by-election, filling Bowley's vacant seat. Bowley was nominated by David Landale and seconded by Henry Pollock, Fitzwilliams by Henry Pollock and H. W. Looker and Goldring by E. J. Grist and H. S. Playfair.
Fitzwilliams and Goldring were elected and 806 votes out of 1,325 electorates were cast.
References
Endacott, G. B. Government and people in Hong Kong, 1841-1962 : a constitutional history Hong Kong University Press. (1964)
The Hong Kong Government Gazette
Hong Kong
1915 in Hong Kong
Sanitary
January 1915 events
1915 elections in the British Empire
Zac Tubbs (born May 14, 1984) is a former Division I athlete who earned athletic honors on the high school, collegiate, and professional level. They were named to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette's All-Arkansas SEC Third Team on August 6, 2017.
High school career
Tubbs attended Cullman High School in their hometown of Cullman, Alabama. Known for being tremendously strong in the weight room, they garnered nearly every recognition available in their high school career. Named a Gridiron great All American and Max Emfinger four-star recruit as a senior, Tubbs was selected to The Birmingham News Super All-State Team, the Alabama Sports Writers Association Super 12 Team, and the Mobile Press-Register Elite 18 Team. The Birmingham News and Alabama Sports Writers Association both tabbed them a first-team Class 5A All-State selection. Tubbs started at left tackle in the Alabama vs. Mississippi All-Star Game Classic. Scout.com listed Tubbs as the No.1 offensive lineman in Alabama while 247 Sports composite rankings listed them as the No.1 OT. Tubbs signed a full scholarship to the University of Arkansas after being recruited by Georgia, Michigan, Notre Dame, Stanford, Alabama, and the Naval Academy. PrepStar on Tubbs: "Tubbs is a gamer.  They are very coachable and they learn quick. Zac had 107 pancake blocks and graded out at 93% their senior year. A tremendous pass blocker, Tubbs hasn't allowed a sack their entire high school career."
College career
Tubbs was a four-year letterman and team captain for the University of Arkansas football team. They earned their first career start as a true first-year student against Louisiana Lafayette and was only one of two true freshmen to see playing time in the SEC Championship Game against Georgia. As a sophomore, they were named to the College Football News first-team All-Bowl Team after the Hogs beat Missouri in the 2003 Independence Bowl. They started the first five games of their junior season at right tackle and was playing at an All-SEC pace before suffering a severe, season-ending injury. Tubbs was tabbed a preseason second-team All-SEC selection in 2005 and 2006, and was named to the Lon Farrell Academic Honor Roll.
Tubbs earned several first-team All-SEC honors as a senior and CFN placed them on its Top 20 Offensive Tackles list. Newsday Sports sportswriter Alex Abramson selected Tubbs to their second-team National Senior Offense team. They were extended an invitation to play in the Hula Bowl, a post-season All-Star Game, and was the recipient of the Nelson Rainey Award which was given for character and leadership.
The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette placed Tubbs on its All-Arkansas SEC Third Team in 2017. The team was composed of Arkansas' best football players since joining the Southeastern Conference. They were also named to HawgBeat.com's "Most underrated Razorbacks in the Rivals.com era" list.
Professional career
Heading into the 2007 NFL Draft, Tubbs was described as being a "strong run-blocking lineman who plays with a nasty attitude", and was ranked in the Top 200 draft eligible prospects in the country (#193). They signed a free agent contract with the Buffalo Bills following the 2007 NFL Draft. Following their release from Buffalo, they signed with Team Arkansas in the newly formed All-American Football League. Tubbs spent 2009 and 2010 with the Sioux Falls Storm of the Indoor Football League, where they posted 128 knockdown blocks and earned second-team All-IFL honors in 2010. They signed with the Allen Wranglers of the Indoor Football League in 2012 but retired before the season.
Athletic pedigree
Tubbs' father, Kerry, was a Class 2A All-State basketball player and collegiate All-American who held the Cullman County basketball scoring title for over thirty years. Their grandfather, Murry "Stubby" Trimble, was a one-armed All-Southwestern Conference guard at Texas A&M who helped the Aggies claim the SWC Championship in 1956 under Bear Bryant. Their great uncle, Wayne Trimble, won two National Championships at the University of Alabama under Bear Bryant and was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the fourth round of the 1967 NFL Draft.
Hall of Fame
Tubbs was inducted into the Minor League Football Hall of Fame in 2013 and the Cullman High School Student-Athlete Hall of Fame in 2017.
References
1984 births
Living people
People from Cullman, Alabama
Players of American football from Alabama
American football offensive tackles
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
Buffalo Bills players
Sioux Falls Storm players
The Oulu Bus Station () is a bus station in the city center of Oulu, Finland, located in the Vaara district near the Raksila district. From the bus station there is a pedestrian connection via the railway underpass tunnel to Oulu railway station and the station pier. There is no longer a ticket office and the Matkahuolto service in the station building, but there is still a café in the building.
The bus station was originally built in Torinranta on the site of the current Autoranta parking area in 1937. The Oulu City Council decided to build a new station as early as 1963, but the new existing bus station was only opened in November 1983. Today, the bus station has received a lot of criticism for its old and dilapidated due to its condition, which is no longer subject to renovation.
Next to the bus station building is Martti Aiha's sculpture Futura – Tuntematon.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Oulu
Bus stations in Finland
Transport in Oulu
Yellow Moon is an album by the Neville Brothers, released in 1989. The track "Healing Chant" won best pop instrumental performance at the 32nd (1989) Grammy Awards.
The album peaked at No. 66 on the Billboard 200.
Production
Yellow Moon was produced by Daniel Lanois. It was recorded in New Orleans, in a vacated apartment.
Critical reception
Robert Christgau wrote: "Whether isolating rhythm-makers, adding electronic atmosphere, or recontextualizing 'natural'-seeming instrumental effects ... Lanois isn't afraid to go for drama, and while drama does have a way of palling eventually, the songs are worth the risk." Spin thought that "instead of running from the bayou backbeat ... the Nevilles let the funky rhythms flow where they may." USA Today opined that "cynics will say that Lanois has thrown out the baby with the bathwater, but that ignores the fact that 'My Blood' and 'Wild Injun' rock with subtlety, and that Yellow Moon is an adventurous stretch for a band that can boogie in its sleep."
Track listing
"My Blood" (Daryl Johnson, Cyril Neville, Willie Green, Charles Moore) – 4:11
"Yellow Moon" (Aaron Neville) – 4:04
"Fire and Brimstone" (Link Wray) – 3:57
"A Change Is Gonna Come" (Sam Cooke) – 3:43
"Sister Rosa" (Daryl Johnson, Cyril Neville, Charles Moore) – 3:29
"With God on Our Side" (Bob Dylan) – 6:37
"Wake Up" (Cyril Neville, Brian Stoltz, Willie Green) – 3:21
"Voodoo" (Aaron Neville, Daryl Johnson, Cyril Neville, Brian Stoltz, Willie Green) – 4:26
"The Ballad of Hollis Brown" (Bob Dylan) – 5:45
"Will the Circle Be Unbroken" (A. P. Carter) – 5:16
"Healing Chant" (Aaron Neville, Tony Hall, Cyril Neville, Brian Stoltz, Willie Green) – 4:34
"Wild Injuns" (Aaron Neville, Tony Hall, Cyril Neville, Brian Stoltz, Willie Green) – 3:17
Personnel
Aaron Neville – vocals, keyboards, percussion
Art Neville – vocals, keyboards
Charles Neville – saxophones, percussion, backing vocals
Cyril Neville – vocals, hand drums, percussion
Brian Stoltz – guitar
Tony Hall – bass, percussion, backing vocals
Willie Green – drums
Brian Eno – keyboards, sound effects, vocals on "A Change Is Gonna Come"
Daniel Lanois – guitar, keyboards, backing vocals
Malcolm Burn – keyboards, guitar
The Dirty Dozen Brass Band – horns
Eric Kolb – keyboard programming
Kenyatta Simon and Kufaru Mouton – percussion on "My Blood"
Aashid Himmons and Terry Manual – keyboards on "Sister Rosa"
Notes
1989 albums
Soul albums by American artists
The Neville Brothers albums
Albums produced by Daniel Lanois
A&M Records albums
Covers albums
A lens antenna is a microwave antenna that uses a shaped piece of microwave-transparent material to bend and focus the radio waves by refraction, as an optical lens does for light. Typically it consists of a small feed antenna such as a patch antenna or horn antenna which radiates radio waves, with a piece of dielectric or composite material in front which functions as a converging lens to collimate the radio waves into a beam. Conversely, in a receiving antenna the lens focuses the incoming radio waves onto the feed antenna, which converts them to electric currents which are delivered to a radio receiver. They can also be fed by an array of feed antennas, called a focal plane array (FPA), to create more complicated radiation patterns.
To generate narrow beams, the lens must be much larger than the wavelength of the radio waves, so lens antennas are mainly used at the high frequency end of the radio spectrum, with microwaves and millimeter waves, whose small wavelengths allow the antenna to be a manageable size. The lens can be made of a dielectric material like plastic, or a composite structure of metal plates or waveguides. Its principle of operation is the same as an optical lens: the microwaves have a different speed (phase velocity) within the lens material than in air, so that the varying lens thickness delays the microwaves passing through it by different amounts, changing the shape of the wavefront and the direction of the waves. Lens antennas can be classified into two types: delay lens antennas in which the microwaves travel slower in the lens material than in air, and fast lens antennas in which the microwaves travel faster in the lens material. As with optical lenses, geometric optics are used to design lens antennas, and the different shapes of lenses used in ordinary optics have analogues in microwave lenses.
Lens antennas have similarities to parabolic antennas and are used in similar applications. In both, microwaves emitted by a small feed antenna are shaped by a large optical surface into the desired final beam shape. They are used less than parabolic antennas due to chromatic aberration and absorption of microwave power by the lens material, their greater weight and bulk, and difficult fabrication and mounting. They are used as collimating elements in high gain microwave systems, such as satellite antennas, radio telescopes, and millimeter wave radar and are mounted in the apertures of horn antennas to increase gain.
Types
Microwave lenses can be classified into two types by the propagation speed of the radio waves in the lens material:
Delay lens (slow wave lens): in this type the radio waves travel slower in the lens medium than in free space; the index of refraction is greater than one, so the path length is increased by passing through the lens medium. This is similar to the action of an ordinary optical lens on light. Since thicker parts of the lens increase the path length, a convex lens is a converging lens which focuses radio waves, and a concave lens is a diverging lens which disperses radio waves, as in ordinary lenses. Delay lenses are constructed of
Dielectric materials
H-plane plate structures
Fast lens (fast wave lens): in this type the radio waves travel faster in the lens medium than in free space, so the index of refraction is less than one, so the optical path length is decreased by passing through the lens medium. This type has no analog in ordinary optical materials, it occurs because the phase velocity of radio waves in waveguides can be greater than the speed of light. Since thicker parts of the lens decrease path length, a concave lens is a converging lens which focuses radio waves, and a convex lens is a diverging lens, the opposite of ordinary optical lenses. Fast lenses are constructed of
E-plane plate structures
Negative-index metamaterials
The main types of lens construction are:
Natural dielectric lens - A lens made of a piece of dielectric material. Due to the longer wavelength, microwave lenses have much larger surface shape tolerances than optical lenses. Soft thermoplastics such as polystyrene, polyethylene, and plexiglass are often used, which can be molded or turned to the required shape. Most dielectric materials have significant attenuation and dispersion at microwave frequencies.
Artificial dielectric lens - This simulates the properties of a dielectric at microwave wavelengths by a 3 dimensional array of small metal conductors, such as spheres, strips, discs or rings suspended in a nonconducting support medium
Constrained lens - a lens composed of metal leaves, ducts or other structures that control the direction of the microwaves. They are used with linearly polarized microwaves.
E-plane metal plate lens - a lens made of closely spaced metal plates parallel to the plane of the electric or E field. This is a fast lens.
H-plane metal plate lens - a lens made of closely spaced metal plates parallel to the plane of the magnetic or H field. This is a delay lens.
Waveguide lens - A lens made of short sections of waveguide of different lengths
Fresnel zone lens - A flat Fresnel zone plate, consisting of concentric annular sheet metal rings blocking out alternate Fresnel zones. It can be easily fabricated with copper foil shapes on a printed circuit board. This lens works by diffraction, not refraction. The microwaves passing through the spaces between the plates interfere constructively at the focal plane. It has large chromatic aberration and so is frequency-specific.
Luneburg lens - A spherical dielectric lens with a stepped or graded index of refraction increasing toward the center. Luneburg lens antennas have several unique features: the focal point, and the feed antenna, is located at the surface of the lens, so it focuses all the radiation from the feed over a wide angle. It can be used with multiple feed antennas to create multiple beams.
Zoned lens - Microwave lenses, especially short wavelength designs, tend to be excessively thick. This increases weight, bulk, and power losses in dielectric lenses. To reduce thickness, lenses are often made with a zoned geometry, similar to a Fresnel lens. The lens is cut down to a uniform thickness in concentric annular (circular) steps, keeping the same surface angle. To keep the microwaves passing through different steps in phase, the height difference between steps must be an integral multiple of a wavelength. For this reason a zoned lens must be made for a specific frequency
History
The first experiments using lenses to refract and focus radio waves occurred during the earliest research on radio waves in the 1890s. In 1873 mathematical physicist James Clerk Maxwell in their electromagnetic theory, now called Maxwell's equations, predicted the existence of electromagnetic waves and proposed that light consisted of electromagnetic waves of very short wavelength. In 1887 Heinrich Hertz discovered radio waves, electromagnetic waves of longer wavelength. Early scientists thought of radio waves as a form of "invisible light". To test Maxwell's theory that light was electromagnetic waves, these researchers concentrated on duplicating classic optics experiments with short wavelength radio waves, diffracting them with wire diffraction gratings and refracting them with dielectric prisms and lenses of paraffin, pitch and sulfur. Hertz first demonstrated refraction of 450 MHz (66 cm) radio waves in 1887 using a 6 foot prism of pitch. These experiments among others confirmed that light and radio waves both consisted of the electromagnetic waves predicted by Maxwell, differing only in frequency.
The possibility of concentrating radio waves by focusing them into a beam like light waves interested many researchers of the time. In 1889 Oliver Lodge and James L. Howard attempted to refract 300 MHz (1 meter) waves with cylindrical lenses made of pitch, but failed to find a focusing effect because the apparatus was smaller than the wavelength. In 1894 Lodge successfully focused 4 GHz (7.5 cm) microwaves with a 23 cm glass lens. Beginning the same year, Indian physicist Jagadish Chandra Bose in their landmark 6 - 60 GHz (25 to 5 mm) microwave experiments may have been the first to construct lens antennas, using a 2.5 cm cylindrical sulfur lens in a waveguide to collimate the microwave beam from their spark oscillator, and patenting a receiving antenna consisting of a glass lens focusing microwaves on a galena crystal detector. Also in 1894 Augusto Righi in their microwave experiments at University of Bologna focused 12 GHz (3 cm) waves with 32 cm lenses of paraffin and sulfur. However, microwaves were limited to line-of-sight propagation and could not travel beyond the horizon, and the low power microwave spark transmitters used had very short range. So the practical development of radio after 1897 used much lower frequencies, for which lens antennas were not suitable.
The development of modern lens antennas occurred during a great expansion of research into microwave technology around World War 2 to develop military radar. In 1946 R. K. Luneberg invented the Luneberg lens.
References
Radio frequency antenna types
Antennas (radio)
The 2009–10 Nicaraguan Professional Baseball League season finished with the Leones del León winning the competition.
Standings
Final Series
Leones del León - Orientales de Granada 4-1 wins
Nicaraguan Professional Baseball League
Nicaraguan Professional Baseball League
Nicaraguan Professional Baseball League
B
B
Tyler Gerald Burrell (born August 22, 1967) is an American actor and comedian. Burrell is best known for their role as Phil Dunphy on the ABC sitcom Modern Family, for which they won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series in 2011 and 2014 (from eight consecutive nominations) and five Screen Actors Guild Awards: one for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series in 2013 and four consecutive awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series, shared with the cast from 2011 to 2014.
Burrell has had several roles in Broadway shows such as Macbeth and off-Broadway plays such as Burn This. They also had starring roles on the television series Out of Practice and Back to You. They have appeared in films such as Evolution, Black Hawk Down, Dawn of the Dead, Muppets Most Wanted, and as Doc Samson in The Incredible Hulk. They have also voiced characters in the animated films Mr. Peabody & Sherman, Finding Dory, and Storks.
Early life
Tyler Gerald Burrell was born in Grants Pass, Oregon, on August 22, 1967, the son of teacher Sheri Rose (née Hauck) and family therapist Gary Gerald Burrell (1940–1989). They have a younger brother, Duncan.  They are mostly of English and German descent, though they discovered via Finding Your Roots that they are also of African descent through their four times great-grandmother, a formerly enslaved girl from Tennessee who became a homesteader in Oregon. They grew up in Applegate, Oregon, near the California border. They attended Hidden Valley High School in Grants Pass, where they played football and was a lineman for the Hidden Valley Mustangs.
While attending college at the University of Oregon, Burrell became a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity and worked as a bartender at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival. They later attended Southern Oregon University in Ashland, graduating with a bachelor's degree in theatre arts in 1993. (Many years later, in 2008, they were the school's commencement speaker.)
Continuing their education at Penn State University, they earned an MFA and was a member of the Theatre 100 Company along with Keegan-Michael Key. In 1999, Burrell worked as a festival actor at the Utah Shakespeare Festival. They have also stated that for a period of time in graduate school, they lived out of their van to save money.
Career
Burrell's first credited film roles were 2001's Evolution and Black Hawk Down. They subsequently appeared in the 2004 remake of Dawn of the Dead, and in several stage roles (like 2000's Broadway production of Macbeth, and the off-Broadway plays Corners, The Blue Demon, Burn This, and Show People).
They were a co writer and actor in the original production of the offbeat comedy The Red Herring O' Happiness directed by Russell Dyball. Burrell's stage work also includes writing and working in the off Broadway play Babble with their brother, Duncan. They have also made an appearance as a New Jersey prosecutor in Law & Order: Special Victims Unit.
After that, Burrell was cast as Oliver Barnes, a shallow but well meaning plastic surgeon, on the CBS sitcom Out of Practice (2005–06), also created by screenwriter Christopher Lloyd. The show was canceled in May 2006, with eight episodes remaining unaired in the United States. After the show's cancellation, they played Allan Arbus in the film Fur: An Imaginary Portrait of Diane Arbus. In the same year, they also appeared in Friends with Money and The Darwin Awards.
In 2007, they had a small role in the film National Treasure: Book of Secrets as the curator of the White House followed by a starring role in the sitcom Back to You on Fox later that same year. On the show, created by Steven Levitan and Christopher Lloyd, Burrell played a field reporter (alongside Kelsey Grammer and Patricia Heaton). The show was canceled in 2008.
In the 2008 Marvel film adaptation of the comic The Incredible Hulk Burrell played Leonard Samson (without superpowers) who had a short relationship with Betty Ross.
They had a large role as realtor Phil Dunphy in the acclaimed ABC situation comedy Modern Family which is also created by Christopher Lloyd and Steve Levitan. For their performance, they received eight consecutive Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series (2010–2017), winning the award twice in 2011 and 2014.
They also received nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series for their role, sharing the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series with their co stars. They were the recipient of the individual SAG award in 2014, defeating Alec Baldwin, who had previously won the award seven years in a row.
Burrell also appears as Phil in commercials for National Association of Realtors.
In November 2014, Burrell signed an overall deal with 20th Century Fox Television to develop their own comedy projects. In July 2020, their overall deal with 20th Century Fox continued with the establishment of their own production company, Desert Whale Productions.
Their web series Boondoggle, loosely based on Burrell's own life, debuted in June 2016 on ABC.com and ABCd. They were nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Actor in a Short Form Comedy or Drama Series in July 2017.
Other ventures
Burrell owns The Eating Establishment, a restaurant in Park City, Utah, as well as two bars in Salt Lake City called Bar X and Beer Bar, located next to each other with interconnecting doors.
When the COVID-19 pandemic shut down Salt Lake City's bars and restaurants in March 2020, Burrell and their wife used $100,000 of their own money to create Tip Your Server, a crowd-sourced online fund to help out-of-work wait staff in Utah, where they had previously kept their main residence.
Personal life
Burrell married their girlfriend Holly on August 18, 2000. They resided in New York City until moving to Salt Lake City in 2008. They still own a two-bedroom apartment in New York's Astoria neighborhood, which they rent out. At one point, they relocated to Southern California for Burrell's work on Modern Family. In March 2010, Burrell said that they had adopted a baby girl and another girl two years later.
Burrell is a self-described lifelong fan of the Oregon Ducks, Portland Trail Blazers, New York Mets, and St. Louis Rams (now known as the Los Angeles Rams after their relocation to California).
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1967 births
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male voice actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American people of English descent
American people of German descent
American people of African descent
Living people
Male actors from Grants Pass, Oregon
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series Screen Actors Guild Award winners
Outstanding Performance by a Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series Primetime Emmy Award winners
Penn State College of Arts and Architecture alumni
People from Ashland, Oregon
Southern Oregon University alumni
University of Oregon alumni
Wolfgang Petersen (14 March 1941 – 12 August 2022) was a German film director, producer, and screenwriter. They were nominated for two Academy Awards for the World War II submarine warfare film Das Boot (1981). Their other films include The NeverEnding Story (1984), Enemy Mine (1985), In the Line of Fire (1993), Outbreak (1995), Air Force One (1997), The Perfect Storm (2000), Troy (2004), and Poseidon (2006).
Early life
Petersen was born on 14 March 1941 in Emden, the son of a naval officer. From 1953 to 1960, Petersen attended the Gelehrtenschule des Johanneums in Hamburg.
They made their first films with an 8 mm camera while still at school. In the 1960s they were directing plays at Hamburg's Ernst Deutsch Theater. After studying theater in Berlin and Hamburg, Petersen attended the Film and Television Academy in Berlin (1966–1970).
Career
Petersen's first productions were for German television, and it was during their work on the popular German Tatort (Crime Scene) TV series that they first met and worked with the actor Jürgen Prochnow — who would later appear as the U-boat captain in Petersen's famous Das Boot. The most famous of their Tatort episodes is Reifezeugnis (Maturity Certificate) from 1977 with the young Nastassja Kinski. They shot 6 Tatort episodes.
Petersen made their first theatrical feature film in 1974, the psychological thriller One or the Other of Us, based on the novel Einer von uns beiden by Horst Bosetzky and published anonymously under their pseudonym and starring Jürgen Prochnow. They next directed the 1977 film Die Konsequenz, a black/white adaptation of Alexander Ziegler's autobiographical novel of homosexual love. In its time, the film was considered so radical that when first broadcast in Germany, the Bavarian network Bayerischer Rundfunk turned off the transmitters rather than broadcast it.
Their next feature was the World War II epic Das Boot, released in early 1982. The film chronicles the experiences of a German submarine crew engaged in the "Battle of the Atlantic". Though not an immediate financial success, the film received highly positive reviews and was nominated for six Academy Awards, two of which (for Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay) went to Petersen; they were also nominated for a BAFTA Award and DGA Award. The film starred Jürgen Prochnow as the U-boat Captain, who became a good example of Petersen's action characters, a man at war who confronts danger and fate at sea.
After The NeverEnding Story (1984), Petersen's first English-language film, they directed Enemy Mine (1985), which was not a critical or box office success. They hit their stride in 1993 with the assassination thriller In the Line of Fire. Starring Clint Eastwood as an angst-ridden presidential Secret Service guard, In the Line of Fire gave Petersen the box office clout they needed to direct another suspense thriller, Outbreak (1995), starring Dustin Hoffman. The 1997 Petersen blockbuster Air Force One did very well at the box office, with generally positive critical reviews from movie critics. For both Air Force One and Outbreak, Petersen teamed up with the German cinematographer Michael Ballhaus, who has also worked frequently with director Martin Scorsese.
By 1998, Petersen was an established Hollywood director, with the power to both re-release their classic Das Boot in a new director's cut and to helm star-studded action-thrillers. As such, they were originally considered directing the first movie in the Harry Potter film series, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Petersen pulled out of the running in March 2000.
In the 2000s, Petersen continued to direct two summer blockbusters, the films The Perfect Storm (2000) and Troy (2004). The success of the former helped their Radiant Productions company to sign a deal with Warner Bros.
Petersen's $160 million epic film Poseidon, a re-telling of the 1969 Paul Gallico novel The Poseidon Adventure (previously adapted for the 1972 disaster film), was released by Warner Bros. in May 2006. The film performed poorly in the U.S., barely exceeding $60 million in domestic box office receipts by early August, but international sales surpassed $121 million.
Although hired to direct the film adaptation of Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card that was scheduled for release in 2008, they later "moved on" from the project. Their potential projects included a live-action adaptation of the 2006 anime film Paprika and a film adaptation of the science fiction novel Old Man's War.
After a ten-year hiatus, Petersen returned in 2016 as director of the heist comedy Vier gegen die Bank, their first German-language film since Das Boot in 1981.
Personal life
Petersen's first marriage was with actor ; they had a son. In 1978, they married their assistant Maria Borgel. Petersen moved to Los Angeles in 1986 and subsequently acquired American citizenship.
Death
Petersen died of pancreatic cancer on 12 August 2022, at the age of 81, at their home in Brentwood, Los Angeles, United States.
Filmography
Source:
Film
Television
TV movies
TV series
Critical reception
References
External links
1941 births
2022 deaths
People from Emden
People from the Province of Hanover
Mass media people from Lower Saxony
German Film Award winners
German film directors
German television directors
German film producers
German expatriates in the United States
People educated at the Gelehrtenschule des Johanneums
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Deaths from cancer in California
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Hoffmanobolidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Spirobolida.
Genera:
Hoffmanobolus Shelley, 2001
References
Spirobolida
FC SKA-Orbita Lviv was a Ukrainian football club from Lviv, Lviv Oblast.
The club was created in 2000 by a former Soviet and later Ukrainian football functionary Anatoliy Tyshchenko at that time when there were discussions for the merger of FC Lviv with FC Karpaty Lviv. Initially the club was based in Boryslav and was called FC Naftovyk Boryslav.
On 18 January 2002 Tyshchenko participated in a conference of professional football clubs in Lviv which discussed a possibility of cooperation.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
References
SKA-Orbita Lviv, FC
Football clubs in Lviv
Association football clubs established in 2000
Association football clubs disestablished in 2002
2000 establishments in Ukraine
2002 disestablishments in Ukraine
The nineteenth election to Cardiganshire County Council took place in April 1952. It was preceded by the 1949 election and followed by the 1955 election.
Candidates
40 candidates were returned unopposed resulting in only ten contests. This was five fewer than in 1949 with more unopposed returns than at any election since the council was established in 1888.
Eight aldermen retired, of whom four sought election.
Outcome
Of the ten contests, the striking result was the defeat of the chairperson-elect, Morgan Jones at Strata Florida. Jones, a retiring alderman and member since 1928 was opposed and defeated by retiring councillor Emrys Lloyd.
Results
Aberaeron
Aberbanc
Aberporth
Aberystwyth Division 1
Aberystwyth Division 2
Aberystwyth Division 3
Aberystwyth Division 4
Aberystwyth Division 5
Aberystwyth Division 6
Aeron
}
Borth
Bow Street
Cardigan North
Cardigan South
Cilcennin
Cwmrheidol
Devil's Bridge
Felinfach
Goginan
Lampeter Borough
Llanarth
Llanbadarn Fawr
Llanddewi Brefi
Llandygwydd
Llandysul North
Llandysul South
Llansysiliogogo
Llanfair Clydogau
Llanfarian
Llanfihangel y Creuddyn
Llangoedmor
Llangeitho
Llangrannog
Llanilar
Llanrhystyd
Llanllwchaiarn
Llansantffraed
Llanwnen
Llanwenog
Lledrod
Nantcwnlle
New Quay
Penbryn
Strata Florida
Taliesin
Talybont
Trefeurig
Tregaron
Troedyraur
Ysbyty Ystwyth
Election of Aldermen
In addition to the 50 councillors the council consisted of 16 county aldermen. Aldermen were elected by the council, and served a six-year term. Following the 1937 election, there were eight aldermanic vacancies which were filled at the annual meeting.
The following retiring aldermen were re-elected:
J.D. Evans, New Cross
D.L. Herbert, Llangeitho
Meredydd Ll.G. Williams, Llanwenog
In addition, the following four new aldermen were elected:
Emlyn Abraham-Williams, Aberystwyth
D. Alban Davies, Llanrhystud
Simon Davies, Felinfach
D. Lloyd Thomas, Tresaith
Evan Davies, Llechryd
In addition to the three retiring aldermen who were re-elected, Simon Davies had previously served as an alderman from 1928 until 1946.
By-elections
Seven by-elections were held following the election of aldermen.
Aberystwyth Division 5 by-election
Felinfach by-election
Llanfihangel y Creuddyn by-election
Llangeitho by-election
Llangoedmor by-election
Llanrhystud by-election
Llanwenog by-election
Penbryn by-election
References
Ceredigion County Council elections
Cardiganshire
20th century in Ceredigion
Jarrod Clarence Heston (born June 23, 1986) by their stage name Mayne Mannish, is an American rapper from Oakland, California.
Mayne Mannish got their start with their group, The Team. They are associated with West Coast hip hop music, and have a unique sound that showcases the diversity of hyphy music. The Team regained popularity in late 2005 after dropping the singles "Just Go" and "Bottles Up" to promote their new album, World Premiere, which peaked at number 95 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and number 50 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums. Mannish is also known for being featured in the song "Slow Down", which was featured in the 2013 video game Grand Theft Auto V. Mayne Mannish has since broken out as a solo artist. They have come out with many singles including "Slow Down", "Right Back", "Burn Rubber", and "Foy", and has featured in songs with artists such as E-40, John Hart, Eric Bellinger, Husalah, and Omega Crosby.
Discography
With The Team
2002: Beyond The Glory (re-released in 2004 as The Preseason)
2004: The Negro League
2006: World Premiere
2012: Hell of A Night EP
Solo discography
2012 Body Hot (4 song EP hosted by Dj Mind Motion)
Mayne Mannish
2016: "Guilty Pleasure"
Singles/videos
References
http://www.sfweekly.com/shookdown/2012/05/11/learn-the-j12-a-new-bay-area-hip-hop-dance-anyone-can-do
External links
Mayne Mannish on Twitter
Mayne Mannish on Facebook
Mayne Mannish on SoundCloud
African-American male rappers
Living people
1982 births
People from Oakland, California
West Coast hip hop musicians
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The following article presents a summary of the 1956 football (soccer) season in Brazil, which was the 55th season of competitive football in the country.
Torneio Rio-São Paulo
The Torneio Rio-São Paulo was not contested in 1956.
Campeonato Paulista
Final Stage (Série Azul)
Championship playoff
Santos declared as the Campeonato Paulista champions.
State championship champions
(1)Atlético Mineiro and Cruzeiro shared the Minas Gerais State Championship title.
Other competition champions
Brazil national team
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1956.
References
Brazilian competitions at RSSSF
1956 Brazil national team matches at RSSSF
Seasons in Brazilian football
Brazil
Lamarck Island is a rocky island long, lying east of Petrel Island and north-east of Rostand Island in the Géologie Archipelago, off the Adélie Coast of Antarctica. It was charted in 1951 by the French Antarctic Expedition and named by them after Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, the French naturalist.
Antarctic Specially Protected Area
A site cluster in the heart of the Géologie Archipelago, south and east, and in the immediate vicinity, of Petrel Island and Dumont d'Urville Station, comprises Lamarck, Jean Rostand, Le Mauguen and Claude Bernard Islands, Bon Docteur Nunatak, and a breeding site of emperor penguins on the intervening sea ice. The site is protected under the Antarctic Treaty System as Antarctic Specially Protected Area (ASPA) No.120. It was designated as such because it contains representative examples of terrestrial Antarctic ecosystems. Apart from the emperor penguin colony, the only one of about 30 in Antarctica that lies close to a permanent research station, birds nesting in the area include Adélie penguins, Antarctic skuas, Wilson's storm petrels, southern giant petrels, snow petrels and Cape petrels. Weddell seals also occur there.
See also
List of Antarctic and subantarctic islands
References
Islands of Adélie Land
Antarctic Specially Protected Areas
Seabird colonies
Jean-Baptiste Lamarck
Penguin colonies
The Wichita Terminal Association is a switching and terminal railroad in northern Wichita, Kansas, jointly owned by the BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad. It handles mainly grain and some scrap steel, serving customers at the former Wichita Union stockyards. The tracks were first placed in service in September 1889 by the stockyard and packing companies, and in February 1910 operations were transferred to the new WTA, owned by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, Missouri Pacific Railway, and St. Louis and San Francisco Railroad. Through mergers, and the sale of the Rock Island's line to the Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad, the current split between BNSF and UP came about.
References
Kansas railroads
Switching and terminal railroads
Railway companies established in 1910
American companies established in 1910
BNSF Railway
Union Pacific Railroad
O'Brien Island is a small rocky island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It lies south-west of Aspland Island and rises to 540 m. A strong marine channel, named Tasman Rip, runs between O'Brien Island and Eadie Island.
The name dates back to the survey of the South Shetlands carried out by Edward Bransfield and William Smith in 1820, when it was applied to O'Brien, Eadie and Aspland Islands as a group. It is now established in international usage.
Important Bird Area
The island has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because there are records (from 1977) of it supporting large breeding colonies of chinstrap penguins (21,000 pairs) and southern fulmars (8000 pairs).
See also
List of Antarctic and Subantarctic islands
References
Islands of the South Shetland Islands
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Seabird colonies
Penguin colonies
Luke Sauder (born 13 September 1970) is a Canadian former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics and 1998 Winter Olympics. They were inducted into the Cambridge (ON) Sports Hall of Fame in 2007.
References
External links
sports-reference.com
1970 births
Living people
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Canadian male alpine skiers
Sarawut Sirironnachai (born 23 August 1992) is a Thai cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team .
Major results
2011
1st Team time trial, Southeast Asian Games
2013
Southeast Asian Games
1st Team time trial
6th Road race
2018
6th Overall Tour of Thailand
9th Overall Tour of Indonesia
2019
Southeast Asian Games
1st Road race
1st Team road race
1st Team time trial
1st Stage 5 Tour of Thailand
7th Overall Tour de Korea
2020
National Road Championships
1st Time trial
7th Road race
2nd Overall Tour of Thailand
1st Points classification
1st Stages 3 & 4
2021
National Road Championships
1st Road race
2nd Time trial
3rd Overall Tour of Thailand
1st Stage 3
2022
Southeast Asian Games
2nd Criterium
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sarawut Sirironnachai
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games medalists in cycling
Sarawut Sirironnachai
Sarawut Sirironnachai
Cyclists at the 2018 Asian Games
Sarawut Sirironnachai
The Bolebroke Castle Miniature Railway or Bolebroke Castle and Lakes Railway (often abbreviated to BC&LR) was a railway that ran within the grounds of Bolebroke Castle. The railway was approximately in length, however, only parts of the railway were open freely to the public. The railway closed in 2012 after the owner's passing, and the stock/track was distributed to volunteers and new owners.
References
7¼ in gauge railways in England
Hartfield
İbecik is a village in the Gölhisar district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gölhisar District
is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Patissier and released on February 14, 2003 for Windows. It was later ported to the Dreamcast and PlayStation 2 consoles by Princess Soft. The story follows Leon, an amnesiac who has to work off their debt to Cafe Little Wish, after they engulf everything in the cafe without paying any money.
Cafe Little Wish charted twice in the national top 50 for best-selling bishōjo games. The gameplay of Cafe Little Wish follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the five female main characters by the player character. In 2004, a sequel called Magical Tale was released. An art book and original soundtrack have also been released.
Gameplay
Cafe Little Wish is a romance visual novel in which the player assumes the role of Leon. Much of its gameplay is spent on reading the story's narrative and dialogue. The text is accompanied by character sprites, which represent who Leon is talking to, over background art. Cafe Little Wish follows a branching plot line with multiple endings, and depending on the decisions that the player makes during the game, the plot will progress in a specific direction.
There are five main plot lines that the player will have the chance to experience, one for each of the heros in the story. Throughout gameplay, the player is given multiple options to choose from, and text progression pauses at these points until a choice is made. To view all plot lines in their entirety, the player will have to replay the game multiple times and choose different choices to further the plot to an alternate direction.
Plot
Story
Cafe Little Wish takes place in a rural kingdom, with a small town along the highway. Fantasy elements such as magic and fictional species are included the visual novel. Its prologue shows a starving young man enter a small cafe named "Cafe Little Wish". Without knowing that they have no money, they engulf all the food in the cafe. Before the man is able to commit a DIN and dash, they are attacked by the waiteres. They realize that they have amnesia and is suffering a fatal case of memory loss, causing them to not remember anything about himself. Ceres, the owner of Cafe Little Wish, generously allows them to pay off their debt by working at their cafe. As they can no longer remember their own name, they are furthermore referred to as by everyone. The story mostly revolves around Leon interacting with the five heros and eventually forming a romantic relationship with one.
Heroines
One of the waiteres in Cafe Little Wish. Merun has an energetic, and quirky personality. They have a classic tsundere personality, and constantly quarrels with the protagonist. As they are always trying to compete with Leon, Merun finds it difficult to be nice to him. Merun is generally outspoken, but whenever they notice one of Leon's good qualities, they don't like to admit it.
A waiter in Cafe Little Wish. Lily is a shy and timid dojikko who is close with the cafe staff, thinking of them as the family they never had. Because Lily has always wanted a brother, this earns Leon the nickname "onii-chan" from them They unknowingly have terrible-tasting cooking. One of Lily's hobbies include writing romantic poetry.
Mina is a waiter in Cafe Little Wish, and a nekomimi with superhuman strength, albeit their small size. They have a positive outlook on life, and has a polite personality. However, they are able to insult Leon maintaining their sweet tone. Mina has a very big fear of bugs, despite how strong they are. Mina came first in the character popularity poll for Cafe Little Wish.
Ceres is the laid-back and selfless owner of Cafe Little Wish. They inherited the cafe when their brother died, including a recipe book that causes magical things to happen. When it is revealed that Leon has amnesia, they sympathize with them and allows them to work at their cafe. When Ceres drinks alcohol, they become a lot less responsible.
A girl who is searching for someone, that someone is Leon, according to them Karen starts working at Cafe Little Wish in order to jog Leon's memory, as they apparently know him.  They are rather domineering, and protective of Leon. Karen is revolted by the way they are treated in the cafe by other workers, Merun in particular; this causes fights between Karen and Merun.
Development and release
Cafe Little Wish is Patissier's first visual novel to produce. After the development of Cafe Little Wish, they went on to make a sequel of sorts called Magical Tale, which shares the same setting. The company went defunct shortly afterwards. The game's scenario was written by Kaze, and the music arranged by Hideshi Saito. Cafe Little Wish'''s original character designs were by Tinkle, who is known for their illustrations in the Ro-Kyu-Bu! light novels. Digital Works, currently better known as Digital Works Entertainment, assisted in the development and launch of Cafe Little Wish. A fully voiced trial version was made available through internet download on November 28, 2012.
Digital Works released a first press edition of the game for Windows PCs as a CD-ROM on February 14, 2003. Cafe Little Wish for PC is compatible up to Windows 98/Me/2000/XP. A 44-page art book containing Cafe Little Wish character illustrations comes bundled with the first press release as a bonus. In the original version of the game, there are scenes with sexual CGs depicting Leon and a given hero having sex. Later, Princess Soft ported Cafe Little Wish to the Dreamcast and PlayStation 2 consoles without the adult content; both ports were released on May 29, 2003. The PS2 port which is titled was released in both limited and regular editions.
Soundtrack
Digital Works released an original soundtrack called on March 16, 2003. The CD has twenty tracks, including a mini audio drama. Cafe Little Wish's opening song is "Cafe LittleWish" sung by Maki Yuzuki; the ending song is sung by Nobuko Miura.
Reception
According to a national sales ranking of bishōjo games sold in Japan, the PC release of Cafe Little Wish premiered at No. 12. Cafe Little Wish charted further in mid-February 2003 and ranked No. 28. The Japanese video game magazine Famitsu reviewed the PlayStation 2 port of the game Cafe Little Wish: Mahou no Recipe, and gave it a total review score of 18/40 (out of the four individual review scores of 4, 5, 4, and 5). On the Cafe Little Wish'' official website, a character popularity poll was held, with a total of 2003 votes (Merun: 260 votes, Lily: 452 votes, Mina: 815 votes, Ceres: 125 votes, Karen: 351 votes). Mina won the contest with 815 votes, Lily came second place having gathered 452 votes; as a reward, they were featured on the regular PS2 game package art together.
References
External links
2003 video games
Visual novels
Eroge
Windows games
Japan-exclusive video games
Dreamcast games
Bishōjo games
PlayStation 2 games
Video games developed in Japan
William Rollason (born 29 November 1960) was the Chairman of the Direct Selling Association in London.
Rollason trained in corporate finance at Hambros Bank (1986–1995). Hambros was taken over by Société Générale. Before joining EHR, Rollason was Finance Director of National Express which they reportedly left in 2002 after a clash with chief executive Phil White.
They were then appointed CEO of Farepak. They went on to set up a parent company (EHR), which was largely financed by Farepak.
References
English businesspeople
1960 births
Living people
An aerial image is a projected image which is "floating in air", and cannot be viewed normally. It can only be seen from one position in space, often focused by another lens.
Aerial image technology was used in optical printers and movie special effects photography before the advent of computer graphics in movie production, and also for combining animation and live action footage onto one piece of film.
Film and video technology
IPAA can refer to:
Ileal pouch-anal anastomosis, an alternative name for ileo-anal pouch
Independent Petroleum Association of America
Institute of Public Administration Australia
Intellectual Property Attache Act
International Peace Arch Association, a non-profit association involved with the maintenance of Peace Arch Park
Storm Nelson was a character in the eponymous strip in the British comic Eagle.
Biography
A former officer of the Royal Navy, Commander Nelson owned the ship Silver Spray, part of the Silver Fleet. This fleet included at various times an amphibious motor launch ("Silver Foam") and a helicopter ("Silver Hawk") - all named Silver ** as well as a small submarine ("Silver Fish").
Nelson's versatile crew included Jonah McCann from the town of Auchtermuchty in Scotland, the radio operator, Bash Callaghan, who was the pilot of the ship's helicopter, Spanner Dodds, the ship's engineer, and a ship's boy known as Kerfuffle Kidd who was working for their Master's ticket.
The fleet seemed to spend much of its time in the West Indies and the Pacific, visiting islands occupied by ex-British colonial peoples. They righted wrongs and confronted nasty characters who dared to threaten peaceful island communities.
Comic strip history
The strip ran from October 1953 to March 1962. It was drawn by Richard Jennings, with scripts for the earlier stories by Guy Morgan (under the pen name Edward Trice), and later Jennings wrote the stories as well.
Eagle comic strips
Eagle (comic) characters
In mathematics, Newick tree format (or Newick notation or New Hampshire tree format) is a way of representing graph-theoretical trees with edge lengths using parentheses and commas. It was adopted by James Archie, William H. E. Day, Joseph Felsenstein, Wayne Maddison, Christopher Meacham, F. James Rohlf, and David Swofford, at two meetings in 1986, the second of which was at Newick's restaurant in Dover, New Hampshire, US. The adopted format is a generalization of the format developed by Meacham in 1984 for the first tree-drawing programs in Felsenstein's PHYLIP package.
Examples
The following tree:
could be represented in Newick format in several ways
((,)); no nodes are named
(A,B,(C,D)); leaf nodes are named
(A,B,(C,D)E)F; all nodes are named
(:0.1,:0.2,(:0.3,:0.4):0.5); all but root node have a distance to parent
(:0.1,:0.2,(:0.3,:0.4):0.5):0.0; all have a distance to parent
(A:0.1,B:0.2,(C:0.3,D:0.4):0.5); distances and leaf names (popular)
(A:0.1,B:0.2,(C:0.3,D:0.4)E:0.5)F; distances and all names
((B:0.2,(C:0.3,D:0.4)E:0.5)F:0.1)A; a tree rooted on a leaf node (rare)
Newick format is typically used for tools like PHYLIP and is a minimal definition for a phylogenetic tree.
Rooted, unrooted, and binary trees
When an unrooted tree is represented in Newick notation, an arbitrary node is chosen as its root. Whether rooted or unrooted, typically a tree's representation is rooted on an internal node and it is rare (but legal) to root a tree on a leaf node.
A rooted binary tree that is rooted on an internal node has exactly two immediate descendant nodes for each internal node.
An unrooted binary tree that is rooted on an arbitrary internal node has exactly three immediate descendant nodes for the root node, and each other internal node has exactly two immediate descendant nodes.
A binary tree rooted from a leaf has at most one immediate descendant node for the root node, and each internal node has exactly two immediate descendant nodes.
Grammar
A grammar for parsing the Newick format (roughly based on ):
The grammar nodes
Tree: The full input Newick Format for a single tree
Subtree: an internal node (and its descendants) or a leaf node
Leaf: a node with no descendants
Internal: a node and its one or more descendants
BranchSet: a set of one or more Branches
Branch: a tree edge and its descendant subtree.
Name: the name of a node
Length: the length of a tree edge.
The grammar rules
Note, "|" separates alternatives.
Tree → Subtree ";"
Subtree → Leaf | Internal
Leaf → Name
Internal → "(" BranchSet ")" Name
BranchSet → Branch | Branch "," BranchSet
Branch → Subtree Length
Name → empty | string
Length → empty | ":" number
Whitespace (spaces, tabs, carriage returns, and linefeeds) within number is prohibited. Whitespace within string is often prohibited. Whitespace elsewhere is ignored. Sometimes the Name string must be of a specified fixed length; otherwise the punctuation characters from the grammar (semicolon, parentheses, comma, and colon) are prohibited. The Tree → Subtree ";" production is instead the Tree → Branch ";" production in those cases where having the entire tree descended from nowhere is permitted; this captures the replaced production as well because Length can be empty.
Note that when a tree having more than one leaf is rooted from one of its leaves, a representation that is rarely seen in practice, the root leaf is characterized as an Internal node by the above grammar. Generally, a root node labeled as Internal should be construed as actually internal if and only if it has at least two Branches in its BranchSet. One can make a grammar that formalizes this distinction by replacing the above Tree production rule with
Tree → RootLeaf ";" | RootInternal ";"
RootLeaf → Name | "(" Branch ")" Name
RootInternal → "(" Branch "," BranchSet ")" Name
The first RootLeaf production is for a tree with exactly one leaf. The second RootLeaf production is for rooting a tree from one of its two or more leaves.
Notes
An unquoted may not contain blanks, parentheses, square brackets, single_quotes, colons, semicolons, or commas. Underscore characters in unquoted s are converted to blanks.
A may also be quoted by enclosing it in single quotes. Single quotes in the original string are represented as two consecutive single quote characters.
Whitespace may appear anywhere except within an unquoted or a
Newlines may appear anywhere except within a or a .
Comments are enclosed in square brackets. They can appear anywhere newlines are allowed. Comments starting with are generally computer-generated for additional data. Some dialects allow nested comments.
Dialects
New Hampshire X format
The New Hampshire X (NHX) format is an extension to Newick that adds key-value data (gene duplication, etc.) to Newick nodes. This is done by putting the additional data in brackets [&&NHX:key=value:...] in the node labels. The brackets are used because they represent comments in the Nexus file format, so any parser not understanding these additional information will ignore them.
Extended Newick
While the standard Newick notation is limited to phylogenetic trees, Extended Newick (Perl Bio::PhyloNetwork) can be used to encode explicit phylogenetic networks. In a phylogenetic network, which is a generalization of a phylogenetic tree, a node either represents a divergence event (cladogenesis) or a reticulation event such as hybridization, introgression, horizontal (lateral) gene transfer or recombination. Nodes that represent a reticulation event are duplicated, annotated by introducing the # symbol into the Newick format, and numbered consecutively (using integer values starting with 1).
For example, if leaf Y is the product of hybridisation (x) between lineages leading to C and D in the tree above,
one can express this situation by defining two trees in standard Newick notation
(A,B,((C,Y)c,D)e)f; and (A,B,(C,(Y,D)d)e)f; standard Newick, all nodes are named (internal nodes lowercase, leaves upper case)
or in extended Newick notation
(A,B,((C,(Y)x#1)c,(x#1,D)d)e)f; extended Newick, all nodes are named; 1 is the integer identifying the hybrid node x
The here is a hybrid node. It will be joined by the program into a single node when drawn. The production rules above is modified by the following for labelling hybrid nodes (in general, nodes representing reticulation events):
Leaf → Name Hybrid
Hybrid → empty | "#" Type integer -- The #i part is an obligatory identifier for a hybrid node
Type → empty | string -- type of reticulation, e.g., H = hybridisation, LGT = lateral gene transfer, R = recombination.
In the visualization of LGT events, for a given reticulate node, one incoming edge is usually drawn as an "acceptor" edge and all other incoming edges are drawn as "transfer" edges. Some programs (e.g. Dendroscope and SplitsTree) allow exactly one copy of the reticulate node to be labeled with to indicate that it corresponds to the acceptor edge.
Extended Newick is backward-compatible: a hybrid node would simply be interpreted as a few strangely-named nodes for legacy parsers.
Rich Newick format
The Rich Newick format, also known as the Rice Newick format, is a further extension of Extended Newick. It adds support for:
Unrooted phylogenies. This is simply done by writing an unrooted tree as usual (i.e., pick an arbitrary root at a binary branch point) and prefixing to the string. , on the other hand, can be used to force a rooted tree.
Bootstrap values and probabilities. This is done by adding additional fields after the length; fields can be left empty as long as the colons are present. This may be backward-incompatible.
Ad hoc extensions
Some other programs, like NWX, use comments starting with to encode additional information in an ad hoc manner:
MrBayes and BEAST add additional information like probability, length in years, standard deviation for values to the nodes. They also use .
Visualization
Many tools have been published to visualize Newick tree data. Specific examples include the ETE toolkit ("Environment for Tree Exploration") and T. rex. Phylogenetic software packages such as SplitsTree and the tree-viewer Dendroscope as well as the online tree viewing tool IcyTree can handle standard and extended Newick notation, while the phylogenetic network software PhyloNet makes use of both the Extended Newick and Rich Newick format.
See also
phyloXML
T. rex (Webserver) allows handling phylogenetic trees and networks in the Newick format.
Smart Game Format is an application of Newick format and is widely used for recording board games.
References
External links
Miyamoto and Goodman's Phylogram of Eutherian Mammals An example of a large phylogram with its Newick format representation.
Phylogenetic tree (newick) viewer (By Huerta-Cepas et al. 2016)
Trees (data structures)
Graph description languages
Phylogenetics
Canute is an anglicisation of the Scandinavian name Knut. It may refer to:
Medieval era:
Cnut the Great (c. 995–1035), also known as Canute, King of Denmark, England and Norway
Harthacnut or Canute III (c. 1018–1042), King of Denmark and England, son of Cnut the Great
Canute I of Sweden (before 1150–1195/96), King of Sweden
Canute II of Sweden (died 1234), King of Sweden
Canute IV of Denmark (c. 1042–1086), King of Denmark and Roman Catholic saint
Canute V of Denmark (c. 1129–1157), King of Denmark
Canute VI of Denmark (1163–1202), King of Denmark
Canute, Duke of Estonia (1205–1260), bastard son of Valdemar II of Denmark
Canute Lavard (1096–1131), a Danish prince, first Duke of Schleswig and Roman Catholic saint
Canute or Knud Porse (died 1330), Danish Duke of Samsø, Duke of Halland and Duke of Estonia
Canute Mikkelsen, Roman Catholic Bishop of Viborg from 1451 to 1478
Modern world:
Canute Anderson (1830–1893), American politician, a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Canute Caliste (1914–2005), a naive painter from Grenada
Canute Curtis (born 1974), former National Football League player
Canute R. Matson (1843–1903), Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois
Canute Peterson (1824–1902), Mormon pioneer and church leader
See also
Yakima Canutt (1895–1986), American champion rodeo rider, actor, stuntman and action director
Masculine given names
English masculine given names
Anilios ammodytes, also known as the sand-diving blind snake, is a species of blind snake that is endemic to Australia. The specific epithet ammodytes (“sand-diver”) refers to the snake's habits and habitat.
Description
The species is a small, thin and pale blind snake. It grows to an average of about 25 cm in length.
Behaviour
The species is oviparous.
Distribution and habitat
The snake is found in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The type locality is Hermite Island in the Montebello Islands off the Pilbara coast.
References
ammodytes
Snakes of Australia
Reptiles of Western Australia
Reptiles described in 1914
Indiana Family Institute (IFI) is a non-profit lobbying organization in Indiana, United States. Curt Smith is the organization's president. The organization gained national attention for its role in the passing of Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act in 2015. IFI is affiliated with Focus on the Family and Alliance Defending Freedom.
References
1994 establishments in Indiana
Non-profit organizations based in Indianapolis
Realizing the Dream, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 2006 by Martin Luther King III to carry on the legacy of their parents, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Mrs. Coretta Scott King. Located in Atlanta, Georgia, the organization carries out initiatives on both the domestic and international level. The mission of Realizing the Dream is "To champion freedom, justice, and equality by working to eliminate poverty, build community and foster peace through nonviolence." Two of Realizing the Dream's main projects are the 50 Communities Network, an effort against American poverty, and the Generation II Global Peace Initiative, a peace-building team composed of sons, daughters and grandchildren of leading 20th century activists.
Programs
According to its website and promotional materials, Realizing the Dream's work consists of five separate programs:
The Poverty Project seeks to redress poverty both in the United States and throughout the world. The domestic aspect of the program is the Poverty in America project, which "is a national call to leadership aimed at fueling local efforts to ignite sustainable private investment in communities carrying the legacy of the King name." The effort is focused on the "50 Communities Network," which is a "coalition of community organizers, organizations, and local leadership with whom Mr. King has visited, toured, and engaged since the inception of Realizing the Dream, Inc." The international component of the effort is currently in development, but Realizing the Dream has begun to establish it through recent visits to India, Kenya, Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Generation II Global Peace (Gen II) brings together the second generation of some of the 20th century's most prominent peace icons to address instances of conflict and injustice worldwide. According to Realizing the Dream's website, the program was launched in London, England in July 2007, with the inaugural members being King Abdullah II of Jordan; Christine Chavez-Delgado; Nadim Gemayel; Saad Hariri; Kerry Kennedy; Martin Luther King III; Cheml Peres; Dalia Rabin-Pelossof; Justin Trudeau; and Naomi Tutu.
International Youth Corps is a leadership development program for young people, aged 18–35, who are recruited to join Realizing the Dream on international trips. The Corps has engaged in two separate journeys to date, the first to Israel in March 2008 and the second to Kenya in March 2009.
International Fellows Institute is a virtual academy of scholars focused on international research in pressing global topics regarding redressing poverty, building community and fostering peace.
International Scholars Intern Program provides selected students and recent graduates the opportunity to engage in substantive internships in the United States and throughout the world with scholars who are Realizing the Dream International Fellows.
Awards and summits
In October 2008, Realizing the Dream hosted a national conference in Washington, D.C. entitled the "Summit to Realize the Dream". The event focused on the issues of poverty, civic engagement and violence and was cosponsored by several other national organizations, including the National Urban League, Half in Ten Campaign, Points of Light Institute, ServiceNation, Southern Christian Leadership Conference, Spotlight on Poverty and Opportunity, and YouthBuild USA. Some of the speakers and panelists who participated in the event were Dr. Jeffrey Sachs, Hon. Jack Kemp, Congressman John Lewis, Jim Wallis of Sojourners, former Senator Harris Wofford, Thomas Sander of Harvard University, Alan Khazei of Be the Change, Inc. and Dorothy Stoneman of YouthBuild.
Realizing the Dream has also presented various awards to prominent American and international activists. At the "Realizing the Dream Awards" during President Obama's inauguration weekend in January 2009, the organization honored Congressman John Lewis with the 'Drum Major Award' for their lifetime of work for civil rights and nonviolence; others honored at the same event included Senator Edward Kennedy (D-MA), Reverend Claude Black of San Antonio and democracy-activist Aung San Suu Kyi of Burma. The previous year, Martin Luther King III and Realizing the Dream presented former President Bill Clinton with the 'Realizing the Dream Award' for their continued humanitarian work around the world.
See also
King Center for Nonviolent Social Change
References
External links
Realizing the Dream, Inc.
Non-profit organizations based in Georgia (U.S. state)
2006 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Organizations established in 2006
Edward Dennis may refer to:
Eddie Dennis, wrestler
Edward Dennis (MP) for Yarmouth (Isle of Wight) (UK Parliament constituency)
Russian Riviera (La Riviera russe/ Русская Ривьера) is a Russian high-end lifestyle magazine launched in 2011 in France by Anton Koslov Mayr, Guela Patiachvili and Natalia Garilskaya. The publication enjoyed reputation as an intellectual magazine for the Russia's rich. It was praised for its quality by many media commentators, including Russian social columnist and opposition figure Bozhena Rynska. In 2015 the publication was acquired by a US-based media agency GPMM.
Russian Riviera was originally created as a tourist publication, providing practical information for Russian-speaking visitors in France and Monaco.
However, in its second issue it began publishing interviews with opposition figures, short stories, and articles that otherwise couldn't be published in Russia.
"Russian Riviera" often featured interviews with high-profile political figures including anti-Putin activist and billionaire Bill Browder, Soviet defector and author Viktor Suvorov, Putin's spiritual mentor Bishop Tikhon Shevkunov, politician Irina Khakamada, dissident artists Eric Bulatov and Mikhail Roginsky. The magazine had a literary section and regularly published short stories by authors including Zakhar Prilepin, Lev Timofeev, George Kopelian, and Lera Tikhonova. The magazine was also reputed for its photography and illustrations: it featured the works of Gueorgui Pinkhassov, Stanley Green, Urs Bigler, Peter Lindbergh, Irina Polin, Stephen Shanabrook, Anton Koslov Mayr and others.
Natalia Garilskaya Incident
In May 2014, Russian Riviera correspondent Natalia Garilskaya, known for their pro-Ukrainian position, was arrested in Moscow during an anti-Putin rally. They were later expelled from the country.
Notes
2011 establishments in France
Magazines published in France
Lifestyle magazines
Magazines established in 2011
Russian-language magazines
Tourism magazines
The Oratorio de la Santa Cueva is an underground church in Cádiz.
It was restored by the Veracruz-born priest, Don José Sáenz de Santa María,
who also commissioned Haydn's The Seven Last Words of Christ for performance in the cave.
References
Churches in the Province of Cádiz
The Taoyuan Refinery () is an oil refinery in Guishan District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.
History
The refinery was established in 1976. In 2008, a gasoline pyrolysis and hydro-desulfurization unit was constructed at the refinery with a capacity of 30,000 barrels per day.
Technical specifications
The refinery has a capacity to process 200,000 barrels of crude oil per day.
See also
List of oil refineries
Mining in Taiwan
References
1976 establishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Taoyuan City
Energy infrastructure completed in 1976
Oil refineries in Taiwan
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Jaffarpur Kalan or locally known as JNV Jaffarpur Kalan is a boarding, co-educational school located in South West district of Delhi in India. Navodaya Vidyalayas are funded by the Indian Ministry of Education and administered by Navodaya Vidyalaya Smiti, an autonomous body under the ministry.
History
The school was established in 1991, and is a part of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya schools, which provide free boarding and education to gifted students. This school is administered and monitored by Jaipur regional office of Navodaya Vidyalaya Smiti.
Admission
Admission to JNV Jaffarpur Kalan at class VI level is made through selection test (JNVST) conducted by Navodaya Vidyalaya Smiti.
Admission to JNV Jaffarpur Kalan at class IX level is made conducted by Navodaya Vidyalaya Smiti.
Affiliations
JNV Jaffarpur Kalan is affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education with affiliation number 2740002.
Location
It is located in a remote village named Jaffarpur kalan, New Delhi. This village is also famous for the home of Chaudhary Brhmaprakash, who is first chief minister of Delhi.
Nearest railway station - Delhi Cantonment
Nearest airport- Indira Gandhi International Airport
Nearest hospital- Rao Tularam Memorial Hospital
See also
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Mungeshpur
List of JNV schools
References
External links
Official Website of JNV South West district, Delhi
High schools and secondary schools in Delhi
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas in Delhi
Educational institutions established in 1991
1991 establishments in Delhi
Kochmes () is the name of two rural localities under the administrative jurisdiction of the city of republic significance of Inta in the Komi Republic, Russia:
Kochmes, Kosyuvom Selo Administrative Territory, Inta, Komi Republic, a settlement in Kosyuvom Selo Administrative Territory;
Kochmes, Verkhnyaya Inta, Inta, Komi Republic, a settlement under the administrative jurisdiction of Verkhnyaya Inta Urban-Type Settlement Administrative Territory;
The 2020 Rally Belgium (also known as Renties Ypres Rally Belgium 2020) was a motor racing event for rally cars that was scheduled to hold between 20 to 22 November 2020, but was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It was set to mark the fifty-sixth running of Ypres Rally and was planned to be the seventh round of the 2020 World Rally Championship, World Rally Championship-2 and World Rally Championship-3. It was also going to be the final round of the Junior World Rally Championship. The 2020 event was set to be based in Ypres in West Flanders and was scheduled to be contested over twenty-three special stages. The rally was planned to cover a total competitive distance of .
Background
Schedule changes and event inclusion
Following the cancellation of 2020 Rally Japan, the Ypres Rally of Belgium replaced Rally Japan to hold the seventh round of the championship. This would mark the Ypres Rally run as a WRC event for the first time. The country was set to become the thirty-fourth nation to stage a championship round in the WRC. Unfortunately, the rally was eventually announced to be called off due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Route
The first two days of action would take place in the area around Ypres, while Sunday's final leg would be focused on the iconic Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Stavelot, with the rally-closing Power Stage featuring the famous Eau Rouge-Raidillon section of the track. This meant the Sunday's route would run alongside the 2020 World RX of Benelux of the World Rallycross Championship.
Itinerary
All dates and times are BET (UTC+1).
References
External links
2020 Ypres Rally at ewrc-results.com
The official website of the World Rally Championship
Belgium
2020 in Belgian motorsport
2020
Motorsport events cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Çayırönü is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Jane Eyre is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Hugo Ballin and starring Norman Trevor, Mabel Ballin and Crauford Kent. It is based on the novel of the same title by Charlotte Brontë.
Cast
Norman Trevor as Mr. Rochester
Mabel Ballin as Jane Eyre
Crauford Kent as St. John Rivers
Emily Fitzroy as Grace Poole, a servant
John Webb Dillion as Mason, Mrs. Rochester's brother
Louis R. Grisel as John Eyre, Jane's uncle
Stephen Carr as John Reed
Venie Atherton as Miss Fairfax
Elizabeth Arians as Mrs. Rochester
Harlan Knight as Mr. Breckelhurst
Helen Miles as Burns
Julia Hurley as Rivers' Maid
Sadie Mullen as Miss Ingram
June Ellen Terry as Adele, Mr. Rochester's ward
Florence Flagler as Miss Mason
Bertha Kent as Mr. Rochester's Maid
Marie Schaefer as Mrs. Reed
References
Bibliography
Munden, Kenneth White. The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures Produced in the United States, Part 1. University of California Press, 1997.
External links
1921 films
1921 drama films
1920s English-language films
American silent feature films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Hugo Ballin
Films distributed by W. W. Hodkinson Corporation
1920s American films
John Bath is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s. They played at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, and Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 716), as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career
Championship Final appearances
John Bath played left-, i.e. number 8, in Wakefield Trinity's 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the Championship Final replay during the 1966–67 season at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967.
Club career
John Bath made their début for Wakefield Trinity during March 1966, and they played their last match for Wakefield Trinity during the 1967–68 season.
References
External links
Search for "Bath" at rugbyleagueproject.org
Living people
English rugby league players
Hull Kingston Rovers players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Rugby league props
Wakefield Trinity players
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Christmas Snow" is the tenth and final episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated television series South Park. The 307th episode overall of the series, it premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on December 11, 2019.
Plot
Santa warns people about driving drunk during Christmas, and encourages everyone to enjoy the holiday responsibly. Their advice is promptly ignored as the residents of South Park dangerously drive around the city while impaired. The next day, they discover alcohol sales are banned until January 2, upsetting the townspeople since they must endure their families while sober. Without alcohol to drink, the streets are empty and the mayor feels South Park has lost its Christmas spirit. They ask Randy (who has now grown a white beard) to resume selling marijuana to the citizens, despite the marijuana season being over. Randy and Towelie try to think of something new rather than repackaging old products. The falling snow inspires Randy to create "Christmas Snow": marijuana laced with a white substance. The people love it and resume driving under the influence.
The Mayor is shocked to find that Christmas Snow contains cocaine. Surprised, Randy quickly launches a protest and easily gets cocaine legalized in several states. Santa is upset that people continue to drive under the influence, now due to drugs, and marijuana sales are subsequently banned until after the holidays. Randy decides to sell pure "organic, local" cocaine, without the marijuana "impurities". It proves popular and people continue to drive impaired.
On Christmas Eve, Santa steals all the Christmas Snow from people's houses. People begin to panic as they wake up to discover their drugs are missing. Determined to save Christmas Snow, Randy chases Santa until they crash their sleigh, and argues over the benefits of cocaine. Santa tries the drug and is impressed with the quality. Jesus arrives to settle the dispute, is convinced to try the cocaine, and is similarly won over. In order to return the Christmas Snow to South Park, Jesus levitates it into the air, causing it to snow cocaine over South Park. Everyone celebrates by consuming the drug and returning to driving under the influence.
Reception
Jesse Schedeen from IGN gave the episode a 7.5 of out 10, writing, "'Christmas Snow' isn't quite fresh or memorable enough to rival South Park's best holiday episodes, but it does serve as a fitting cap to Season 23. It also proves the series hasn't quite used up Tegridy Farms as a valid plot device, though it would do well to give that plot point a rest for a while."
Chris Longo of Den of Geek gave the episode 4 stars out of 5, stating that the episode "lives up to the presents of Christmas' past."
Stephanie Williams of The A.V. Club gave the episode a grade of "B-", saying that the episode presents a "mixture of specials previously made this season but with a dash of cocaine."
Dani Di Placido of Forbes thought that the Tegridy Farms joke "has grown as stale as a wilted marijuana plant." They also criticized the legalization of cocaine in the episode, saying, "It's a bit of a strange joke; what's so funny about legalizing drugs? This concept simply isn't countercultural anymore, not in the slightest."
References
External links
"Christmas Snow" Full Episode at South Park Studios
South Park (season 23) episodes
American Christmas television episodes
Television episodes about drugs
Works about cocaine
American television episodes about cannabis
Santa Claus in television
Portrayals of Jesus on television
The Hill is an American newspaper and digital media company based in Washington, D.C. that was founded in 1994. In 2020, it was the largest independent political news site in the United States.
Focusing on politics, policy, business and international relations, The Hills coverage includes the U.S. Congress, the presidency and executive branch, and election campaigns. The Hill describes its output as "nonpartisan reporting on the inner workings of Government and the nexus of politics and business".
The company's primary outlet is TheHill.com. The Hill is additionally distributed in print for free around Washington, D.C. and distributed to all congressional offices. It is owned by Nexstar Media Group.
History
Founding and early years
The company was founded as a newspaper in 1994 by Democratic power broker and New York business person Jerry Finkelstein, and Martin Tolchin, a former correspondent for The New York Times. New York Representative Gary L. Ackerman was also a major shareholder. The name of the publication alludes to "Capitol Hill" as a synecdoche for the United States Congress and government generally.
In 2012, James "Jimmy" A. Finkelstein assumed control of the organization.
Digital distribution and print circulation
The Hill has grown to become the second most-viewed US political news website and the third-most tweeted U.S. news source.
In 2016, The New York Times reported that The Hill was "proceeding with ambitious expansion plans" to become a national brand publication, and its website traffic increased 126% over the prior year, and was above Politico's traffic for the period.
Following the 2016 US presidential election, The Street reported that The Hill saw the largest increase in online political readership among political news sites, with an increase of 780%. CNN and Politico saw smaller increases over the period, making The Hill "the fastest-growing political news site". In 2017, The Hill was also cited by Twitter as one of the top 10 "most-tweeted" news sources. A 2017 study by the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University found that The Hill was the second most-shared source among supporters of Donald Trump on Twitter during the election, behind Breitbart News.
In 2019, The Hill was ranked second among all US news sites for political readership, second to CNN, and ahead of Capitol Hill competitors such as Politico.
In 2020, it was again ranked second for online politics readership across all news sites, behind only CNN. It remained ahead of Politico, Fox News, NBCNews.com and MSNBC TV.
As of 2020, the newspaper claims to have more than 22,000 print readers. The Hill is distributed for free in newspaper boxes around the U.S. Capitol building, and mailed directly to all congressional offices.
As of 2020, The Hills YouTube channel had 1,100,000 subscribers, ahead of Politico, Axios, and Bloomberg Politics. In October 2020, The Hills YouTube channel averaged over 1.5 million daily video views and more than 10 million per week; in September 2020 it received over 340 million video views.
In 2021, The Hill was acquired by Nexstar Media Group for $130 million.
Features and editions
Hill TV
In June 2018, The Hill launched Hill.TV, a digital news channel. The channel features Rising, a daily morning news program first hosted by Krystal Ball and Saagar Enjeti. In May 2021, Ball and Enjeti announced they were departing in order to release their own independent project, Breaking Points with Krystal and Saagar. Since then, Robby Soave, Ryan Grim and Kim Iversen have hosted the program, along with regular guests including Emily Jashinsky, Colin Rogero, Jamal Simmons, Emily Miller, Alyssa Farah, Briahna Joy Gray, and Rachel Bovard.
Notable stories and awards
The National Press Club's annual Sandy Hume Memorial Award is named after staffer Sandy Hume, in recognition of their 1997 reporting in The Hill of an attempted Republican coup against then-speaker Newt Gingrich.
In 2019, The Hill won the Society of Professional Journalists' First Prizes for Features ("Celebrities dive into midterms, hoping to thwart Trump") and Series ("How The Trump Tax Law Passed").
In 2020, The Hill won the Society of Professional Journalists' First Prize for Features, for the story "Inside the Secret World of the CIA's Social Media Team".
Staffing
Masthead
Jason Jedlinski, General Manager
Bob Cusack, Editor-in-Chief
Josh Awtry, SVP Audience
Sarah Katt, SVP Programming
Ian Swanson, Managing Editor
Jesse Byrnes, Senior Editor
Tristan Lejeune, Senior Editor
Frank Craig, Contributor Editor
Mike Demarest, Audience Development Director
Greg Nash, Photo Editor
Linda Petre, Production Manager
Past
James Carville
Ron Christie
Judd Gregg
David Keene
Josh Marshall
Dick Morris
A. B. Stoddard
Byron York
John Solomon
Gen. Michael Hayden (ret.) (former NSA and CIA director)
Controversies
In 2017, The Hill hired John Solomon. Solomon inserted material from advertisers into journalistic copy, leading to protests from The Hills publisher. Solomon's role was changed to opinion contributor. In March 2018 they published a challenged conspiracy theory regarding Ukraine. In September 2019, Solomon left The Hill.
In January 2019, WarnerMedia's CNN claimed Finkelstein interfered in the editorial independence of the paper with respect to criticism of U.S. President Donald Trump.
References
External links
1995 establishments in Washington, D.C.
2021 mergers and acquisitions
American political websites
Legislative branch of the United States government
Newspapers published in Washington, D.C.
Political mass media in the United States
Publications established in 1995
01
Weekly newspapers published in the United States
Harry Francis Chaddick (August 27, 1902 - May 30, 1994) was a multimillionaire philanthropist, real estate developer, and former Director of Zoning of Chicago, Illinois. Chaddick was born and grew up in the West Side of Chicago, Illinois.
Career
Chaddick started their career as a stock boy, then worked as an assistant pharmacist in a Chicago drug store.
Shipping
In 1924, at age 22, they bought a used Ford truck for $350 and entered the shipping business. They built and expanded their business, using innovative methods such as "piggyback" transportation, integrating rail shipping and truck shipping. Also, they were the first to use two-way radios in their trucks. Throughout the 1930s and 40s, Chaddick built their business into one of America's largest motor freight companies. They served on national trucking and transportation associations, and negotiated with regional and local unions, including the Teamsters Union; Chaddick negotiated with Jimmy Hoffa, who was representing Local 299 in Detroit. Chaddick also established a comprehensive truck terminal system on the West Side of Chicago. In 1954, Chaddick sold their trucking companies, and by 1957, they had mostly divested from all shipping businesses.
During World War II, because of their expertise in shipping, Chaddick received an appointment to oversee the transportation of men and materials to North Africa.
Zoning
Chaddick's work in zoning began in Chicago in the late 1940s and early 1950s. In 1948, Mayor Martin H. Kennelly tasked Chaddick to settle disagreements and draw up a new ordinance for where to place truck terminals in the city. After this engagement went favorably, Chaddick was appointed to positions in charge of zoning. Chaddick was Chicago's Director of Zoning under Mayor Kennelly and Mayor Richard Daley. In this position, Chaddick produced the city's first Comprehensive Zoning Ordinance in 1957. This was seen as a major step toward modernization, and it encouraged retail and high-rise development. Over the following decade, Chaddick and fellow city zoning officials refined and revised the laws.
Real estate development
Chaddick directed real estate development through their corporation First American Realty, in Chicago and in Palm Springs, California. As the head of First American Realty, they orchestrated the transformation of vacant real estate, an old World War II aircraft engine plant into Ford City Mall. They also developed the Brickyard shopping center, Forest Park Mall, and Addison Mall. In Palm Springs, California, Tennis Club Hotel of Palm Springs, the Palm Springs Country Club and the residential neighborhood Andreas Hills.
In 1987, Lexington Development Corp. of Arlington Heights bought First American Realty, the affiliated Harry F. Chaddick Realty, and the industrial, residential, and retail properties from Chaddick. Chaddick maintained the consultant firm of Harry F. Chaddick Associates, but this 1987 sale was seen as Chaddick's move toward retirement.
In 1988, Chaddick was inducted into the Chicago Board of Realtors Hall of Fame.
Later life
Chaddick met their wife, Elaine, in a Chicago nightclub, and they married in 1955. Elaine played a crucial part in Chaddick's success in business, entertaining and planning events that brought together Chicago's business and political elites. The couple's high-profile friends included Mayor Richard Daley and Jay McMullen, husband of Mayor Jane Byrne.
Elaine Chaddick's kidnapping
As Chaddick's success spread to their developments in Palm Springs, Elaine began to spend more time there. On May 8, 1979, Elaine was kidnapped from the Chaddicks' Palm Springs home, and held for $1 million ransom. They were held in the desert, east of Joshua Tree National Park, for three days. During the ransom exchange, Elaine heard gunshots- shots exchanged between a kidnapper on a motorcycle and police in a helicopter, during a 10-mile chase. They walked through the desert until they came to a car, where their husband waited with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. These events inspired the 2008 book Night of the Full Moon, by Herb Clough, the former FBI agent in charge of Chaddick's kidnapping case. A feature film, Do It Or Die, based on that book, premiered at the Palm Springs International Film Festival in January 2017.
Philanthropy
The Chaddicks began to focus on philanthropy in the 1980s and 1990s. They established the Harry F. Chaddick and Elaine Chaddick Foundation in 1986, to fund medical, scientific, educational, and religious organizations. The Chaddicks' endowments fund the Chaddick Institute of Urban Development at DePaul University. Harry Chaddick also contributed to the establishment of The Salvation Army's social service center on Chicago's South Side.
Harry Chaddick wrote and published Chaddick! Success Against the Odds: The Autobiography of Harry F. Chaddick in 1990.
In 1996, DePaul University Special Collections and Archives obtained The Harry F. Chaddick Papers, including documents related to Chaddick's work in zoning and retail shopping development in Chicago, as well as other papers, photographs, and biographical information about Chaddick.
Chaddick died in hospice care at Whitehall of Deerfield on May 30, 1994, aged 91.
References
Businesspeople from Chicago
Businesspeople from Palm Springs, California
1902 births
1994 deaths
DePaul University Special Collections and Archives holdings
20th-century American businesspeople
Mount Raymond () is a rock peak, 2,820 m, standing on the southernmost ridge of the Grosvenor Mountains, 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km) southeast of Mount Cecily. Discovered by Ernest Shackleton of the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09), who named this feature for their eldest son. The position agrees with that shown on Shackleton's map, but the peak does not lie in the Dominion Range as they thought, being separated from that range by Mill Glacier.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Vestvorren Ridge () is the western of two rock ridges which trend northward from the Neumayer Cliffs in Queen Maud Land. It was photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). It was then mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Vestvorren, meaning "the west jetty."
Ridges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Lisa Robinson is an American journalist and writer. They were born and raised on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and attended The Bronx High School of Science and Syracuse University. They were married to the late music producer and radio host Richard Robinson.  They are the author of “Nobody Ever Asked Me About the Girls”, a discussion of the rock and roll women they interviewed, a memoir There Goes Gravity: A Life in Rock and Roll about their life as a music journalist. They also wrote the novel Walk on Glass.  They are a contributing editor for Vanity Fair and is the former editor of Rock Scene. They have also written music criticism for the New York Post.
Journalism
They began their journalism career, in 1969, at the suggestion of their husband who asked them to take over a column they wrote for a British paper. Robinson went on to write for a variety of publications, including Creem, the New York Post, and the New Musical Express. They covered various popular artists and bands, including The Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin, John Lennon, Queen, Michael Jackson, Duran Duran, U2, David Bowie, Chrissie Hynde, The Clash, The Who, and Patti Smith. They conducted a rare televised interview with Freddie Mercury in 1984.
They frequently covered acts playing at CBGB in the 1970s. While they toured with The Rolling Stones in 1975 they also acted as their press liaison.
Works
Walk on Glass (1982).
There Goes Gravity: A Life in Rock and Roll (2014).
Nobody Ever Asked Me about the Girls: Women, Music and Fame (2020).
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American music journalists
American women journalists
People from Manhattan
The Bronx High School of Science alumni
Syracuse University alumni
21st-century American women writers
20th-century American women writers
Vanity Fair (magazine) people
Cassin's honeybird (Prodotiscus insignis), also known as Cassin's honeyguide, is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae.
Range
Its range extends across the African tropical rainforest (also overlapping the Dahomey Gap).
References
Cassin's honeybird
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
Cassin's honeybird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Doncaster Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The home ground is at the Doncaster Town Field Sports Club.
The men's 1XI play in the Men's England Hockey League. The ladies' 1XI play in the North Hockey League.
The club is one of the largest clubs in the North of England, and fields seven men's sides, four ladies' sides and various other sides.
Doncaster have been part of the National League since its inception and have had relative success in it. The men's 1st XI were relegated in 2012/13 but returned to the National League a season later. The Men's 1st XI reaching the EH Cup Final in 2010/11, narrowly losing out to Beeston, and achieving promotion to the EH National Indoor Premier Division in 2011/12 by finishing second in Division One, behind Loughborough.
The ladies' 1st XI reached the quarter finals of the Ladies' Cup in 2011/12. The ladies 1st XI had been part of the National League for twenty-two years, since its inception, until their relegation in 2013/14 season. In Junior hockey Doncaster regularly compete both outdoor and indoor in cup competitions, and in 2011/12 reached the second tier of the under 16 Championships outdoors for both boys and girls.
Doncaster as well as having teams in the National League also has teams in Men's Conference North and Yorkshire Hockey Leagues. It has similar teams in the ladies leagues. Thusly it has 6 men's teams and 5 ladies, making it one of the largest hockey clubs in Yorkshire.
Major Honours
2010-11 Men's National Cup Runner-Up
Internationals past and present
W Chapman - Scotland
Jo Ellis - England & Great Britain
Barry Middleton - England & Great Britain
References
English field hockey clubs
Sport in Doncaster
Sport in South Yorkshire
Field hockey in Yorkshire
Ela Ramesh Bhatt (born 7 September 1933) is an Indian cooperative organiser, activist and Gandhian, who found the Self-Employed Women's Association of India (SEWA) in 1972, and served as its general secretary from 1972 to 1996.  They are the current chancellor of the Gujarat Vidyapith. A lawyer by training, Bhatt is a part of the international labour, cooperative, women, and micro-finance movements and has won several national and international awards, including the Ramon Magsaysay Award (1977), Right Livelihood Award (1984) for "helping home-based producers to organise for their welfare and self-respect" and the Padma Bhushan (1986).
Early life and background
Ela Bhatt was born at Ahmedabad in India. Them father, Sumantrai Bhatt, was a successful lawyer, while their mother, Vanalila Vyas, was active in the women's movement and also remained secretary of All India Women's Conference, which in turn was founded by Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay. Second of three daughters, their childhood was spent in the city of Surat, where they attended the Sarvajanik Girls High School from 1940 to 1948. They received their Bachelor of Arts degree in English from the M.T.B. College (South Gujarat University) in Surat in 1952. Following graduation Ela entered the Sir L.A. Shah Law College in Ahmedabad. In 1954 they received their degree in law and a Gold Medal for their work on Hindu law.
Career
Bhatt started their career teaching English for a short time at SNDT Women's University, better known as SNDT, in Mumbai. In 1955 they joined the legal department of the Textile Labour Association (TLA) in Ahmedabad.
TLA and SEWA
In 1956, Ela Bhatt married Ramesh Bhatt (now deceased). After working for sometime with the Gujarat government, Ela was asked by the TLA to head its women's wing in 1968. In this connection they went to Israel where they studied at the Afro-Asian Institute of Labor and Cooperatives in Tel Aviv for three months, receiving the International Diploma of Labor and Cooperatives in 1971. They were very much influenced by the fact that thousands of female textile workers worked elsewhere to supplement the family income, but there were state laws protecting only those who were solely industrial workers and not these self-employed women. So with the co-operation of Arvind Buch, the then president of TLA, Ela Bhatt undertook to organise these self-employed women into a union under the auspices of the Women's Wing of the TLA. Then in 1972 the Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA) was established with Buch as president and they served as its general-secretary from 1972 to 1996.
The Elders: 2007–present
On 18 July 2007 in Johannesburg, South Africa, Nelson Mandela, Graça Machel, and Desmond Tutu convened a group of world leaders to contribute their wisdom, independent leadership and integrity to tackle some of the world's toughest problems. Nelson Mandela announced the formation of this new group, The Elders, in a speech they delivered on the occasion of their 89th birthday.
“This group can speak freely and boldly, working both publicly and behind the scenes on whatever actions need to be taken," Mandela commented. "Together we will work to support courage where there is fear, foster agreement where there is conflict, and inspire hope where there is despair.”
Kofi Annan serves as Chair of The Elders and Gro Harlem Brundtland as Deputy Chair. The other members of the group are Martti Ahtisaari, Ela Bhatt, Lakhdar Brahimi, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Jimmy Carter, Hina Jilani, Graça Machel, Mary Robinson and Ernesto Zedillo. Nelson Mandela and Desmond Tutu are Honorary Elders.
The Elders work globally, on thematic as well as geographically specific subjects. The Elders' priority issue areas include the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, the Korean Peninsula, Sudan and South Sudan, sustainable development, and equality for girls and women.
Ela Bhatt is particularly involved in The Elders' initiative on equality for women and girls, including on the issue of child marriage. In February 2012, Bhatt travelled to Bihar, India with fellow Elders Desmond Tutu, Gro Harlem Brundtland and Mary Robinson. Together, the Elders visited Jagriti, a youth-led project aimed at preventing child marriage, and encouraged the state government's efforts to tackle the issue.
A Gandhian practitioner of non-violence, Bhatt also travelled to the Middle East with Elders delegations in August 2009 and October 2010. In a blog post written for The Elders' website following the group's visit to Gaza in October 2010, Bhatt stated that non-violent struggle against injustice requires "more hard work than fighting" and that "it is the coward who uses weapons."
The Elders are independently funded by a group of donors: Sir Richard Branson and Jean Oelwang (Virgin Unite), Peter Gabriel (The Peter Gabriel Foundation), Kathy Bushkin Calvin (The United Nations Foundation), Jeremy Coller and Lulit Solomon (J Coller Foundation), Niclas Kjellström-Matseke (Swedish Postcode Lottery), Randy Newcomb and Pam Omidyar (Humanity United), Jeff Skoll and Sally Osberg (Skoll Foundation), Jovanka Porsche (HP Capital Partners), Julie Quadrio Curzio (Quadrio Curzio Family Trust), Amy Towers (The Nduna Foundation), Shannon Sedgwick Davis (The Bridgeway Foundation) and Marieke van Schaik (Dutch Postcode Lottery). Mabel van Oranje, former CEO of The Elders, sits on the Advisory Council in their capacity as Advisory Committee Chair of Girls Not Brides: The Global Partnership to End Child Marriage.
Personal life
Ela Bhatt married Ramesh Bhatt in 1956, subsequently the couple had two children, Amimayi (b. 1958) and Mihir (b. 1959). They currently live in Ahmedabad, Gujarat with their family.
Awards and recognition
They were one of the founders of Women's World Banking in 1979 with Esther Ocloo and Michaela Walsh, and served as its chair from 1980 to 1998. They have served as Chair of the SEWA Cooperative Bank, of HomeNet, of the International Alliance of Street Vendors, and is former a board of directors of WIEGO. They were also a trustee of the Rockefeller Foundation.
They were granted an honorary Doctorate degree in Humane Letters by Harvard University in June 2001. In 2012, they received a Doctor of Humane Letters, honoris causa from Georgetown University and an honorary doctorate from Université libre de Bruxelles in Brussels, Belgium. They also hold honorary doctorates from Yale and University of Natal.
Ela Bhatt was also awarded the civilian honour of Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1985, and the Padma Bhushan in 1986. They were awarded the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Community Leadership in 1977 and the Right Livelihood Award in 1984.
They were chosen for the Niwano Peace Prize for 2010 for their work empowering poor women in India.
On November 2010, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton honoured Bhatt with the Global Fairness Initiative Award for helping move more than a million poor women in India to a position of dignity and independence.
Ela Bhatt was honoured with the prestigious Radcliffe Medal on 27 May 2011 on Radcliffe day for their efforts in helping uplift women, which has had a significant impact on society.
In November 2011, Ela Bhatt was selected for the Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace, Disarmament and Development 2011 for their lifetime achievements in empowering women through grassroots entrepreneurship.
In June 2012, US Sectretary of State Hillary Clinton identified Ela Bhatt as one of their 'hero'. They said, "I have a lot of heroes and heros around the world and one of them is Ela Bhatt, who started an organisation called the Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA) in India many years ago".
Writings
Bhatt's book has been translated in Gujarati, Urdu, Hindi and is currently being translated in French and Tamil.
Bhatt, E. R. (2006). We are poor but so many: the story of self-employed women in India. Oxford, Oxford University Press.
Bhatt, E.R. (2015). Anubandh : Building Hundred Mile Communities. Ahmedabad, Navjeevan Publishing House.
References
Further reading
India's 50 Most Illustrious Women () by Indra Gupta
External links
SEWA.org, Official website
Ela Bhatt – Truthseeker, an interview with Culture Unplugged
An Empire for Poor Working Women, Guided by a Gandhian Approach NY Times Profile
Biography, National Resource Centre for Women, Government of India
Biography of Ela Bhatt on the official site of the Magsaysay award
Ela Bhatt's biography on The Elders' website
1933 births
Living people
Scholars from Ahmedabad
Recipients of the Padma Shri in social work
Recipients of the Padma Bhushan in social work
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Ramon Magsaysay Award winners
Indian cooperative organizers
Indian women activists
Gandhians
Nominated members of the Rajya Sabha
Indian microfinance people
Gujarat University alumni
Social workers
Gujarati people
Indian social entrepreneurs
Indian women educational theorists
Indian women's rights activists
Indian independence activists from Gujarat
Businesswomen from Gujarat
20th-century Indian women scientists
20th-century Indian educational theorists
20th-century Indian businesspeople
Women educators from Gujarat
Educators from Gujarat
Women Indian independence activists
Social workers from Gujarat
Businesspeople from Ahmedabad
20th-century Indian business persons
Recipients of the Four Freedoms Award
20th-century women educators
Women members of the Rajya Sabha
SPT-100 is a Hall-effect ion thruster, part of the SPT-family of thrusters. SPT stands for Stationary Plasma Thruster. It creates a stream of electrically charged xenon ions accelerated by an electric field and confined by a magnetic field.
The thruster is manufactured by Russian OKB Fakel, and was first launched onboard Gals-1 satellite in 1994. In 2003 Fakel debuted a second generation of the thruster, called SPT-100B, and in 2011 it presented further upgrades in SPT-100M prototypes. As of 2011 SPT-100 thrusters were used in 18 Russian and 14 foreign spacecraft, including IPSTAR-II, Telstar-8 and Ekspress A and AM constellations.
Specifications
See also
PPS-1350
Stationary plasma thrusters（PDF)
References
Ion engines
Spacecraft propulsion
Freire Vergara Vanessa Lorena (born July 3, 1978) is an Ecuador politician. In 2021 they were a member of Union for Hope.  They are a member of the National Assembly
Life
Freire was born in Babahoyo. They studied Business Administration at the Metropolitan University of Ecuador.
In February 2021 they were elected to be a member of the fourth National Assembly of Ecuador.
In July 2021 Freire left the Union for Hope citing organisation differences. In 2022 they were an independent assembly member, they were aligned with the "Bank of the National Agreement" group, but her, and seven others, loyalty was questioned as that group was in decline.
In June 2022 they were representing the ruling party at a hearing established to try a charge against Yeseña Guamaní.
References
1978 births
Living people
People from Babahoyo
Members of the National Assembly (Ecuador)
Women members of the National Assembly (Ecuador)
The Vanil d'Arpille (also known as Maischüpfenspitz) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps, located north of Im Fang in the canton of Fribourg.
References
External links
Vanil d'Arpille on Hikr.org
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of Switzerland
Mountains of the canton of Fribourg
Two-thousanders of Switzerland
Viridistria is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Species
Viridistria hollowayi Behounek & Kononenko, 2012 (Sumatra)
Viridistria secreta Behounek & Kononenko, 2012 (Vietnam)
Viridistria striatovirens (Moore, 1883) (India)
Viridistria thoracica (Moore, 1882) (India)
Viridistria viridipicta (Hampson, 1902) (India)
References
Behounek & Kononenko, 2012: A revision of the "Belciana" viridipicta (Hampson, 1902) species group with description of a new genus and two new species from East Asia (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae: Pantheinae). Revision of Pantheinae, Contribution VII. Zootaxa '3590 '''37-50. Abstract: .
Pantheinae
The 36th Golden Raspberry Awards, or Razzies, ceremony, held by the Golden Raspberry Foundation, honored the worst films the film industry had to offer in 2015. The satirical ten-category Golden Raspberry Awards, commonly known as the Razzies, were presented during the ceremony. The nominations were revealed on January 13, 2016. The ceremony was held on February 27, 2016 beginning at 8:00 p.m. PST at the Palace Theater in Los Angeles, California.
Ceremony
Fifty Shades of Grey received the most awards, winning Worst Picture, The Worst Actor, The Worst Actress, Worst Screen Combo and Worst Screenplay. Fantastic Four tied for Worst Picture, also receiving The Worst Director and Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-off or Sequel. Eddie Redmayne received Worst Supporting Actor for Jupiter Ascending, while Kaley Cuoco received Worst Supporting Actress for Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip and The Wedding Ringer. The Razzie Redeemer Award, given to former Razzie winners and nominees for quality work in film, was given to Sylvester Stallone for their Oscar-nominated role in Creed after receiving seven Razzie awards in the past. The winners were announced via parody sketches; one of them was performed by an impersonation of Donald Trump, who won Worst Supporting Actor at the 11th Golden Raspberry Awards in 1990. None of the winners or nominees attended the ceremony. Per tradition, the nominations announcement and the ceremony took place one day before their corresponding 88th Academy Awards ceremony. The Razzie Redeemer Award winner was decided through a public vote on Rotten Tomatoes, while the 943 members of the Golden Raspberry Foundation voted to determine the winners for the other categories. Membership is open to the public for a membership fee.
Winners and nominees
Films with multiple nominations
The following twelve films received multiple nominations:
Films with multiple wins
The following two films received multiple awards:
Box office performance of nominated films
See also
22nd Screen Actors Guild Awards
88th Academy Awards
58th Grammy Awards
68th Primetime Emmy Awards
69th British Academy Film Awards
70th Tony Awards
73rd Golden Globe Awards
List of submissions to the 88th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
Golden Raspberry Awards ceremonies
Golden Raspberry
2016 in Los Angeles
2016 in American cinema
February 2016 events in the United States
Golden Raspberry
Events in Los Angeles
Mons was a constituency used to elect multiple members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1991.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Guo Dan (; born December 20, 1985 in Tieling, Liaoning) is a Chinese female archer.
2008 Summer Olympics
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Guo finished their ranking round with a total of 636 points. This gave them the 25th seed for the final competition bracket in which they faced Charlotte Burgess in the first round. Although Burgess was only the 40th seed they managed to upset Dan with 106-104 and they were eliminated.
Together with Chen Ling and Zhang Juanjuan they also took part in the team event. With their 636 score from the ranking round combined with the 645 of Chen and the 635 of Zhang the Chinese team was in third position after the ranking round, which gave them a straight seed into the quarter finals. With 211-206 they were too strong for the Indian team. In the semi final against Great Britain they scored 208 points with the British scoring 202, securing their final spot. Opponent South Korea came with a strong 224 points performance, resulting in the silver medal for China, as 215 points was not enough to claim the gold.
References
External links
Guo Dan eyes glory at Beijing Olympics 2008-2-3
1985 births
Living people
Archers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of China
Olympic silver medalists for China
People from Tieling
Olympic medalists in archery
Sportspeople from Liaoning
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Chinese female archers
is the fifth solo studio album by Japanese hip hop producer DJ Krush. It was released in 1998. It peaked at number 95 on the Oricon Albums Chart.
Critical reception
Ned Raggett of AllMusic gave the album 4.5 stars out of 5, calling it "another invigorating, moody, and powerful release." Dave Segal of The Stranger said, "Krush certainly isn't the first producer to apply minimalism to hiphop, but unlike nearly every other work in the art form, Kakusei seems to exist in a hermetic world, a stark temple of funk."
In 2014, Metro Weekly included it on the "20 Great Stoner Albums" list.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
1998 albums
DJ Krush albums
The New Odd Couple is an American sitcom television series that aired on ABC from 1982 to 1983, and was an updated version of the 1970s television series The Odd Couple. The New Odd Couple was the second attempt to remake a series of one of Neil Simon's plays with a primarily African-American and European-American cast. The first was Barefoot in the Park (which also premiered on September 24, 1970, the same day as the original Odd Couple series).
Synopsis
In this series, Felix and Oscar were both African-American college buddies who met in the 1950s. Felix was portrayed by Ron Glass and Oscar was portrayed by Demond Wilson. The characterizations were still the same, as Felix was a prissy neatfreak and Oscar was a fun-loving and sloppy character. John Schuck also appeared as Murray the Cop, who was kept Caucasian, as was the character of Roy, who was played by Bart Braverman.
The show ran for 18 episodes; eight of the episodes used recycled scripts from the original series. By the time the writers began producing new scripts, it was too late, as the show never found an audience. The series was cancelled in 1983.
Cast
Ron Glass as Felix Unger
Demond Wilson as Oscar Madison
Sheila Anderson as Cecily Pigeon
Bart Braverman as Roy
Ronalda Douglas as Gwendolyn Pigeon
Jo Marie Payton as Mona
John Schuck as Murray
Liz Torres as Maria
Telma Hopkins as Frances
Production
The New Odd Couple was executive produced by Garry and Anthony W. Marshall, and produced by Paramount Television. The theme music was still the same as the original series (composed by Neal Hefti), but it was played with a more updated urban arrangement.
This marked the second time Ron Glass and Demond Wilson collaborated; nearly a decade prior, they appeared together in two episodes of Sanford and Son: "Card Sharps" (S2, E6) and "Once a Thief" (S4, E15).
Episodes
US TV Ratings
Syndication
Reruns of the series aired on BET in the early 1990s. TV Land occasionally aired reruns when they were airing reruns of the original 1970s series.
References
External links
1982 American television series debuts
1983 American television series endings
American Broadcasting Company original programming
1980s American sitcoms
1980s American black sitcoms
English-language television shows
Television series reboots
Television series based on plays
Television series by CBS Studios
Television shows set in New York City
The Odd Couple
Television series based on works by Neil Simon
Alberto Acosta (born 1966) is a retired Argentinian footballer.
Alberto Acosta may also refer to:
Alberto Acosta (diver) (born 1973), Mexican diver
Beto Acosta (born 1977), Uruguayan footballer
Alberto Acosta (Mexican footballer) (born 1988), Mexican footballer
Alien is the fourth studio album by Canadian extreme metal band Strapping Young Lad. It was released on March 22, 2005. The album was written by Devin Townsend and Gene Hoglan over a six-month time period. The album reached No. 32 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and No. 35 on the Top Independent Albums chart.
Background
Townsend was diagnosed with bipolar disorder around 1998, a condition that was unknowingly exacerbated by their alcohol and drug use at the time. To compensate, they were prescribed anti-psychotic medication, but by the time of the writing and recording of Alien, they began expressing doubt about the initial diagnosis, and decided to stop taking the medication, but continued with their substance abuse, and they eventually "flipped out" during the process, and called the resulting album "toxic" and "psychologically very unhealthy".
Townsend and Hoglan were the primary writers of the album, since Simon and Stroud were busy with other commitments. Townsend has stated that the easiest track to record for the album was "Zen", and the most difficult track to record, "Skeksis", was also their favourite. The making of Alien was documented and made viewable online on Century Media's official site in February 2005. It was also available as a bonus DVD of the limited first edition of the album. The band recorded a cover of Tom Jones's "What's New Pussycat?" that was scheduled to appear on Alien, but it was not recorded entirely because "it did not fit the flow" of the album. The song is not expected to be released anytime, even though Blabbermouth.net has reported so.
Due to some kind of error, the unmastered promotional release of Alien (and subsequently the early leaks of the album on the internet) contained the longer version of "Love?" and a version of "We Ride" which had most of the guitar solos missing. Also, on this promo release the track "Thalamus" was credited as being called "Landscape". Previous to the promotional release, press releases credited "Thalamus" as being called "Mega Bulldozer".
The voice heard during the intro to the song "Two Weeks" belongs to a British mathematician Andrew Wiles. Wiles was interviewed for an episode of the BBC documentary series Horizon that focused on Fermat's Last Theorem.
Song information
"Love?"
"Love?" was chosen as the sole single from the album. Townsend has stated that the chorus was "ripped off" from the song "City of Love" by the band Yes. Townsend added, "I met Jon Anderson at one point and told him. They seemed to find it funny." Allmusic described the song's chorused harmonies as "King's X from hell". In 2018, the band Machine Head released the album Catharsis which contained the song "Beyond the Pale", with a riff that mirrors that of "Love?" almost note by note. Machine Head's Robb Flynn claimed that it was accidental plagiarism, that they spoke with Devin Townsend, and Devin referenced the Yes "rip off". The two musicians are in good terms.
Its accompanying music video, inspired by the cult horror film, The Evil Dead, was directed by Joe Lynch. The video garnered the band wider attention, and helped "Love?" become one of their most recognizable songs. Jed Simon admitted to having produced a video for this particular song because it had "the most commercial potential". "Love?" was originally one of two confirmed songs for an EP that was supposed to contain four new songs and four covers. Although planned for release in 2003, the EP was eventually cancelled.
A second music video was released for the track Zen, which would also later appear in 2007 film Shoot 'Em Up, where Clive Owen's character notices that the Zen music video calms a crying baby. The song "Love?" was featured in the 2005 video game Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Lockdown and later, the single was featured on the in-game radio station 106.66 The Blood, in Saints Row: The Third.
"Info Dump"
Townsend explained that the final track "Info Dump", an instrumental noise track, is a reflection on the panicked state of mind that ensued when they stopped taking their medication prescribed to treat their bipolar disorder. The screaming child at the end is meant to represent their realization.
There are pulses of sounds heard in the middle of the track that, in Morse code, translate to the word "om". The rhythm of these sound pulses were later used to create the rhythm used at the end of "Colour Your World" on Townsend's album Ziltoid the Omniscient.
In a retrospective point of view, Townsend said that the track was "basically structured noise containing a morse code for a math equation," and that during the recording of the album they watched a television program about mathematician Andrew Wiles about their solving of Fermat's Last Theorem. "[It was] a problem thought previously insolvable with a very elegant solution: X2 + Y2 = Z². Although I'm far from a mathematician, I enjoyed the thought that two opposing ways of thinking could be linked by a simple equation. I was just struck with that during the Alien time, and it just so happens that ‘Ziltoid 2', ‘Z²', is an answer for me—of how to proceed. It just seems to tie up everything, including Strapping, in a way that I think is satisfying."
Release
Alien was released on March 22, 2005, selling 3,697 copies in its first week. It reached No. 32 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart, and No. 35 on the Top Independent Albums chart.
Critical reception
Critics praised Townsend's inventiveness and the dynamism of the songs in which "melody and discord meet midway"; Adrien Begrand of PopMatters wrote "Strapping Young Lad have raised the bar yet again", while Blabbermouth.net's Krista G. called it "a total and complete metalized SHIT FIT" and one of the best albums of the year. Townsend themselves has gone on to state that "Alien" is the Strapping album that he's "most proud of".
Track listing
Personnel
Strapping Young Lad
Devin Townsend – guitar, vocals, keyboards, samples, production, engineering
Gene Hoglan – drums
Byron Stroud – bass guitar, associate production
Jed Simon – guitar
Additional personnel
Dave Young – keyboards, vocals
Will Campagna – live keyboards
Male vocal choir
Chris Valagao, Rossy Living, Cam Krotche, Will Campagna, Shane Clark, Ross Gale, Christ Stanley, Will Cochrane, Ash Manning, Ross Empson, Mike Quigley, Billy Marquardt and Jeff Cook.
Female vocal choir
Laurielynn Bridger, Marnie Mains, Ani Kyd, Tammy "Tamz" Theis, Magdalena Bulak, Shay Ward, Steph Reid, Deborah Rodrigo-Tyzio, Michelle Madden, and Joanna Ussner.
Children vocals
Dorian Glaude-Living, Damian Moore, Ethan Belcourt-Lowe and Jayden Gignac.
Production
Shaun Thingvold – engineering, mixing
Kristina Ardron – 2nd engineering, editing
Ryan Van Poederooyen – drum technician
Alex Aligizakis – editing
Scott Cooke – editing
Bryan Seely – editing, assistant
Rob Stefanson – assistant
Alan Wong Moon – assistant
Greg Reely – mastering at Green Jacket Studios
Travis Smith – art consultant
Per Johansson – artwork, layout design
Omer "Impson" R. Cordell – photography
Charts
References
2005 albums
Strapping Young Lad albums
Century Media Records albums
Albums produced by Devin Townsend
Albums recorded at Armoury Studios
Commerce de Bordeaux was a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy. They were funded by a don des vaisseaux donation from Bordeaux.
Renamed Timoléon in February 1794, they took part in the Battle of the Nile under captain Louis-Léonce Trullet. In the confusion of the battle, their rudder was damaged by misdirected fire from the neighbouring Généreux. They fought for three days, eventually running aground and set on fire by their crew. They exploded around noon on 2 August, the last fighting French ship of the battle.
See also
List of ships of the line of France
References
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Téméraire-class ships of the line
Don des vaisseaux
Ships built in France
Maritime incidents in 1798
Ship fires
Scuttled vessels
Naval magazine explosions
Shipwrecks of Egypt
Shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
"Running Kind" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Merle Haggard and The Strangers. It was released in January 1978 as the second and final single from the album, A Working Man Can't Get Nowhere Today. The song peaked at number 12 on the U.S. country singles chart and at number 10 on the Canadian country singles chart. The song was later covered by Radney Foster for the Haggard tribute album Mama's Hungry Eyes: A Tribute to Merle Haggard. Foster's version was released as a single in 1994 and peaked at number 64 on the U.S. country singles chart. Johnny Cash also covered the song with Tom Petty on the Unearthed box set.
Personnel
Merle Haggard– vocals, guitar
The Strangers:
Roy Nichols – lead guitar
Norman Hamlet – steel guitar, dobro
Tiny Moore – mandolin
Ronnie Reno – guitar
Mark Yeary – piano
James Tittle – bass
Biff Adam – drums
Don Markham – saxophone
Chart performance
Merle Haggard
Radney Foster
References
1977 songs
1978 singles
1994 singles
Merle Haggard songs
Radney Foster songs
Songs written by Merle Haggard
Song recordings produced by Ken Nelson (American record producer)
Arista Records singles
Capitol Records singles
Steve Ellis (born 1952) is a British poet and literary scholar and Professor of English Literature at the University of Birmingham.
 They are known for their works on Chaucer, Virginia Woolf and T. S. Eliot. and also for their verse translation of Dante's Divine Comedy, published in 2019.
Works
Dante and English Poetry: Shelley to T. S. Eliot (1983)
Home and Away (1987)
West Pathway (1993)
Verse translation of Dante's Hell (1991)
The English Eliot: Design, Language, and Landscape in Four Quartets (1991)
British writers and the approach of World War II
Chaucer at large: the poet in the modern imagination
Chaucer: The Canterbury Tales
T. S. Eliot: a guide for the perplexed
Virginia Woolf and the Victorians
References
1952 births
20th-century British poets
21st-century British poets
British literary critics
Academics of the University of Birmingham
Alumni of University College London
Living people
Tunisia competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. Since the nation's official debut in 1960, Tunisian athletes have appeared in every edition of the Summer Olympic Games, except the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow because of the nation's partial support for the US-led boycott.
The Tunisian Olympic Committee () fielded a team of 61 athletes, 40 men and 21 women, to compete in 17 sports at the Games. It was the nation's second-largest delegation sent to the Olympics, relatively smaller by 22 athletes than in London four years earlier. Men's handball was the only team-based sport in which Tunisia qualified for the Games. Among the sports represented by the nation's athletes, Tunisia made its Olympic debut in beach volleyball, as well as returning to table tennis after a twelve-year absence.
The Tunisian roster was highlighted by two accomplished Olympians from London 2012: long-distance swimmer Oussama Mellouli and steeplechaser Habiba Ghribi. At 32 years old and headed to their fifth Games, Mellouli emerged themselves as Tunisia's most successful Olympian of all time, with three medals (two golds and one bronze), and the first swimmer to dominate at both the pool and open water in Olympic history. Because of their successes, Mellouli was selected to carry the nation's flag at the opening ceremony. Meanwhile, Ghribi, a three-time Olympian, established a historic milestone for their country in London, when they became the first Tunisian woman to earn an Olympic medal.
Apart from Mellouli and Ghribi, 18 Tunisian athletes previously competed in London, including fencing sisters Azza and Sarra Besbes, tennis players Malek Jaziri and Ons Jabeur, three-time Olympic judoka Nihal Chikhrouhou (women's +78 kg) and Houda Miled (women's 70 kg), race walker Hassanine Sebei, and freestyle wrestler Marwa Amri.
Tunisia returned home from Rio de Janeiro with three bronze medals; each of them was awarded to the Tunisian athletes in fencing, taekwondo, and wrestling, respectively, for the first time. Moreover, it matched the overall tally achieved in London four years earlier. Among the medalists were Amri (women's 58 kg), three-time Olympic fencer Inès Boubakri (women's foil), and taekwondo fighter Oussama Oueslati (men's 80 kg).
Medalists
Athletics (track and field)
Tunisian athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
Seven athletes were named to Tunisia's track and field team for the Games, with Habiba Ghribi looking to defend their Olympic title in the women's 3000 m steeplechase.
Track & road events
Men
Women
Boxing
Tunisia has entered two boxers to compete in each of the following weight classes into the Olympic boxing tournament. Bilel Mhamdi and Hassen Chaktami had claimed their Olympic spots at the 2016 African Qualification Tournament in Yaoundé, Cameroon.
Canoeing
Sprint
Tunisia has qualified three boats for the following distances into the Olympic canoeing regatta through the 2016 African Sprint Qualifying Tournament.
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to final (medal); FB = Qualify to final B (non-medal)
Cycling
Road
Tunisia has qualified one rider in the men's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 10 individual ranking in the 2015 UCI Africa Tour.
Fencing
Tunisia has entered five fencers into the Olympic competition. Two-time Olympian Ines Boubakri had claimed a spot on the Tunisian team in the women's foil by finishing among the top 14 in the FIE Adjusted Official Rankings, while sisters Azza (women's sabre) and Sarra Besbes (women's épée) and debutant Mohamed Ayoub Ferjani (men's foil) did the same feat as the highest-ranked fencer coming from the Africa zone. Ferjani's brother Farès rounded out the Tunisian roster by virtue of a top finish in the men's sabre at the African Zonal Qualifier in Algiers, Algeria.
Handball
Summary
Men's tournament
Tunisia men's handball team qualified for the Olympics by virtue of a top two finish at the first meet of the Olympic Qualification Tournament in Gdańsk.
Team roster
Group play
Judo
Tunisia has qualified a total of four judokas for the following weight classes at the Games. Hela Ayari, Faicel Jaballah, and two-time Olympian Nihal Chikhrouhou were ranked among the top 22 eligible judokas for men and top 14 for women in the IJF World Ranking List of May 30, 2016, while Houda Miled at women's middleweight (70 kg) earned a continental quota spot from the African region, as the highest-ranked Tunisian judoka outside of direct qualifying position.
Rowing
Tunisia has qualified one boat each in the men's single sculls and the women's lightweight double sculls for the Games at the 2015 African Continental Qualification Regatta in Tunis.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing
Tunisian sailors have qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships, the individual fleet Worlds, and African qualifying regattas.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Tunisia has qualified one shooter in the women's pistol events by virtue of their best finish at the African Continental Championships and other selection competitions, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) as of March 31, 2016.
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)
Swimming
Tunisian swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Table tennis
Tunisia has entered one athlete into the table tennis competition at the Games. Saifa Saidani had claimed the Olympic spot in the women's singles by virtue of their top two finish at the 2016 African Qualification Tournament in Khartoum, Sudan.
Taekwondo
Tunisia entered three athletes into the taekwondo competition at the Olympics. Oussama Oueslati, Yassine Trabelsi, and Rahma Ben Ali secured the spots on the Tunisian team by virtue of their top two finish respectively in the men's welterweight (80 kg), men's heavyweight (+80 kg), and women's lightweight category (57 kg) at the 2016 African Qualification Tournament in Agadir, Morocco.
Tennis
Tunisia has entered two tennis players into the Olympic tournament. London 2012 Olympian Malek Jaziri (world no. 63) qualified directly for the men's singles as one of the top 56 eligible players in the ATP World Rankings as of June 6, 2016, while Ons Jabeur (world no. 188) had claimed one of six ITF Olympic women's singles places, as Africa's top-ranked player outside of direct qualifying position in the WTA World Rankings.
Volleyball
Beach
Tunisia has qualified the men's beach volleyball team for the Olympics by winning the CAVB Continental Cup final in Abuja, Nigeria, signifying the nation's Olympic debut in the sport.
Weightlifting
Tunisia has qualified one male and one female weightlifter for the Rio Olympics by virtue of a top five national finish (for men) and top four (for women), respectively, at the 2016 African Championships. The team must allocate these places to individual athletes by June 20, 2016.
Wrestling
Tunisia has qualified four wrestlers for each of the following weight classes into the Olympic competition, as a result of their semifinal triumphs at the 2016 African & Oceania Qualification Tournament.
Men's freestyle
Women's freestyle
References
External links
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
Olympics
The Pointer is a 1939 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures on July 21, 1939. The short was directed by Clyde Geronimi and animated by Fred Moore, Frank Thomas, Lynn Karp, Seamus Culhane, Ollie Johnston, Preston Blair, Lester Norvi, John Lounsbery, Claude Smitha, Art Palmer, and Josh Meador. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Short Subject (Cartoon) in 1940. It was the 106th short in the Mickey Mouse film series to be released, and the third for that year.
The cartoon follows Mickey Mouse as they try to teach their dog Pluto to be a pointer dog during a quail hunt. It was directed by Clyde Geronimi and features the voices of Walt Disney as Mickey and Lee Millar as Pluto.
Although often cited as the animated debut of Mickey's modern character design, this actually occurred five months earlier in Mickey's Surprise Party. Nevertheless, The Pointer is still considered a milestone Mickey Mouse film for its background art and Mickey's acting which was personally staged by Walt Disney. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 12th Academy Awards in 1940, but ultimately lost to Disney's own The Ugly Duckling, the final installment of the Silly Symphony series.
Plot
Mickey Mouse and Pluto are camping in the woods about to set out hunting. Mickey reads to Pluto from an instructional book how to point at game and not move. Mickey promises that if they are successful they will have "quail on toast, and maybe a nice big juicy bear steak" that night. After Mickey tosses aside a can of beans in favor of their target meal, they set out into the forest, Mickey carrying a shotgun.
But the first time they see quail, Pluto gets too excited, knocks Mickey over, and scares the birds away. Mickey scolds Pluto, but later softens, realizing that Pluto is a mutt and won't be able to learn. They set off again, but become separated. Pluto again hears some quail, and points at them.  They are careful this time not to move at all, even to the point of letting the quail jump up on them and pull their fur. Mickey however, is unaware that Pluto is not right behind him. They jump down from a rock and unwittingly wakes a sleeping bear who start to follow him. Only when Mickey doubles around and comes across Pluto, still in their pointer position, do they realize that there is a bear behind him.
The bear appears to be belligerent, but rather than running away, Mickey first tries to talk to the bear, explaining that they and Pluto were only hunting quail. Mickey even introduces themselves to the bear, saying "I hope you've heard of me."
The bear instead chases after Mickey and Pluto, who tear a path across the landscape back to their camp. That night they happily eat a supper of canned beans.
Use in other media
Animation of Mickey whistling and walking through the woods was reused in the Disneyland episode "Tricks of Our Trade" in 1957. For this appearance, Pluto was omitted, and Mickey was redrawn having different clothes and carrying a fishing pole instead of a shotgun.
Voice cast
Mickey Mouse: Walt Disney
Pluto: Lee Millar
Releases
1939 – Theatrical release
1954 – Disneyland, episode #1.1: "The Disneyland Story" (TV)
1961 – Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color, episode #8.5: "The Hunting Instinct" (TV)
c. 1983 – Good Morning, Mickey!, episode #9 (TV)
1997 – The Ink and Paint Club, episode #1.2: "Mickey's Landmarks" (TV)
Home media
The short was released on May 18, 2004 on Walt Disney Treasures: Mickey Mouse in Living Color, Volume Two: 1939-Today.
Additional releases include:
1983 – "Cartoon Classics: Pluto" (VHS)
2006 – "Funny Factory with Mickey Mouse" (DVD)
2011 – iTunes (digital download)
See also
Mickey Mouse (film series)
References
External links
The Pointer at The Encyclopedia of Animated Disney Shorts
The Pointer at the Disney Film Project
1939 films
1930s color films
1939 animated films
Mickey Mouse short films
1930s Disney animated short films
Hunting in popular culture
Films about hunters
Films directed by Clyde Geronimi
Films produced by Walt Disney
1930s American films
Anis Zouaoui (born 7 February 1992) is a Qatari handball player for Al-Wakrah and the Qatari national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1992 births
Living people
Qatari male handball players
Handball players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Qatar
Asian Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Rhyssoplax stangeri is a species of chiton in the family Chitonidae.
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Chitonidae
Chitons of New Zealand
Chitons described in 1847
Ove H. Berg (December 20, 1840 – March 30, 1922) was an American politician and business person.
Born in the Duchy of Schleswig (then a Danish fief) Berg was educated in the public schools. They held what they later described as "several responsible positions" before emigrating to the United States with their family in 1881 (after Schleswig-Holstein had become part of the Kingdom of Prussia). They settled in Ashland, Wisconsin, in 1883, and owned a meat market and grocery store with their son M. H. Berg, to whom they transferred management of the store in 1895.
Public office
Berg served on the board of education and was long involved in the Republican Party.
In 1906 they were elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly seat for Ashland County, with 1,706 votes to 733 for Democrat Albert F. Fox (Dem.) and 226 for Socialist Jonathan F. Miles (the incumbent, Republican Edward B. Gordon, was not a candidate). They were assigned to the standing committees on legislative expenditures and employes, and on lumber and mining. They were not a candidate for re-election in 1908, and was succeeded by fellow Republican John C. Chapple. In 1910, Chapple was not a candidate and Berg was returned to their old seat, with 1,348 votes to 402 for Socialist Horace Walmsley and 335 for Democrat A. D. McDonald. They were assigned to the committee on public health and sanitation, and chaired the joint committee on statutory revision. Berg did not seek re-election in 1912, and was succeeded by another Republican, D. E. Bowe.
Berg died in 1922 in New London, Wisconsin.
Notes
External links
1840 births
1922 deaths
German emigrants to the United States
People from Ashland, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
School board members in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Felicity Milovanovich (born 5 July 1992) is a New Zealand actor, DJ and music producer.  They are best known for their role as Jen in The Killian Curse, Zora in The New Tomorrow and Carmen in Time Trackers. They currently DJ in New Zealand under the name Misfits of Zion.
Credits
Short film
Shelley (2007) as Shelley
Television
The New Tomorrow (2005) as Zora
The Killian Curse (2006–2008) as Jen
Time Trackers (2008) as Carmen
Theatre
The Lovely Bones previs work (2007) as Lindsey
The Crucible (2007) as Betty
Titus Andronicus (2009) as Young Lucius
Training
Theatre Long Cloud Youth Theatre, Willem Wassenaar (2008–2010)
American Accent Course at Actors Centre Australia, Jamie Irvine (2011)
References
External links
Resume Page and agent
1992 births
Living people
New Zealand actores
Trier is an electoral constituency (German: Wahlkreis) represented in the Bundestag. It elects one member via first-past-the-post voting. Under the current constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 203. It is located in western Rhineland-Palatinate, comprising the city of Trier and the district of Trier-Saarburg.
Trier was created for the inaugural 1949 federal election. Since 2021, it has been represented by Verena Hubertz of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).
Geography
Trier is located in western Rhineland-Palatinate. As of the 2021 federal election, it comprises the independent city of Trier and the district of Trier-Saarburg.
History
Trier was created in 1949. In the 1949 election, it was Rhineland-Palatinate constituency 7 in the numbering system. In the 1953 through 1976 elections, it was number 154. In the 1980 through 1998 elections, it was number 152. In the 2002 election, it was number 206. In the 2005 election, it was number 205. In the 2009 and 2013 elections, it was number 204. Since the 2017 election, it has been number 203.
Originally, the constituency comprised the city of Trier, and the districts of Landkreis Trier and Saarburg. It acquired its current borders in the 1972 election.
Members
The constituency has been held by the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) during all but two Bundestag terms since its creation. It was first represented by Heinrich Kemper of the CDU from 1949 to 1957, followed by Alois Zimmer until 1965 and Heinrich Holkenbrink until 1969. Carl-Ludwig Wagner then served from 1969 to 1976. Günther Schartz was representative from 1976 to 1994. Franz Peter Basten served a single term from 1994 to 1998 before Karl Diller won the constituency for the Social Democratic Party (SPD) in 1998. They served two terms. Bernhard Kaster regained it for the CDU in 2005 and served until 2017. Andreas Steier was elected in 2017. Verena Hubertz of the SPD won the constituency in 2021.
Election results
2021 election
2017 election
2013 election
2009 election
References
Federal electoral districts in Rhineland-Palatinate
1949 establishments in West Germany
Constituencies established in 1949
Trier
Trier-Saarburg
James “Jim” Manganello is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent four seasons with the Boston Bulldogs in the USL A-League.
Youth
Manganello attended Wheaton College where they were a 1997 Third Team and a 1998 Second Team All American soccer player.
Professional
On February 6, 1999, the MetroStars selected Manganello in the third round (twenty-ninth overall) of the 1999 MLS College Draft. They were injured early in the season. The MetroStars released them on June 29, 1999. In 2000, Manganello played for the Boston Bulldogs of the USL A-League. They played for the Bulldogs through 2003.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
American soccer players
Boston Bulldogs (soccer) players
Cape Cod Crusaders players
New York Red Bulls players
USL A-League players
USL D-3 Pro League players
Soccer players from Massachusetts
New York Red Bulls draft picks
Association football midfielders
Wheaton College (Massachusetts) alumni
The 1959–60 Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball team is the only basketball team to win a national title in Ohio State history. They were coached by Hall of Fame coach Fred Taylor and had three future Hall of Famers on their roster—center Jerry Lucas, forward John Havlicek, and reserve forward Bob Knight, who entered the Hall for their storied coaching career, most notably at Indiana.
Roster
Season summary
Coach Fred Taylor started two sophomores at the beginning of the season, Lucas and Mel Nowell, with returnees Joe Roberts, Larry Siegfried and Dick Furry. An injury to Furry got Havlicek inserted into that first game, and they started thereafter.
In this era, first-year student could not play varsity college basketball. The recruiting class of Lucas, Nowell, Havlicek, Knight, and Gary Gearhart were not eligible to lead the Buckeyes until 1959–60. This was their first college season of play as the game is considered today.
The 1959–60 team posted the best shooting, highest-scoring team in college basketball that season at over 90 points per game. The key to the attack was the rebounding and outlet passing of Lucas. The other four athletes routinely overwhelmed opponents with fast break baskets. In 1960, this kind of offensive play was then the cutting edge of the game, and a big reason why all five starters were later drafted into the NBA. There were only eight NBA teams at this time, so this was not an easy feat.
Lucas shot a then-record 63% from the floor that season in an era when some college starters commonly shot 35% from the floor. More than just a great rebounder, they also had a great shooting eye from as far out as 25 feet (there was no three-point line then), and also had a hook shot that was nearly automatic. While the statistic was not well-kept then, Lucas probably led this team in assists, at 5–6 per game, they were an outstanding passer as well. They came very close to leading the country in both individual scoring and rebounding as well as shooting. After the outstanding Lucas, the Bucks may have had the best backcourt in the country in Siegfried and Nowell. Siegfried was then rated very highly as an all-around guard at both ends of the court. With Havlicek looked to contribute to the great offensive team with their hustling defense, Siegfried became active this season in this area as well and was outstanding. Nowell had one-on-one playground skills that were well-developed and effective immediately that season. With three sophomores now starting, Ohio State did have two early-season losses to Utah and Kentucky, but then clicked through the rest of the schedule. A late-season loss to Indiana came after they had clinched the Big Ten.
The Buckeyes steamrolled through the NCAA tournament by an average of 19.5 points a game, dusting off California 75–55 in the final behind two future NBA stars, Jerry Lucas and John Havlicek, two excellent guards in Larry Siegfried and Mel Nowell and a defensive work ethic that limited opponents to .388 shooting over the course of the season. While the offensive star power of the team is very noteworthy, it is important to say that the team was also very well-coached. After Hall of Famer Taylor, Graf had coached at Harvard and was very strong on defense. Truitt later led as a college coach at several NCAA schools.
NCAA basketball tournament
Mideast
Ohio State 98, Western Kentucky 79
Ohio State 86, Georgia Tech 69
Final Four
Ohio State 76, NYU 54
Ohio State 75, California 55
NCAA Basketball Championship
In that game, the Buckeyes shooting was off the charts, but it was also defensed that won them the championship. Lucas gave Darrall Imhoff room only when they were far away from the basket; in close, they were always between Imhoff and the ball. Still, very few in the noisy capacity audience at the Cow Palace -most of them, to be sure, California partisans- were ready to concede defeat to the Big Ten champions. Often enough in the past, California had come from behind to win on the wings of its mistake-inducing press. Pete Newell brought their team back into play in the second half, with a crushing defense and within five minutes, Cal scored 10 points to Ohio State's 5. Ironically, though, it was this fanatical defense that eventually proved to be Cal's undoing. Covering on the Ohio State man with the ball, the Bears were obliged to uncover a free man somewhere else. After a short period of fumbling, Ohio State began to find him. Two or three furiously quick breaks with more than five minutes to go destroyed California for good. When the flurry was over, Ohio State's shooting percentage was a remarkable 67.4 percent, and its victory margin was the largest in the 22-year history of the NCAA finals.
Rankings
Awards and honors
Jerry Lucas, NCAA Men's MOP Award
Jerry Lucas, All-America selection
Jerry Lucas, Chicago Tribune Silver Basketball
Jerry Lucas, First-Team All Big Ten
Team players drafted in the NBA
References
Ohio State Buckeyes
Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball seasons
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament championship seasons
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament Final Four seasons
Ohio State
Ohio State Buckeyes
Ohio State Buckeyes
Blues in the Night may refer to:
"Blues in the Night", popular song which has become a pop standard
Blues in the Night (film), 1941 movie
Blues in the Night (musical), a 1982 Broadway revue
Blues in the Night, a 2006 album by Ann Hampton Callaway
Blues in the Night (Jo Stafford album), 2007
Blues in the Night (Sonny Clark album)
Blues in the Night (RIAS Berlin serial)
The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton, the Perfect Cat, and Their Imperfect Human is the third and final memoir by Peter Gethers that documents their life with their cat Norton, a Scottish Fold. It was preceded by A Cat Abroad and documents the final portion of Norton's life and the repercussions of Norton's death.
Reception
Publishers Weekly reviewed the book saying, that Gethers is "at their best" when talking about Norton, especially about "his own mixed feelings about Norton's success", noting the author's ambivalence, especially given that the cat was given an obituary in People along with "Stanley Kubrick, Joe DiMaggio and King Hussein". Eva Lautemann, of The Library Journal, reviewed the book saying, "This bittersweet story of a cat who teaches their human friend lessons in loving and coping with illness is essential for all public libraries.
External links
School Library Journal
References
Scottish Fold
Scottish novels
American memoirs
American autobiographical novels
Novels about cats
2001 British novels
Singapore is a 1947 American film noir crime romance film directed by John Brahm and starring Fred MacMurray and Ava Gardner. The film was remade as Istanbul (1957) with the location moved to Turkey, and Errol Flynn and Cornell Borchers in the starring roles.
Plot
Pearl smuggler Matt Gordon (Fred MacMurray) finds romance with Linda Grahame (Ava Gardner) just before the start of World War II. They propose to her, and they accept. However, when the Japanese attack Singapore, the church where they are waiting to marry them is bombed; Gordon searches frantically in the wreckage, but cannot find them  They are forced to sail away on their schooner.
With the end of the war, Gordon returns after five years, and is met by Deputy Commissioner Hewitt (Richard Haydn), who is convinced they have returned for a hidden cache of pearls. So are Gordon's old criminal associates, Mr. Mauribus (Thomas Gomez) and their underling Sascha Barda (George Lloyd). Mauribus offers to buy the pearls, but Gordon denies they have any.
Then, to their shock, Gordon sees Linda, but they do not remember them or anything prior to waking up in a hospital during the war. After spending years together in a prison camp with plantation owner Michael Van Leyden (Roland Culver), and now known as Ann, they married him. Gordon tries to help them remember their past, but to no avail. They do, however, go to see Linda's pre-war servant, Ming Ling (Maylia). Ming Ling recognizes her, but Linda's memories are still blocked.
Giving up, Gordon retrieves the pearls from their old hotel room, and hides them in the luggage of the current occupants, American tourists Mr. and Mrs. Bellows (Porter Hall and Spring Byington). Hewitt questions and searches them after seeing them exit the room, but discovers nothing. However, they inform Gordon that Ann Van Leyden is missing.
Gordon goes to Mauribus. They deceive Mauribus and Sascha into believing that Linda double-crossed them and has the pearls. They take him, at gunpoint, to them They pull out a gun taped to their ankle, and dispatches the two crooks. In the excitement, Ann is knocked unconscious. Gordon takes them back to their husband.
The blow restores Ann's memories.  They are willing to resume their life with Michael, but they confess they knew all about their past. With their happiness in mind, they drive them to the airport. When they arrive, not only is Gordon's luggage thoroughly searched, but so are the bags of the Bellows. Giving up, they tell Hewitt where the pearls are. Hewitt lets them board the aircraft, which takes off just before Linda arrives. Spotting her, Hewitt has the aircraft return, and Ann runs out onto the tarmac to meet it.
Cast
Fred MacMurray as Matt Gordon
Ava Gardner as Linda
Roland Culver as Michael Van Leyden
Richard Haydn as Deputy Hewitt
Spring Byington as Mrs. Bellows
Thomas Gomez as Mr. Mauribus
Porter Hall as Mr. Bellows
George Lloyd as Sascha Barda
Maylia as Ming Ling
Holmes Herbert as Rev. Barnes
Edith Evanson as Mrs. Barnes
Frederick Worlock as Cadum
Lal Chand Mehra as Mr. Hussein
Curt Conway as Pepe (as Kurt Conway)
Production
Principal photography on Singapore took place from February 26 to late April 1947, primarily in and around Palmdale, California.
Reception
Critical response
The New York Times film critic Bosley Crowther was merciless in their review, "Ava Gardner is sultry and empty-headed as the script demands. Mr. MacMurray doesn't ever appear to have their heart in what they are doing, and Spring Byington and Porter Hall as the tourists from the Midwest conduct themselves in the time-honored fashion that is supposed to denote slightly-addled American transients. 'Singapore' is a pretty poor excuse for an entertainment, even as minor league jewel-smuggling fare."
Film historian Leonard Maltin, however, considered the film, "... (an) alluring drama of trader/pearl smuggler MacMurray returning to Singapore after a five-year absence, recalling their previous romantic relationship with Gardner. They think they were killed during a Japanese bombing attack, but they really are a victim of amnesia. The characters in this seem to be very loosely modeled after those in Casablanca".
Film critic Dennis Schwartz was also more positive in their later review. They wrote, "John Brahm (The Lodger/Hangover Square/The Locket) directs with flair an exotic thriller inspired by Casablanca. It was remade in 1957 as Istanbul with Errol Flynn ... There's a Casablanca-like ending at the airport, with the chief inspector showing they have a heart and that true love between the adventurers can't be denied no matter what. The thriller had fine production values, terrific atmosphere, and Ava and MacMurray were in great form."
References
Notes
Bibliography
Gardner, Ava. Ava: My Story. New York: Bantam, 1990. .
Maltin, Leonard. Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide 2009. New York: New American Library, 2009 (originally published as TV Movies, then Leonard Maltin's Movie & Video Guide), First edition 1969, published annually since 1988. .
External links
1947 films
1947 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
American black-and-white films
Film noir
Films about amnesia
Films directed by John Brahm
Films scored by Daniele Amfitheatrof
Films set in Singapore
Universal Pictures films
American war drama films
1940s war drama films
American World War II films
Romantic crime films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The Skopje-Veles dialect (, ) is a member of the central subgroup of the Western group of dialects of Macedonian. The dialect is spoken by a larger group of people in the cities Skopje and Veles and in the surrounding villages: Volkovo, Katlanovo, Petrovec and Čaška among others. This dialect is of historical importance for Macedonian because it is considered by many to be a prestige dialect. On August 2, 1945, the Skopje-Veles dialect, together with the other dialects of the central group was officially regulated as a basis of standard Macedonian. Many Macedonian writers and linguists were writing on this dialect and considered it to be standard Macedonian. One of them was Krste Petkov Misirkov and in their book For Macedonian affairs wrote that this dialect should be standard Macedonian. They have been writing on Skopje-Veles dialect and on Prilep-Bitola dialect.
Internal migration to the capital Skopje in the 1950s and 1960s led to the development of a new, urban slang where newly arrived people attempted to incorporate elements of the Skopje-Veles dialect into their own speech, often confusing local elements with those from Serbo-Croatian. Language contact with Serbo-Croatian, then a more prestigious language in SFR Yugoslavia, also reached its height during this period. This variety has been described as a "creolized form of Serbian" (cf. also Surzhyk in Ukraine, Trasianka in Belarus) and is distinct from the 'authentic' Skopje-Veles dialect.
Phonological characteristics
use of instead of the archaic : () > (; 'fear');
emphasis mostly on the antepenultimate syllable in Veles, and less in Skopje;
use of the hard (palatal) l;
use of intervocal : (; 'man');
use of the hard sound њ (nj) (in the other dialects of the central group this sound is soft);
use of the letter ќ and ѓ (in the others dialects of the central group the cluster јќ and јѓ is found): () – (; 'house').
Morphological characteristics
use of the preposition во (vo) or в (v);
use of the grammatical construction have + past participle: (; 'I have worked');
use of three articles.
Examples of the Skopje-Veles dialect
The poem "A voice from Macedonia" by Kole Nedelkovski is probably one of the most famous texts written in the Skopje-Veles dialect.
Skopje dialect
Veles dialect
References
See also
Macedonian language
Macedonian dialects
Dialects of the Macedonian language
The Royal Devon Yeomanry was a Yeomanry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1920. It participated in the Second World War and now forms a squadron of the Royal Wessex Yeomanry.
History
Formation
Following the experience of the First World War, it was decided that only the fourteen most senior yeomanry regiments would be retained as horsed cavalry, with the rest being transferred to other roles. As a result, on 7 June 1920, the Royal 1st Devon Yeomanry was amalgamated with the Royal North Devon Yeomanry to form the Royal Devon Yeomanry and simultaneously transferred to the Royal Artillery to form 11th (Devon) Army Brigade, RFA.
Pre war
The brigade / regiment underwent a number of redesignations before the outbreak of Second World War. In 1921 it was renumbered and regained its yeomanry title as 96th (Devon Yeomanry) Army Brigade, RFA and in 1922 became 96th (Devonshire Yeomanry) Army Brigade, RFA. In 1923 it regained its royal title as 96th (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Brigade, RFA. Another title change came in 1924 as the Royal Field Artillery was reamalgamated back into the Royal Artillery and the regiment became 96th (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Field Brigade, RA. The final change came in 1938 as artillery brigades became regiments, hence 96th (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Field Regiment, RA. In 1939, the Territorial Army was duplicatedexisting units formed a second unit. 96th (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Field Regiment, RA formed 142nd (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Field Regiment, RA.
Second World War
Field regiments were organised in 1938 into two 12-gun batteries. The experience of the BEF in 1940 showed the problem with this organisation: field regiments were intended to support an infantry brigade of three battalions. This could not be managed without severe disruption to the regiment. As a result, field regiments were reorganised into three 8-gun batteries.
96th (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Field Regiment, RA
96th Field Regiment served in the Home Forces for most of the war, moving to India in January 1945.
At the outbreak of the war, 96th Field Regiment was part of 45th Division. Initially commanding two batteries381 from Torverton and 382 from Totnesthe third battery (469) was formed in the regiment at Knottingley in December 1940.
It transferred to 61st Division in June 1944 before being posted to India. In the Far East, it supported 81st (West Africa) Division and 25th Indian Division in preparation for Operation Zipper.
142nd (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Field Regiment, RA
142nd Field Regiment also initially served in the Home Forces, before moving to Sicily and Italy from July 1943.
At the outbreak of the war, 142nd Field Regiment was also part of 45th Division. Initially commanding two batteries383 from Torrington and 384 from South Moltonthe third battery (506) was formed in the regiment at Bircotes on 5 November 1940. It was authorised to use the "Royal Devon Yeomanry" designation from 17 February 1942.
142nd Field Regiment fought in Sicily from July 1943 and in Italy thereafter under command of 8th Army, taking part in most of the major actions of that campaign including the landings in Sicily and Anzio and the Battle of Monte Cassino. The regiment was armed with Bishop self-propelled guns during the Sicilian campaign and part of the Italian campaign but in early 1944 was re equipped with the American M7 Priest self-propelled gun. For its support to the Canadian Division it was awarded the right to wear the Maple Leaf of Canada.
Post war
Both regiments were reformed in 1947 as 296th (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Field Regiment, RA (at Exeter in 43rd (Wessex) Division) and 342nd (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Medium Regiment, RA (at Taunton in 91st Army Group Royal Artillery. In 1950, 342nd Medium Regiment was amalgamated into 296th Field Regiment and in 1956 the regiment also absorbed 256th (Wessex) Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment, RA. 296th Field Regiment survived until 1967.
On 1 April 1967 the regiment was amalgamated with the 4th Battalion, The Devonshire Regiment to form The Devonshire Territorials (Royal Devon Yeomanry/The 1st Rifle Volunteers). In the process it was reduced to squadron strength as "A" Squadron. This had a brief, two year, existence and throughout that time was kept very short of equipment and training time. It was reduced to cadre in 1969.
With a change of government policy, in 1971 the Territorials were again reformed, and on 1 April a new regiment was born incorporating three old and distinguished cavalry regiments. "A" and "C" Squadrons were formed from the Royal Gloucestershire Hussars, "B" Squadron from the Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry, and "D" Squadron from the old Royal Devon Yeomanry. The regiment is called the Royal Wessex Yeomanry.
The Royal Devon Yeomanry now serves as D (Royal Devon Yeomanry) Squadron, Royal Wessex Yeomanry based in North Devon (Barnstaple) and South Devon (Paignton). It provides trained replacement crewmen for the Regular Army's Challenger 2 Main Battle Tank.
Regimental museum
The Royal Devon Yeomanry Museum is incorporated in the Museum of Barnstaple and North Devon in The Square, Barnstaple.
Battle honours
The Royal Devon Yeomanry inherited the combined battle honours of the Royal 1st Devon Yeomanry and of the Royal North Devon Yeomanry (honours in bold are emblazoned on the regimental colours):
Honorary Colonels
1967–1968: Peter Acland
1968–1984: Lewis Hugh Clifford, 13th Baron Clifford of Chudleigh
1984–1992: Sir John Acland
See also
Yeomanry
List of British Army Yeomanry Regiments converted to Royal Artillery
References
Bibliography
Gen Sir Martin Farndale, History of the Royal Regiment of Artillery: The Years of Defeat: Europe and North Africa, 1939–1941, Woolwich: Royal Artillery Institution, 1988/London: Brasseys, 1996, .
Norman E.H. Litchfield, The Territorial Artillery 1908–1988 (Their Lineage, Uniforms and Badges), Nottingham: Sherwood Press, 1992, .
Titles and Designations of Formations and Units of the Territorial Army, London: War Office, 7 November 1927 (RA sections also summarised in Litchfield, Appendix IV).
External links
British Army units from 1945 on
Land Forces of Britain, the Empire and Commonwealth – Regiments.org (archive site)
Royal Artillery 1939–1945
Graham Watson, The Territorial Army 1947
Yeomanry regiments of the British Army
Military units and formations in Devon
Military units and formations established in 1920
Leonard David Stein (December 1, 1916 – June 24, 2004) was a musicologist, pianist, conductor, university teacher, and influential in promoting contemporary music on the American West Coast. They were for years Arnold Schoenberg's assistant, music director of the Schoenberg Institute at USC, and among the foremost authorities on Schoenberg's music. They were also an influential teacher in the lives of many younger composers, such as the influential minimalist La Monte Young.
Life
Stein studied piano under the Busoni disciple Richard Buhlig at Los Angeles City College, and composition and theory under Schoenberg at University of Southern California (1935–36) and University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) (BA: 1939, MM: 1941, MA: 1942). Stein was an assistant to Schoenberg at UCLA from 1939 until Schoenberg's retirement in 1942. Thereafter until Schoenberg's death nine years later Stein was their personal assistant, working closely with Schoenberg on the editing of their scores, and later, completing four of Schoenberg's posthumously published theoretical writings pertaining to counterpoint, harmony, and composition, including an extended compilation to the second edition (1975) of Schoenberg's thought (Style and Idea). Lawrence Schoenberg, the youngest of Schoenberg's children, considered Stein the most important advocate of Schoenberg's music.
Stein later returned to the University of Southern California for post-graduate studies, receiving a DMA in 1965 with a dissertation titled The Performance of Twelve-Tone and Serial Music for the Piano, which included analyses of important piano works by Schoenberg, Anton Webern, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Pierre Boulez, and others. Beginning in 1946 they taught at Occidental College, Los Angeles City College, Pomona College, UCLA, University of California, San Diego, California State University, Dominguez Hills, and primarily at the California Institute of the Arts, and what is now Claremont Graduate University.
Highly regarded among peers and composers, such as Igor Stravinsky, Robert Craft, and Pierre Boulez, Stein's pedagogy, which stems directly from the teachings of Schoenberg, was a historical turning point in the cross fertilization of European art music in the development of mid-to late 20th-century music in America. For their students, .
Stein created and directed the Encounters concert series in 1960 with Olivier Messiaen, Pierre Boulez, Karlheinz Stockhausen, and John Cage in attendance. Described as "legendary" in a 2009 Los Angeles Times article by Josef Woodard, John Harbison composed a work of thirteen pieces for piano as a tribute to Stein, based on word permutations of Stein's name, entitled Leonard Stein Anagrams, which was premiered by Gloria Cheng at Zipper Hall, Colburn School of Music, on October 13, 2009.
While working as an adjunct professor, Stein was the music director of the Schoenberg Institute at USC from 1975 to 1991, where they played a seminal role in promoting Schoenberg's music and their legacy to the American public by also organizing seminars and performing in concerts devoted to Schoenberg and new music. Stein was also editor of the Journal of the Schoenberg Institute from 1977 to 1991. At their retirement in 1991 Stein was awarded the Phi Kappa Phi Diploma of Honor for Lifetime Achievement. The UC San Diego houses the Leonard Stein Papers, consisting of a collection of their voluminous correspondence with major composers from the late twentieth century, including Ernst Krenek, Elliott Carter, Olivier Messiaen, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Milton Babbitt, György Ligeti, Pierre Boulez, Iannis Xenakis, Luciano Berio, et al. They also toured as a conductor and pianist.
Stein died of natural causes at Providence St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank on June 24, 2004.
Publications
Author
1963. "The Performer's Point of View". Perspectives of New Music 1, no. 2 (Spring): 62–71.
1963. "New Music on Mondays". Perspectives of New Music 2, no. 1 (Autumn–Winter): 142–150.
1965. Stein, Leonard David. The Performance of Twelve-Tone and Serial Music for the Piano. DMA diss. Los Angeles: University of Southern California.
1978. "From Inception to Realization in the Sketches of Schoenberg". In Internationale Schönberg-Gesellschaft: Bericht über den 1. Kongreß der Internationalen Schönberg-Gesellschaft: Vienna, 4.–9. Juni 1974, edited by Rudolf Stephan, 213–27. Publikationen der Internationalen Schönberg-Gesellschaft 1. Vienna: Lafite.
1986. "Schoenberg and 'kleine Modernsky' ". In Confronting Stravinsky: Man, Musician, and Modernist, edited by Jann Pasler, 310–324. Berkeley and Los Angeles: University of California Press. (cloth); (pbk).
1987. "Busoni e Schonberg: op. 11 n. 2 come emblema di un rapporto". In La trascrizione Bach e Busoni: atti del Convegno internazionale (Empoli-Firenze, 23–26 ottobre 1985), edited by Talia Pecker Berio, 105–128. Quaderni della Rivista italiana di musicologia 18. Florence: L.S. Olschki.
Editor
1963. Arnold Schoenberg. Preliminary Exercises in Counterpoint. London: Faber and Faber. Reprinted New York: St. Martin's Press, 1964.
1967. Arnold Schoenberg. Fundamentals of Musical Composition, edited by Gerald Strang, with the collaboration of and an introduction by Leonard Stein. New York: St. Martin's Press. Reprinted London: Faber and Faber, 1970. 9780571092765
1969. Arnold Schoenberg: Structural Functions of Harmony, second edition, with corrections. New York: W. W. Norton; London: Benn. (Norton, cloth); (Norton, pbk); (Benn, cloth); (Benn, pbk).
1972. Arnold Schoenberg. Models for Beginners in Composition: Syllabus, Music Examples, and Glossary, revised edition, Los Angeles: Belmont Music Publishers.
1975. Arnold Schoenberg. Style and Idea, revised edition. New York: St. Martin's Press.
1975. "Schoenberg: Five Statements", edited by Leonard Stein. Perspectives of New Music 14, no. 1 (Fall–Winter): 161–173.
1988. From Pierrot to Marteau: An International Conference and Concert Celebrating the Tenth Anniversary of the Arnold Schoenberg Institute, University of Southern California School of Music, March 14–16, 1987. Los Angeles: Arnold Schoenberg Institute.
Discography
Donald Erb. Music for Instruments and Electronic Sounds: Reconnaissance; In No Strange Land. Reconnaissance performed by Bonnie Douglas, violin; Rand Forbes, double-bass; Ralph Grierson, piano; Kenneth Watson, percussion; Michael Tilson Thomas, Moog synthesizer; Leonard Stein, Moog polyphonic instrument; Donald Erb, conductor. LP recording. 1 sound disc: analog, 33⅓ rpm, stereo.; 12 in. Nonesuch H-71223. New York: Nonesuch Records, 1969.
Arnold Schoenberg. Brettl-Lieder. Marni Nixon, soprano; Leonard Stein, piano. LP recording, 1 disc.; 33⅓ rpm. stereo.; 12 in. RCA Red Seal ARL1-1231. [New York]: RCA Red Seal, 1975.
Hindemith-Gross: Violin Sonatas. Robert Gross, violin; Mike Reese, piano; Leonard Stein, piano. Recorded: New York, New York City Center, 1944 and 1945. LP recording: 1 disc, 33⅓ rpm. mono. TownHall S32. Santa Barbara: TownHall Records, 1982.
Joan La Barbara: Singing Through: Vocal Compositions by John Cage. With William Winant, percussion; Leonard Stein, pianist. CD recording. 1 sound disc: digital; 4¾ in. New Albion Records NA 035. San Francisco: New Albion Records, 1990.
John Cage at Summerstage. Joan La Barbara, soprano; William Winant, percussion; Leonard Stein, piano, whistles, voice, and percussion. Recorded at John Cage's last concert given in New York's Central Park, 23 July 1992. CD recording. 1 sound disc: digital; 4¾ in. Music & Arts CD-875. Berkeley, California: Music & Arts, 1995.
Sources
1916 births
2004 deaths
Los Angeles City College alumni
20th-century classical pianists
American classical pianists
American male pianists
American male conductors (music)
American musicologists
Musicians from Los Angeles
Thornton School of Music alumni
UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture alumni
Pupils of Arnold Schoenberg
20th-century American pianists
20th-century musicologists
Classical musicians from California
20th-century American conductors (music)
20th-century American male musicians
Occidental College faculty
Pomona College faculty
University of California, San Diego faculty
California State University, Dominguez Hills faculty
California Institute of the Arts faculty
Claremont Graduate University faculty
Here, Beneath the North Star () is a 1968 Finnish drama film directed by Edvin Laine. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. The film is based on the first two volumes of Väinö Linna's novel trilogy Under the North Star. The third volume was adapted into a film two years later under the title Akseli and Elina.
Plot
Film begins the founding of the Koskela croft in the 1880s and tells the story of the life of the people of the imaginary Pentinkulma village until about 1920. The central theme is the unstable position of crofters and their goal to improve their living conditions. The rural upper class, such as the priestly family, and the poor people, whose socio-economic status is weaker than that of crofters, also play an important role. The story of the film goes all the way to the end of the Finnish Civil War between the Red Guards (Crofters) and the Whites (Government). The battle scene depicts the Battle of Syrjäntaka.
Cast
Aarno Sulkanen as Akseli Koskela
Titta Karakorpi as Elina Koskela
Risto Taulo as Jussi Koskela
Anja Pohjola as Alma Koskela
Eero Keskitalo as Aleksi Koskela
Paavo Pentikäinen as Aku Koskela
Kauko Helovirta as Otto Kivivuori
Mirjam Novero as Anna Kivivuori
Esa Saario as Janne Kivivuori
Pekka Autiovuori as Oskari Kivivuori
Kalevi Kahra as Adolf Halme
Asta Backman as Emma Halme
Rose-Marie Precht as Ellen Salpakari
Matti Ranin as Lauri Salpakari
References
External links
1968 films
1968 drama films
Finnish drama films
1960s Finnish-language films
Films directed by Edvin Laine
Films based on Finnish novels
Films based on works by Väinö Linna
San Pelayo is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
See also
San Pelayo, Gandara, Samar, Philippines
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - San Pelayo
San Pelayo official website
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
Sea-Land or Sealand can refer to either:
Sea-Land Service, container shipping company
Sealand, North Sea micronation
Seeland Records, record company named for Sealand
Rånrike's Saevo mountain range, translated as "sea land"
See also Zealand, the largest island in Denmark.
The 3rd Florida Infantry Regiment was formed near Pensacola, Florida, in July, 1861. Its companies were recruited in the counties of St. Johns, Hernando, Jefferson, Duval, Wakulla, Madison, Columbia, and Suwannee. The unit served along the coast at Talbot Island and Cedar Keys, then moved to Mobile. After fighting at Perryville it was assigned to Preston's, Stovall's, Finley's, J.A. Smith's Brigade, and during December, 1862, consolidated with the 1st Florida Infantry Regiment. The 1st and 3rd were engaged at Murfreesboro and Jackson, then participated in the campaigns of the Army of Tennessee from Chickamauga to Bentonville. It was organized with 950 officers and men, and the 1st and 3rd lost twenty-six percent of the 23 in action at Chickamauga. In December, 1863, this command totalled 240 men and 119 arms, but only a remnant surrendered in April, 1865. The field officers were Colonel William S. Dilworth; Lieutenant Colonels Lucius A. Church, Elisha Mashburn, and Arthur J.T. Wright; and Major John L. Phillips.
Companies
Engagements and Battles
1862
New Smyrna (Companies E & H were involved)
Skirmish of the Brick Church
Kentucky Campaign
Battle of Perryville
1863
Battle of Murfreesboro
Vicksburg Campaign
Siege of Jackson
Battle of Chickamauga
Battles for Chattanooga
1864
Atlanta Campaign
Battle of New Hope Church
Battle of Atlanta
Battle of Ezra Church
Siege of Atlanta
Battle of Spring Hill
Battle of Franklin
Battle of Nashville
1865
Carolinas Campaign
Battle of Bentonville
See also
Florida Civil War Confederate Units
References
eHistory Archive
Civil War Soldiers and Sailor System
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Florida
1861 establishments in Florida
Ken Eto (衛藤 健 Etō Ken; October 19, 1919 – January 23, 2004), also known as Tokyo Joe and "The Jap", was a Japanese-American mobster with the Chicago Outfit and eventually an FBI informant who ran Asian gambling operations for the organization. They were the highest-ranking Asian-American in the organization and is also notable for their extraordinary survival of a murder attempt.
Career
Eto was born in Stockton, California. Eto had an eighth grade education. The last school Eto attended was Virgil Junior High School in Los Angeles, California. On July 1, 1941, Eto registered for the selective service in Seattle, Washington. Eto's selective service registration card states their home address was 306 6th Ave S, Seattle, Washington and they were employed as a farmer laborer.
During World War II, Eto was interned at Minidoka War Relocation Center due to Executive Order 9066. They were arrested in 1942 for violating wartime curfew at the camp.
Eto was detained at the Minidoka War Relocation Center from August 16, 1942, until March 19, 1943.
In 1947, Eto worked as a self-employed gambler in Chicago, Illinois. In 1949, Eto worked as a casino dealer at the Oriental Club in Denver, Colorado.
In 1949 they moved to Chicago, where they set up an illegal gambling racket known as "bolito" and was managing from $150,000 to $200,000 a week, including $3,000 a week in payoffs to corrupt Chicago police.
On August 1, 1949, Eto flew from Honolulu, Hawaii to San Francisco, California aboard United Airline flight 648. The passenger manifest for this flight, states Eto's home address was 1234 North Clark Street, Chicago, Illinois.
Prison
On October 11, 1950, Eto was sentenced in Bannock County, Idaho by Judge Issac McDougall to 14 year imprisonment for Obtaining Money Under False Pretenses. Eto's accomplice was Edwin Tetsuro So.
Eto's signed statement concerning the details of this crime and legal proceedings states:
"On April 12, 1950, REDACTED and myself bought what we thought were 50 cars of opium. We paid $14,000 for it. REDACTED put up $5,000.00. I put up $5,000.00, and REDACTED put up $4,000.00. After we bought it, we found out it was not opium. REDACTED made a complaint after they found out the stuff was no good. They thought that REDACTED and myself had deliberately obtained money from them for stuff that we knew was no good. That is where the charge of obtaining money under false pretenses comes in. REDACTED and myself thought it really was opium when we bought it. I pleaded not guilty on advice of my lawyer. This took place in Pocatello, Idaho. I immediately left for Chicago after this deal was made. I was brought back to Idaho sometime in March 1950. REDACTED was also tried and sentenced to the Penitentiary, and appealed the case. On September 12, 1951, Eto was released on parole from prison.
Survival of a murder attempt
Eto's gambling operation was eventually uncovered by the FBI, and Outfit capo Vincent Solano was afraid that Eto would turn government witness. On February 10, 1983, a few weeks prior to sentencing on their gambling conviction, they were invited to a dinner meeting. Afraid they were going to be shot, they took a bath and put on their best suit before heading out for the meeting. As they were sitting in a parked car, hitmen Jasper Campise and John Gattuso fired three shots into their head; however, the bullets only grazed their skull. After regaining consciousness, they dragged themselves into a local pharmacy and called "911". The 911 recording was played on WBBM-TV, with the call taker demanding to speak to Eto and then asking them if they could drive themselves to a hospital. Eventually, a Chicago Fire Department ambulance was sent for him. The failed attempt on Eto's life was blamed on an insufficient amount of gunpowder in the bullet cartridges. The two gunmen had handloaded their own ammunition to reduce their chances of being traced to Eto's murder.
Turned informant
Eto agreed to only work with FBI agent Elaine Smith and turn informant for the FBI. After their trial, they entered the Witness Protection Program. On July 14, 1983, about five months after the unsuccessful hit, the bodies of Eto's would-be killers were found in the trunk of a car in suburban Naperville, Illinois; the men had been strangled. The FBI stated after the failed murder attempt, they went to Campise and Gattuso and offered to place them in Witness Protection if they testified as to who ordered the killing, but both stated that they were in no danger. Eto testified in court against their former mob partners and helped put away fifteen Outfit mobsters and their associates, including corrupt police officers.
Ken Eto died in Georgia in 2004 at the age of 84, living under the name Joe Tanaka. They left behind six children.
A documentary on them was made by Ken'ichi Oguri.
References
External links
FBI files on Ken Eto
1919 births
2004 deaths
Chicago Outfit mobsters
American gangsters
People who entered the United States Federal Witness Protection Program
Federal Bureau of Investigation informants
American people of Japanese descent
Japanese-American internees
The 2019–20 season is Godoy Cruz's 13th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina, Copa de la Superliga and Copa Libertadores.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Godoy Cruz had signed five players by 15 June 2019. Gabriel Alanís was the first name through the door, with the left midfielder joining on 27 May from relegated Belgrano; who they'd also sign Juan Brunetta from on 15 June. Four days prior, on 11 June, the club announced a trio of signings in Sebastián Lomonaco (Arsenal de Sarandí), Joaquín Mateo (Gimnasia y Tiro) and Leandro Vella (Instituto). On 15 June, Brian Alferez agreed a loan move away to Mendoza's Gimnasia y Esgrima (M). Godoy Cruz returned to action with a double-header against their reserves on 22 June, subsequently having a victory and a draw; with Brunetta scoring on debut in the former. Leandro Lencinas, a winger, and Agustín Verdugo, a central midfielder, departed to second tier club Mitre on 25 June.
Luciano Abecasis followed Lencinas and Verdugo out the exit on 26 June, penning terms with Lanús. The transfer of Ángel González to Estudiantes was agreed on 27 June, though would be subject to a medical and contract terms. Néstor Breitenbruch returned to their homeland after a season in Mexican football on 28 June, sealing a deal with Godoy Cruz to become their sixth newcomer. Their third friendly encounter, on 29 June, ended in a draw with Patronato. A second match with them was also played, with Agustín Manzur scoring to give Godoy Cruz a win. Numerous loans from the previous campaign officially expired on and around 30 June. 1 July saw Victorio Ramis leave on loan to Argentinos Juniors. Fernando Núñez headed off to second tier Sarmiento on 2 July.
Godoy Cruz suffered their first loss of pre-season on 3 July to Unión Santa Fe, though won the follow-up encounter thanks to goals from Miguel Merentiel and recent acquisition Joaquín Mateo. Ángel González's departure to Estudiantes was officialised on 6 July. Diego Sosa had a move to Argentinos Juniors confirmed on 6 July. Godoy Cruz lost twice to Newell's Old Boys in friendlies on 6 July. Facundo Cobos switched Argentina for Paraguay on 4 July, after agreeing a contract with Sol de América. Diego Viera officially did likewise on 8 July, after penning with Libertad during the preceding May. Godoy Cruz fought Mendoza-based Gimnasia y Esgrima in exhibition games on 11 July, avoiding defeat across two matches that saw Richard Prieto and Ezequiel Bullaude score.
July
Godoy Cruz progressed through the Copa Argentina round of thirty-two on 14 July, defeating Huracán in a penalty shoot-out that followed a 1–1 draw in normal time. Godoy hosted Palmeiras of Brazil's Série A in the Copa Libertadores round of sixteen on 23 July, as they surrendered a two-goal lead to end the first leg tied at 2–2. Days after, Dorados de Sinaloa announced the incoming of Danilo Ortiz from Godoy. On 27 July, the club lost to San Lorenzo in a five-goal thriller to open their Primera División campaign; debuting youngster Tomás Badaloni netted their first. Paraguayan centre-back Miguel Jacquet arrived at Godoy Cruz from Nacional on 29 July. Godoy fell to a 4–0 loss at Allianz Parque to Palmeiras on 30 July, as they exited the competition at the round of sixteen.
August
Arsenal de Sarandí condemned Godoy to their second league defeat in as many games on 5 August, as their opponents won by two goals at the Estadio Malvinas Argentinas. Godoy Cruz beat Deportivo Maipú in a friendly on 9 August, with the follow-up encounter ending goalless. Enzo Suraci went to Independiente Rivadavia on 13 August. 15 August saw Lucas Agüero depart on loan to All Boys. Atlético Tucumán defeated Godoy on 19 August in the Primera División, with a strike from Bruno Bianchi condemning them to their third straight league loss. Lucas Bernardi was subsequently sacked as manager, with Javier Patalano coming in as their replacement; Patalano had been reserve team manager. They won their first match in charge, as they beat Estudiantes on 25 August.
Godoy suffered their fifth overall defeat of 2019–20 on 31 August, as Racing Club secured a 3–1 win at the Estadio Presidente Juan Domingo Perón.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
In June, it was announced that Godoy Cruz would face league rivals Patronato (29 June), Unión Santa Fe (3 July) and Newell's Old Boys (6 July) in pre-season friendlies in Paraná, Santa Fe and Rosario. They would face their reserve team twice in the week preceding the Patronato encounter. Gimnasia y Esgrima of Mendoza were also an opponent of Godoy's.
Mid-season
Godoy played Deportivo Maipú in a mid-season match on 9 August.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Huracán were Godoy Cruz's opponents in the round of thirty-two of the Copa Argentina, with the tie to be played at the, as is customary, neutral venue of the Estadio Presidente Perón in Córdoba.
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Libertadores
Godoy Cruz were drawn to face Campeonato Brasileiro Série A outfit Palmeiras in the Copa Libertadores round of sixteen.
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 1 September 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba seasons
Godoy Cruz
Talas (, ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Karatau.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
Riverside High School is a four-year secondary institution in Jacksonville, Florida. It was originally named after Confederate States of America general Robert E. Lee. Located in the Riverside and Avondale neighborhood, it is the second oldest high school in Jacksonville operating at its original location, after its traditional rival, Andrew Jackson High School. The name was changed to Riverside High School in 2021.
Riverside is part of the Duval County magnet school program. Eligible students at the school can earn concurrent credit through the Jacksonville Early College High School program. They receive high school credits from the school and college credit from Florida State College at Jacksonville (F.S.C.J) for the same courses.
Riverside students can also specialize in courses through the Engineering Academy or the Math and Science Magnet Program. In addition, there is a Liberal Arts curriculum. The Early College, Engineering, Math and Science, plus Liberal Arts courses of study are known as the school's four learning communities.
Riverside is one of 20 high schools in the Duval County Public Schools. Riverside, like all other district schools, is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
History
Architect Victor Earl Mark (1876–1948) designed Lee High School with William B. Ittner of St. Louis in 1926–27. Both architects also designed the similarly designed Andrew Jackson High School.
The school was dedicated to confederate general Robert E. Lee on their birthday, January 19, 1928. Jacksonville's three newly constructed high schools—Lee High, Andrew Jackson High, and Julia E. Landon High (named for a South Jacksonville teacher)—spread out students from the city's original whites-only high school, Duval High School (c. 1873–1927). Black students at the time attended Stanton High School, which moved to a new facility in 1953.
The main structure is notable for its beige bricks and top floor off-white stucco. It is framed by four gabled transepts, which in turn are framed by ground-to-roof stacks of alternating small and large cornerstones. The top floor stucco of the four transepts feature a coat of arms, in which a central figure reaches for a star on the left, while a tree occupies the right side. Also unique are the two front arch doorways, which sport an impressive amount of "radiating" stonework.
The main building has an auditorium and a large courtyard. A field house was added between the stadium and the back of the school in the 1940s. Later, a first floor addition on the original structure's right side accommodated a meeting room, a cafeteria expansion, and the boys' locker room. The basketball gym was built to the right of the school, and the shop and music buildings were located behind the original building to the left at end of Donald Street.
Around 1964, the school board converted Landon High School to a junior high school. This made Lee and Jackson the two oldest Jacksonville high schools operating at their original sites.
In 1965, a group of Lee students formed the band My Backyard. The band, led by singer Ronnie Van Zant, was renamed Lynyrd Skynyrd after coach Leonard Skinner sent guitarist Gary Rossington to the principal's office for wearing their hair long.
Lee underwent two desegregation cycles, with faculty integrated from 1968–71, then students in the 1971–72 school year.
In the early 1980s, the school constructed an outdoor pool between the gym and the original building. Before that time, the swim teams trained at the Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd Pool, located about a mile north. Lee Pool is used by the athletic teams and physical education classes during the school year. In the summer, it becomes a free public pool operated by the City of Jacksonville Parks & Recreation Department.
On November 24, 1986, Lee was ravaged by a fire that destroyed the library and many classrooms. The fire damage was estimated at $4.5 million. After the fire, the Robert E. Lee High School Restoration Committee was formed by Lee alumni to help raise money for restoration.
The cafeteria and the library were expanded during the restoration. In 1991, a new two-floor classroom building was built behind the original structure to accommodate the addition of Ninth Grade. Lee had been a three-year high school since its opening in 1927. Part of the old shop building was torn down to make way for the new two-floor building. The field house was also expanded in 1991.
Lee was one of 11 schools nationwide selected by the College Board for inclusion in the 2006-10 EXCELerator School Improvement Model program. The educational partnership, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, was designed to raise Lee's graduation rate and improve college readiness, especially among minority and low income students.
In 2010, Lee's engineering magnet program was recognized as a Model Academy by the National Career Academy Coalition (NCAC). Only 16 schools in the United States have earned this title.
The engineering program also earned two honors from the Florida Engineering Society (FES). Jeffrey G. Cumber was recognized as the 2010 Teacher of the Year, and Lee won the School of the Year title. Cumber and Lee High School respectively received $500 checks from the affiliated Florida Engineering Foundation (FEF).
Architecture
The campus reflects the Open Air architectural values of the Progressive Education Movement (1875–1955). The Progressives felt that schools should resemble the outdoors as much as possible. The numerous windows bring in a lot of natural light. So, the original building is less dependent on artificial lighting. This is one of the "green" advantages of historic buildings.
The original building's courtyard, roomy stairwells, and ample hallways give students a healthy amount of physical space. Before air conditioning was installed in the late 1980s, the natural ventilation helped the school "breathe." Students found the air temperature very comfortable from October to April. Lee was also given radiators for the winter. September and May were the only months when the heat and humidity were a consideration. The Open Air Style was a reaction to the dark, crowded, and poorly ventilated buildings that plagued poor school districts.
Claim to the oldest high school in Jacksonville
Riverside, and Andrew Jackson are the two oldest Jacksonville high schools still operating at their original sites, with Stanton the oldest overall continuing secondary education institution in Jacksonville, starting as a Freedmen's Bureau-run school in 1868 for Black students. That facility moved from its original West Ashley Street Building to a new West 13th Street building in 1953.
Renaming
The school name was the source of considerable controversy as many found the use of the confederate general's name to be a symbol of white supremacy. By 2021 the school district's board of education began considering giving the school a different name. As a result, some residents argued against renaming. There was an online petition that, by March 25, 2021, got over 15,000 signatures asking for a name change.
In April 2021, Amy Donofrio, a Riverside teacher who co-founded a program promoting juvenile justice, EVAC Movement, was asked to take down a Black Lives Matter sign in their classroom. After complaining that the timing was retaliation for live streaming white members of community meetings making "questionable comments" about the name change, they were administratively reassigned. The Southern Poverty Law Center has filed a lawsuit against Duval County Public Schools.
The Duval County School Board decided on June 1, 2021, by a 5-2 vote, to rename Robert E. Lee High School "Riverside High School." The school board estimated renaming costs to be $366,302, with the Jacksonville Jaguars and Nike coming forward to pay for the change for the school's uniforms and other related items. The name change became official on August 3, 2021, seven days before the start of the 2021–2022 school year.
Enrollment
Total enrollment rose from 954 the first year to about 2000 in the 1950s. It generally declined to about 1,200 in the late 70s. It reached a low of 777 during the 1990–91 school year. After the incorporation of ninth grade in 1991–92, the total number of students slowly rose to a high of 1900 in the 2005-06 year. As of February 2011, a total of 1,732 students attended Lee.
The racial composition of the school has varied since full integration of Duval County began in the 1971–72 school year. Robert E. Lee became a majority Black school in the late 1980s. Then, it was majority White during the years 1991–96. It has been majority Black since 1996–97.
A total of 1829 students attended during the 2008–09 school year. Of that total, 63.6% were black, 23.3% were white, 6.5% were Hispanic, and 4.5% were Asian. One student was Native American and 36 were of unspecified ethnicity. The number of Asian students surpassed 50 in the 1992-93 year, but the group has fluctuated between a high of 82 and a low of 44.
Feeder schools
Westside Middle School
Ortega
John Stockton
Venetia
Eugene Butler/YMLA/YWLA Middle School
Central Riverside
S.P. Livingston
Ruth Upson
West Jacksonville
John Gorrie Junior High School (Former feeder school)
Lake Shore Middle School
Bayview
Fishweir
Hyde Park
Ortega
Pinedale
John Stockton
Ramona
Ruth Upson
Venetia
West Riverside
Springfield Middle School
(Magnet school is fed by all other magnet elementary schools.)
Athletics
The Generals have won 15 FHSAA state championships. The following sports are offered at Riverside:
Boys Cross Country
State champs - 1947-1949 and 1967
Boys Golf
Cheerleading
Football
Girls Bowling
Girls Golf
Swimming and Diving
Volleyball
Boys Basketball
State champs - 1930 and 1940
Girls Basketball
Boys Soccer
Girls Soccer
Girls Weightlifting
Slow Pitch Softball
Wrestling
Baseball
State champs - 1945 and 1961
Boys Tennis
Girls Tennis
Boys Track
State champs - 1930, 1937 and 1943-1947
Girls Track
Fast Pitch Softball
Girls Flag Football
Lacrosse
Girls Lacrosse
Notable alumni
Hoyt Axton, singer, songwriter, actor played football at Oklahoma State
Catie Ball, Olympic swimmer
Don Barnes, member of the band 38 Special
Edgar Bennett, Florida State University and Green Bay Packers running back, wide receivers coach Las Vegas Raiders
Randall Berg, public interest lawyer, former president of the Florida chapter of the ACLU
Don Bessent, Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher
LeRoy Butler, Hall of Fame and four-time All-Pro NFL safety for the Green Bay Packers
Ander Crenshaw, Representative for the 4th district of Florida
Celso de Mello, 1963-1964 AFS exchange student from Brazil, Senior Justice Supreme Federal Court
Clarence Denmark, Winnipeg Blue Bombers (CFL) Slotback
Sheck Exley, pioneering cave diver
Ken Fallin, caricaturist for the Wall Street Journal
Stetson Kennedy, author, folklorist, human rights activist
Earl Leggett, Chicago Bears tackle
Angelo Liteky, chaplain in Vietnam, Medal of Honor recipient, later renounced
Allen Lynch, economist
Members of the band Lynyrd Skynyrd (some attended, but did not graduate).
Mark McCumber, professional golfer
Ron Meeks, defensive coordinator for the Indianapolis Colts
Jessica Morris, actor who has appeared on American soap opera One Life to Live
Stephen Nicholas, National Football League player for the Atlanta Falcons
Corky Rogers, winningest football coach in Florida
Hans Tanzler, former mayor of Jacksonville
Donnie Van Zant, member of the band 38 Special
Harmon Wages, Atlanta Falcons fullback, Gatorade actor
References
External links
Robert E Lee High School Annuals
Official site
Athletics website
High schools in Jacksonville, Florida
Educational institutions established in 1928
Duval County Public Schools
1928 establishments in Florida
Public high schools in Florida
Kentucky Route 49 (KY 49) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
Route description
KY 49 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 150 (US 150) in Bardstown and travels south towards Loretto. It then heads east-southeast concurrent with KY 52 to Lebanon. It splits with KY 52 in Lebanon and goes southeast to Bradfordsville. After that, it terminates in Liberty, at an intersection with KY 70.
History
The road has seen improvements from Bradfordsville to Lebanon in recent years which has made the corridor safer and less curvy.
Major intersections
See also
References
0049
Transportation in Nelson County, Kentucky
Transportation in Marion County, Kentucky
Transportation in Casey County, Kentucky
The Lyon Nunataks () are a group of nunataks lying west of the Grossman Nunataks and northwest of the Behrendt Mountains, in Palmer Land, Antarctica. They include Grossenbacher Nunatak, Holtet Nunatak, Christoph Nunatak and Isakson Nunatak. The group was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Owen R. Lyon, hospital corpsman, U.S. Navy, chief petty officer in charge of Eights Station in 1965.
References
Nunataks of Palmer Land
Sometimes I Don't, But Sometimes I Do is the debut extended play by Canadian country music singer Tyler Joe Miller. It was released on November 6, 2020 through MDM Recordings. It includes the number-one singles "Pillow Talkin'" and "I Would Be Over Me Too", as well as the top-10 singles "Fighting", and "Sometimes I Do".
Track listing
Charts
Singles
Awards and nominations
Release history
References
2020 EPs
MDM Recordings albums
Richard Leslie "Richie" Morgan (born 3 October 1946) is a former Welsh professional footballer and manager.
Career
Born in Cardiff, Morgan was playing for Cardiff Corinthians before signing for Cardiff City in 1966. The majority of their time playing at Ninian Park was spent as understudy to club stalwart Don Murray. While at Cardiff, Morgan also played alongside their brother Peter who spent several years at the club before moving to Hereford United. They retired from playing in 1977 and joined the administrative staff at Cardiff.
Following the dismissal of Jimmy Andrews, they were appointed manager of the club in November 1978. They brought in several former Cardiff players to join their coaching staff, including Doug Livermore and Brian Harris. Despite spending a large amount of money on players the team struggled and began to fall down the Football League. In November 1981 they were moved upstairs to a role as general manager, working alongside Graham Williams. However, the team's form took a turn for the worse and the club nosedived down the table. Less than three months into the two-tier arrangement, the pair were sacked in February 1982. Morgan later went on to manage Barry Town, helping them to win several league championships.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1946 births
Welsh footballers
Wales under-23 international footballers
Footballers from Cardiff
Cardiff City F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. managers
English Football League players
Living people
Cardiff Corinthians F.C. players
Association football defenders
Welsh football managers
Hannah E. Longshore (May 30, 1819October 19, 1901) was a physician in the United States and the first woman to be appointed to the faculty of a US medical college, at the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania, where they were part of the first graduating class. They then taught at the medical college and later at Pennsylvania Medical University before entering private practice.
Personal life
Hannah E. Myers was born to Samuel Myers and Paulina Oden Myers, a Quaker family in Sandy Spring, Maryland, in 1819. They had six siblings and when they were 14 the family moved to Ohio.
On March 26, 1841, they married Thomas Ellwood Longshore of Philadelphia, who was very supportive of their work. When the couple's two children were young, Longshore suspended their medical studies for six years, but resumed them when their youngest child was four years old.
Two of their sisters, Jane Myers and Mary Frame Myers Thomas, were also physicians having both graduated from Pennsylvania Medical University. Longshore's daughter Lucretia, later Lucretia Longshore Blankenburg, went on to become a proponent of public health measures in Philadelphia.
In 1901, Hannah Longshore died of uremia at 82 in Philadelphia.
Career
Longshore received private medical training from their brother-in-law Prof. Joseph S. Longshore (1809-1879) before being among the first class of ten women graduating in 1851 from the Female Medical College of Pennsylvania, which had been founded by several male doctors including Prof. Longshore. After graduating, they served as "demonstrator of anatomy" at the college for two years, making them the first female faculty member at a US medical college. They taught for a year at the Female Medical College of Pennsylvania, and then taught anatomy at the Pennsylvania Medical University from 1853 to 1857.
During the course of their career, Longshore wrote and gave public talks (titled "Lectures to Women") and, according to their husband, saw approximately 40 patients a day at their clinical practice. At first they found difficulty after opening their practice; other doctors mocked them and pharmacists refused to fulfill their prescriptions - a hardship that they countered by carrying their own medications, thus "pleasing their patients."
Longshore eventually stopped teaching and lecturing in favor of focusing on their practice, where they worked for a further 40 years and retired with a "modest fortune."
References
Further reading
1819 births
1901 deaths
People from Sandy Spring, Maryland
Physicians from Maryland
Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania alumni
19th-century American women physicians
19th-century American physicians
Deaths from kidney disease
Physicians from Philadelphia
Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania faculty
Mapping cone may refer to one of the following two different but related concepts in mathematics:
Mapping cone (topology)
Mapping cone (homological algebra)
Annulobalcis maculatus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae.
Distribution
This marine species is found off the coast of Vietnam.
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 2012
Candace Mwakalyelye is a TV and radio broadcaster and media practitioner.
Early life
Mwakalyelye was born on 8 August 1986. Not much is known about their birthplace and parentage although other sources say they are half Tanzanian and half Zimbabwean.
Career
Mwakalyelye, whose nickname is NdiCandice or Malkia, the Lion Queen, is a TV and radio broadcaster, media practitioner, MC and brand ambassador who is currently based in Zimbabwe. They have worked in Tanzania for broadcasting stations there as well as in the private sector.
They worked for ZiFM from 2012, a radio station in Zimbabwe and left in 2016 before returning in 2018.  They are a winner of various awards including the Megafest National Business Awards - Media and Business Information Personality of the Year (2013), Zimbabwe International Women Awards- Media Professional of the Year (2015).
As an MC, they have hosted the prestigious Zimbabwe Achievers Awards which were held in London.
References
1986 births
Living people
Zimbabwean radio people
People with albinism
The Kawasaki Estrella (called W250 since 2017) is a 249 cc retro standard motorcycle made by Kawasaki since 1992. It has only been available in European and Asian markets. As of 2012, it is only available in Japan. It is a smaller-engine version of the Kawasaki W series. It is popularly used as a bike for modifications and customizations due to its affordable price and classic cafe racer style.
The design of the single-seater model of Kawasaki Estrella is very similar to the Kawasaki model SG 250 1964. This motorcycle was based on a 250-cc engine of the motorcycle manufacturer Meguro, which was taken over by Kawasaki and built including copies of British BSA engines. The design of the two-seater model Gold Star Clubman DBD34 recalls the BSA motorcycle from the 1960s.
References
Sources
External links
Estrella
Motorcycles introduced in 1992
Susan C. Baker is an American molecular virologist and professor at Loyola University Chicago, Illinois. They teach microbiology and immunology within the Loyola Medicine Health System. They received their Ph.D. from Vanderbilt University. Currently, they have 80 publications, dating back to 1987, within each of the following disciplines: microbiology, infectious disease, and infectious disease control to name a few. A list of their publications can be found here.
Research focus
Baker has done extensive research on many diseases, however their ongoing research revolves around Coronaviruses and Kawasaki disease and the pathogenesis of each.
Kawasaki Disease causes inflammation of arterial walls throughout the body. This disease also affects skin, mucous membranes, and the body's lymph nodes. Baker's lab is investigating the possibility of a viral causative agent for the disease. This disease mostly affects children under the age of 5. Causes remain unknown, however it is treatable within days if the symptoms are recognized early enough. If left untreated, it can lead to serious problems for the heart.
Baker has also worked closely with coronaviruses, the causative agent of severe acute respiratory syndrome. These are viruses that affect mostly the upper respiratory and GI tract of humans and are named because of their crown-like appearance under the electron microscope. Currently their lab is using a mouse model to test the function and inhibition of certain proteases involved in coronavirus infection.
Publications
Baker has many published articles, mostly concerning Coronaviruses and Kawasaki Disease. The following are their most recent publications on these topics.
Murine coronavirus ubiquitin-like domain is important for papain-like protease stability and viral pathogenesis
In this study, the function of ubiquitin-like domains (Ubl) is studied. To find the function, structures of papain-like proteases (PLP) and domains of coronaviruses (CoVs) were studied. It was found that an adjacent Ubl domain was present in different CoV domains.
Structural Basis for the Ubiquitin-Linkage Specificity and deISGylating Activity of SARS-CoV Papain-Like Protease
This article shows the basis of the ubiquitin chain of PLpro and gene 15 specificity.
A Study of Cardiovascular miRNA Biomarkers for Kawasaki Disease
This article talks about miRNA and its function in Kawasaki Disease. They were not able to identify the cause for cardiovascular miRNAs in Kawasaki Disease, though this study may guide future studies.
Catalytic Function and Substrate Specificity of the PLpro Domain of nsp3 from the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV)
The article shows that differe coronaviruses work the same way, but are not the same efficiency. The two viruses studied included MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. Though this was an important discovery, neither enzyme can be used as a model to explain the behavior of all CoV PLpros.
Nidovirus papain-like proteases: Multifunctional enzymes with protease, deubiquitinating and deISGylating activities
Coronaviruses and anteriviruses are positive strand RNA viruses. This article informs us on the nature of Nidoviruses and describes the PLP's role in viral pathogenesis.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American virologists
Loyola University Chicago faculty
Vanderbilt University alumni
American immunologists
Women virologists
Women immunologists
Chrysippus () was the name of several Greek people:
Mythical
Chrysippus of Elis (or of Pisa), illegitimate son of Pelops abducted by Laius
Chrysippus, a son of Aegyptus killed by the Danaid Chrysippe
Chrysippus, a son of Aeolus
Chrysippus, eponymous founder of Chrysippa in Cilicia (Stephanus of Byzantium s. v. Χρύσιππα)
see Chrysippus (Greek myth)
Historical
Chrysippus of Soli (c.280-c.207 BC) Stoic philosopher
Chrysippus of Cnidos (4th century BC) Greek physician
Chrysippus of Tyana, Greek writer on gastronomy
Chrysippus of Cappadocia (5th century AD) Greek religious writer
Chrysippus of Mallus at the Council of Chalcedon
See also
Chrysippe
Danaus chrysippus, a species of butterfly
Henry Langtry (1841–1912) was an Irish-born British Army cavalry officer of English descent.
Langtry's military career started as a 2nd lieutenant in the Antrim Militia, 1st Royal Artillery on 28 July 1856. They were promoted to 1st lieutenant on 28 March 1859. They then served as cornet in the 3rd Regiment of Dragoon Guards (Prince of Wales) from 16 August 1861. They were a lieutenant with the 3rd Dragoon Guards in the Abyssinian campaign in 1868, and was present at the storming and capture of Magdala.
Langtry served with the 15th Hussars in the Kandahar Column in the Afghan war of 1878–80, including the advance to Khelat-i-Ghilzai; commanded a detached squadron of their regiment at the affair in the Ghlo Pass, 4 January 1879; also served with the Thull-Chotiali Field Force under Brigadier General Michael Biddulph, and accompanied Major General Robert Phayre in their march towards Kandahar. They were also present in the First Boer War of 1881 with the 15th Hussars.
By 1883 they were commanding officer of the 8th Hussars and became Brevet Colonel in 1885.
Langtry died in 1912 in St Marylebone, London. They were the grandson of George Langtry, shipping merchant of Belfast, Co. Antrim (1764–1846). Their parents were Elizabeth and Richard Langtry. The Langtry family homes included Fortwilliam in Belfast and Drumadarragh House. Their son, Henry V. M. Langtry, was also in the army. Henry Langtry's cousin, Edward Langtry, married Emilie Charlotte Le Breton in 1874; they later became actor Lillie Langtry.
References
External link
Who's Who entry (login required)
1841 births
1892 deaths
3rd Dragoon Guards officers
15th The King's Hussars officers
British military personnel of the Second Anglo-Afghan War
British military personnel of the First Boer War
People from County Antrim
Allen Webster may refer to:
Allen Webster (baseball) (born 1990), baseball pitcher
Allen Webster, editor of magazine House to House Heart to Heart
See also
Alan Webster (disambiguation)
Hail to the Chimp is a video game developed by Wideload Games and published by Gamecock Media Group. It was released in 2008 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Gameplay
Up to four players compete as anthropomorphic animals in a variety of mini-games while vying for the role of "President of the Animal Kingdom". By competing in mini-game tournaments named Primaries, the players will collect clams that make the characters stronger, and complete different objectives at the same time. The one who gets the most votes will win the election. Clams are designed to be used in several ways as an all-around currency, whether by shooting them, giving out as donations or exchanging for other things like election signs or money.
Development
Released during a United States presidential election year, the game was billed as the "Presidential Party Game" and used campaign-style advertisements meant to blend in with the U.S. presidential campaign ads that were prevalent at the time.
Reception
The game received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
References
External links
Wideload official site
2008 video games
Party video games
PlayStation 3 games
Fictional chimpanzees
Unreal Engine games
Video games developed in the United States
Xbox 360 games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Gadasera is a village in Jorayal Gaun Palika (Jorayal Rural Municipality) in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. It was an independent Village Development Committee before the new Constitution of Nepal was promulgated in 2015. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3475 living in 648 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Arth is a village in Switzerland.
Arth may also refer to:
People
Jeanne Arth (born 1935), tennis player
Tom Arth (born 1981), American football coach and former player
Other
Arth (film), 1982 film
Arth - The Destination, 2017 film
Arth-Goldau railway station, in Switzerland
Dyffryn Arth, community in Wales
River Arth, in Wales
See also
Anth (disambiguation)
Surnames from nicknames
Giant Steps was a pop duo from England that consisted of vocalist/producer Colin Campsie and bassist/keyboardist/producer George McFarlane. They had previously recorded as The Quick.
Giant Steps' only album, The Book of Pride, was released in 1988, and its first single "Another Lover" became a hit in the United States, peaking at No. 13 on the Billboard Hot 100. It became very popular in Italy in 1988 as well, garnering considerable airplay on pop radio. It was subsequently featured over the opening credits of the 1989 film Loverboy, starring Patrick Dempsey.
Giant Steps' follow-up single "Into You" was a modest US chart success, reaching No. 58 in early 1989.
In 2006, Campsie became infamous for writing the Kandy Floss record, and was mistakenly credited as being a member of Go West by Mr. Holy Moly in Metro'''s 25 February edition.
Band members
Colin Campsie - vocals, production
George McFarlane - keyboards, guitars, production
with
Gardner Cole - keyboards, vocals, composer, arranger, producer
Edie Lehmann - backgrounds
Bruce Gaitsch - guitars
David Boruff - saxophone
Discography
Albums
The Book of Pride'' (1988) (A&M Records AMA 5190)
Track listing
"Steamy" (Loren/Campsie/McFarlane)
"(The World Don't Need) Another Lover" (Campsie/McFarlane/Cole)
"Into You" (Campsie/McFarlane/Cole)
"Golden Hours (Bone)" (Campsie/McFarlane/Loren)
"Do You Still Care" (Campsie/McFarlane)
"Same Planet, Different World" (Campsie/McFarlane/Cole)
"The Book of Pride" (Campsie/McFarlane)
"End of the War" (Campsie/McFarlane/Thompson)
"Dance Away" (Campsie/McFarlane/Thompson)
"Dream Wonderful" (Campsie/McFarlane/Cole)
Singles
"Another Lover" (1988)
"The Book of Pride" (1988)
"Into You" (1989)
References
English pop music duos
Male musical duos
Musical groups established in 1988
Daud Mirza (16 November 1969 – 12 May 2014) was a Pakistani-Norwegian actor.
They were born in Pakistan, and came to Norway at the age of two. In 1991 they performed in the television series Fedrelandet and the film Byttinger. They later played in the police series Fox Grønland and Kodenavn Hunter and the gangster movie Izzat as the main villain. They died in May 2014.
References
1969 births
2014 deaths
Male actors from Oslo
Pakistani emigrants to Norway
Norwegian male film actors
Norwegian male television actors
Henryk Grynberg (born 1936 in Warsaw) is a Polish writer and actor who survived the Nazi occupation.  They are a novelist, short-story writer, poet, playwright and essayist who had authored more than thirty books of prose and poetry and two dramas. Grynberg, known as the “chronicler of the fate of the Polish Jews”, tackled in their writings the Holocaust experience and the post-Holocaust trauma.
Personal survival
Grynberg and their mother were the only survivors from their family. They spent the years 1942 to 1944 in hiding places, saved from German Nazis by the Polish families. After the war, they lived in Łódź and Warsaw.
In the early 1990s Grynberg returned to Poland with filmmaker Paweł Łoziński. The latter filmed Grynberg as they interviewed people in their native village in search of what happened to their father Abram Grynberg during the war. The documentary was released in 1992 under the name "Miejsce urodzenia" (Birthplace).
Post-War
On 11 October 1956 they signed as an undercover agent of the 1st Department (Intelligence) of Polish Agency for Internal Security - code name "reporter" as documented by Polish Historical Institute (or IPN), but the report in "Życie Warszawy" of 1 December 2006 is distorted and unreliable. Grynberg was pressured by the SB, denied that they informed on any one, and reportedly revealed their recruitment to the FBI. See Ted Lipien
From Henryk Grynberg:
I did sign a cooperation agreement with Polish intelligence (not military intelligence) on October 11, 1956 and received a one-time assignment to bring to the next meeting written characteristics (in Polish opinie) of three fellow students (two of them Jewish), no more than a page each. I presented those three persons as good intelligent students loyal to the state ideology and those were the only "reports" I was asked to do or have done in writing or otherwise. My contacts with the Polish intelligence or whatever secret services lasted no more than five months during which time I did nothing else for them. A document in my files at the IPN says, "His recruitment assumed future utilization in Israel and subsequently in the USA. After finishing their studies, Grynberg showed unwillingness to further collaboration. For this reason, the 1st Dep. resigned from further contacts with him." That ultimate "unwilingness" I expressed in 1959 when an intelligence agent wanted me to take with me a letter to Israel and I refused. I revealed my recruitment – or rather attempt at recruitment – to the FBI when applying for U.S. citizenship and for a sensitive position with U.S. Information Agency (which I held for 20 years). The note "Collaboration with Communists," so prominently placed, directs undue attention to a very short and meaningless episode in my biography.
The beginnings of a writer
In 1959, Grynberg graduated from Warsaw University with a master's degree in journalism. As an actor, Grynberg had connections with the Jewish Theatre in Warsaw. It was during this time when they started publishing prose and poetry.
While the Jewish State Theater company was on tour in the United States in late 1967, they refused to return to Poland. This defection was an act of protest against the communist regime's anti-Jewish propaganda, and against the censorship of their writings.
In 1971, after two years of attending graduate studies at UCLA, Grynberg received an M.A. in Russian Literature and moved to Washington, D.C., where Grynberg worked for the U.S. Information Agency (particularly for Voice in America) for a period of twenty years.
Works and achievements
Grynberg published their first story in 1959, which was later included in their debut collection, The Antigone Crew in 1963. In their works - written both while in Poland and in the United States – Grynberg narrated the stories of “those who died during the war and of those who survived to live afterwards in Lodz, Warsaw, or New York, struggling to come to terms with their own memory and with the fact that others did not remember.” Their works were described as characteristically abundant in “biographical and autobiographical material”, where their Jewish protagonists are the narrators whose personal experiences were “supplemented by the experiences of other ‘survivors'”.
Grynberg was a recipient of all major Polish literary prizes, and of the 2002 Koret Jewish Book Award. They also contributed to the Polish press and English-language journals. Their essays and articles appeared in publications such as the Commentary, the Midstream, and the Soviet-Jewish Affairs in London. Grynberg's books have been published in English translation, namely novels, Child of the Shadows (Vallentine Mitchell, London, 1969) - reedited as "The Jewish War and the Victory" (Northwestern University Press, 2001); the sequel, The Victory (Northwestern University Press, 1993); documentary prose, Children of Zion (Northwestern University Press, 1997), translated by Jacqueline Mitchell, and "Drohobycz, Drohobycz and Other Stories" (Penguin Books, 2002) translated by Alicia Nitecki, edited by Theodosia Robertson.
Grynberg's books were also translated into the French, German, Italian, Hebrew, Dutch, as well as Czech, Hungarian, and Swedish languages.
Grynberg's books: "Drohobycz, Drohobycz," "Memorbuch," "Monolog polsko-żydowski" ("Polish-Jewish Monolog") and "Uchodźcy" ("Refugees") were nominated for Poland's Nike Literary Award.
References
Specific
General
Henryk Grynberg: Biography, Extracts and Articles, Polish Writing, PolishWriting.net (undated), retrieved on: July 27, 2007
Grynberg, Henryk. Drawing in Memory, Polish Writing, PolishWriting.net (undated), retrieved on: July 27, 2007
Manetti, Christina. Recording a Lost World: Henryk Grynberg's Memorbuch, W A B (Warsaw), 2000 and Central Europe Review, CE-Review.org, January 8, 2001, retrieved on: July 27, 2007
Henryk Grynberg, Polish Wikipedia, pl.wikipedia.org, 2007, retrieved on: July 27, 2007
Adamczyk-Garbowska, Monika. Tales from the Guardian of the Graves, A Review of Drohobycz, Drohobycz and Other Stories/True Tales from the Holocaust and Life After by Henryk Grynberg, translated from the Polish by Alicia Nitecki, edited by Theodosia Robertson, 275 pages, Penguin Books, The Online Jewish Books Company, Good Search, JBooks.com and JFLMedia.com, 2004, retrieved on: July 27, 2007
Grynberg, Henryk. Children of Zion, Google Book Search, Books.Google.com (undated), retrieved on: July 27, 2007
Grynberg, Henryk. Children of Zion, Close-Up, Northwestern University Press and Northwestern.edu (undated), retrieved on: July 28, 2007
Holtzman, Ada. The Children of Zion:"The Tehran Children", JewishGen, Inc. and The Yizkor Book Project, June 2004, retrieved on: July 28, 2007
Grynberg, Henryk. Children of Zion (Synopsis), Amazon.co.uk, 2007, retrieved on: July 28, 2007
Ackerfeld, Lance and Joyce Field. List of the Children (Original list of the children who arrived to Eretz Israel in the middle of World War II, after escape from occupied Poland to Russia), JewishGen, Inc., 2004, retrieved on: July 28, 2007
1936 births
Polish journalists
20th-century Polish novelists
Polish male novelists
20th-century Polish Jews
21st-century Polish Jews
Living people
Jewish theatre
20th-century Polish male writers
