Mühlbach (in its upper course: Ruthsenbach) is a river of Hesse, Germany. It is a tributary of the Schwarzbach near Groß Gerau.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
References
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Germany
Gordon Ray Roberts (born 14 June 1950) is a retired United States Army officer and a Medal of Honor recipient for their "conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of their life above and beyond the call of duty" on 11 July 1969 while an infantryman with the 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry, 101st Airborne Division during the Vietnam War.
Early life
Gordon Roberts was born in Middletown, Ohio on 14 June 1950. Their hometown is Lebanon, Ohio.
Vietnam service
Three days after Roberts graduated from high school, they enlisted in the United States Army in May 1968. They went through training at Fort Benning, Georgia, and then attended infantry school. Roberts was placed in Company B, 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division, and deployed to the Republic of Vietnam in April 1969.
By 11 July 1969, Roberts had already distinguished himself, being awarded both the Silver Star and the Bronze Star. On that day, Roberts single-handedly wiped out three machine gun nests, saving the lives of over 20 fellow soldiers on Hill 996 during Operation Montgomery Rendezvous. Roberts spent 14 months in Vietnam until they returned to the United States in June 1970.
On 2 March 1971, they were awarded the Medal of Honor by President Richard M. Nixon for their actions on 11 July 1969. Roberts was the youngest living Medal of Honor recipient and the only one still on active duty until 2010, when Army Staff Sergeant Salvatore Giunta was awarded the medal.
Post-Vietnam life
Following their first enlistment in the army, Roberts attended the University of Dayton and received a bachelor's degree in sociology in 1974. They married and became the father of a son and a daughter. After eighteen years as a social worker, they returned to the Army and received a direct commission as an officer and entered active duty in 1991. Their past assignments include eight years of company and field grade command assignments in Korea, Fort Bragg, Haiti, Fort Gordon and Iraq as well as staff assignments at Hunter Army Airfield, Fort Benning, and Kuwait. From June 2008 through June 2010 they served as the Brigade Commander for Walter Reed Army Medical Center. On 1 July 2010, they began duty as command surgeon for the 1st Sustainment Command (Theater) at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. They later assumed duties as the unit's forward Chief of Staff at Camp Arifjan, Kuwait.
Roberts retired from the army on 18 May 2012.
Awards and decorations
In addition to the Medal of Honor, Gordon Roberts's military awards include the Silver Star, the Bronze Star, the Air Medal, the Army Commendation Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, the Combat Infantryman Badge, the Parachutist Badge, and the Presidential Unit Citation.
Badges
Combat Infantryman Badge
Parachutist Badge
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War
References
Citations
General references
1950 births
United States Army personnel of the Iraq War
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Living people
People from Lebanon, Ohio
People from Middletown, Ohio
Recipients of the Air Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Silver Star
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
United States Army officers
Vietnam War recipients of the Medal of Honor
The 2013 Akron Zips football team represented the University of Akron in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by second-year head coach Terry Bowden and played their home games at InfoCision Stadium–Summa Field. They were a member of the East Division of the Mid-American Conference and finished the season with a record.
Schedule
Source: Schedule
Roster
References
External links
Akron
Akron Zips football seasons
Akron Zips football
The Wanderer is a science fiction novel by American writer Fritz Leiber, published as a paperback original by Ballantine Books in 1964. It won the 1965 Hugo Award for Best Novel.
Following its initial paperback edition, The Wanderer was reissued in hardcover by Walker & Co. in 1969, by Gregg Press in 1980, and by the Easton Press in 1991, as well as a Science Fiction Book Club edition in 1987. It was released in hardcover in the UK by Dennis Dobson in 1967, with a paperback edition following from Penguin Books in 1969. Translations have appeared in Dutch, French, German, Hungarian and Italian.
The Wanderer was the first novel to win the Hugo Award without previously being published in hardcover or appearing in some form in a genre magazine.
The novel deals with a wandering planet that enter the Solar System. Its narrative follows multiple disconnected groups of characters to portray the widespread impact of the Wanderer on the entire population of the Earth (and above it) as well as the varied reactions of different groups as they struggle to cope and survive.
Plot
The novel is set in a future a few decades after the mid-1960s, when it was written. The Space Race is still on-going, and while both the USA and the USSR have lunar bases, by Soviets have gained the lead by sending an expedition to Mars.
From the point of view of most of the population of the Earth, a new planet appears out of nowhere close to the Moon shortly after a total lunar eclipse. Within a few days the planet –referred to by everyone simply "The Wanderer"– apparently consumes the Moon. Its gravity causes mass death and destruction as it raises huge ocean waves and causes earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. Flying saucers appear, apparently trying to mitigate some of the disastrous effects. Then, after a spectacular battle in space between the new planet and yet another which had appeared just as suddenly, the skies are empty again. Earth is left without its Moon.
The novel follows the lives of disparate people around the globe. There is a man attempting a solo crossing of the Atlantic Ocean, a smuggler operating off the coast of Vietnam, two friends in England, a trio of drug addicts in New York City, and the military controllers of the USA Moon mission, deep in a bunker somewhere near Washington, D.C.
The main protagonists are three longtime friends. Paul Hagbolt is escorting Margo Gelhorn (and their cat, Miaow) to observe the lunar eclipse at an observatory in California. Their friend, and Margo's fiance, is Don Merriam, one of the American astronauts at the Moon base. Following on a whim a sign advertising a "flying saucer symposium", Paul and Margo fall in with a group of intellectuals, dreamers, charlatans and misfits. At that point events overtake them. The new planet appears and triggers an earthquake that buries their cars in a landslide. They must avoid tsunamis, more earthquakes, roving mobs and flying saucers to survive. On the Moon Don Merriam is the only astronaut to escape the destruction of the American moonbase. They try to take off in one of the base's spaceships, only to fall through the Moon itself as it splits asunder under the influence of the new planet. Their ship is eventually captured by its crew.
Events take a bizarre turn when the group of saucer enthusiasts is faced with a tsunami. A flying saucer appears, and a cat-like being uses some kind of gun to repel the waves. Then the being uses the same device to pull Paul, who is holding Miaow, into the saucer. At the same time the gun falls into the hands of the people on the ground.
In the saucer Paul meets a being calling itself Tigerishka. A large, female telepathic feline creature, they initially mistake Miaow as the intelligent being whose thoughts they can hear, and Paul as a "monkey". Realizing their mistake, they regard Paul with contempt. Monkey-beings are not well regarded by their people. However they slowly warm to him, and explains why their planet had consumed the Moon.
Like many of the human characters, their people are intellectuals, dreamers, charlatans and misfits. They belong to a culture that spans the Universe, has achieved immortality, and can construct planets and traverse hyperspace. They can even create bodies for themselves that reflect the origins of their races, such as Tigerishka's cat-form. They are, however, fleeing their culture's police. The standard culture rejects nonconformists, and devotes itself to ensuring that intelligent life survives to the end of time, whereas Tigerishka's cohort wants to explore hyperspace and tinker with space, time and the Mind. Their flight has brought them to Earth orbit to refuel as huge amounts of matter must be converted to energy to power their hyperspace drive and their weapons: the Wanderer is running on empty.
As alien as Tigerishka is, Paul becomes besotted with them Tigerishka eventually yields to their advances. At the same time, Don Merriam has been rescued with their ship by the Wanderer's other spaceships.  They are reunited with Paul aboard Tigerishka's ship. Now they must testify in the Wanderer's trial, for the police have arrived. A second planet, "The Stranger", colored a dull gray where the Wanderer is bright purple and yellow, appears and threatens battle. Don and Paul give their testimony as to the good treatment they have seen, along with thousands of other humans appearing by some kind of holographic projection. However the trial goes badly. Paul and Don are evacuated in Don's ship, placed into position close to Earth by Tigerishka. Tigerishka takes Miaow with them back to their planet. Then the final battle takes place, and both planets disappear. In the final scene, Margo and their companions walk to Vandenberg Spaceport as Don's ship comes in to land.
Characters
The three friends
Margo Gelhorn, Paul Hagbolt and Donald Merriam have been friends since High School. Don became an astronaut, and Paul followed them into NASA by using their journalism qualifications to become a publicist for the agency. Margo eventually bestowed their affections on Don and became their fiancee. This left Paul with unrequited feelings for her, although Margo tells Paul that their feelings for Don are "more than brotherly". The three form an odd triangle. Margo themselves is manipulative and exploits both Paul and Don to serve their ends. Don is a loner at heart, however. The triangle is set to fly apart. Their collision with the Saucer Symposium provides the trigger.
The Saucer Symposium
When Paul and Margo encounter the Saucer Symposium on the beach near Vandenberg, they give the participants nicknames.
"Doc" (Rudolf Brecht) is a relentless debunker of UFO myths and a top-notch piano salesperson.  They are one of the symposium organizers and chairpeople.
"Turban" (Rama Joan) is a mystic who wears a turban and a man's tuxedo. They were once the wife of a New York stockbroker but abandoned the comfortable lifestyle to lecture on mysticism and participate in events like the Symposium as a search for enlightenment.
"Beardy" (Prof. Ross Hunter) is a sociologist from Oregon State University. They originally began studying UFO groups but became interested in the subject itself. During the adventures caused by the appearance of the Wanderer, they get close to Margo and eventually seduces her, in the process exposing and neutralizing their manipulative instincts.
"The Little Man" (Clarence Dowd) is a meticulous documenter of UFO events. They draw the Wanderer as it shows its different faces to Earth. These drawings appear in the book.
"The Ramrod" (Charlie Furby) is a tough-looking man who is really a fantasist. They insist that they have been transported to planets such as Ispan, whose location only they know, but later admits they did this entirely in their fantasies.  They are accompanied by two women who may both be their wives, part of a polygamous sect.
New Yorkers
Sally Harris and Jake Lesher are looking for a good time and thinking about writing a play. They start with an amorous encounter on a Coney Island roller coaster, achieving orgasm the instant the Wanderer appears. They wander through the crowds in Times Square, then take refuge in a penthouse apartment as the flood begins. They barely survive as the tsunami caused by Wanderer and the Stranger almost reaches roof.
Arab Jones, Pepe Martinez and High Bundy are stoners. High on marijuana, they chase the sight of the Wanderer through the streets of New York, making up crazy stories about it. They are eventually drowned by in-rushing flood in a subway station.
Floridians
Barbara Katz is another adventurous young woman with an agenda. They catch an old millionaire, Knolls K. Kettering III, spying on them with their telescope while they sunbathe. Deciding to become their "friend" they  a black "playsuit" and sneaks into their yard during the eclipse, finding them observing the event with the same telescope. With "KKK" and their black servants, they try to escape the flood tides by driving to high ground in the limousine. Dodging racist police officers and a delegation of Ku Klux Klan vigilantes they ride out one flood by climbing trees, then find a washed-up yacht in which they survive the subsequent catastrophes.
An undisclosed location
General "Spike" Stevens and Colonel Mabel Wallingford are two members of Mission Control team for the Moonbase, stationed deep underground somewhere near Washington D.C. At first they think the events are a "problem", a simulation created by their superiors to test their readiness. Not long after they realize that the events on their screens are real, the facility floods with water. Stevens and Wallingford are left trapped together. Fully aware they are about to die, they find their final release in each other, despite having hated each other from the moment they met.
In Great Britain
Dai Davies and Richard Hillary enjoy a drink together in the English county of Somerset and then go their separate ways. Hillary returns to the Home Counties of England but is caught in the exodus from the lowlands as tides flood the Thames basin. They survive by reaching high ground in the Malvern Hills. Davies, a romantic poet, composes odes to the new planet and then attempts to walk to Wales across the apparently dry estuary of the river Severn.  They are finally engulfed in a huge version of the Severn bore and drowns.
At sea
Wolf Loner is attempting a solo crossing of the Atlantic. Because of bad weather, and the loss of radio communication, they have no idea that anything is happening in the sky. Their first inkling that anything strange has happened is when their boat bumps up against the bell tower of Old North Church in Boston.
Bagong Bung is a smuggler supplying both sides in a guerrilla war, operating off the coast of Vietnam. The suddenly large tides uncover a wreck on the sea floor, which they loot for treasure.
Off the coast of South America, the atomic powered cruise liner Prince Charles is hijacked by revolutionaries. Flood tides carry it deep into the Amazon basin where it eventually comes to rest on land, like Noah's Ark, with hundreds of passengers.
Reception
P. Schuyler Miller described the book as a "thoroughly uncharacteristic" Leiber novel, saying that "the feel of what is happening . . . counts for more than the plot" and predicting that The Wanderer "would eventually be awarded 'classic' status". Avram Davidson compared the novel unfavorably to Leiber's Conjure Wife, saying "The canvas is wide, the characters many, the charge scatters like buckshot, if you can imagine a buckshot cannon".
James Nicoll has described the novel as "terrible", saying that although its premise — "hollow planets filled with catgirls who want to steal the moon" — may be "amazing or at least intriguing", the novel itself "falls well short of its potential"; they attribute its Hugo win to a weak slate of nominees, and to Leiber's "blatant and unabashed sucking up to SF fandom".
Availability
The Wanderer is available in paperback under (Gollancz, 2000) as part of the SF Masterworks series.
References
External links
The Wanderer at the Library of Congress
Hugo Award for Best Novel-winning works
1964 American novels
1964 science fiction novels
American post-apocalyptic novels
American science fiction novels
Ballantine Books books
Novels by Fritz Leiber
Popular culture about the United States Space Force
Works about the United States Space Force
The “Catxirulos of Benaguasil” are small buildings made with dry stone, which served as a refuge for farmers in bad weather. They are usually small constructions. The floor areas range from 3.5 m2 to 35 m2.
Catxirulos are built of stone without mortar or cement, although some are reinforced with these materials. Most were built by the owners, using local materials.
Etymology
The word “cachirulo” or “catxirulo”, in Benaguasil, only has the meaning of dry stone rustic retreat, usually covered with a false vault; this meaning is shared with other localities.
However, in Valencian, the general meaning of the word is comet or star.
In Spanish, it also means: a container for liquor; a small boat with three masts; or ornaments with feathers and ribbons that women wore on their heads at the end of 18th century. In Aragonese it means a head scarf.
The first documentation in Valencian is by José Escrig y Martínez, contained in the dictionary “Valenciano-Castellano” of 1851, where it says “Cagerul, Cagerulo, Cachirulo”: small boat with three sails.
In Valencian it is also often applied to the “Barracas” or rustic rooms topped with a cone, and similar objects.
Geographical extension
The term is only used in areas that were formerly used for rain-fed crops such as carob, olive or vines. It is not used in any areas of irrigated orchards. It is found in the “partidas” of “Les Travesses, Els Cremats, Els Cabeços, La Cañada de Amorós, La Cañada de Mareta, El Pla de Lucas and El Pla de Paterna”.
Construction technique
The catxirulo is made completely with dry stone, without ornaments. It is built in round, square and rectangular plans, not exceeding 1.5 meters in height and finished with a conical dome.
The round form is the oldest; it facilitates the starting point of the dome.
With square or rectangular plans, the internal shape matches up with the external.
The door was always away from the north and west. It is usually a simple lintel, a flat stone resting on pillars.
Others have a two-segment arch, two inclined lintels at an angle on the side pillar, “in the barraca” as they say in Benaguasil. Also found are arches with elongated stones positioned radially.
Interior works
Inside of the catxirulo we can find constructed several elements.
Niches: empty space between four flat stones, like small cabinets set into the wall.
Viewpoints: openings through the walls to look out.
Vents: holes through the wall, which may be made with the same technique as the niche, or by placing a trunk perpendicularly to the wall; after building the wall, the trunk is removed, leaving a round hole.
Mangers: for feeding large animals.
Stone benches.
Grippers: Niches that are crossed with a stick or a simple stake with an elbow. These served to tie the animals.
The roof
A false dome was built using circular rows of successively smaller diameter.
Former cachirulos
According to plans dated 1928:
Catxirulo I. Partida the Cremats, polygon 32, plot 45
Catxirulo of Cisqui. Partida the Cremats, polygon 32, plot 39
Catxirulo III. Partida the Cremats, polygon 34, plot 40
Catxirulo IV. Partida the Cremats, polygon 34, plot 43
Catxirulo V. Partida the Cremats, polygon 26, plot 3
Catxirulo of Topairet. Partida the Topairet, polygon 8, plot 41
Catxirulo VII. Partida Pla of Paterna, polygon 23, plot 184
Catxirulo VIII. Partida Cañada de Amorós, polygon 6, plot 47
Catxirulo IX. Partida the Cabeços, polygon 23, plot 102
Catxirulo X. Partida the Cabeços, polygon 23, plot 247
Catxirulo XI. Partida the Cabeços, polígon 26, parcela 59
Extant cachirulos
Catxirulo de Pistola or of the Ermita. It was built between 1936-39 by “Manu” and the Alonso's brothers, “els Pistoletes”. It is a circular floor “cachirulo” included in a diverse set of dry stone works: margins, fences and walls. Relaxation and genetic experimentation seed rainfed. State of partial ruin.
Catxirulo of Campos or of Ramada. Prior to 1928 circular and good condition. The stone lintel of the door has disappeared and has been replaced with a strip of wood. It is coated with plaster inside and partially outside. It lacks the key back and a wall has loose stones.
Catxirulo of Arrué. It was built about 1910 by Pere Arrué-Vincent (1862-1944), farmer and mason Benaguasil. Is circular in plan and is in good condition. The only niche that you must be a fire. It's dry stone no boost or lucid.
Catxirulo of Gepito or of Escamilla. Post-1928 and a circular layout. It is in good condition. It is reinforced with plaster on the outside and they have added an iron gate. The outer wall ending in a single auction.
Catxirulo of the Lois or the Sanxis. Prior to 1928, is circular and is in imminent ruin. It is semi buried by the last movement of land held in the back half of the factory next door.
Catxirulo of Herràeza or of Ros. Prior to 1905, documented in 1905 as cachirulo Ros. It is in partial ruin. The roof collapsed after 1928 and are currently the four walls, the lintel of the door and part of the wall. The plant is square, but it has the Angle rounded.
Catxirulo of Fèlix or of Vivó. Previous to 1928. The plan is rectangular with rounded corners and the dome is elliptical. Is perfectly integrated in a wide marjada makes wall. The door has a short lintel supported with modillones. It is one of the best preserved and the term art.
Catxirulo of Calmeta or of Vicent el Huitavo. Prior to 1928, square and in good condition. The dome is closed with three keys elliptical or flat slabs. The outer wall is topped with perfection. It handles a manager with five vents in the walls.
Catxirulo of Andreuet. Prior to 1905, circular and well preserved. The stone dome tip ends and the walls have a continuous auction. It has a large woodshed, a respirator and converted into a niche window. They incorporated a reinforced concrete door.
Catxirulo of Valls or of Rosquilla the espigador. Is later than 1928, circular plant and is in partial ruin.
Catxirulo of Belloc. Prior to 1928, circular and well preserved. It has a double curvature and dome inside is worn with cement. It has added new construction extending access to the entrance.
Catxirulo of Ramada or of Rafel the Bugarrenyo. Prior to 1928, rectangular and in good condition. The dome is topped by a roof covered with tiles. It is worn inside and out and reinforced with plaster.
Catxirulo of Vivó or of Mílio el Tarongero. Post-1928, circular and in good condition. The back part is attached to a marjada, and have placed a door and have whitewashed.
Catxirulo of Capella. Prior to 1928, circular and in good condition. Lucida and reinforced concrete, has a niche of 60x40 cm. It has added a door and 2 windows have been opened from the original niches.
Catxirulo of Xoro or of Ibáñez de Parra. It was built around 1920 by "Manu", is circular in plan and is in good condition. It is the largest Benaguasil. It is attached to a house forming a dependency. The door was originally an arch and currently has a wooden door. The outer wall has scored as cornice made of flat stones.
Catxirulo the Mut of Xapa. Prior to 1928, circular and well preserved. The ottoman is short lintel, and has about a built-in margin woodshed.
Catxirulo of Linares or of Isabel Ibáñez. Prior to 1928, rectangular and well preserved. It consists in a marjada sheltering.
Catxirulo of Balaguer or of Rafel Cabeça/Batiste the Catrullo. Post-1928, circular and in good condition. It has a bench at the edge of the door, is worn inside and outside reinforced. It has a detached house.
Catxirulo of Quitèrio. Prior to 1928, circular and well preserved. The door has a short lintel is reinforced with plaster and wood has a space as large as the cachirulo own.
Catxirulo of Palmira or of Ferrandis. Prior to 1900, rectangular and in a state of impending doom. It is partially carved sedimentary rock. The roof is formed by large flat slabs, has carved a niche in the rock and another unfinished.
Catxirulo of Sampa. By 1900, circular and in good condition. It has two doors and inside has two semicircular benches going door to door. No opening or niche. The doors are arches.
Catxirulo of Llosà. It was built around 1960 by Claudio Llosa, is circular and in good condition. It is reinforced with cement and lucid. It is a hybrid between cachirulo and shed hunter. The roof is not made of stone and is flat. It has no window or niche.
Catxirulo of Núgol or of guardes. After 1928. It was built by Batiste Cervera "the Polit" their teacher "Cardoneta". It is circular and in partial ruin. It was a guard booth. It has four strategic viewpoints, currently lacks the key vault.
Catxirulo of the Llometa de Rafel or the guarda/of the Retorta. By 1950, square and only the remains. The ceiling and upper walls are destroyed, was a guard house.
See also
Barraca de vinya (Catalan language)
Casup (Catalan language)
Maset (Catalan language)
Trullo
Cabana de volta (Catalan language)
Catxirulo (Catalan language)
References
External links
Catxirulos de Benaguasil (Spanish)
Catxirulos de la Pobla de Vallbona (Spanish)
El mestre de la pedra (Valencian)
Revista Pedra Seca (Valencian)
La arquitectura popular en piedra seca (Spanish)
La arquitectura popular de piedra en seco como memoria cultural. Seminario la doctrina de la restauración a través de las cartas internacionales (Spanish)
Bibliography
Cervera Rodríguez, J. L., Galiana Bondia, J. V. i Dominguez Bell-lloch, J. "Els catxirulos de Benaguasil. Una artesania de pedra en sec". Ajuntament de Benaguasil, 2005
García Lisón, M., i Zaragozá Catalán, A. "Arquitectura rural primitiva en secà". Temes d'Etnografia Valenciana. Volum 1. València, Institut Alfons el Magnànim, 1983 CS 418-2000 Oficina Depósito Legal Castellón
Seijo Alonso, F. G. Arquitectura rústica en la región valenciana. Ed. Villa. Alacant, 1979 A 149-1979 Oficina Depósito Legal Alicante
Stone houses
Buildings and structures in Valencia
WGSM may refer to:
WHJB, a radio station (107.1 FM) licensed to Greensburg, Pennsylvania, United States, which used the call sign WGSM from 2006 to 2009
WNYH, a radio station (740 AM) licensed to Huntington, New York, United States, which used the call sign WGSM from when it signed on in 1951 until September 2005
WWSK, a radio station (94.3 FM) licensed to Smithtown, New York, United States, which used the call sign WGSM-FM from 1965 to 1970
Denis O'Callaghan (born 7 February 1949) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Recruited from Tiega, O'Callaghan played on the half back flank in the 1970 VFL Grand Final, which Collingwood lost. They were primarily seen in the back pockets and appeared in 10 finals during their time at the club. Such was the strength of the team that they made the finals in all but one season O'Callaghan was there, their first.
In 1976, O'Callaghan took over from John Dugdale as coach of Coburg in the Victorian Football Association (VFA). After just one season as captain-coach, they left Coburg and was replaced by Col Kinnear.
References
1949 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Collingwood Football Club players
Coburg Football Club players
Coburg Football Club coaches
Living people
The Chinese Ambassador to Turkmenistan is the official representative of the People's Republic of China to Turkmenistan.
List of representatives
References
Turkmenistan
China
Ambassadors
The 1889–90 Football League was the second season of English league football, with Preston North End being crowned as the champions for the second successive season. The clubs competing were the 12 original clubs which were the founders of the league the previous year. Unlike the modern system, two points were awarded for a win, with one for a draw and no points for a loss; this system was carried on until the 1980s when teams were awarded three points for a win.
Final league table
The table below is reproduced here in the exact form that it can be found at the Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded). In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season. Since the goal average was used for this purpose for such a long time, it is presented in the tables below even for the seasons prior to 1894–95.
During the first five seasons of the league, that is until the season 1893–94 re-election process concerned the clubs which finished in the bottom four of the league.
Results
Maps
Re-election process
At the Football League election meeting no vote was taken, and it was agreed that Burnley and Notts County were re-elected and that Sunderland was elected in place of Stoke, who played in the Football Alliance the following season but returned to the Football League after a year's absence.
The applications of Football Alliance sides Bootle, Darwen, Grimsby Town, Newton Heath and Sunderland Albion were rejected.
See also
1889–90 in English football
1889 in association football
1890 in association football
References
External links
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
1889-90
1
1889–90 in English football
Doolwala Kandiyagedera Roshan Chanaka Jayatissa (born 5 June 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who plays for Sri Lanka Army Sports Club. They were born in Kandy.
Jayatissa made their first-class debut for the side during the 2009-10 Premier Championship, against Chilaw Marians. From the lower order, they scored 4 not out in a drawn match.
External links
Roshan Jayatissa at CricketArchive
1989 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Army Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Kandy
The 1986–87 Eliteserien season was the 30th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Seven teams participated in the league, and Herning IK won the championship. Vojens IK was relegated to the 1. division.
First round
Final round
The top four teams from the first round qualified for the final round. Herning IK finished first in the final round.
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Dan
1986-87
1986 in Danish sport
1987 in Danish sport
Sage Marie Steele (born November 28, 1972) is an American television anchor who is the co-host of the 12pm (ET) SportsCenter on ESPN. They also host SportsCenter on the Road from various sporting events such as the Super Bowl and The Masters. Steele formerly hosted NBA Countdown on ESPN and ABC for four seasons, ending in 2017. For five years prior to the NBA assignment, Steele was a full-time host of SportsCenter, ESPN's flagship show, and had previously contributed to ESPN First Take, Mike & Mike in the Morning, and SportsNation. Steele hosted SportsCenters daytime coverage of the NBA Finals in 2012 and 2013, and covered every NBA Finals from 2012 to 2020.
Early life
Steele is the daughter of Gary & Mona (O'Neil) Steele. Mona is of Irish and Italian descent. Gary is Black and became the first Black varsity football player at West Point during the mid-1960s. They were inducted into the Army Sports Hall of Fame in 2013 for their standout career on the Black Knights football and track & field teams.
Sage Steele was born in 1972 into an American Army family living in the Panama Canal Zone Steele has two brothers, Courtney and Chad (senior vice president of media relations for the NFL's Baltimore Ravens).
The U.S. Army stationed Steele's family in several different states and countries, including Greece and Belgium, before moving back stateside to Colorado Springs, Colorado, in 1984 for their seventh grade year. After attending Thomas B. Doherty High School in Colorado Springs for two years, they moved to Carmel, Indiana, and attended Carmel High School as a senior, graduating in 1990.
They graduated from Indiana University Bloomington in 1995 with a Bachelor of Science degree in sports communication. Exactly 20 years later, they were the commencement speaker at the 2015 Indiana University undergraduate commencement, which they consider the greatest honor of their career.
Broadcasting career
Steele's first television sports reporting job was at WSBT-TV, the CBS affiliate in South Bend, Indiana, as a news producer and reporter from 1995 to 1997.
Steele then worked at CBS affiliate WISH-TV in Indianapolis, Indiana, from 1997 to 1998 as the weekend morning sports anchor and weekday reporter. Them reporting duties included the Indianapolis Colts, Indiana Pacers, Indianapolis 500 and Brickyard 400 auto races, and local college and high school sports.
Steele worked at ABC affiliate WFTS in Tampa, Florida, from 1998 to 2001, where they were a sports reporter with former WFTS sports director and former SportsCenter host Jay Crawford and current "NFL RedZone" host Scott Hanson. They also worked at Fox Sports Florida as a reporter, continuing to cover teams throughout Central Florida such as the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Orlando Magic, Tampa Bay Lightning and University of South Florida Bulls.
They then worked at Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic in Bethesda, Maryland, where they were an anchor and reporter for the network's nightly local sports news program, SportsNite, covering all sports in the Washington, DC/Baltimore region. Steele was one of Comcast SportsNet's original personalities, joining that network when it launched in 2001. During their six years at CSN Mid-Atlantic (2001–2007), they were a main anchor and also the beat reporter for the Baltimore Ravens.
Steele then joined ESPN and debuted on March 16, 2007, on the 6:00 p.m. ET edition of SportsCenter. In an interview with Awful Announcing, they mentioned that they were actually offered a job with the network in 2004, but turned it down while pregnant with their second child.
On July 28, 2013, they drove the pace car for the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Brickyard 400. During the pace laps at the beginning of the race, they were bumped in jest by 6-time Sprint Cup champion Jimmie Johnson.
Beginning in the 2013–14 NBA season, Steele became the host of NBA Countdown on ESPN and ABC through 2017.
Steele co-hosted the Miss America 2017 & 2018 pageant on ABC with Chris Harrison. They hosted the Scripps National Spelling Bee from 2010 to 2013. In 2014 they were a guest host several times on The View.
They became the noon (ET) SportsCenter co-anchor with Matt Barrie in February 2021. They had anchored the 6 p.m. ET edition of the show for several years before moving to noon and prior to that they had anchored SportsCenter:AM.
On October 5, 2021, they were suspended by ESPN for remarks they made on Jay Cutler's September 29 podcast about COVID-19 vaccine mandates, women who dress in a way they feel is provocative, and Barack Obama calling themselves Black even though he, like Steele, has a white mother. In conjunction with their suspension, Steele issued an apology: "I know my recent comments created controversy for the company, and I apologize. We are in the midst of an extremely challenging time that impacts all of us, and it's more critical than ever that we communicate constructively and thoughtfully."
Personal life
Steele married Jonathan Bailey and they have three children. In March 2021, Steele put their home in Avon, Conn., on the market for $1.6 million, after doing extensive renovations.
 They are on the board of the Pat Tillman Foundation. They were named to the board of the V Foundation for cancer research in 2019.
References
External links
Living people
1972 births
American television sports announcers
Carmel High School (Indiana) alumni
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Television anchors from Indianapolis
Woman sports announcers
African-American sports journalists
American women sportswriters
ESPN people
Disney people
American sports journalists
African-American Christians
African-American television personalities
African-American women journalists
People from Colorado Springs, Colorado
People from Carmel, Indiana
American people of Irish descent
American people of Italian descent
Zonians
American women television journalists
American expatriates in Greece
American expatriates in Belgium
20th-century American journalists
21st-century American journalists
American Christians
21st-century American women
Guðfinna 'Tollý' Aðalgeirsdóttir (born 1972) is professor in Geophysics at the Faculty of Earth Sciences, University of Iceland.
Professional career
Guðfinna was born in Akureyri, on the north coast of Iceland, 20 March 1972. They completed grammar school with a matriculation exam from the physics line of Menntaskólinn á Akureyri in spring 1991. They then studied geophysics at the University of Iceland and graduated with a B.Sc. degree in spring 1994. During the summers of 1993 and 1994 and winter 1994–1995, they worked at the Science Institute, University of Iceland, with Helgi Björnsson and the glaciology group processing radio-echo sounding measurements, and they participated in expeditions on Vatnajökull ice cap. They went to graduate school at the University of Alaska Fairbanks to study glaciers and graduated in autumn 1997 with an M.Sc. degree. From 1998 to 2002, they were a PhD student at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zürich and graduated in February 2003 with a Dr. sc. nat. degree.
They returned to Iceland and worked with Helgi Björnsson and the glaciology group at the Science Institute on numerical models for Langjökull, Hofsjökull and Vatnajökull in collaboration with glaciologists at the Icelandic Meteorological Office. They worked as a post-doctoral researcher and later as a lecturer at Swansea University from 2004 to 2006 in Wales, where they contributed to a research project on Rutford Ice Stream in Antarctica. They then worked at the Danish Meteorological Institute from 2006 to 2012 on coupling ice flow and climate models for the Greenland ice sheet. In summer 2012, they became Associate Professor in geophysics and then Professor in 2017 at the Faculty of Earth Sciences, University of Iceland.
Research
Guðfinna's research focuses on glaciers and how they respond to climate change in the past, present and future, and how the sea level around Iceland is evolving due to glacier and climate changes. They apply numerical models to compute the mass balance and flow of glaciers. It is essential to have field measurements for calibrating and validating the models, and they therefore regularly participates in excursions on the glaciers. Each spring they go with the students in the glaciology course at the University of Iceland to Sólheimajökull to put wires into the ice with a steam drill to measure the summer ablation of this glacier. In Alaska, Guðfinna participated in a large project to measure volume changes of Alaskan glaciers. She, their supervisor Keith Echelmeyer, and glaciologists at University of Alaska Fairbanks flew a laser altimeter in a Piper PA12 airplane over 67 glaciers to measure how their volume had changed since 1957. In Switzerland they developed a numerical ice flow model to simulate the size and evolution of the large ice caps in Iceland to make projections for their future. This project was a collaboration with scientists at the Institute of Earth Sciences at the University of Iceland and the Icelandic Meteorological office. They have used the PISM ice flow model, developed at the University of Alaska, to simulate both the Greenland Ice Sheet and Vatnajökull ice cap They participated in a project in Antarctica using measurements and models to improve understanding of the flow of Rutford Ice Stream A few years later, they measured vertical ice velocity at the Fletcher Promontory ice divide to estimate the ice viscosity. They also measured the Raymond bumps, which develop underneath an ice divide due to change in the ice viscosity; ice becomes stiffer where the stresses are low. Guðfinna collaborates in a number of projects focusing on mass balance and the climate over the Greenland ice sheet and making projections on how it will evolve due to anthropogenic climate change.
They have supervised PhD students and postdoctoral researchers at the University of Iceland, in Copenhagen in Denmark, Birmingham in UK and Bordeaux in France in projects on Vatnajökull, the Greenland ice sheet and smaller Icelandic glaciers (Virkisjökull, Drangajökull, eastern outlet glaciers of Vatnajökull and others). In these projects measurements and numerical models are applied to improve understanding of how glaciers are responding to climate change. One project uses a Bayesian hierarchical framework to compute the viscosity and flow of Langjökull and another maps how the groundwater in catchments headed by temperate glaciers evolves due to climate change.
Various tasks and projects
Guðfinna has taken on various community service tasks within and outside the university and regularly gives public talks to disseminate information about anthropogenic climate change and the impact on glaciers in the world to general public, media and schools. The university community nominated them for a seat on the Icelandic Climate Council. They have been a board member of the Icelandic Glaciological Society since 2014. They were a board member of the Faculty of Earth Science, University of Iceland from 2015 to 2018 and has been a member of the Graduate Committee at the Faculty of Earth Sciences 2016–2020. They have been Iceland's national representative in the International Arctic Science Committee (IASC) Cryosphere Working Group since 2014 and has served as Chair of the Cryosphere Working Group since 2018. From 2009 to 2012 they were a member of the steering committee in the EU FP7 project Ice2sea and was on the steering committee and a theme leader in the Nordic Centre of Excellence SVALI from 2010 to 2016. Every year they review a number of international research papers for various science journals.
Guðfinna was selected to be one of the lead authors of the Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. This report is written to inform the governments of the world on anthropogenic climate change, and what impact it has on nature and society. The writing of the report started in the summer 2018. It will come out in April 2021. Guðfinna is in a group of 17 scientists writing Chapter 9 on Ocean, Cryosphere and Sea Level Change.
Honours
In Summer 2019, the UK Antarctic Place-names Committee approved a suggestion to name a nunatak that has been used as a GPS reference point “Tolly Nunatak”. Tollý has been Guðfinna's nickname since childhood. The name and location of the place is: Tolly Nunatak (78°23'43.9”S, 84°30'15.5”W)
Selected main written works
Schmidt, Louise Steffensen, Guðfinna Aðalgeirsdóttir, Finnur Pálsson, Peter L. Langen, Sverrir Guðmundsson, Helgi Björnsson. Dynamic simulations of Vatnajökull ice cap from 1980 to 2300. Journal of Glaciology. 2019.
Gopalan, Giri; Hrafnkelsson, Birgir; Wikle, Christopher K; Rue, Håvard; Aðalgeirsdóttir, Guðfinna; Jarosch, Alexander H; Pálsson, Finnur. A Hierarchical Spatio-Temporal Statistical Model for Physical Systems. Journal of Agricultural, Biological and Environmental Statistics, 1-24. 2019.
Aðalgeirsdóttir, G., A. Aschwanden, C. Khroulev, F. Boberg, R. Mottram, P. Lucas-Picher, J. H. Christensen. Role of model initialization for projections of 21st-century Greenland ice sheet mass loss. Journal of Glaciology, Vol. 60, No. 222, 2014.
Aschwanden, A., G. Aðalgeirsdóttir and C. Khroulev. Hindcasting to measure ice sheet model sensitivity to initial states. The Cryopshere, 7, 1083–1093. 2013.
Aðalgeirsdóttir, G., S. Guðmundsson, H. Björnsson, F. Pálsson, T. Jóhannesson, H. Hannesdóttir, S. Þ. Sigurðsson, E. Berthier. [www.the-cryosphere.net/5/961/2011/ Modelling the 20th and 21st century evolution of Hoffellsjökull glacier, SE-Vatnajökull, Iceland]. The Cryosphere, 5, 961–975, 2011.
References
1972 births
Gudfinna Adalgeirsdottir
Women geophysicists
Gudfinna Adalgeirsdottir
Gudfinna Adalgeirsdottir
University of Alaska Fairbanks alumni
Academics of Swansea University
Gudfinna Adalgeirsdottir
Living people
Quednau may refer to:
the German name for Severnaya Gora, Russia
Marion Quednau (born 1952), Canadian author
Peter McPhail is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s. They played for North Sydney and the Parramatta Eels in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Playing career
McPhail made their first grade debut for North Sydney against the Brisbane Broncos in Round 7 1989 at North Sydney Oval which ended in a 36-10 loss.
In 1991, North Sydney had one of their best seasons in many years finishing 3rd on the table under the coaching of Steve Martin. McPhail played in all of the club's finals games as they fell short of a grand final appearance losing to the Canberra Raiders in the preliminary final.
In 1992, North Sydney finished a disappointing 11th place on the table and Martin was terminated as head coach. McPhail was also released and signed with Parramatta.
McPhail played 3 seasons at Parramatta as the club finished towards the bottom of the ladder each year. In 1995, McPhail played 7 games for Parramatta as they had one of their worst seasons on the field winning only 3 matches out of a possible 22 games.
References
1968 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
North Sydney Bears players
Parramatta Eels players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Sydney
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1987 season.
League standings
Norra
Mellersta
Västra
Östra
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
3
Sweden
Sweden
This page lists individuals and organisations who publicly expressed an opinion regarding the 2020 Italian constitutional referendum.
Yes
Members of the government and institutions
Presidents of the Senate
Presidents of the Chamber of Deputies
Roberto Fico, President of the Chamber of Deputies (M5S) (2018–today)
Prime Ministers
Giuseppe Conte, 58th Prime Minister (Independent) (2018–2021)
Enrico Letta, 55th Prime Minister (PD) (2013–2014)
Ministers
Luigi Di Maio, Minister of Foreign Affairs (M5S) (2019–today)
Riccardo Fraccaro, Secretary of the Council of Ministers (M5S) (2019–today)
Mara Carfagna, Minister for Equal Opportunities (FI) (2008–2011)
Mariastella Gelmini, Minister of Education, University and Research (FI) (2008–2011)
Maurizio Martina, Minister of Agricultural, Food and Forestry Policies (PD) (2014–2018)
Marco Minniti, Minister of the Interior (PD) (2016–2018)
Matteo Salvini, Minister of the Interior (Lega) (2018–2019)
Members of local governments
Presidents of Regions
Stefano Bonaccini, President of Emilia-Romagna (PD) (2014–today)
Giovanni Toti, President of Liguria (C!) (2015–today)
Nicola Zingaretti, President of Lazio (PD) (2013–today)
Mayors of main cities
Dario Nardella, Mayor of Florence (PD) (2014–today)
Members of the Parliament
Members of the Chamber of Deputies
Members of the Senate of the Republic
International figures
Members of the European Parliament
From other European Union member states
Notable individuals
Journalists, commentators, and political satirists
Giuliano Ferrara
Claudio Cerasa
Beppe Severgnini
Antonio Polito
Massimo Giletti
Giovanni Floris
University and academic figures
Constitutional judges and lawyer
Carlo Fusaro, jurist
Valerio Onida, former President of the Constitutional Court of Italy
Lorenza Carlassare, jurist
Stefano Ceccanti, jurist and senator for the Democratic Party;
Others
Tito Boeri, former President of the National Institute for Social Security (2014–2019)
Celebrities
Actors and film directors
Singers and producers
Writers and artists
Organisations
Committees
Main political parties
Minor parties
European political parties
Trade unions and business organisations
Newspapers
Periodicals
Other organisations
No
Members of the government and institutions
Presidents of the Senate
Pietro Grasso, 21st President of the Senate of the Republic (LeU) (2013–2018)
Marcello Pera, 18th President of the Senate of the Republic (FI) (2001–2006)
Presidents of the Chamber of Deputies
Laura Boldrini, 14th President of the Chamber of Deputies (PD) (2013–2018)
Pier Ferdinando Casini, 11th President of the Chamber of Deputies (CpE) (2001–2006)
Luciano Violante, 10th President of the Chamber of Deputies (PD) (1996–2001)
Prime Ministers
Ciriaco De Mita, 47th Prime Minister of Italy (IP) (1988–1989)
Romano Prodi, 52nd Prime Minister of Italy (PD) (1996–1998; 2006–2008)
Ministers
Emma Bonino, Minister of Foreign Affairs (+E) (2013–2014)
Renato Brunetta, Minister of Public Administration and Innovation (FI) (2008–2011)
Carlo Calenda, Minister of Economic Development (A) (2016–2018)
Giuseppe Fioroni, Minister of Public Education (PD) (2006–2008)
Gianfranco Rotondi, Minister for the Implementation of the Government Program (FI) (2008–2011)
Walter Veltroni, Minister for Cultural Heritage (PD) (1996–1998)
Members of local governments
Presidents of Regions
Vincenzo De Luca, President of Campania (PD) (2015–today)
Vito Bardi, President of Basilicata (FI) (2019–today)
Attilio Fontana, President of Lombardy (Lega) (2018–today)
Marcello Pittella, President of Basilicata (PD) (2013–2019)
Mayors of main cities
Luigi De Magistris, Mayor of Naples
Giorgio Gori, Mayor of Bergamo (PD)
Members of the Parliament
Members of the Chamber of Deputies
Members of the Senate of the Republic
International figures
Members of the European Parliament
From other European Union member states
Notable individuals
Journalists, commentators, and political satirists
Pierluigi Battista
Stefano Feltri
University and academic figures
Alfonso Celotto, constitutional law professor at the Sapienza University of Rome
Francesco Clemente, public comparative law professor at the University of Perugia
Massimo Luciani, constitutional law professor at the Sapienza University of Rome
Vincenzo Musacchio, jurist
Marco Plutino, constitutional law professor at the University of Cassino
Tomaso Montanari
Massimo Villone, constitutional law professor at the University of Naples Federico II
Constitutional judges and lawyers
Sabino Cassese, former judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy
Giuseppe Tesauro, former President of the Constitutional Court of Italy
Others
Marco Bentivogli, former secretary of the Italian Federation of Metal Mechanics (2014–2020)
Sardines movement
Celebrities
Actors and film directors
Massimo Ghini
Cristina Comencini
Sabina Guzzanti
Gene Gnocchi
Sabrina Ferilli
Paolo Virzì
Ivano Marescotti
Luca Bizzarri
Singers and producers
Roberto Vecchioni
Writers and artists
Roberto Saviano
Sandro Veronesi
Michela Murgia
Oliviero Toscani
Makkox
Athletes
Alessandro Costacurta
Organisations
Committees
Main political parties
Minor parties
European political parties
Trade unions and business organisations
Newspapers
Periodicals
Other organisations
Officially endorse neither side
Members of the government and institutions
Notable individuals
Constitutional judges and lawyer
Gustavo Zagrebelsky, former President of the Constitutional Court of Italy
Organisations
Main political parties
References
Constitutional referendums in Italy
2020 elections in Italy
Political endorsements
This is a list of Spanish football transfers for the winter sale in 2017–18 season of La Liga and Segunda División. Only moves from La Liga and Segunda División are listed.
The winter transfer window opened on 1 January 2018, although a few transfers took place prior to that date. The window closed at midnight on 31 January 2018. Players without a club can join one at any time, either during or in between transfer windows. Clubs below La Liga level can also sign players on loan at any time. If need be, clubs can sign a goalkeeper on an emergency loan, if all others are unavailable.
Winter 2017–18 transfer window
References
Transfers
Spain
2017–18
Vinko Coce (22 December 1954 – 27 October 2013) was a prominent Croatian opera and pop singer.
Biography
Coce was born in Trogir and joined the Klapa Trogir in 1972. Between 1983 and 1988, they were a tenor in the mixed choir of the Croatian National Theatre in Split. They started a solo singing career in 1991, during which they won the Grand Prix at the Split Festival with the song "Sićaš li se, Lungomare". Coce also won a Porin with the Klapa Trogir.
Coce died on 27 October 2013 at Split Hospital after a lengthy undisclosed illness. They were 58.
Discography
Studio albums
Mirno spavaj, ružo moja, 1993, Croatia Records
Mama, adio, 1995, Croatia Records
Dalmacija, more, ja i ti, 2000, Orfej
Ane, jel' te baca, 2002, Croatia Records
More sinje, 2006, Menart Records
Morska svitanja, 2013, Scardona
References
External links
diskografija.com – Vinko Coce
1954 births
2013 deaths
People from Trogir
20th-century Croatian male singers
Croatian pop singers
21st-century Croatian male singers
Claes Håkan Sörman (born 17 February 1952) is a Swedish civil servant who served as Governor of Jönköping County from 1 October 2016 to 30 September 2017. They previously served as CEO of the Swedish Association of Local Authorities and Regions from 2004 to 2016 and before that as chief director of Södertälje Municipality from 1991 to 2003.
References
External links
Länsstyrelsen: Landshövdingens biografi
Living people
1952 births
Swedish civil servants
Swedish chief executives
Politicians from Stockholm
Independent politicians in Sweden
Stockholm School of Economics alumni
Anton Yuryevich Shibalov (; born 25 April 1984) is a Russian rally raid driver who specializes in the truck category.
Career
Shibalov made their Dakar Rally debut in the 2014 edition, finishing in 5th position in the general classification. In the 2020 edition, they achieved their best performance finishing in second position behind their teammate Andrey Karginov.
In other events outside the Dakar Rally, they won the Silk Way Rally in the 2019 edition, having finished second and third in 2017 and 2018 respectively. They have also won the Africa Eco Race three times in the 2013, 2015 and 2016 editions.
Dakar Rally results
2018: On Stage 11 disqualified for omitting control points after their truck caught fire
Winner
Silk Way Rally: 2019
Africa Race: 2013, 2015, 2016
The Great Steppe: 2014, 2015
References
External links
Profile on Dakar Rally
Profile on Kamaz Master
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Moscow
Russian rally drivers
Off-road racing drivers
Rally raid truck drivers
Dakar Rally drivers
Elk Park may refer to:
Elk Park, North Carolina
Elk Park Pass, near Butte, Montana
The village or hamlet of Gatehead is located in East Ayrshire, Parish of Kilmaurs, Scotland. It is one and a quarter mile from Crosshouse and one and a half miles from Kilmarnock. In the 18th and 19th centuries the locality was a busy coal mining district. The settlement runs down to the River Irvine where a ford and later a bridge was located.
Introduction
Gatehead, an old colliers' village,Groome, Francis H. (1903). Ordnance Gazetteer of Scotland. Pub. Caxton. London. p. 643. lies at or near the junction of several roads, namely the main road to Kilmarnock, Dundonald & Troon , nearby are other roads that run to Symington or Kilmarnock via Old Rome and Earlston, another to Springside, North Ayrshire or Crosshouse via Craig and yet another to Crosshouse, branching off the main Kilmarnock road. The settlement no doubt developed to cater for travelers on these roads and from the railway which was used also by carts and pedestrians as a 'toll' road or tramway prior to 1846. The local shop and post office next to the old station closed within the last ten years (1985 OS). The River Irvine forms the boundary with South Ayrshire, previously 'Kyle and Carrick', Parish of Dundonald.
History
Gatehead is most likely to have been named after the Turnpike road and the toll bar or gate. A 'Gatehead Toll Bar' is still marked nearby on the road to Laigh Milton mill and the Craig House estate as late as 1860 on the Ordnance Survey (OS) map of that year. 'Gatehead' is apparently first recorded marked on General Roy's Military Survey map of Scotland (1745–55) and then by Armstrong's 1775 map. The RCAHMS website records the site of a Tollhouse at NS 3898 3670.
Archibald Adamson records a walk through Old Rome and Gatehead in 1875. They mention a neat lodge house at Fairlie, then owned by a Captain Tait and records that the Irvine bridge has recently replaced an older one. The Old Rome miners cottages are in ruins following the local coal pits being worked out and the distillery ruins are still apparent. They go on to say that Gatehead was established around fifty years back, i.e. circa 1825, and has neither kirk, smithy, mill nor market, but it does have a station.
Laigh Milton viaduct over the River Irvine stands nearby. This is the oldest railway viaduct in Scotland, and one of the oldest in the world.
The Cochrane Inn is likely to have originally been a coaching inn, serving the stagecoach route from Kilmarnock to Troon and Ayr. A milestone near the Crosshouse junction on the main road in 1860 gave Troon as 7 miles and Dundonald as 2 miles and another near the junction for Laigh Milton Mill gave Ayr as 10 miles and Kilmarnock as 2 miles.
A hamlet called 'Milton' is marked on the 1821 and 1828 maps, but the name is not marked on the 1860 and the more recent OS maps. Laigh Milton mill still stands, but is now in a ruinous condition (2007). A laithe or saw mill existed across the river from Craig House, which had its own mill and a ford, together with another mill near Drybridge at 'Girtrig' or previously 'Greatrig'.
A 'Romford', 'Rameford', 'Room' or 'Rome Ford' was situated where the modern road bridge crossing the River Irvine is located. In Scots 'Rommle' is to rumble or stir violently, a more likely explanation than some memory of the Roman occupation of Scotland. Another suggestion is that 'Room' or 'Rome' in Scots meant a small farm. Both Thomson and Ainslie show the railway apparently branching and crossing the Irvine by means of a bridge near to the ford and this branch or mineral line halting near Fairlie House on Thomson's map and carrying on towards Symington on Ainslie's map. This branch may never have been built, shown due to its planned, but not executed, construction.
The railway level crossing has been here since the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway opened in 1811, but as stated, the name 'Gatehead' predates the railway. A stable was located hereabouts and the horses pulling the wagons were changed here. Gatehead railway station closed in 1967, having opened with the rest of the line on 6 July 1812. The 1860 OS map shows a milepost indicating Kilmarnock at 2 miles and Troon at 7 miles.
A distillery once existed near Old Rome, although no signs of its existence are now visible. A smithy existed, as marked on the 1880s OS. It was on the left-hand side, just across the bridge from Old Rome. A school existed at Old Rome that may also have been used by pupils from Gatehead.
Estates
Gatehead was surrounded by several country estates which provided employment and helped create the need for the establishment of settlements such as Old Rome and Gatehead.
The Craig estate of the Dunlops and more recently the Pollok-Morrises, lying within the ancient Barony of Robertoun, lay just beyond Laigh Milton Mill and the Fairlie estate is just across the River Irvine. Capringtoun, a Cunninghame clan estate is nearby and Thorntoun and Carmel Bank (previously known as Mote or Moit in 1604), previously another Cunninghame property lies near Springside.
Craig House was sold after WWII to Glasgow Corporation as a 'respite home' for mainly Glaswegian children, After the school closed it was badly vandalized and eventually burnt out becoming a ruin. It has since been rebuilt and converted into flats with executive style houses built in the grounds extending right up to the mansion.
Fairlie was locally termed "Fairlie o' the five lums" according to Adamson in 1875, on account of the five large chimneys in a row along the roof ridge of the mansion. Fairlie had been known as 'Little Dreghorn', until William Fairlie of Bruntsfield gave it their family name in around 1704. Robert Gordon's manuscript map of ca. 1636 – 52 indicates a small mansion at 'Little Drogarn', and it has been suggested by McNaught that the woodland here was locally known as 'Old Rome Forest' at this time. The 'Laird of Fairlie' also owned Arrothill. Sir William Cunninghame of Fairlie and Robertland is recorded by George Robertson in 1823 as living "in a shewy modern mansion", i.e. Fairlie. A mineral spring known as 'Spiers Well' existed near Gatehead in 1789.
At the time of Alexander Fairlie one of their estate workers, Josey Smith, composed the following lines :-
The Barony of Robertoun
This barony, once part of the Barony of Kilmaurs, ran from Kilmaurs south to the river Irvine. It had no manor house and belonged to the Eglinton family latterly. The following properties were part of the barony: Gatehead, parts of Kilmaurs, Craig, Woodhills, Greenhill, Altonhill, Plann, Hayside, Thorntoun, Rash-hill Park, Milton, Windyedge, Fardelhill, Muirfields, Corsehouse and Knockentiber and Busbie.
Robert Burns
Robert Burns' father worked on the Fairlie Estate as a gardener for a time. Old Rome Forest or Old Room Ford was a house in the Fairlie estate where Jean Brown, an aunt of Burns on their mother's side, lived with their husband, James Allan. When Burns had to go into hiding as a result of James Armour's warrant for their arrest, the poet stayed at their aunt's house. Nothing remains of Old Rome Forest, but according to Duncan M'Naught, (in an article in the Burns Chronicle, 1893) the house was on the Fairlie estate. McNaught states that Fairlie House was called 'Old Rome Forest' in their day.
Collieries and Coal Pits
A branch of railway (sic) ran in from the Kilmarnock and Troon 'main line' near Gateside to coal works belonging to Sir William Cuninghame of Robertland Bart. The length of the branch was four furlongs and one hundred and seven yards nearly. The line crossed the river downstream of the Romeford bridge.
On the 1923 OS mineral lines still run to collieries near Earlston, Nether Craig and Cockhill farm (Fairlie (Pit No.3)). Earlston has a sawmill marked as well. The 1860 OS names the 'Fairlie Branch' and indicates its operation by the Glasgow and South Western Railway company. The bridges built for these lines are still clearly visible with the exception of the wooden bridge crossing the river near the original stone viaduct. The latter either being demolished or succumbing to the elements when the main line was moved to its current position. The 1895 OS shows a colliery at Templeton near Earlston and another mineral line running up to a colliery at Bogside near Ellerslie in Kilmarnock. A coal pit is marked at Old Rome in 1860, with miners rows and a school. The school building survives as a private house, being the last building (2007) on the left before the junction for Symington. Another coal-pit was located near a smithy opposite Peatland House. John Finnie of 'Kilmarnock fame' enlarged Peatland House for their sisters.
Farms
West and East Gatehead Farms are close by, New Bogside is on the direct Crosshouse road, while Arrathill (1860 OS) or Arrothill (1985 OS) farm lies across the river towards Earlston. An Arrathill Mount overlooks Old Rome . In 1829 the Kilmarnock & Troon Railway agreed to pay compensation to the Earl of Eglinton of £185.13s.10d for damage to East & West Gatehead Farms and land used.
Cholera
In 1832 an outbreak of Cholera claimed many lives in Kilmaurs and to prevent the entrance of strangers or vagrants, guards were placed at Gatehead, Knockentiber and other places to prevent any communication between the occupants of Kilmaurs and the rest of the community.
Scrappy
There was a scrap metal yard in the village which was located on the main road just south of the existing railway . This site could have possibly been sidings of the rail network and railway station which was on the north side of the railway . The site, which was surrounded by a mesh fence on the south village side and a sandstone wall on the main road and railway sides had a large Sandstone building was located within it . When the Yard was closed the land was used to build houses on .
Views in and around Gatehead – 2007
A Map of the Parish of Kilmaurs
See also
Kilmarnock College
Ayrshire College
Agnes Broun
Earlston, East Ayrshire
Old Rome, South Ayrshire
Allan Line Royal Mail Steamers
Murder of James Young - the act took place near Fortacres Farm.
References
External links
Video and commentary on Old Rome and Gatehead.
Maps at the National Library of Scotland.
1860 OS Maps.
General Roy's Military Survey map of Scotland.
A Researcher's Guide to Local History terminology
Kilmarnock
Villages in East Ayrshire
Hamlets in Scotland
The Atlanta Black Crackers (originally known as the Atlanta Cubs and later briefly the Indianapolis ABCs) were a professional Negro league baseball team which played during the early to mid-20th century. They were primarily a minor Negro league team; however in the brief period they played as a major Negro league team, they won the second half pennant of the Negro American League in 1938 but lost the play-off for the overall season title.
Beginnings
The Atlanta Black Crackers were founded as the Atlanta Cubs as a semiprofessional team of black college students. They began to play independently in 1919 and changed their name to the Black Crackers because fans had already begun to call them by that name. They were named after the local white league team, the Atlanta Crackers, of the Class A Southern Association. It was not unusual for white and Negro league teams to have similar names, but in this case "Cracker" happened to be a colloquial and pejorative nickname for rural southern Whites.
League play
Negro Southern League
The Black Crackers joined the minor league Negro Southern League (NSL) in March 1920. Their uniforms, bats, baseballs, and other supplies were donated by their white Southern Association counterpart, the Atlanta Crackers. They were slated to play the 1921 season in the newly formed Negro Southeastern League under the Cubs moniker, however no records have been found of the league playing a season; they instead continued competing as the Black Sox in the NSL.
From 1922 through 1925, the Black Crackers played an independent barnstorming schedule and did not participate in any league play. After taking a two year hiatus, the NSL re-grouped for the 1926 season and Atlanta was included in the league schedule for 1926 and 1927. When the NSL again went on hiatus in 1928, the Black Crackers returned to barnstorming. In 1929, Atlanta returned to the NSL, this time known as the Grey Sox, however after the season they returned to barnstorming.
By 1932, the Great Depression had decimated the profits of most Negro league teams and only a few organized Negro leagues survived. Atlanta had trouble profiting on their own causing them to go back to playing a league schedule. The NSL was considered the highest quality surviving league and it therefore became the de facto major league for the 1932 season and was the only organized league to complete their full schedule. After the season, the Black Crackers once again played on their own for another two seasons.
W. B. Baker brought Atlanta back to the NSL in 1935 and 1936, but the NSL collapsed for the last time after the 1936 season. Some of its member teams folded as well, but the Black Crackers were invited into the newly organized Negro American League.
The Atlanta Black Crackers left the NSL having a few solid years, but never finishing above the middle of the pack and finishing last in 1926 and 1927.
Negro American League
After W. B. Baker died suddenly, new owner John H. Harden took over in 1937 barnstorming in the north. Harden put together a talented roster and the team started winning quickly.
In 1938 the Black Crackers were invited to play in a year-old major league, the Negro American League. They went on to have a very strong year, finishing in first place for the second half of the season, but scheduling problems and umpire controversies caused their Pennant series with the first-half champion Memphis Red Sox to be canceled.
Unable to draw sufficient crowds in Atlanta, Harden took the team to Indianapolis following the 1938 season, and played as the fourth team to use the name "Indianapolis ABCs". At the conclusion of the 1939 season, the team disbanded due to low attendance.
Home fields
The team played their home games at Ponce de Leon Park, along with the white Atlanta Crackers. However, the Black Crackers were not allowed to play at Ponce de Leon Park when the Crackers had a home game. The Black Crackers were then forced to play at either Morehouse College or Morris Brown College.
MLB throwback jerseys
On June 28, 1997, the Atlanta Braves wore 1938 Black Crackers home uniforms and the visiting Philadelphia Phillies wore 1938 Philadelphia Stars road uniforms. The teams wore these same uniforms again for their matchup on May 14, 2011. On April 27, 2013, the Braves sported Black Crackers throwbacks in a game against the Detroit Tigers. On May 3, 2014, the Braves wore the Black Crackers jerseys in a game against the San Francisco Giants. On June 20, 2015, the Braves again wore the Black Crackers uniform in a game against the New York Mets, who wore the uniform of the Brooklyn Royal Giants to honor the Negro League. On May 15, 2016, the Braves wore Black Crackers away jerseys while playing against the Kansas City Royals, who wore Kansas City Monarchs jerseys. All game-worn gear from this game was auctioned off as a fundraiser for the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum.
References
External links
1920 Atlanta Black Crackers Calendar
Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives, and Rare Book Library, Emory University: Atlanta Black Crackers oral history interviews, 1973-1974
1919 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
1939 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Negro league baseball teams
Sports teams in Atlanta
Baseball teams established in 1919
Sport clubs disestablished in 1939
Defunct baseball teams in Georgia
Professional baseball teams in Georgia (U.S. state)
Baseball teams disestablished in 1939
Mélusine (2005) is a fantasy novel by Sarah Monette. It is the first book of the Doctrine of Labyrinths series, which includes The Virtu, The Mirador, and Corambis. It was well received upon its release; Publishers Weekly gave it a starred review and called it "extraordinary".
Plot summary
The story revolves around two characters: magician Felix Harrowgate and thief Mildmay the Fox, who live in vastly different parts of the city of Mélusine. They are tossed together by fate when Felix is accused of destroying the crystal Virtu, an orb which channels the magical energy of the magicians in Mélusine.
Characters
Felix Harrowgate
A wizard who, at the start of the novel, is living with the elite of the city in the Mirador. When their sordid past is revealed to their upper-class lover, they retreat to their former master and mentor Malkar Gennadion.
Mildmay the Fox
A thief in the Lower City. When they accept what they believe to be a simple job of stealing jewelry from a nobleman, they get entangled in the magic and politics of the city.
Ginevra Thomson
The jilted mistress of a nobleman. They hire Mildmay to steal their jewels from their ex-lover.
Malkar Gennadion
A magician who was once Felix's master and lover. They physically and magically rapes Felix and binds them in order to force Felix to shatter the Virtu.
Shannon Teverius
Felix's nobleman lover who abandons them once they learn of Felix's background.
See also
Doctrine of Labyrinths
References
External links
Sarah Monette's official site
2005 American novels
American fantasy novels
Novels about rape
Ace Books books
2005 debut novels
Lavant is a civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England, north of Chichester. It includes three villages: Mid Lavant and East Lavant, which are separate Anglican parishes, and the much smaller West Lavant. It takes its name from the River Lavant which flows from East Dean to Chichester.
The A286 road between Chichester and Midhurst runs through the parish.
The villages were served by a station in Mid Lavant, on the railway line that ran between Chichester and Midhurst, but this closed in stages between 1931 and 1991.
History
Prehistory
In 1993, the Lavant drum, a small Neolithic cylinder, was discovered during excavations at Chalk Pit Lane. It is one of only five known objects of its type, and the only one discovered outside of Yorkshire. (The other four are the three Folkton drums, discovered in 1889 in North Yorkshire, and the Burton Agnes drum, discovered in 2015 in East Yorkshire.) It has been suggested that these objects were tools used to measure cord to standard lengths which were used in the construction of monuments such as Stonehenge and the timber circle at Durrington Walls.
East Lavant
East Lavant was listed in the Domesday Book.
In 1861, the population of the parish (with West Lavant) was 421, and the area was .
Mid Lavant
Mid Lavant (Loventone) was listed in the Domesday Book (1086) in the ancient hundred of Singleton as having 20 households: 10 villagers and 10 smallholders; with ploughing land and a mill, it had a value to the lords of the manor, Guy of Lavant and Ivo of Grandmesnil, of £9.
In 1861, the area of the small parish was , and described in Kelly's Directory of 1867 as "principally arable". The population in 1861 was 257. The Duke of Richmond was the principal landowner and patron of the parish church. The village pub is named after the Earl of March.
The parish church is dedicated to St Nicholas. It contains the May family vault, with a monument of Lady Mary May by John Bushnell.
Landmarks
Kingley Vale lies on the border of the parish; it is a Site of Special Scientific Interest, a national nature reserve and is noted for its yew woodlands. Archaeological remains from the Bronze Age, Iron Age and Roman times have been identified.
Governance
An electoral ward in the same name exists. This ward includes Westhampnett with a total ward population taken at the 2011 census of 2,365.
Sport
Lavant is home to two sporting clubs, Lavant Football Club and Lavant Cricket Club.
Notable people
William Humphry (1814-1865), cricketer
References
Chichester District
Civil parishes in West Sussex
"Sweet Harmony" is a song by British band the Beloved, released on 11 January 1993 as the first and lead single from their second studio album, Conscience (1993). It remains the band's biggest hit, peaking at number eight in the UK and becoming a club staple. The single was followed by a much talked about music video consisting of the band's singer nude and surrounded by nude women in a heaven-like setting. The video was based on the record sleeve on the Jimi Hendrix album Electric Ladyland from 1968.
"Sweet Harmony" was also included on the band's compilation albums, Single File in 1997, The Sun Rising in 2005 and Sweet Harmony: The Very Best Of The Beloved in 2011.
Background and release
"Sweet Harmony" was written and produced by founder member of the Beloved and singer Jon Marsh and their wife, Helena Marsh. It was also the first single after the departure of Steve Waddington and was recorded at Sarm West Studios in London. It was used to promote the second season of the American soap opera Melrose Place in several European countries. The single was released on 11 January 1993. It peaked at number three in Austria, number six in Germany and Switzerland, number seven in Greece, and number eight in the United Kingdom. In the latter, it peaked in its second week at the UK Singles Chart, on 24 January 1993. It stayed at that position for two weeks. The song was also a top-20 hit in Denmark, France, Ireland, Italy and Sweden. On the Eurochart Hot 100, "Sweet Harmony" reached number 20. Outside Europe, it was a top-10 hit in Israel and peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart in the United States.
Critical reception
AllMusic editor Jon O'Brien described the song as a "glorious slice of ice-cool synth pop which manages to be both brooding and euphoric at the same time". Larry Flick from Billboard noted it as a "thumping dance ditty" with "slight techno nuances, an uplifting lyrical message, and singer Jon Marsh's warm, soothing tones [that] add up to a delightful jam." They added that "lyrically, "Sweet Harmony" is typical Beloved fare: spiritually uplifting and philosophical." Marisa Fox from Entertainment Weekly commented that "whereas Bryan Ferry infused rock with sensuality, Marsh and their wife-partner, Helena, lace their ethereal mix with house grooves that seduce and hypnotize." They added that the video "features a nude Marsh humming amidst a bevy of bare bohemian babes, all seated in a swirling mist. Music to steam by indeed."
Dave Sholin from the Gavin Report wrote that "doing their part to end the divisivness around the globe, The Beloved do some positive preaching backed by the catchy dance/pop that's their trademark. Nothing like a positive message to inspire hope and encourage unity." Music writer James Masterton stated in their weekly UK chart commentary, that "the new Beloved single crashes in at 9 and has to be favoured for a possible No.1." Pan-European magazine Music & Media said the "synth-dominated tune is a traditional verse-chorus pop song, which means very melodic and radio friendly." Alan Jones from Music Week described it as "slowly throbbing". Rune Slyngstad from Norwegian newspaper Nordlandsposten noted it as "catchy, synth-oriented pop not far from Pet Shop Boys at their best." Anita Naik from Smash Hits, stated that the song is "wonderful" and "heartfelt stuff".
Music video
The music video for "Sweet Harmony" was directed by Big TV. It consisted of a nude and seated Jon Marsh surrounded by nude women - including Tess Daly - lipsynching the lyrics. It is based on the record sleeve on Jimi Hendrix' 1968 album Electric Ladyland, which was taken by photographer David Montgomery. Clouds, fog, and white-out effects were used to create a high contrast, while the participants used their arms, legs and hair to cover themselves. In an interview, Marsh said that the video was "not intended to be sexual" and was "as asexual as you can get". The video is supposed to represent unity between humans. It was nominated for the International Viewer's Choice Award for MTV Europe at MTV Europe Music Awards in 1993.
This music video was later spoofed in 1998 by rapper John Forté in the song "Ninety Nine (Flash The Message)" from the album Poly Sci in which the same scenes with nude women is featured, except they have chainsaws.
Track listings
7-inch single
"Sweet Harmony" — 5:02
"Motivation" (Energised)
12-inch single
"Sweet Harmony" (Live The Dream Mix) — 7:15
"Sweet Harmony" — 5:02
"Motivation" (Empathised) — 6:44
"Sweet Harmony" (Fertility Dance Mix) — 5:56
CD single
"Sweet Harmony" — 5:02
"Motivation" (Energised)
CD maxi
"Sweet Harmony" — 5:04
"Sweet Harmony" (Live The Dream Mix) — 7:15
"Motivation" (Exercised) — 7:11
"Sweet Harmony" (Love The Dub Mix) — 5:14
EP
For the 7-track "Sweet Harmony" EP, see the Conscience album.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover versions
In 2000, the song was covered on Spanish language by Spanish band Fangoria and Los Sencillos, with lyrics "Dulce armonia". This version is included on the album Interferencias.
In 2002, the song was covered by British producer Vincent Stormfield and released as "Sweet Harmony '02" by Independiente.
In 2007, the song was covered by Polish pop group Feel on their multi-platinum selling debut album.
In 2007, Ukrainian pop group Tokio released a cover version of the song in the Russian language called "My budem vmeste" ("Мы будем вместе") ("We'll be Together").
In 2014, Israeli pop singer Mei Finegold released a dance version with Shlomi Levi and Shai Rokach which acted as one of the Israeli Pride 2014 official anthems.
2014. Man without Country released a single with a cover of the song
In 2016, the song was covered by Sans Souci featuring Pearl Andersson.
In 2017, Liverpudlian indie band They Drew The Gun recorded the song, and accompanied it with a video.
In 2017, Xenturion Prime released a cover of the song.
In 2019, Moderno released a cover of the song, with remixes.
In 2020, Hungarian dj & producer duo Stadiumx made a track, called "Sweet Harmony"; which is the Future House implementation of the original song.
In 2022, Vini Vici & Berg made a track, called "Sweet Harmony"; which is the psy-trance implementation of the original song.
In popular culture
The song appears in the 1993 film, Piccolo grande amore.
The music video appears in the Beavis and Butt-head episode "Politically Correct", where the duo enjoys the video due to the "nude chicks" and Butt-head stating that it was the "coolest video [he has] ever seen."
An extended version of the song was used during the end credits of a season 7 episode of Dalziel and Pascoe.
The song appears in the 2006 film Alien Autopsy starring Ant and Dec.
The song appears briefly on the episode "Follow the Money" from season 3 of the TV series Narcos.
References
1992 songs
1993 singles
East West Records singles
Electronica songs
Music videos directed by Big T.V.
Songs written by Helena Marsh
Songs written by Jon Marsh
The Beloved (band) songs
Elsa Stansfield (19452004) was a Scottish artist, known for their video art and installations. They were born in Glasgow on 12 March 1945, and died in Amsterdam in 2004.
From 1962-1965 Stansfield studied at the Glasgow School of Art. After that they studied photography and film at the Ealing School of Art & Design in London and Film studies at the Slade, University College London. In 1980 the artist moved to The Netherlands where they became head of the Time Based Media Department at the Jan van Eyck Academy in Maastricht until 1991.
In 1972 the artist started to collaborate with Madelon Hooykaas with whom, over the course of thirty years, until Stansfield's death, they made videotapes, video-installations, video-sculptures, sound sculptures and interactive installations and outdoor sculptural works.
Early years
Elsa Alexandra Stansfield was born on 12 March 1945 in Glasgow of Canadian-Scottish and Swiss parentage. After what could be called a difficult start to life, a harmony was found in the home of a Glasgow family, the Stansfield's.
At 16 they were awarded a place as a full-time student in the Glasgow School of Art (1962-1965).
After 3 years of study in drawing and painting, they decided to specialise in photography and film. With the help of a grant, they moved to London, where they continued their studies at the Ealing School of Photography (1965-1967). In this college they made their first film, an interpretation on the Aesop's fable The Ant and the Grasshopper, a 15 min. colour and monochrome experimental film of the fable in today's city.
Advised by Peter Montagnon (then Head of BBC Open University) and with the support of Professor Thorold Dickinson, Stansfield studied film at the Slade School of Fine Art, London, from 1967 to 1969.
In the last year of college they worked as assistant in film production and editing.
Also during the same year Elsa was curating film programmes and running the Arts Lab. cinema in Drury Lane London, the first experimental laboratory for film and theatre in England.
At the age of 24, Stansfield worked as producer for an American backed film ‘Journey to the East', spending 3 months in India setting the production and later co-ordinating it back to London.
On returning to London (1970) they established the ‘Eight, Nine and Ten' Studio with the film director and editor Patricia Holland, and Electrophon Music with Delia Derbyshire and Brian Hodgson. The Studio meant to be a place for film editing with post-production facilities. This project involved the gradual conversion of a Covent Garden warehouse at 8, 9 and 10 Neals Yard.
In this studio some of Stansfield's works were produced. These include:
‘The Yak', a series of animated children's films for television: Camera and sound for nos. 1 to 6
‘Space', a 20 min. colour documentary on the problems of studio spaces for artists: production, sound and editing
‘Red, Red, Red', a 20 min. film on commune life in Devon, B.F.I. Production: production and sound
‘Bridget Riley', a 35 mm colour film on the artist's retrospective at the Hayward Gallery: production and direction
‘Behind the veil" by Eve Arnold, a 50 min. colour documentary on women in the Middle East, B.B.C. production: sound
‘Circle of Light' by Antony Roland, a 30 min. colour documentary on the work of Pamela Bone: soundtrack in collaboration with Delia Derbyshire.
Collaboration with Madelon Hooykaas
In 1972 Stansfield also started an intensive collaboration in the field of film with the Dutch photographer and filmmaker Madelon Hooykaas in London and Amsterdam. Their first movie, ‘Een van die dagen' (One of Those Days) was broadcast by Dutch public TV in 1973. It was also shown at festivals in London, Toronto and New York. After that followed ‘Overbruggen' (About Bridges) (1975), which was shown in several festivals including Cork, Rotterdam, and Grenoble.
Under the name Stansfield/Hooykaas they made their first video installations from 1975 onwards including ‘What's It to You?' (1975), Journeys (1976), Just Like That (1977) and ‘Split Seconds' (1979).
In 1975 Stansfield moved their studio from Covent Garden to Wapping in East London.
In 1978 they were awarded the first video Bursary of the Arts Council of Britain at Maidstone College of Art, Kent, which was established by David Hall, ‘the Godfather of British video art'.
Moving to the Netherlands in 1980
In 1980 Stansfield was asked to create a Time Based Media Department at the Jan van Eyck Academy, Maastricht. This was the first media department in a postgraduate academy in the Netherlands. They also started to build a video collection for the Academy.
For this reason they moved from London to Maastricht, in the South of the Netherlands. International participants included David Garcia, Annie Wright, Paul Landon en Roos Theuws.
They organized several seminal symposiums including ‘Video Maart' (1981), and the symposium for the exhibition ‘The Luminous Image' (1984), which included videotapes and installations by Marina Abramović and Ulay, Vito Acconci, Max Almy, Dara Birnbaum, Michel Cardena, Brian Eno, Kees de Groot, Nan Hoover, Michael Klier, Shigeko Kubota, Thierry Kuntzel, Marie-Jo Lafontaine, Mary Lucier, Marcel Odenbach, Tony Oursler, Nam June Paik, Al Robbins, Lydia Shouten, Elsa Stanfield and Madelon Hooykaas, Francesc Torres, Bill Viola, and Robert Wilson, in collaboration with the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam.
In 1986 Stansfield moved to Amsterdam while they worked as a Professor at the Jan van Eyck Academy until 1991.
Stansfield and Hooykaas' work deals with the relation between nature and spirituality and explores scientific principles and natural forces such as radio waves and magnetic fields. They make use of contemporary technology such as film, audio and video in combination with organic materials such as sand, glass and copper. In their work they show that everything that exists is animated by movement and change.
For thirty-two years Stansfield and Hooykaas worked together and produced over hundred and fifty works, until Elsa Stansfield died unexpectedly in 2004.
British video art pioneer David Hall commented on Stansfield's death:
"Elsa was the first artist to be awarded an Arts Council bursary to work with video in my department at Maidstone College of Art in the mid-seventies. Later, from 1980, as head of time-based media at the Jan van Eyck Academy, Maastricht, Holland, they enthusiastically organised international seminars and exhibitions. Them work in association with Madelon Hooykaas will be remembered as of profound importance in the developing European video art scene".
Tate Britain acquired Journeys (1976) by Hooykaas/Stansfield in 2018.
References
External links
Stansfield / Hooykaas
Madelon Hooykaas
Elsa Stansfield | Pioneer of European artists video | Variant 23
Elsa Stansfield - Artists - LUX Collection
Elsa Stansfield
1945 births
2004 deaths
Artists from Glasgow
Alumni of the Glasgow School of Art
British video artists
Women video artists
Scottish artists
Artists from London
Artists from Amsterdam
Łazy Leśne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
External links
Jewish Community in Łazy Leśne on Virtual Shtetl
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
"But It's Cheating" is a single by Canadian country music group Family Brown. Released in 1980, it was the first single from their seventh studio album Nothing Really Changes. The song reached number one on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada in September 1980. The song was re-released in early 1982, peaking at number 30 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in the United States.
Charts
References
1980 singles
Family Brown songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Barry Brown (Canadian musician)
1980 songs
Nuno Albertino Varela Tavares (born 26 January 2000) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Ligue 1 club Marseille, on loan from Premier League club Arsenal.
Club career
Benfica
Born in Lisbon of Cape Verdean descent, Tavares finished their development with Benfica after three years at city rivals Sporting CP and two stints with Casa Pia. They made their senior debut with the former's reserves in the LigaPro, their first match being a 3–2 home win against Covilhã on 27 October 2018.
Tavares made their debut with the first team on 4 August 2019, playing 90 minutes in the 5–0 victory over Sporting in the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira at the Estádio Algarve. They played their first game in the Primeira Liga the following week, opening an eventual 5–0 home defeat of Paços de Ferreira and adding two assists.
During their spell at the club, Tavares made 41 competitive appearances.
Arsenal
On 10 July 2021, Tavares joined Arsenal on a long-term contract in a deal worth around £8 million. They made their Premier League debut on 13 August, coming on as a late substitute for Calum Chambers in a 2–0 away defeat to Brentford. They scored their first goal on 23 April 2022, through a calm tap-in after David de Gea had saved Bukayo Saka's curl in the third minute of an eventual 3–1 home win against Manchester United.
On 30 July 2022, Tavares moved to Ligue 1 club Marseille on a season-long loan. They scored on their debut, a 4–1 home victory over Reims. They repeated the feat the following matchday, in the 1–1 draw at Brest.
International career
Tavares won their first cap for Portugal at under-21 level on 10 September 2019, in a 2–0 win in Belarus for the 2021 UEFA European Championship qualifiers. On 7 October 2021, against Liechtenstein in the next edition, they scored the first goal in the 11–0 rout in Vizela.
Media
Tavares was involved in the Amazon Original sports docuseries All or Nothing: Arsenal, which documented the club by spending time with the coaching staff and players behind the scenes both on and off the field throughout their 2021–22 season.
Career statistics
Honours
Benfica
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 2019
References
External links
Arsenal official profile
Premier League official profile
National team data
2000 births
Living people
Portuguese sportspeople of Cape Verdean descent
Black Portuguese sportspeople
Portuguese footballers
Footballers from Lisbon
Association football defenders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Casa Pia A.C. players
Sporting CP footballers
S.L. Benfica B players
S.L. Benfica footballers
Premier League players
Arsenal F.C. players
Ligue 1 players
Olympique de Marseille players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portugal under-21 international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in France
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in England
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in France
Truskaw is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Izabelin, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References
Truskaw
Avelumab, sold under the brand name Bavencio, is a fully human monoclonal antibody medication for the treatment of Merkel cell carcinoma, urothelial carcinoma, and renal cell carcinoma.
Common side effects include fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, diarrhea, nausea, infusion-related reactions, rash, decreased appetite and swelling of the limbs (peripheral edema).
Avelumab targets the protein programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1). It has received orphan drug designation by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of gastric cancer in January 2017. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved it in March 2017 for Merkel-cell carcinoma. an aggressive type of skin cancer. The EMA approved it in September 2017 for the same indication. This is the first FDA-approved treatment for metastatic MCC, a rare, aggressive form of skin cancer. Avelumab was developed by Merck KGaA and Pfizer.
Medical uses
In March 2017, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted accelerated approval to avelumab for the treatment of adults and children twelve years and older with metastatic Merkel-cell carcinoma (MCC).
In May 2017, the FDA approved avelumab for people with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within twelve months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant platinum-containing chemotherapy.
In May 2019, the FDA approved avelumab in combination with axitinib for the first-line treatment of people with advanced renal cell carcinoma.
In June 2020, the FDA approved avelumab for the maintenance treatment of people with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma that has not progressed with first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy.
Contraindications
No contraindications have been specified.
Side effects
The most common serious adverse reactions to avelumab are immune-mediated adverse reactions (pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, adrenal insufficiency, hypo- and hyperthyroidism, diabetes mellitus, and nephritis) and life-threatening infusion reactions. Among the 88 patients enrolled in the JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial, the most common adverse reactions were fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, diarrhea, nausea, infusion-related reaction, rash, decreased appetite, and peripheral edema. Serious adverse reactions that occurred in more than one patient in the trial were acute kidney injury, anemia, abdominal pain, ileus, asthenia, and cellulitis.
The most common serious risks are immune-mediated, where the body's immune system attacks healthy cells or organs, such as the lungs (pneumonitis), liver (hepatitis), colon (colitis), hormone-producing glands (endocrinopathies) and kidneys (nephritis). In addition, there is a risk of serious infusion-related reactions. Patients who experience severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions should stop using avelumab. Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not take avelumab because it may cause harm to a developing fetus or a newborn baby.
Interactions
As avelumab is an antibody, no pharmacokinetic interactions with other drugs are expected.
Pharmacology
Mechanism of action
Avelumab is a whole monoclonal antibody of isotype IgG1 that binds to the programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) and therefore inhibits binding to its receptor programmed cell death 1 (PD-1). Formation of a PD-1/PD-L1 receptor/ligand complex leads to inhibition of CD8+ T cells, and therefore inhibition of an immune reaction. Immunotherapy aims at ceasing this immune blockage by blocking those receptor ligand pairs. In the case of avelumab, the formation of PD-1/PDL1 ligand pairs is blocked and CD8+ T cell immune response should be increased. PD-1 itself has also been a target for immunotherapy. Therefore, avelumab belongs to the group of immune checkpoint blockade cancer therapies.
History
As of May 2015, according to Merck KGaA and Pfizer, avelumab has been in Phase I clinical trials for bladder cancer, stomach cancer, head and neck cancer, mesothelioma, NSCLC, ovarian cancer and renal cancer. For Merkel-cell carcinoma, Phase II has been reached and for NSCLC there is also a study in Phase III.
In May 2017, avelumab was approved in the United States for the treatment of adults and children twelve years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC), including those who have not received prior chemotherapy. This is the first FDA-approved treatment for metastatic MCC, a rare, aggressive form of skin cancer.
Approval was based on data from an open-label, single-arm, multi-center clinical trial (JAVELIN Merkel 200 trial). All patients had histologically confirmed metastatic MCC with disease progression on or after chemotherapy administered for metastatic disease.
ORR was assessed by an independent review committee according to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1. The overall response rate (ORR) was 33% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 23.3, 43.8), with 11% complete and 22% partial response rates. Among the 29 responding patients, the response duration ranged from 2.8 to 23.3+ months with 86% of responses durable for 6 months or longer. Responses were observed in patients regardless of PD-L1 tumor expression or presence of Merkel cell polyomavirus.
The approval of avelumab was based on data from a single-arm trial of 88 patients with metastatic MCC who had been previously treated with at least one prior chemotherapy regimen. The trial measured the percentage of patients who experienced complete or partial shrinkage of their tumors (overall response rate) and, for patients with a response, the length of time the tumor was controlled (duration of response). Of the 88 patients who received Bavencio in the trial, 33 percent experienced complete or partial shrinkage of their tumors. The response lasted for more than six months in 86 percent of responding patients and more than 12 months in 45 percent of responding patients.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted the application for avelumab priority review, breakthrough therapy, and orphan drug designations.
The FDA granted accelerated approval of Bavencio to EMD Serono Inc.
In June 2020, avelumab was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the indication of the maintenance treatment for people with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma that has not progressed with first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy.
Efficacy of avelumab for maintenance treatment of urothelial carcinoma was investigated in the JAVELIN Bladder 100 trial (NCT02603432), a randomized, multi-center, open-label trial that enrolled 700 patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma that had not progressed with four to six cycles of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients were randomized (1:1) to receive either avelumab intravenously every 2 weeks plus best supportive care (BSC) or BSC alone. Treatment was initiated within 4–10 weeks after last chemotherapy dose.
References
External links
Breakthrough therapy
Merck brands
Monoclonal antibodies for tumors
Orphan drugs
Pfizer brands
Kim Min-tae (; born 26 November 1993) is a South Korean professional footballer who plays as a centre back for J1 League club Kashima Antlers.
Club statistics
Updated to 26 February 2022.
Honours
Nagoya Grampus
J.League Cup: 2021
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
J1 League players
Vegalta Sendai players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Kashima Antlers players
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Footballers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of South Korea
Sportspeople from Incheon
Association football defenders
The Ladies Diplomat () is a 1932 German comedy film directed by E. W. Emo and starring Mártha Eggerth, Max Hansen, and Leo Slezak. It was remade in Britain in 1934 as The Diplomatic Lover.
Synopsis
When a womanising military attaché arrives in Berlin they become entangled with a down-to-earth chorus girl Hella.
Cast
References
External links
1932 comedy films
German comedy films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by E. W. Emo
German black-and-white films
Films set in Berlin
1930s German films
The Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten (BS; ), fully the Nederlandse Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten, was a government-sanctioned union of Dutch resistance groups during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II, which had hardly cooperated until then.
History
Until 1944 the resistance groups, insofar as they were in contact, worked independently under the supervision of the Bureau Bijzondere Opdrachten (BBO, 'Office of Special Assignments') of the Dutch government-in-exile in London. When they were merged into the Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten, Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld was appointed commander of this new organization, although they remained in London. The commander of the BS in the occupied Netherlands was Colonel Henri Koot, who was in Amsterdam.
At the time the groups were united, they had less than 10,000 members between them. They were also very poorly armed, though this would improve following Allied weapon drops.
The full name of the organization was the Nederlandse Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten (NBS). The short form of the name was preferred, however, not least because the full abbreviation resembled that of the collaborationist National Socialist Movement in the Netherlands, the NSB.
The BS was created in the image of the French Forces of the Interior and enjoyed great support from Queen Wilhelmina. The organization was divided into Stoottroepen ('Assault Forces') and Bewakingstroepen ('Guard Forces'). In the still occupied part of the Netherlands, the Stoottroepen were referred to as the Strijdend Gedeelte der BS (SG; 'Combatant Division of the BS'). The men of the Stoottroepen had to come from the armed resistance. The Bewakingstroepen were made up of "those who have made themselves available to maintain or restore order and peace on the day of liberation and thereafter." They would only take to the streets after the liberation. So for the time being they were little more than members-in-waiting.
The BS was founded partly to keep the armed resistance movement manageable, especially now that it would be supplied with weapons on a large scale. The organization was bound by all sorts of rules. For example, members of the BS were only allowed to appear publicly as an army if the commander (Prince Bernhard) gave the signal. The union of the three-armed resistance groups also did not mean that those groups were immediately absorbed into the new organization. The differences between them proved too great for that.
Regular top meetings took place between the three groups under the code name "Delta-Center." "Commander Delta" was Colonel Koot. In September 1944, the OD brought in 4,000 men, the LKP 1,800 men, the RVV 1,000 men.
Members of the BS wore blue overalls as their uniform.
From September 1944 to May 1945, a total of 1,730 members of the organization were killed. The BS experienced tremendous growth from October 1944 on. That great influx started in the liberated southern provinces.
In May 1945 there were 150,000 to 200,000 members of the BS throughout the Netherlands. The entire resistance was estimated to have no more than 25,000 (in 1943) to 45,000 (1944-1945) participants.
Neither the Germans nor the Allies thought highly of the BS. The organization expected to stand "shoulder-to-shoulder" with Allied soldiers to "whip the krauts", but the Allies concluded an armistice with the Germans on 4 May 1945, which included the condition that only Allied units would disarm the Germans, and not the BS. This effectively made the Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten redundant. The Allies then forbade members of the organization from appearing armed in public, because they feared chaos would break out and BS men would lynch Germans. The organization did not comply with this ban, which, according to researchers, has led, among other things, to violence such as the 7 May shooting on Dam Square in Amsterdam.
Structure
The BS originated from the three main resistance groups:
The Ordedienst (OD; 'Order Service') was politically conservative and military in character; officers of the Netherlands Armed Forces were active in the OD. The OD was not founded as a resistance organization in the summer of 1940, but as a precaution: to maintain order in the transition period between occupation and liberation. Later in the war, many like-minded people joined them, such as members of the middle class and students. The OD started doing more and more resistance work, such as arranging hiding addresses (LO) and a lot of espionage work. Positions and ammunition depots of the Wehrmacht were placed under observation. The OD had an extensive communication network through secret transmitters and couriers.
The Landelijke Organisatie voor Hulp aan Onderduikers/Landelijke Knokploegen (LO/LKP; 'National Organization for Aid to Persons-in-hiding/National Assault Squads') was confessional - based on faith and church, especially Reformed/Protestant, with branches in the Catholic south of the Netherlands. The LKP started out as a provider of support to the LO for those in hiding, for example by raiding distribution offices to obtain ration stamps for them.
The Raad van Verzet (RVV; 'Resistance Council') was secular and politically progressive. On the Council itself was only one communist, Gerben Wagenaar; more communists were active in the RVV groups. The Council wanted to start a "real guerrilla" against the occupying forces and could find agreement within the LKP. There was a world of difference between the RVV and the OD, however. The Ordedienst distrusted the Council because of its communist influence and it did not seem entirely unlikely to OD leadership that the communists would try to revolt and seize power during a power vacuum in the wake of liberation.
Because there was a post-war shortage of former resistance fighters, many other (young) men without loyalties to any group were also able to join the BS after the war.
Awards
The Herinneringsinsigne Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten 1944-1945 () was instituted after the war by Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld.
The disorganized or spontaneously organized Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten meritoriously performed many tasks and as commander of the BS, Prince Bernhard was appointed Commander in the Military Order of William, as befits the commander of a victorious army corps. There was no decoration or visible tribute to the men of the BS. They were ineligible for the Mobilisation War Cross or the War Commemorative Cross. The Resistance Memorial Cross would not be established until December 1980.
See also
Dutch government-in-exile
Dutch resistance
Free Dutch Forces
French Forces of the Interior
References
External links
Dutch resistance
Military history of the Netherlands during World War II
Military units and formations of the Netherlands in World War II
Netherlands in World War II
Audu Bulama Bukarti is a prominent Nigerian analyst, social critique, public intellectual and human rights lawyer.
 They are currently Senior Analyst in the Extremism Policy Unit of the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change, senior non-resident at the Africa Program of the Center for Strategic and International Studies and also an opinion columnist at Daily Trust northern Nigeria's largest newspaper where they write every Wednesday.
Bulama's research focuses on violent extremist groups in sub-Saharan Africa. They have studied extremist groups in Africa for over a decade and has written many papers, commentaries, and op-eds on extremist groups' history, ideology, and strategy; deradicalization and reintegration of former fighters; and response to COVID-19, including for Foreign Policy, the Independent, the Telegraph, CNN, the Council on Foreign Relations, Hudson Institute, the National, and War on the Rocks. They have been cited several times each in The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, The Guardian, The Telegraph, and Reuters, among others. They have granted interviews various outlets of BBC World Service, Sky News, France 24, Voice of America, Al Jazeera TRT World and a host of others.
Early life and education
Bulama was born in Bukarti town of Yobe State, Nigeria, they started their education in Bukarti Primary School, Yobe, they obtained their Nigeria Certificate in Education (NCE) in 2005, from College of Education Gashua, Nigeria. they attended Bayero University, Kano between 2006 and 2011 where they obtained Bachelor of Laws (Common & Islamic Law); at Second Class Upper grade they went to Nigerian Law School where they were trained as Legal Practitioner and they were called to bar in 2012.
In 2016 Bukarki obtained their Master of Laws from Bayero University, Kano and they are currently at SOAS University of London for Doctor of Philosophy in Law.
Career
Bulama started their career as Assistant Senior Accounts Officer II at Karasuwa Local Government of Yobe State where they work for ten years that is from 2003 to 2013
in 2014 Bukarti become Lecturer at Bayero University, Kano under the department of Law up to 2018 in 2017 Bulama joined Tony Blair Institute for Global Change as Sub-Saharan Africa Analyst, they are a Human Rights and Employment Legal Practice
 They are a regular guest on Hausa- and English-language channels, including Voice of America, BBC, Aljazeera and Deutsche Welle; they have spoken at the University of Oxford and Chatham House; Harvard University, Yale University, George Washington University and many more.
Publications
The most worrying aspect of the Kankara kidnapping, African Arguments, (February 2021)
The West in African Violent Extremists' Discourse, Hudson Institute (October 2020)
The Mozambique Conflict and Deteriorating Security Situation, Tony Blair Institute for Global Change (June 2020)
A deadly alliance: coronavirus makes Boko Haram more dangerous than ever The Telegraph(June 2020)
Thanks to coronavirus, Boko Haram is making a comeback, The Independent (April 2020)
How Jihadi Groups in Africa Will Exploit COVID-19, Council on Foreign Relations (April 2020)
The Challenge of Boko Haram Defectors in Chad, War on the Rocks (March 2020)
The Origins of Boko Haram—And Why It Matters, Hudson Institute (January 2020)
References
1984 births
Living people
Bayero University alumni
People from Yobe State
Nigerian Muslims
Ship abandonment can occur for a variety of reasons and cannot be defined in a single way. Most cases are of ships abandoned by owners because of economic hardship or economic issues, for example because it becomes less expensive than continuing to operate, paying debts, port fees, crew wages, etc. The abandoned ships may remain, often with their crews as hostages, in a port for extended periods, with the crew unpaid, and possibly dangerous cargo on board. In many cases, the crew cannot leave without losing their right to be paid. Abandonment has been described as a "cancer" of the shipping industry.
If cases go to court, the sale of the vessel can be ordered, but this can take many months. Jurisdiction is often unclear because many abandoned vessels sailed under "flags of convenience" (open registries). An amendment to the Maritime Labour Convention made it easier for unpaid crew to be paid via insurance.
In 2020 the International Maritime Organization (IMO) database listed 438 ships worldwide, with 5,767 crew members, abandoned since 2004; not all cases are referred to the IMO, so the actual number is larger, but unknown. In 2020, by August 470 seafarers on 31 vessels had been abandoned. The Abandoned Seafarer Map project, an independent research tool, seeks to document all known cases of abandonment.
Seafarers' problems, including abandonment, in the Arab world and Iran were sufficiently severe for the International Transport Workers' Federation (ITF) to set up a network for the region; its coordinator said "The flood of calls to ITF in the Arab region has never stopped. Since we created the network and seafarers [became] aware of us, the numbers of calls are going up and up". the network was dealing with 15 cases of abandonment.
Notable cases
A notorious case was the 2013 abandonment of MV Rhosus in Beirut, Lebanon, the unloading and storing for years of its explosive cargo, and the ensuing catastrophic explosion on 4 August 2020. A previous crew had mutinied due to unpaid wages. When the ship docked in Beirut, it was arrested for non-payment of port dues, and the owner did not respond to the captain's communications. The captain and three crew members remained on the ship, unpaid, for a year, relying on the port agent for food and water to keep them alive. The explosive cargo was unloaded as collateral for the unpaid debts, then left for years in a warehouse until it exploded.
Celanova, a broken-down Spanish-flagged liquefied gas carrier with 15 crew trapped in Manila, Philippines for months in 2020. The ITF and the International Labour Organization intervened to allow the crew to land, and the ship was sold, presumably to pay creditors.
References
Ships
A Day at the Zoo is a 1939 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon supervised by Tex Avery. The short was produced in 1938 and released on March 11, 1939 and features an early version of Elmer Fudd.
Plot
This is one of the cartoons that Warner Bros. would occasionally produce in the late 1930s and early 1940s that was centered around a series of gags, usually based on outrageous stereotypes, plays on words, and topical references, as a narrator describes the action in a rapid-fire succession of anthropomorphic behavior, pun gags, or any combination thereof.
In this cartoon, the unifying thread is a visit to the zoo and the various animals therein: a wolf in their natural habitat (standing next to a door, a play on the phrase "wolves at the door"), a pack of camels (smoking Camels), a North American Greyhound (the bus, not the dog breed), "two bucks..." (white-tailed deer) "...and five (s)cents" (five skunks), two friendly Elks, monkeys who toss peanuts to their spectators, a baboon that convinces the zookeeper to switch the baboon's place with a similar-looking human onlooker, a monkey that scolds an old lady for defying the order not to feed the monkeys, a groundhog (and their separately housed shadow), another skunk gag in which the skunk (with its onlookers in a circle a considerable distance away) is seen reading How to Win Friends and Influence People, a giraffe that is fed its meal of corn by way of a ladder, white rabbits that "multiply" via adding machines, an owl (and the predictable "hoo/Who" gag), a "South African talking parrot" that eschews crackers for "a short beer," an "Alcatraz jailbird" who insists they are innocent alongside a stool pigeon that insists the jailbird is guilty, an ostrich laying a large egg that, when they stumble, cracks and reveals a box of a dozen chicken eggs, an elephant new to the zoo without their trunk because it got lost in luggage on the way there, pink elephants left over from last year's New Year party, two panthers pacing their cage repeating the words bread and butter to each other, a former circus performer reading a newspaper who, it is revealed, used to "thrill audiences" by putting their head into a lion's mouth (as they put the newspaper down and walks off, it is clear that a lion bit off their head), and a Rocky Mountain wildcat, gone wild because they had won a sweepstake on "bank night" (a lottery game franchise that ran during the Depression years); but they had not been present when their name was drawn and therefore could not claim the prize.
The running gag in this cartoon involves an early prototype of Elmer Fudd, who is repeatedly seen taunting a lion in its cage. The narrator repeatedly warns them to stop; each time this occurs Elmer shies away and admits (in a Lou Costello impersonation) "I'm a ba-a-ad boy", but they always return to their taunting. In the end, the lion is seen at peace; when the narrator presumes Elmer learned to leave the lion alone, the lion shakes their head in disagreement, opening their mouth to reveal their tormentor swallowed whole.
Notes
A remake/sequel, Who's Who in the Zoo, would follow in 1942, with Porky Pig as the zookeeper.
The final scene in this cartoon would be alluded to a decade later in Hare Do, in which Elmer Fudd (who evolved from their first earliest derby hatted and squinty-eyed Prototype) is swallowed up by a lion as part of the closing gag. Prototype-Elmer's next cartoon, Believe It or Else, is a parody of Ripley's Believe It or Not!
Through eBay auctions in 2007, the original titles have been found for the cartoon, but it is unknown if they have been acquired for future video releases.
This cartoon's 28-year copyright period in the United States expired in 1967 due to United Artists, the copyright owners to the pre-1948 cartoons at the time, failing to renew the copyright in time.
See also
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1929–1939)
List of films in the public domain in the United States
References
External links
1939 films
1939 animated films
1939 comedy films
Films about monkeys
Animated films about elephants
Animated films about lions
Animated films about wolves
Animated films about birds
Films set in zoos
Films directed by Tex Avery
Elmer Fudd films
Merrie Melodies short films
Articles containing video clips
Films scored by Carl Stalling
1930s Warner Bros. animated short films
1930s English-language films
Hay's test, also known as Hay's sulphur powder test, is a chemical test used for detecting the presence of bile salts in urine.
Procedure
Sulphur powder is sprinkled into a test tube with three millilitres of urine and if the test is positive, the sulphur powder sinks to the bottom of the test tube. Sulphur powder sinks because bile salts decrease the surface tension of urine.
References
Chemical tests
Locust Point Industrial Area is a neighborhood in south Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
South Baltimore
In cognitive psychology, sequence learning is inherent to human ability because it is an integrated part of conscious and nonconscious learning as well as activities. Sequences of information or sequences of actions are used in various everyday tasks: "from sequencing sounds in speech, to sequencing movements in typing or playing instruments, to sequencing actions in driving an automobile." Sequence learning can be used to study skill acquisition and in studies of various groups ranging from neuropsychological patients to infants. According to Ritter and Nerb, “The order in which material is presented can strongly influence what is learned, how fast performance increases, and sometimes even whether the material is learned at all.” Sequence learning, more known and understood as a form of explicit learning, is now also being studied as a form of implicit learning as well as other forms of learning. Sequence learning can also be referred to as sequential behavior, behavior sequencing, and serial order in behavior.
History
In the first half of the 20th century, Margaret Floy Washburn, John B. Watson, and other behaviorists believed behavioral sequencing to be governed by the reflex chain, which states that stimulation caused by an initial movement triggers an additional movement, which triggers another additional movement, and so on. In 1951, Karl Lashley, a neurophysiologist at Harvard University, published “The Problem of Serial Order in Behavior,” addressing the current beliefs about sequence learning and introducing their hypothesis. They criticized the previous view on the basis of six lines of evidence:
The first line is that movements can occur even when sensory feedback is interrupted. The second is that some movement sequences occur too quickly for elements of the sequences to be triggered by feedback from the preceding elements. Next is that the errors in behavior suggest internal plans for what will be done later. Also, the time to initiate a movement sequence can increase with the length or complexity of the sequence. The next line is the properties of movements occurring early in a sequence can anticipate later features. Then lastly the neural activity can indicate preparation of upcoming behavior events, including upcoming behavior events in the relatively long-term future.
Lashley argued that sequence learning, or behavioral sequencing or serial order in behavior, is not attributable to sensory feedback. Rather, they proposed that there are plans for behavior since the nervous system prepares for some behaviors but not others. They said that there was a hierarchical organization of plans. They came up with several lines of evidence. The first of these is that the context changes functional interpretations of the same behaviors, such as the way “wright, right, right, rite, and write” are interpreted based on the context of the sentence. “Right” can be interpreted as a direction or as something good depending on the context. A second line of evidence says that errors are involved in human behavior as hierarchical organization. In addition, “hierarchical organization of plans comes from the timing of behavioral sequences.” The larger the phrase, the longer the response time, which factors into “decoding” or “unpacking” hierarchical plans. Additional evidence is how easy or hard it is to learn a sequence. The mind can create a “memory for what is about to happen” as well as a “memory for what has happened.” The final evidence for the hierarchical organization of plans is characterized by "chunking". This skill combines multiple units into larger units.
Types of sequence learning
There are two broad categories of sequence learning—explicit and implicit—with subcategories. Explicit sequence learning has been known and studied since the discovery of sequence learning. However, recently, implicit sequence learning has gained more attention and research. As a form of implicit learning, implicit sequence learning concerns underlying learning methods of which people are unaware—in other words, learning without knowing. The exact properties and number of mechanisms of implicit learning are debated. Other forms of implicit sequence learning include motor sequence learning, temporal sequence learning, and associative sequence learning.
Sequence learning problems
Sequence learning problems are used to better understand the different types of sequence learning. There are four basic sequence learning problems: sequence prediction, sequence generation, sequence recognition, and sequential decision making. These “problems” show how sequences are formulated. They show the patterns sequences follow and how these different sequence learning problems are related to each other.
Sequence prediction attempts to predict the next immediate element of a sequence based on all the preceding elements. Sequence generation is basically the same as sequence prediction: an attempt to piece together a sequence one by one the way it naturally occurs. Sequence recognition takes certain criteria and determines whether the sequence is legitimate. Sequential decision making or sequence generation through actions breaks down into three variations: goal-oriented, trajectory-oriented, and reinforcement-maximizing. These three variations all want to pick the action(s) or step(s) that will lead to the goal in the future.
These sequence learning problems reflect hierarchical organization of plans because each element in the sequences builds on the previous elements.
In a classic experiment published in 1967, Alfred L. Yarbus demonstrated that though subjects viewing portraits reported apprehending the portrait as a whole, their eye movements successively fixated on the most informative parts of the image. These observations suggest that underlying an apparently parallel process of face perception, a serial oculomotor process is concealed. It is a common observation that when a skill is being acquired, we are more attentive in the initial phase, but after repeated practice, the skill becomes nearly automatic; this is also known as unconscious competence. We can then concentrate on learning a new action while performing previously learned actions skillfully. Thus, it appears that a neural code or representation for the learned skill is created in our brain, which is usually called procedural memory. The procedural memory encodes procedures or algorithms rather than facts.
Ongoing research
There are many other areas of application for sequence learning. How humans learn sequential procedures has been a long-standing research problem in cognitive science and currently is a major topic in neuroscience. Research work has been going on in several disciplines, including artificial intelligence, neural networks, and engineering.
For a philosophical perspective, see Inductive reasoning and Problem of induction.
For a theoretical computer-science perspective, see Solomonoff's theory of inductive inference and Inductive programming.
For a mathematical perspective, see Extrapolation.
References
Further reading
Learning
Cognitive science
Cognitive neuroscience
Motor control
Cherepanikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 33 as of 2002.
Geography
Cherepanikha is located 65 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Krasnoye is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
USS McCook (DD-496), a , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Commander Roderick S. McCook (1839–1886), who was an officer in the Union Navy during the American Civil War.
McCook was laid down on 1 May 1941 at the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corp., Seattle, Washington and launched on 30 April 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Reed Knox, granddaughter of Comdr. McCook. The ship was commissioned on 15 March 1943.
History
Initial operations
After shakedown out of San Diego, McCook sailed for the east coast 22 May 1943. They reported at Norfolk for duty in the Atlantic Fleet, 6 June, and by the end of the month had begun their first escort assignment, a convoy to Casablanca, departing Norfolk 26 June and returning 17 July. Before the end of the year they completed two more north African convoys, one to the United Kingdom and numerous escort assignments along the northeastern coast. On 15 December, they reported to COTCLANT and spent the next six weeks training destroyer crews out of Norfolk. Detached from training duties, McCook resumed escort work 31 January 1944 when they sailed for Trinidad with new aircraft carrier on their shakedown cruise, returning with them to Boston on 27 February.
Further training in antisubmarine and antiaircraft warfare took up much of March as McCook prepared to return to European waters. On 18 April, they joined Task Group 27.8 (TG 27.8) and steamed for the United Kingdom, arriving at Plymouth, England on 28 April. The destroyer continued on to Portland and from there participated in a month of intensive amphibious landing exercises at Slapton Sands and at Belfast.
At Weymouth Roads 28 May McCook was caught in an air raid in which they suffered damage to their radar, sound equipment, range finder, and main battery director in addition to having five guns disabled and losing steering control from the bridge. Luckily there were no personnel casualties. The damage threatened to keep them out of the upcoming invasion for which they had been training for the past month. But the fast and efficient craftsmen on board the destroyer tender quickly had them back in fighting trim.
Normandy landings, Operation Anvil
On 5 June, McCook departed with Destroyer Squadron 18 (DesRon 18) and ships of Assault Force "O" for the coast of France. Early 6 June, under the command of Lieutenant Commander Ralph Lester Ramey they arrived in the Baie de la Seine and at 03:20 commenced bombardment of the beaches and waterfront of the Pointe du Hoc–Vierville-sur-Mer area. By 06:16 they had neutralized them assigned targets (three pillboxes, 13 machine gun nests and three shore guns) and had begun to take on targets of opportunity. By the end of the day, they had added to their score seven pillboxes, eight gun emplacements and ten stone houses, in which enemy machine guns and snipers had been placed.
Resupplying and fueling at Portland and Plymouth, McCook continued to operate in the invasion area until 14 July. Four days later they were en route to Bizerte screening a convoy of LSTs and infantry landing craft. They delivered their charges on 28 July and steamed to Mers-el-Kebir, where they remained until 4 August. They then sailed to Naples to join the forces assembling for Operation Anvil, the invasion of southern France. On 13 August they sailed for France, arriving on 14 August to take up a screening position south of Toulon. For the next 35 days they remained in the assault area providing gunfire support and screen protection to the Allied combatants and to the supply and reinforcement convoys from Corsica and Naples.
They departed for the United States via Oran and Gibraltar on 21 September. They arrived at New York 3 October, and operated off the east coast until close to the end of the year. They again resumed transatlantic convoy duties on 28 December, completing six by 24 May 1945 when they entered the Philadelphia Navy Yard. There they commenced conversion to a destroyer-minesweeper. They were reclassified DMS-36 on 30 May.
Them conversion completed on 12 July, they conducted minesweeping exercises until 12 August. They then departed for postwar duties in the western Pacific.
Postwar services
McCook arrived at Okinawa 28 September and, after riding out two typhoons, commenced minesweeping operations in the Yellow Sea toward the end of October. Working with MinRon 1, they cut 77 of the 500 mines swept by that group during the period 23 October to 15 November.
They arrived at Sasebo for duty in the coastal waters of Japan on 17 November. Assigned a courier trip to Wakayama, 14 December, they suffered extensive damage in a typhoon on the return voyage. Repairs were begun upon their return to Sasebo on 18 November and finished the next month. They sailed to the Kure–Hiroshima area to check the swept channels in the Inland Sea on 3 February 1946. Accomplishing that mission by the 26th they steamed to Shanghai, returning two weeks later to Japan. They departed Yokosuka on 12 March for the United States, arriving at San Francisco on 31 March.
McCook remained at San Francisco until 14 January 1947 when they were ordered to San Diego. Working primarily with the Underwater Training Unit, San Diego, they operated out of that port for the next two years. They also participated in destroyer squadron exercises and battle problems off the California coast and in the Hawaiian Islands. A cruise to the Marshalls and the Marianas, 7 July to 11 September 1947, was their only oversea deployment during this period.
By January 1949, deactivation had begun aboard McCook and on 27 May they were decommissioned and was berthed at San Diego as a part of the Pacific Reserve Fleet. Reclassified DD-496 on 15 July 1955, McCook was stricken from the register on 15 January 1972. They were sold 27 August 1973 and broken up for scrap.
McCook received three battle stars for World War II service.
References
External links
navsource.org: USS McCook
hazegray.org: USS McCook
Destroyers at Normandy
World War II destroyers of the United States
Ships built in Seattle
1942 ships
Gleaves-class destroyers of the United States Navy
is a Japanese footballer who plays as a centre back for Júbilo Iwata.
Career statistics
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Júbilo Iwata players
J2 League players
Yolk of the Golden Egg is the second full-length album by Canadian post-industrial band Dandi Wind. All songs were written and produced by Szam Findlay, with Dandilion Wind Opaine providing vocals.
Critical reception
CITR-FM described the album as "violent in spirit" and "not always accessible", yet still a "worthwhile...sonic journey that challenges every spectrum of electronica." Exclaim! wrote that the album was "the electro equivalent of a machinegun blowing the locks off of cheerier electro duos", claiming that Opaine's vocals are "the most aggressive of the instruments."
Track listing
(all songs written by Szam Findlay)
Battle Of Verdun
A Lifetime
Adolescent
Powerball
Cocoon
Baying Of The Hounds
Silver Lying
Midget Palace
Yo Pinok
Johatsu
Foundling Circle
Dance Of The Paralytic
References
External links
Promotional Video by John Londono
Dandi Wind albums
2008 albums
Kevşirler, Döşemealtı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
The Mount Everest Committee was a body formed by the Alpine Club and the Royal Geographical Society to co-ordinate and finance the 1921 British Mount Everest reconnaissance expedition to Mount Everest and all subsequent British expeditions to climb the mountain until 1947. It was then renamed the Joint Himalayan Committee; this latter committee organised and financed the successful first ascent of Mount Everest in 1953.
Formation
Although Mount Everest as a mountaineering objective had been on the horizon of British alpinists for some time – Clinton Thomas Dent writing in 1885, had sketched the idea of an ascent and Dr A. M. Kellas's study 'A Consideration of the Possibility of Ascending the Loftier Himalaya' of 1916 had asserted that it was certainly possible physiologically – the initiative to form the Mount Everest Committee came from a talk given to the Royal Geographical Society in 1919 by Captain John Noel about their travels in the Everest region, and the resultant discussion.
In 1920, at the behest of Sir Francis Younghusband (the first chairperson of the committee), Colonel Charles Howard-Bury – the leader of the 1921 expedition – persuaded Sir Charles Bell to use their considerable influence with Tibetan officials to negotiate permission for a passage to Mount Everest from the northern side (the Nepalese approaches from the south were closed to foreign entry). Permission was granted by the Tibetan government for the British to proceed in the following year, 1921.
To co-ordinate and finance the reconnaissance expedition, a joint body – the Mount Everest Committee – was formed, composed of high-ranking members of the two interested parties – the Alpine Club and the Royal Geographical Society.
According to Sir Francis Younghusband:
The first serious attempt on the summit was on the 1922 expedition. However, a diplomatic debacle after the 1924 expedition, later known as the Affair of the Dancing Lamas led to expeditions being banned until 1933. The embarrassment to the committee was so great that the affair was covered up for over fifty years.
Original members
Sir Francis Younghusband (Chairman) (President, Royal Geographical Society)
Edward Somers-Cocks (Royal Geographical Society)
Colonel Jacks (Royal Geographical Society)
Professor J. Norman Collie (President, Alpine Club)
Captain John Percy Farrar (Ex-president, Alpine Club)
C. F. Meade (Alpine Club)
Mr Eaton and Mr Arthur Robert Hinks (Honorary Secretaries)
Subsequent members
Sir William Goodenough (Chairman from 1931) (President, Royal Geographical Society)
Sir Percy Cox (Chairman) (President, Royal Geographical Society)
Sir Geoffrey Corbett, representing the Himalayan Club
Robert Wylie Lloyd (Treasurer)
L. P. Kirwan (Director, Royal Geographical Society)
Peter Lloyd
B. R. Goodfellow (Honorary Secretary)
1953 Everest expedition
Background
The committee began the organisation for the full-scale 1953 attempt (in case the Swiss attempt in 1952 failed) in 1951, when it arranged the 1951 reconnaissance expedition.
In 1952, the following year, the Cho Oyu expedition was undertaken, which was also to test oxygen apparatus for 1953. But Cho Oyu was not climbed. Members included Edmund Hillary. Hunt had asked earlier Everest climbers for comments on their 1953 plans; Teddy Norton advised them that previous assault camps had been too low, and that in 1953 it should be on or very close under the Southern Summit.
Selecting members
John Hunt, the leader of the 1953 expedition, decided to recruit British and Commonwealth members (New Zealand and Kenya had potential members) rather than an "international" team, and the two New Zealand members not known to Hunt (Hillary and Lowe) were known to Shipton and others. They wanted climbers experienced in snow and ice (not rock climbers) and between 25 and 40 (although Band was 23 and Hunt themselves was 42). A "large" party of ten was required, plus an expedition doctor; so Ward (doctor), Pugh (physiologist, sponsored by the Medical Research Council) and Stobart (cameraman, sponsored by Countryman Films) were added. A few months later Tenzing was invited to join the climbing party.
There were five reserve mountaineers also prepared to assist the expedition: J. H. Emlyn Jones, John Jackson, Anthony Rawlinson, Hamish Nicol and Jack Tucker. The various British mountaineering clubs had been requested to submit lists of qualified candidates to be considered by the committee, "whose responsibility it was to issue the formal invitations".
Financing
According to Hunt, the committee's responsibility for drumming up funds for the 1953 expedition was not a welcome one:
A number of organisations contributed to the committee, including The Times newspaper, which had also supported earlier expeditions.
Success
On 2 June, four days after the successful ascent, Hunt sent a runner to 'carry messages to Namche Bazar, to go thence by the good offices of the Indian wireless station to Kathmandu. Cables of humble appreciation were sent to the Queen and the Prime Minister, another to the Himalayan Committee saying that I proposed to bring Tenzing and Hillary to England – George Lowe had already planned to come.'
References
Alpine Club (UK)
Mount Everest
Climbing organizations
Mountaineering in the United Kingdom
Royal Geographical Society
Joint committees
Köprülü, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Willie Alexander (born September 21, 1949) is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for the National Football League's Houston Oilers from 1971 to 1979. Before their professional career, Alexander played for Alcorn State University.
External links
NFL.com player page
1949 births
Living people
South Texas College of Law people
Alcorn State Braves football players
American football cornerbacks
Players of American football from Montgomery, Alabama
Houston Oilers players
The Great Synagogue of Europe, formerly known as the Great Synagogue of Brussels (; ), is the main synagogue in Brussels, Belgium which was dedicated as a focal point for European Jews in 2008.
The building was designed in 1875 in a Romanesque-Byzantine style by the architect Désiré De Keyser and constructed in 1878. It is located at 32 Rue de la Régence in Brussels. The synagogue survived the Holocaust in which 25,000 Belgian Jews died. Its chief rabbi is Albert Guigui and there are approximately 15,000 persons of Jewish faith in the city (as of 2008).
On Rosh Hashanah, 18 September 1982, the synagogue was attacked by a man with a submachine gun, seriously wounding four people. The attack has been attributed to the Abu Nidal Organization.
It was dedicated as the "Great Synagogue of Europe" on 4 June 2008 by President José Manuel Barroso and two of Europe's leading rabbis who signed a document of dedication. The ceremony also involved singing by the European Choir and the reading of a "Prayer for Europe." The prayer wished for EU leaders to act justly in creating a "spiritual union" and to ask for happiness for European citizens.
The act was of a more political nature, as in the 19th century, responding to the Age of Enlightenment, Great Synagogues were built in many capitals of Europe to show that Jews were full and free citizens. This is something the Jewish community now wished to show at a European level. It is hoped that the building will become a focus for Judaism in Europe, as St. Peter's Basilica is for Roman Catholics.
See also
Conference of European Rabbis
History of the Jews in Europe
Religion in the European Union
References
Jews and Judaism in Brussels
Synagogues in Belgium
Religious buildings and structures in Brussels
Romanesque Revival synagogues
Abu Nidal attacks
Palestinian terrorist incidents in Europe
Synagogues completed in 1878
20th-century attacks on synagogues and Jewish communal organizations
1878 establishments in Belgium
Byzantine Revival synagogues
Billinge Hill is a prominent wooded hill on the western edge of the town of Blackburn in the borough of Blackburn with Darwen in northwest England. Access to its summit from nearby roads is by various public footpaths, some of which also serve as concessionary bridleways. Immediately below its southern slopes are a series of copses linked by paths, which together with the hill form Witton Country Park. Billinge Hill, like the nearby hill on which Hoghton Tower stands, is formed from a band of the hard-wearing Revidge Grit, a sandstone within the Carboniferous age Millstone Grit.
References
Geography of Blackburn with Darwen
Mountains and hills of Lancashire
The Dragon Ball Collectible Card Game (Dragon Ball CCG) is a collectible card game based on the Dragon Ball franchise, first published by Bandai on July 18, 2008. Bandai relaunched the card game on July 28, 2017.
The game was previously released in other countries before making its debut in the United States. The game features exclusive artwork from all anime series (Dragon Ball, Z, GT and Dragon Ball Heroes never before seen in the US). In the 2017 relaunch of the card game, Bandai plans to introduce characters from Dragon Ball Xenoverse. The game has similarities to the other CCG created by Bandai, the Naruto Collectible Card Game.
Card Types and Rarity (2008 Version)
The original release of the game includes four different types of cards: warrior, technique, event, and wish. Warrior cards are the characters who fight in the game, such as Goku, Gohan, Piccolo, Vegeta, Frieza, and Cell. The technique cards are various attacks that can be used against the opponent in battle, such as the Kamehameha and the Genki Dama (also referred to as the Spirit Bomb). Various events in the series are also used in the game to change the dynamics of a battle. The wish cards are cards based on wishes made in the series that can be used when the seven Dragon Balls are collected.
There were different types of cards by rarity: common, uncommon, rare, super rare, and starter-exclusive super rares. There are also gold cards and holographic cards in booster packs.
Styles
The game features 5 different styles of cards: Super, Earth, Alien, Unique (mostly Namekian), and Villain.
Super
Z Warriors. Examples: Goku, Krillin, Gohan, Yamcha, Trunks, Master Roshi, Vegeta, etc.
Earth
Humans and Earthlings that are Z Warriors. Examples: Oolong, Chi-Chi, Puar, Ranfan, Hercule etc.
Alien
Things not from Earth, Bad and Good
Villain
Bad Guys from Earth. Examples: Android 17, Android 18, Android 19, Android 20, Cell, Emperor Pilaf, etc.
Unique
A Group that does not fit into one or more of the above:
Namekian/Evil Tribe = Alien, yet have lived on Earth throughout DB, before knowing their origin. Examples: Piccolo, King Piccolo, Garlic Jr., Lord Slug, etc.
Majin/Brain Washed = So far, Earthlings controlled by Babidi. Later we will have Aliens controlled by Babidi. Examples: Yamu, Spopvich, etc.
2008 Sets
Warriors Return
Warriors Return is the first set released of the game in the U.S. The set includes 113 cards and is based on only the Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z series. There are 2 starter decks (Goku and Frieza) with 30 cards each including super rare cards not found in booster packs and one of four special wish cards. The 10-card booster pack includes 1 holographic foil card, 1 gold-stamped rare, 2 uncommon, 6 common and in every 1 in 8 packs, a super rare foil card replaces the holographic foil card.
The Awakening (2008 version)
The Awakening is the second set released in the U.S. It features 100 brand-new cards that include more powerful versions of the characters from the first set (Super Saiyans - Powerful transformations). There are no starter decks in this set but will include the same 10-pack boosters with the same type of cards. It was released October 17, 2008
Destructive Fury
Destructive Fury contains more transformation conclusions, such as Cell and Mecha Frieza, and is the first set to feature cards from Dragon Ball GT. There are two starter decks: Great Saiyaman and Mecha Frieza.
Fusion
Fusion is the fourth set released in the U.S. it introduced 105 new cards,
Clash of Sagas
Clash of Sagas is the fifth and final set released in the 2008 version. it introduced 102 new cards.
Super Sets
Core Sets
BT1 Galactic Battle
Galactic Battle is the first set of cards in this version of the card game. This set was designed to function as a core set for the game.
The set released on July 28, 2017 and consists of 114 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 12 Rares, 8 Super Rares and 4 Special Rares).
BT2 Union Force
Union Force is the second set for the Dragon Ball Super card game and focuses on the new Union mechanics. This set primarily focuses on the Future Trunks arc, Android/Cell saga, the Majin Buu saga, Cooler's Revenge and The Return of Cooler, and characters from the Tournament of Power arc.
The set released on November 3, 2017 and consists of 127 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 18 Rares, 14 Super Rares, 4 Special Rares and 1 Secret Rare).
BT3 Cross spirits
Cross Spirits is the third set for the Dragon Ball Super card game. It introduces Black cards as the fifth color in the game. It also adds characters from Dragon Ball GT as well as more character from the Universe Survival arc from Dragon Ball Super. The Black cards are mostly focusing on characters from Dragon Ball Xenoverse and utilize the new Over Realm mechanic, that sends cards to the "Warp" a new out of play area.
The set released on March 9, 2018 and consists of 127 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 18 Rares, 14 Super Rares, 4 Special Rares and 1 Secret Rare). 217 types total with foil version cards.
BT4 Colossal Warfare
Colossal Warfare is the fourth set for the Dragon Ball Super card game. It introduces the bond, swap and deflect mechanics.
The set released on July 13, 2018 and consists of 128 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 18 Rares, 14 Super Rares, 4 Special Rares and 2 Secret Rares). 218 types total with foil version cards.
BT5 Miraculous Revival
Miraculous Revival is the fifth set for the Dragon Ball Super card game. It introduces wish leaders, revolving around using dragon balls to grant effects once per game, as well as once per turn smaller scale abilities.
The set released on November 9, 2018 and consists of 131 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 18 Rares, 11 Super Rares, 11 Special Rares and 1 Secret Rare). 221 types total with foil version cards.
BT6 Destroyer Kings
Destroyer Kings is the sixth set for the Dragon Ball Super card game. It focuses on the Broly movie released earlier in the year and introduces Destroyer Rare cards.
The set released on March 15, 2019 and consists of 137 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 18 Rares, 11 Super Rares, 11 Special Rares, 2 Secret Rares and 5 Destruction Rares). 227 types total with foil version cards.
BT7 Assault of the Saiyans
Assault of the Saiyans is the seventh set for the Dragon Ball Super card game. It focuses on Saiyan cards, from the Saiyan saga in the original Dragon Ball Z series.
The set released on August 2, 2019 and consists of 145 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 18 Rares, 16 Super Rares, 10 Special Rares, 2 Secret Rares, 5 Infinite Sayan Rares and 4 Signature Special Rares). 235 types total with foil version cards.
BT8 Malicious Machinations
Malicious Machinations is the eighth set for the Dragon Ball Super card game.
The set released on November 22, 2019 and consists of 147 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 18 Rares, 16 Super Rares, 10 Special Rares, 3 Secret Rares, 5 Noble Hero Rares and 5 Ignoble Villain Rares). 237 types total with foil version cards.
BT9 Universal Onslaught
Universal Onslaught is the ninth set for the Dragon Ball Super card game.
The set released on February 14, 2020 and consists of 147 cards (60 Commons, 30 Uncommons, 18 Rares, 16 Super Rares, 10 Special Rares, 3 Secret Rares, 5 Reboot Leader Rares and 5 Iconic Attack Rares). 237 types total with foil version cards.
BT10 Rise of the Unison Warrior
Rise of the Unison Warrior is the tenth set for the Dragon Ball Super card game, first of the Unison Warrior block.
The set will be released on July 17, 2020 and consists of 164 cards (60 Commons, 38 Uncommons, 30 Rares, 23 Super Rares, 10 Special Rares and 3 Secret Rares). 292 types total with foil version cards.
BT11 Vermilion Bloodline
Vermilion Bloodline is the eleventh set for the Dragon Ball Super card game, second of the Unison Warrior block.
The set will be released on October 9, 2020 and consists of 292 cards (60 Commons, 38 Uncommons, 30 Rares, 23 Super Rares, 10 Special Rares and 3 Secret Rares). 292 types total with foil version cards.
BT12 Vicious Rejuvenation
Vicious Rejuvenation is the twelfth set for the Dragon Ball Super card game, third of the Unison Warrior block.
The set will be released on January 22, 2021 and consists of 292 cards (60 Commons, 38 Uncommons, 30 Rares, 23 Super Rares, 10 Special Rares and 3 Secret Rares). 292 types total with foil version cards.
BT13 Supreme Rivalry
'''''' is the thirteenth set for the Dragon Ball Super card game, fourth of the Unison Warrior block.
The set will be released April 2021 and consists of 292 cards (60 Commons, 38 Uncommons, 30 Rares, 23 Super Rares, 10 Special Rares and 3 Secret Rares). 292 types total with foil version cards.
Themed Sets
List of Themed Sets:
TB1 The Tournament of Power. Focused on the Tournament of Power in Dragon Ball Super. Released on May 25, 2018.
TB2 World Martial Arts Tournament. Focused on WMAT. Released on September 21, 2018.
TB3 Clash of Fates. Focused on the legendary Frieza Saga. Released on January 18, 2019.
Draft Sets
List of Draft Sets:
DB 04 Dragon Brawl. Released on September 20, 2019.
DB 05 Divine Multiverse. Released on March 27, 2020.
DB 06 Giant Force. Released on November 13, 2020
Expansion Sets
List of Expansion Sets:
EX01 Expansion Set: Mighty Heroes
EX02 Expansion Set: Dark Demon's Villains
EX03 Expansion Set: Ultimate Box
EX04 Expansion Set: Unity of Saiyans
EX05 Expansion Set: Unity of Destruction
EX07 Expansion Set: Magnificent Collection Fusion Hero
EX08 Expansion Set: Magnificent Collection Forsaken Warrior
EX09 Expansion Set: Saiyan Surge
EX10 Expansion Set: Namekian Surge
EX11 Expansion Set: Universe 7 Unison
EX12 Expansion Set: Universe 11 Unison
EX14 Expansion Set: Battle Advanced
EX15 Expansion Set: Battle Enhanced
Special Anniversary Boxes
SP01 Special Anniversary Box
SP02 Special Anniversary Box 2020
Other
Vault Power Up Pack
Gift Box
Gift Box 2: Battle of Gods Set
Gift Box 3: Wild for Revenge Set
Decks
Starter Decks
Starter Deck includes 50 cards and 1 Leader card as a deck style to start the game, 1 play sheet and 1 play manual. Includes 5 starter deck-exclusive cards (except starter deck 8 which has 10 starter deck-exclusive cards) and also (except starter decks 10,11,12,13,14,15 and 16 which has 6 starter deck-exclusive cards)!
List of Starter Decks:
SD1 Starter Deck: The Awakening
SD2 Starter Deck: The Extreme Evolution
SD3 Starter Deck: The Dark Invasion
SD4 Starter Deck: The Guardian of Namekians
SD5 Starter Deck: The Crimson Saiyan
SD6 Starter Deck: Resurrected Fusion
SD7 Starter Deck: Shenron's Advent
SD8 Starter Deck: Rising Broly
SD9 Starter Deck: Saiyan Legacy
SD10 Starter Deck: Parasitic Overlord
SD11 Starter Deck: Instinct Surpassed
SD12 Starter Deck: Spirit of Potara
SD13 Starter Deck: Clan Collusion
SD14 Starter Deck: Saiyan Wonder
SD15 Starter Deck: Pride Of The Saiyans
SD16 Reboot Starter Deck: Darkness Reborn
Expert Decks
Expert Deck includes 50 cards and 1 Leader card as a deck style to start the game, 1 play sheet and 1 play manual (only the first) and a booster pack. Includes 10 expert deck-exclusive cards!
List of Expert Decks:
XD1 Expert Deck: Universe 6 Assailants
XD2 Expert Deck: Android Duality
XD3 Expert Deck: The Ultimate Life Form
Ultimate Decks
Ultimate Deck includes 50 cards and 1 Leader card as a deck style to start the game and a booster pack. Includes ultimate deck-exclusive cards!
List of Ultimate Decks:
UD1 Ultimate Deck
List of decks:
SD1 Starter Deck: The Awakening
SD8 Starter Deck: Rising Broly
SD10 Starter Deck: Parasitic Overlord
XD2 Expert Deck: Android Duality
SD11 Starter Deck: Instinct Surpassed
XD3 Expert Deck: The Ultimate Life Form
List of decks (2):
SD2 Starter Deck: The Extreme Evolution
SD3 Starter Deck: The Dark Invasion
SD4 Starter Deck: The Guardian of Namekians
SD5 Starter Deck: The Crimson Saiyan
SD6 Starter Deck: Resurrected Fusion
SD7 Starter Deck: Shenron's Advent
SD9 Starter Deck: Saiyan Legacy
XD1 Expert Deck: Universe 6 Assailants
SD12 Starter Deck: Spirit of Potara
SD13 Starter Deck: Clan Collusion
SD14 Starter Deck: Saiyan Wonder
SD15 Starter Deck: Pride Of The Saiyans
SD16 Reboot Starter Deck: Darkness Reborn
See also
Carddass
References
External links
Official DBS TCG
Dragon Ball Collectible Card Game
Card games introduced in 2008
Card games introduced in 2017
Collectible Card Game
Sophus Peter Lassenius Schack was a Danish painter and officer who served in the First and Second Schleswig Wars.
Biography
Military career
Schack was the son of barrister Gregers Schack. They became a cadet 1821 and promoted to second lieutenant in 1830 and in 1838 was characterized later in the following year as a true first lieutenant but was dismissed as early as 1842. However, they rejoined in July 1848 again as captain of the Third Reserve Battalion and participated in the First Schleswig War. In 1849 they became a Knight of Dannebrog. In 1860 they became captain guard in Rendsburg and in the same year was promoted to major. Schack would later participate as a major and battalion commander in the Second Schleswig War, and after being badly wounded on 18 April during the Battle of Dybbøl, they died on 21 April at a hospital in Copenhagen.
Painting career
Schack had shown interest in art from their youth, but could only, after being an officer for some years, sacrifice themselves more calmly for their art studies. At the same time as they gained access to Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg's painting school, they visited the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1835 to 1840 and won both its silver medals. They themselves had perceived themselves in relation to art as a dilettante, but now considered themselves an artist, notwithstanding that, despite their diligence, their formation, and their unmistakable love of art, they did not reach any high place. They exhibited partly portraits and genre pictures, partly biblical pictures on topics of the New Testament. Their pieces were inspired from Eckersberg's works and was even encouraged by Christian VIII himself. From 1844 to 45, Schack was given two years of travel support for the academy for France and Sardinia–Piedmont; they had also been commissioned to produce an altarpiece, Christi Bjærgprædiken, which was only delivered after the king's death, and a large picture for Christian VIII's and Queen Caroline Amalie's Coronation. Their works are preserved at Kronborg. Schack later published a couple of volumes of Physiognomic Studies (1858–59), in which their best qualities as an artist were associated with a spirited gift of production as a writer.
Personal life and legacy
Schack married Vilhelmine Bothilde Olsen (1826-1900) in 1853, daughter of Colonel and cartographer Oluf Nicolai Olsen. Their daughter Laura Cathrine Marie Schack married the painter Ole Pedersen on 28 November 1890 in Copenhagen.
They were buried in Garrison Cemetery. There is a self-portrait from 1859 (formerly in Johan Hansen's collection), a pen drawing by Vilhelm Rosenstand ( Camp scene ) 1863 (Frederiksborg Museum), a portrait of the woodcuts Fallen Officers in 1864 and Fallen at Dybbøl, a woodcut drawing in 1864 by Henrik Olrik and a Lithograph in 1867 by Edvard Fortling.
References
1811 births
1864 deaths
19th-century Danish military personnel
People of the First Schleswig War
Artists from Copenhagen
People of the Second Schleswig War
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
Danish military personnel killed in action
The Mayo Correctional Institution Annex is a state prison for men located in Mayo, Lafayette County, Florida. This facility was opened in 1984 and has a maximum capacity of 1345 prisoners.
The original Mayo Correctional Institution on the same property held 1668 prisoners and was closed by the state in 2012. On June 26, 2019 two inmates were alleged to have attacked a correctional officer with improvised weapons. While responding to the assault, staff reported that another inmate may have been killed in a separate part of the institution. The officer who was allegedly attacked was expected to survive. The officer who was attacked did survive and in January of 2021 was attacked by a different inmate suffering several stab wounds again. They also survived this incident.
References
Prisons in Florida
Buildings and structures in Lafayette County, Florida
1984 establishments in Florida
Bricomarché offer decorating, DIY, materials, gardening and pet products lines. Founded in 1979, and operating 500 stores in 3 countries (Poland, Portugal and France), each store's sales area is between 1,500 and 2,300m², and have three basic principles:
Proximity to customers
Low Prices
Every thing sold under one roof
Before the re-brand in 2008, other stores called 'Logimarché' offered DIY sales in rural areas, selling DIY, decorating and gardening products. The Logimarché chain was formed in 1998 and operated 60 stores in France. The stores have a total sales area of 540m². In October 2008, Logimarché was replaced with the Bricomarché brand.
References
Supermarkets of France
Retail companies established in 1979
French brands
French companies established in 1979
Hardware stores
A Little Bit of Heaven is a 1940 musical film starring teenage soprano singer Gloria Jean. The story casts Gloria as a young member of a large Irish working-class family who becomes a singing sensation on a local radio station. The family's new-found wealth causes some discord until the family realizes that their closeness is what they value the most.
The film's title comes from a traditional Irish song that Gloria Jean sings at a family gathering. Them 2005 biography is similarly titled: Gloria Jean: A Little Bit of Heaven. The film is an unofficial sequel to 1939's The Under-Pup, featuring several cast members from that film, but as different characters. The group of girls in The Under-Pup was called "The Penguins", and Gloria Jean sings the group's song early in this film.
Cast
Gloria Jean as Midge Loring
Robert Stack as Bob Terry
Hugh Herbert as Pop Loring
C. Aubrey Smith as Grandpa
Stuart Erwin as Cotton
Nan Grey as Janet Loring
Eugene Pallette as Herrington
Billy Gilbert as Tony
Kenneth Brown as Tony's son
Billy Lenhart as Tony's son
Nana Bryant as Mom Loring
Tommy Bond as Jerry
Charles Previn as Radio Conductor
Kitty O'Neil as Mrs. Mitchell
Helen Brown as Herrington's secretary
Production
In January 1940 Universal announced that Gloria Jean's third movie would be Our City, the tale of two sisters, based on a story by Grover Jones. Loretta Young was to play the sister and the cast would include Robert Cummings, Eugene Pallette, Lewis Howard and Billy Gilbert.
By May the title had been changed to Straight from the Heart and Young was replaced by Nan Grey. Then it became A Little Bit of Heaven and Cummings was replaced by Robert Stack. Filming began in June.
References
External links
1940 films
1940 musical films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Andrew Marton
Films produced by Joe Pasternak
American musical films
1940s American films
Cao Ziheng (Chinese: 曹紫珩; born 6 March 1995 in Dalian) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai.
Club career
Cao Ziheng joined Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai's youth academy in 2006. They were promoted to the first team squad in 2014. They made their league debut for Changchun on 24 August 2014 in a 3–1 away defeat against Guangzhou R&F, coming on as a substitute for Eninho in the 79th minute.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Dalian
Changchun Yatai F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Association football midfielders
Padappai is a town near Chennai, India. It is a small town developing fast in Chennai suburbs about 12 km from Tambaram connected to Bangalore highway and near Oragadam SIPCOT & many big companies like Nissan, Appolo tyres, Alstom T&D, Tii Techno Testing Services PVT LTD, Infac India are few companies near this small town.
The road from Vandalur to Walajabad via Oragadam is known as Padappai road that connects Chennai and Kanchipuram, an alternate road for Chennai Bangalore highway NH 4. Padappai road and Sriperumpudur (NH4) to Singaperumalkoil (NH45) road meets at Oragadam, known as "Oragadam kootu road".
The nearby villages in Padappai road (Vandaloor to Walajabad) are Athanancherry, Panapakkam, Vanchuvancherry, Umaianparangcherry, Cherrappanancherry, Kuzhangalacherri, Nariyampakkam, KaaranaiThangal, Karasangal, Oragadam, Ezhichur, Pandruti, Varanavasi, Mettupalayam, Aarambakkam, Uthukkadu, Vembakkam, Devariyampakkam, Kunnavakkam, Thalampattu, Aloor, Eraiyamangalam, Vattambakkam, Eraiyur, Ammanambakkam Vaipur (Vaipoor), Salamangalam, Sirumathur, Samadhuvapuram, and Mannivakkam.
Padappai is the name from ancient Tamil which means "Beautiful Flower Garden", A Bunch of edibles. Padappai is surrounded by many nursery gardens where you can get the variety of samplings for gardens.
Cities and towns in Kanchipuram district
Suburbs of Chennai
Baldpate Mountain is a peak in the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Reading Prong of Upper Pohatcong Mountain in Warren County, New Jersey, United States. This peak rises to , and is located in Mansfield Township.
In fiction
It was the setting of the 1913 novel Seven Keys to Baldpate, which was adapted into a play and several films.
It was also a key location in the slenderverse ARG web-series EverymanHYBRID.
References
Mountains of Warren County, New Jersey
Mansfield Township, Warren County, New Jersey
Mountains of New Jersey
Zaborowie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Orońsko, north of Szydłowiec, and south of Warsaw.
References
Zaborowie
Howard Allen Smith (October 8, 1909 – June 4, 1998) was a Republican representative from California from 1957 to 1973.
Biography
Born in Dixon, Lee County, Illinois, October 8, 1909, (Ronald Reagan's boyhood hometown) Smith was an F.B.I. agent and later a member of the California State Assembly for the 43rd district from 1949 to 1957, a Presidential Elector for California in 1956, and a representative from California's 43rd congressional district from 1957 to 1973.
Tenure
In Congress they compiled a conservative voting record. Smith voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960, as well as the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, but voted against the Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and 1968 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. They were also a delegate from California to the Republican National Convention in 1960. Member, Freemasons; Shriners.
Death
They died in Glendale on June 4, 1998, and is interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale.
They were married to Elizabeth Smith. They had two sons, Lauren and Stephen Smith.
References
External links
Join California H. Allen Smith
Members of the California State Assembly
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
1909 births
1998 deaths
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from California
1956 United States presidential electors
20th-century American politicians
Nautical publications is a technical term used in maritime circles describing a set of publications, either published by national governments or by commercial and professional organisations, for use in safe navigation of ships, boats, and similar vessels. Other publications might cover topics such as seamanship and cargo operations. In the UK, the United Kingdom Hydrographic Office, the Witherby Publishing Group and the Nautical Institute provide numerous navigational publications, including charts, publications on how to navigate and passage planning publications. In the US, publications are issued by the US government and US Coast Guard.
The marine environment is subject to frequent change and the latest publications should always be used, especially when passage planning.
Hydrographic officers who produce of nautical publications also provide a system to inform mariners of changes that effect the chart. In the US and the UK, corrections and notifications of new editions are provided by various governmental agencies by way of Notice to Mariners, Local Notice to Mariners, Summary of Corrections, and Broadcast Notice to Mariners. Radio broadcasts give advance notice of urgent corrections.
A convenient way to keep track of corrections is with a Chart and Publication Correction Record system, either electronic or paper-based. Using this system, the navigator does not immediately update every publication in the library when a new Notice to Mariners arrives, instead creating a 'card' for every chart and noting the correction on this 'card'. When the time comes to use the publication, the navigator pulls the publication and its card, and makes the indicated corrections to the publication. This system ensures that every publication is properly corrected prior to use.
Various and diverse methods exist for the correction of electronic nautical publications.
List of publications
List of Lights and Radio Signals
List of lights and radio signals, sometimes including Fog Signals are provided by government authorities and hydrographic offices for mariners. The lists include prominent lights, such as lighthouses and radio stations that are used in passage planning for navigation and communication while on voyage. In the US, the United States Coast Guard Light List is an American navigation publication in seven volumes made available yearly by the U.S. Coast Guard which gives information on lighted navigation aids, unlighted buoys, radiobeacons, radio direction finder calibration stations, daybeacons and racons. The List of Lights, Radio Aids, and Fog Signals is a navigation publication produced by the United States Defense Mapping Agency Hydrographic/Topographic Center. The book is usually referred to as the List of Lights, and should not be confused with the U.S. Coast Guard's Light List. The List of Lights is published in seven volumes, as Publication numbers 110 through 116. Each volume contains lights and other aids to navigation that are maintained by or under the authority of other governments.
In the UK, the UKHO List of Lights and Fog Signals, and the Admiralty List of Radio signals are split into separate volumes. The UKHO light lists include some 85,000 light structures of significance for navigation. The UKHO radio lists are split into six volumes.
The Canadian Coast Guard publishes its own List of Lights, Buoys and Fog Signals covering various coastal geographic areas in Canada.
Pilot Volumes/Sailing Directions
These provide a variety of information for the mariner, including details of harbours, ports, navigational hazards, local information and pilotage requirements.
In the UK, the Admiralty issues 76 volumes covering the world and these are used frequently by most merchant ships.
In the US, the United States Coast Pilots is a nine-volume American navigation publication distributed yearly by the National Ocean Service. Its purpose is to supplement nautical charts of US waters. Information comes from field inspections, survey vessels, and various harbour authorities. Maritime officials and pilotage associations provide additional information. Coast Pilots provides more detailed information than Sailing Directions because the latter is intended exclusively for the oceangoing mariner. Each volume of Coast Pilots must be regularly corrected using Notice to Mariners.
Sailing Directions is a 47-volume American navigation publication published by the Defense Mapping Agency Hydrographic/Topographic Center. It consists of 37 Enroute volumes and 10 Planning Guides. Planning Guides describe general features of ocean basins; Enroutes describe features of coastlines, ports, and harbors. Sailing Directions is updated when new data requires extensive revision of an existing text. These data are obtained from several sources, including pilots and Sailing Directions from other countries.
Passage Planning Guides provide a variety of navigation related information for deck officers during passage planning and cover certain geographic areas. Examples include the Witherby Passage Planning Guide for the Straits of Malacca and Singapore and the Port of London Authority Passage Planning Guide.
General Reference Publications
General reference nautical publications are available from government authorities and publishers, such as Witherbys and Adlard Coles Nautical. They cover a wide range of subjects, such as navigation, passage planning, seamanship, the use of Radar and ARPA, anchoring and mooring. Guidance publications are also available that cover a wider variety of compliance with international and local maritime regulations, including those of the International Maritime Organization.
Maritime industry bodies such as the International Chamber of Shipping, BIMCO, SIGTTO and OCIMF produce nautical publications on operational subjects published by Witherbys. OCIMF focuses on industry guidance for oil tankers and oil terminals, including the leading industry title International Safety Guide for Tankers and Terminals (the 6th edition was published in 2020). SIGTTO and Witherbys produce nautical operational titles for gas carriers including LNG carriers, for example Liquefied Gas Handling Principles on Ships and in Terminals (LGHP4) was published in 2016.
Cybersecurity has come under increased focus in the maritime industry since the IMO required cybersecurity to be addressed under the International Safety Management Code. In 2019, ICS, BIMCO and Witherbys published the Cybersecurity Workbook for Onboard Ship Use. The second edition of the nautical workbook was published in 2021.
The American Practical Navigator, written by Nathaniel Bowditch, is an encyclopedia of navigation, valuable handbook on oceanography and meteorology, and contains useful tables and a maritime glossary. In 1866 the copyright and plates were bought by the Hydrographic Office of the United States Navy, and as a U.S. Government publication, it is now available for free online.
The World Port Index
The World Port Index is a US publication issued by the US National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. It contains a tabular listing of thousands of ports throughout the world, describing their location, characteristics, known facilities, and available services. Of particular interest are the applicable volume of Sailing Directions and the number of the harbor chart. The table is arranged geographically, with an alphabetical index. It is also available from several different independent publishers.
Distances Between Ports
Distances Between Ports is a US publication produced by the US Defense Mapping Agency Hydrographic Topographic Center and issued by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the United States Department of Commerce. It lists the distances between major ports. Reciprocal distances between two ports may differ due to different routes chosen because of currents and climatic conditions. To reduce the number of listings needed, junction points along major routes are used to consolidate routes converging from different directions. It is also available from several different independent publishers.
References
Navigation
Hydrography
Water transport
Karen Mirzoyan is a diplomat of Armenia and of the unrecognized Republic of Artsakh. From September 2012 until September 2017 they served as the Republic's Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Career
Foreign Minister
On June 6, 2013, Mirzoyan was interviewed by France24, and on July 24, 2014 Mirzoyan was interviewed by the European Times.
In September 2014, Mirzoyan led a diplomatic mission to the Basque Parliament. Mirzoyan met with Bakartxo Tejeria Otermin—speaker of the Basque Parliament. They also toured Guernica. The Basque Parliament and the Nagorno-Karabakh's legislature passed reciprocal motions recognizing one another's right to national autonomy.
Remaining Foreign Affairs Minister of the Republic of Artsakh (Nagorno-Karabakh), in March 2017, they visited Greece as part of an event hosted by the Armenian National Committee of Greece.
In September 2017, Karen Mirzoyan was succeeded as Foreign Minister of the Artsakh Republic by Masis Mayilyan.
Ambassador-at-large
On June 28, 2019, they were appointed Ambassador-at-Large by Nikol Pashinyan.
On November 16, 2020, during the political crisis created by the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh ceasefire agreement, they resigned from their post.
See also
List of foreign ministers in 2017
List of current foreign ministers
Foreign relations of Nagorno-Karabakh
References
External links
Official Biography by the government
Armenian diplomats
Living people
Politicians from the Republic of Artsakh
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Barbara Nelle Ramusack (born November 5, 1937) is a historian and Charles Phelps Taft Professor of History Emerita at the University of Cincinnati. Them focus was on Indian and Chinese History. They obtained their Ph.D in 1969 from the University of Michigan.
Selected bibliography
Books
Chapters in books
Journal articles
Ramusack, Barbara N. (1969). "Incident at Nabha: Interaction between the Indian States and British Indian Politics, The Journal of Asian Studies, Vol. 28, No. 3, pp. 563–577.
References
University of Cincinnati faculty
Historians of India
Living people
University of Michigan alumni
21st-century American historians
1937 births
American women historians
Women's historians
21st-century American women writers
The Hapke parameters are a set of parameters for an empirical model that is commonly used to describe the directional reflectance properties of the airless regolith surfaces of bodies in the Solar System. The model has been developed by astronomer Bruce Hapke at the University of Pittsburgh.
The parameters are:
— Single scattering albedo. This is the ratio of scattering efficiency to total light extinction (which includes also absorption), for small-particle scattering of light. That is, , where is the scattering coefficient, and is the absorption coefficient
— The width of the opposition surge.
or — The strength of the opposition surge.
or g — The particle phase function parameter, also called the asymmetry factor.
— The effective surface tilt, also called the macroscopic roughness angle.
The Hapke parameters can be used to derive other albedo and scattering properties such as the geometric albedo, the phase integral, and the Bond albedo.
See also
Albedo
Geometric albedo
Bidirectional reflectance distribution function
References
Radiometry
Scattering, absorption and radiative transfer (optics)
Benjamin Jacob Bialostotzky (June 15, 1893 – September 22, 1962) was a Lithuanian-born Jewish-American Yiddish poet.
Life
Bialostotzky was born on June 15, 1893 in Pumpėnai, Russia, the son of the Grodner Maggid.
Bialostozky attended religious elementary schools and yeshivas in Panevėžys and Kaunas. When they were young, they were a member of the Kovno Zionist territorialists and wrote correspondence pieces for Saint Petersburg's Fraynd under the pen name A. Pumpyaner. They published their first literary piece in 1909, a poem called "Fartsveyflung” (Despair) in A. Litvin's Vilnius Lebn un Visnshaft. They immigrated to Germany in 1910, and in 1911 they arrived in the United States. They lived in New York City and studied in the City College of New York. They joined Poale Zion in 1914. They founded Yiddish schools in America, and they worked as a teacher in the National Front and Workmen's Circle schools. They were a member of the Workmen's Circle pedagogical council for many years, and was a cofounder and active participant of various Yiddish cultural organizations. They contributed poems and essays to a number of magazines and newspapers under the pen names B. Y. Belkin, Ben Ha-magid, Sh. S. Heler, Aviv, and B. Y. B. From 1918 to 1919, they were on the editorial board of Yunger Yidisher Kemfer. In 1919, they edited Di Kinder-Velt, the first children's magazine in Yiddish, with Joel Entin and Sh. Shapiro. They were managing editor and editorial secretary of Yidisher Kemfer from 1919 to 1920. From 1920 to 1922, they were a editorial secretary of David Pinski's Di Tsayt. They became a regular contributor to The Forward starting in 1922. From 1927 to 1932, they edited the literary journal Oyfkum with Z. Veynper and Ber Lapin.
Bialostozky's childhood memories of their Lithuanian hometown were reflected in their poems, although they primarily focused on New York City. They believed American Jews had to accept the fact they left the small communities that formed Yiddish culture and became city dwellers, and Yiddish poets should reproduce the sights of rhythms of urban civilization. Their early model was Morris Rosenfeld, to whom they dedicated essays to and whose influence appeared in their 1920 social songs Beim Breiten Veg (Along the Highway). Their works dealt with the poverty in the Lower East Side. Their simple children's songs, set to music by Solomon Golub and Mikhl Gelbart, were sung in Yiddish elementary schools, their poetic tales fascinated young audiences, and their 1940 Bienele was described by one source as their masterpiece for children.
Bialostozky's works were first collected in Lider un Eseyen (Poems and Essays) in 1932. In 1953, they edited a memorial volume for the poet David Edelstadt. Their own volume of poetry was published in the 1958 Lid tsu Lid (Poem to Poem) and included their bibliography by E. H. Jeshurin. Their studies in Jewish folklore led to several collections of legends, including Fun Golus Bovl bis Roym (From the Babylonian Exile to Rome) in 1949, Di Mesholim fun Dubner Magid (Parables of the Maggid of Dubno) in 1962, and Yidisher Humor un Yidishe Leytsim (Jewish Humor and Jewish Jesters) in 1963.
Bialostozky died at their home in the Bronx on September 22, 1962. They were buried in the Workmen's Circle section of Mount Carmel Cemetery.
References
External links
Benjamin Jacob Bialostotzky Papers from the YIVO Archives
1893 births
1962 deaths
19th-century Lithuanian Jews
20th-century Lithuanian Jews
American people of Lithuanian-Jewish descent
American poets in Yiddish
People from Ponevezhsky Uyezd
Jewish writers of the Russian Empire
Zionists of the Russian Empire
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
City College of New York alumni
Yiddish-language poets
20th-century American Jews
Jewish American poets
American male poets
Poets from New York (state)
20th-century American poets
20th-century American newspaper editors
Editors of New York City newspapers
Writers from the Bronx
Burials in New York (state)
Uroleptus musculus is a species of ciliates.
Description
The organism is either white or rose-coloured. The collar extends from ventral files, that extends a short distance along the right side of the body. The body is also elongated and has a tail-like portion, that has 3 frontals and 2-4 rows of ventral cirri. It has no transverse cirri. The oral area is not U-shaped.
References
Species described in 1786
Spirotrichea
Harry J. Wijesinghe was a Ceylonese educationist. They were the first Ceylonese to serve as acting Principal of Royal College Colombo.
Born in Ceylon, they were educated at the Colombo Academy and at the University of London. They taught at S. Thomas' College, Mt Lavinia, before becoming a senior master at Royal College, Colombo. With the retirement of principal Lionel. H. W. Sampson, Wijesinghe was appointed as acting principal of the school between 1938 and 1939 until the arrival of E. L. Bradby, who became the last British principal of the college. In 1938, Wijesinghe was able to acquire the Maligawa (town house) of Sir James Obeyesekere, to use as the school's hostel, since for over 80 the school did not have a hostel. The H. J. Wijesinghe Memorial Endowment is awarded at Royal College, Colombo in their memory.
References
Sri Lankan educational theorists
People of British Ceylon
Alumni of Royal College, Colombo
Alumni of the University of London
Principals of Royal College, Colombo
The table below shows the 2003 Tennis Masters Series schedule.
The ATP Masters Series are part of the elite tour for professional men's tennis organised by the Association of Tennis Professionals.
Results
Title Champions
Singles
See also
2003 in tennis
2003 ATP Tour
2003 WTA Tour
2003 WTA Tier I Series
External links
Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) official website
ATP Tour Masters 1000
The women's 200 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 31 August and 1 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
1 September
Wind: -0.2 m/s
Semi-finals
31 August
Semi-final 1
Wind: -0.2 m/s
Semi-final 2
Wind: -0.3 m/s
Heats
31 August
Heat 1
Wind: -0.3 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: 0 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: 0 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: 0.5 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 25 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(3)
(2)
References
200 metres
200 metres at the European Athletics Championships
1978 in women's athletics
Gordon Banks (born February 22, 1955), a.k.a. Gordon 'Guitar' Banks, is an American guitarist, producer, writer and musical director. They were voted one of the top 100 guitarists in America by Rolling Stone magazine in 1985.
Banks played an important part in Marvin Gaye's later years. Gaye referred to them as "ID" meaning "The Indicator".
Biography
Early life and career
Banks was born on February 22, 1955 in Norfolk, Virginia. Adept at playing instruments at an early age, they joined their first band, The Showmen, at the age of twelve playing guitar. The group, noted for beach music, was created by later Chairmen of the Board leader General Norman Johnson. The group was noted for their minor hit single, "39-31-40 Shape". Banks would soon leave the band and Norfolk following their graduation at Norfolk State University, moving to Los Angeles where they landed gigs playing guitar for funk groups such as The Gap Band, New Birth, The Unifics, and Mandrill, gospel musician Edwin Hawkins and Motown superstar Stevie Wonder.
Work with Marvin Gaye
Banks first got acquainted with Marvin Gaye in 1976. After a year, Banks joined Gaye's band. After first working with Gaye with the funk hit, "Got to Give It Up" and playing guitar with Gaye on their 1977 U.S. tour, Banks helped in directing the music for Gaye's 1978 album, Here, My Dear. Their musical partnership grew and Banks was soon performing all over the world with Gaye as their musical director and guitarist.
In 1980, Banks became Gaye's brother-in-law when they married Gaye's sister Zeola.
Banks was one of the few in Gaye's revolving door of backup musicians to continue to accompany them even as several musicians would leave, some later suing Gaye for failing to pay them money for earnings during the tour. Banks contributed on Gaye's final Motown album, In Our Lifetime, and was the musical director of Gaye's acclaimed 1980 European tour. In 1981, when Gaye moved to Belgium on a tax exile, Banks relocated to Ostend where Gaye was staying with musical promoter Freddy Couseart. Banks helped out on Gaye's short "Heavy Love Affair" European tour that year and after the tour, helped in creating music for what turned out to be Gaye's final album in their lifetime, Midnight Love. In regards to the recording development of the album Banks stated:
"It was basically them and me in the studio. Columbia Records gave them some new toys to play with. They gave them two drum machines, a synthesizer called a Roland TR-808 and a Jupiter 8. Marvin didn't know too much about technology so it was my job to figure out how to get the stuff working. They kind of liked the sounds that came from it and they went from there. Marvin was a great pianist. After getting past the challenges with the Jupiter 8, it was like they had been playing it their whole life."
Released in 1982, Midnight Love became the biggest-selling album of Gaye's career, and its parent single, "Sexual Healing", became a smash hit. Banks contributed to the song singing background and playing rhythm guitar. Banks wrote the tune, "My Love is Waiting", for another group but when the group failed to show up for a recording session, they rewrote the song for Gaye to record. While "Sexual Healing" was a huge hit in the UK, Marvin's label CBS, released "My Love is Waiting" as a promotional single. Boost of the song sent it to number thirty-four on the UK charts. Banks again was the musical director of Gaye's final concert tour in 1983.
Following Gaye's death in 1984, Banks finished production on a posthumous album, 1985's Dream of a Lifetime, which included unfinished recordings Gaye had done between 1971 and 1982. Among the 1982 recordings included leftover Midnight Love tracks such as "Sanctified Lady", which was essentially a demo, with Harvey Fuqua adding in background vocalists, and Banks adding in electro-funk influences. Banks produced another unfinished Midnight Love track, "Masochistic Beauty", which was a biographical account of Gaye's penchant for S&M. Banks played vocoder background vocals on the track. Banks also finished production on a 1978 demo, "Savage in the Sack," a track that was recorded as a joke-on-the-fly. David Ritz later contended that Gaye wouldn't have wanted the songs to be released but due to CBS looking to finish the singer's unfinished contractual obligations, they were put out to help in royalties for the singer's estate.
Current work
Banks is a Media Specialist in Virginia Beach, Virginia and a collector of unreleased recordings by Marvin Gaye.
Discography
1978: Marvin Gaye - Here, My Dear
1979: New Birth - Platinum City
1979: Penitentiary (film)
1980: Marvin Gaye - Marvin Gaye: Live in Montreux 1980
1981: High Inergy - High Inergy
1981: Marvin Gaye - In Our Lifetime
1981: Marvin Gaye - Live In Ostend
1981: Edwin Hawkins - Edwin Hawkins Live
1982: Marvin Gaye - Midnight Love
1982: Edwin Hawkins - Edwin Hawkins Live Vol II
1982: Penitentiary II
1983: Gladys Knight & the Pips - Marvin Gaye
1983: Mona Lisa Young - Knife
1983: Marvin Gaye - NBA all star game National Anthem
1984: Phyllis St James - Ain't No Turning Back
1985: Eddie Murphy - How Could It Be
1985: Krystol - Talk Of The Town
1985: Marvin Gaye - Dream of a Lifetime
1986: Marvin Gaye - Romantically Yours
1991: Barry White - Put Me In Your Mix
2001: Erick Sermon - Music
References
1955 births
Living people
Musicians from Norfolk, Virginia
African-American guitarists
American expatriates in Belgium
American soul guitarists
American male guitarists
Gordon
Record producers from Virginia
American rock guitarists
Songwriters from Virginia
Norfolk State University alumni
American rhythm and blues guitarists
American funk guitarists
Lead guitarists
Guitarists from Virginia
20th-century American guitarists
African-American songwriters
James Sherwood (born 26 February 1975) is a stand-up comedian, comedy writer, singer, pianist, and composer. They live in Peckham, south London.
Born in Rochford, Essex, in 1975, Sherwood grew up in Oxford, Bristol, Essex, and London. They were a chorister in the choir of Magdalen College, Oxford, and attended Magdalen College School. As an undergraduate English student at Magdalen they became an academical clerk in the same choir.
They had a brief career in public relations and new media working on campaigns for brand including BlackBerry before starting their comedy and music career.
Sherwood was a semi-finalist in ITV's stand-up talent show Take the Mike in 2002. In 2004 they were runner-up in the BBC New Comedy Awards in 2004, and in the FHM Holsten Pils stand-up competition. In 2008 they were awarded the BBC Radio Comedy Writers Bursary.
Sherwood has performed several shows at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, and in August 2010 they performed their latest show, One Man and their Piano. They also run a popular residency, Piano Bar, in central London.
Edinburgh Shows
Andrew O'Neill and James Sherwood, apparently (2004)
I Know What You Did Last Sunday (2006)
James Sherwood's Somewhat Premature Review of 2007 (2007)
Songs of Music (2008)
At the Piano (2009)
One Man and their Piano (2010)
UK Tour
At the Piano – January–March 2010
Awards and nominations
Hollywood Fringe Festival 2010, won "Best Comedy Show" for At the Piano
Buxton Festival Fringe 2010, nominated for "Best Individual Comedy Performance" for One Man and Their Piano
Radio and TV
Take the Mike (ITV).
40 Years of University Challenge (BBC2) – in a vocal group singing their own arrangement of the theme tune
Paper Review, Sky News – frequent appearances
Richard Bacon Show, BBC Radio 5 Live- frequent appearances
The Gethin Jones Show, BBC Radio 5 Live – regular guest
4 Stands Up (BBC Radio 4)
Loose Ends, BBC Radio 4
The Nemone Show, 6 Music
The Jon Richardson Show, 6 Music
Comedy writing
Sherwood has written for many radio comedies, including:
The News Quiz
The Now Show (winner of a Sony award)
I Guess That's Why They Call It The News
Look Away Now
Laura Solon Talking and Not Talking
Recorded for Training Purposes
Newsjack
Guerilla Cricket
Tilt
References
1975 births
Living people
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Ismail Kouha (; born 12 April 1983) is a football player from Morocco. They play as goalkeeper.
Career
Kouha has played for several teams in Moroccan national leagues, especially in the top-tier Botola Pro, and for six months in Romania with Oțelul Galați in 2007.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Moroccan footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Raja CA players
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Romania
ASC Oțelul Galați players
Liga I players
Samuel Colt (1814–1862), was an American inventor and industrialist.
Samuel Colt may also refer to:
Samuel P. Colt (1852–1921), American industrialist and politician
See also
Armsmear, also known as Samuel Colt House
The FIFA U-20 World Cup is the biennial football world championship for men players under the age of 20, organised by FIFA. The competition has been staged every two years since the inaugural tournament in 1977 when it was hosted by Tunisia, under the tournament name of FIFA World Youth Championship until 2005. In 2007 the name was changed to its present form. The current titleholder is Ukraine which won its first title at the 2019 tournament in Poland.
History
In the twenty-two tournament editions staged, eleven different nations have won the title. Argentina U20 is the most successful team with six titles, followed by BrazilU20 with five titles. Portugal U20 and Serbia U20 have both won two titles (with the latter winning once as Yugoslavia U20), while Ghana U20, Germany U20, Spain U20, France U20, England U20, Ukraine U20 and Russia U20 (as the USSR U20) have won the title once each.
A corresponding event for women's teams, the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, began in 2002 with the name "FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship" and an age limit of 19. The age limit for the women's competition was changed to 20 beginning with the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship, and the competition was renamed as a "World Cup" in 2007 in preparation for the 2008 event. The next edition will be held in 2023 in Indonesia, after the planned 2021 FIFA U-20 World Cup competition was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Qualification
24 national teams appear in the final tournament. 23 countries, including the defending champion, have to qualify in the youth championships of the six confederations. The host country automatically qualifies.
Results
FIFA World Youth Championship
Teams reaching the top four
1 = includes results representing Yugoslavia
2 = includes results representing Soviet Union
3 = includes results representing West Germany
Performances by continental zones (as of 2019)
All continental confederations except for the OFC (Oceania) have made an appearance in the final match of the tournament. To date, CONMEBOL (South America) leads with eleven titles, followed by UEFA (Europe) with ten titles and CAF (Africa) with one title. Teams from the AFC (Asia) and CONCACAF (North America, Central America, Caribbean) have made the tournament final four times, but were defeated by strong UEFA sides. No current OFC member has ever made the semifinals; Australia reached the semifinals as an OFC member in 1991 and 1993, finishing fourth on both occasions, before the country joined the AFC in 2006.
1 = as Yugoslavia (1987).
2 = as part of OFC (currently in AFC since 2006).
Awards
Golden Ball
The Adidas Golden Ball award is awarded to the player who plays the most outstanding football during the tournament. It is selected by the media poll. Since the 2007 tournament, those who finish as runners-up in the vote receive the Silver Ball and Bronze Ball awards as the second and third most outstanding players in the tournament respectively.
Golden Boot
The Golden Boot (known commercially as the Adidas Golden Shoe) is awarded to the top goalscorer of the tournament. If players are equal in goals, they are then ranked by the most assists made and, if still tied, by fewest minutes played during the tournament.
Golden Glove
The Golden Glove is awarded to the best goalkeeper of the tournament.
FIFA Fair Play Award
FIFA Fair Play Award is given to the team who has the best fair play record during the tournament with the criteria set by FIFA Fair Play Committee.
Records and statistics
Most World Cup appearances 18,
Most consecutive finals tournaments 16, (1981–2011)
Most tournament wins (player) 2, three players:
Fernando Brassard (; 1989 and 1991)
João Vieira Pinto (; 1989 and 1991)
Sergio Agüero (; 2005 and 2007)
Largest win margin in one match 12 goals ( 12–0 , 30 May 2019)
Most goals scored in a match by a single player 9 goals (Erling Haaland for against , 30 May 2019)
See also
List of association football competitions
National team appearances in the FIFA U-20 World Cup
FIFA U-17 World Cup
FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup
Toulon Tournament
Granatkin Memorial
References
External links
Tournament archive at Fifa.com
World Youth Cup (U-20) Overview at the RSSSF
Youth football competitions
Under-20 association football
World youth sports competitions
U-20 World Cup
Recurring sporting events established in 1977
U20
Młyniec Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 390.
References
Villages in Toruń County
Mommy's Bliss is a family-run company, started by Roshan Kaderali. After raising three kids, working as a registered nurse, lactation consultant, doula and midwife they founded the company in 1999. Roshan recommended gripe water for infants with colic and fussiness. However, gripe water was not available in America. They worked with a laboratory registered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for current good manufacturing practices, and developed the first all-natural gripe water for the American market.
History
Mommy's Bliss is a mother-daughter run company that focuses on providing baby products. The company was founded in 1999, by Registered Nurse, Certified Midwife, Roshan Kaderali. The Kaderali family started the business with $10,000 from their savings. Roshan Kaderali was a nurse in Scotland and saw the benefits of gripe water for children who suffer from colic and other stomach maladies. They looked for a similar product in the U.S. to help meet the demand for a remedy for colic. Since, there was nothing on the market, Kaderali purified the gripe water and began selling the first natural gripe water.
In 2008, the U.S. FDA and Health Canada warned that Mother's Bliss Nipple Cream may cause respiratory distress and other complications in infants. The product was subsequently discontinued.
As of 2013, their gripe water is one of the best-selling colic relief products. Gripe water, which eases stomach problems in children, sold one million bottles each year. That same year, they introduced four new items, many to help children sleep better.
Mommy's Bliss was listed on the Inc 5,000 and recognized as one of the fastest growing private companies of 2013.
External links
References
American companies established in 1999
Companies based in San Rafael, California
A Little Man and a House and the Whole World Window is the debut studio album proper by the English rock band Cardiacs. Released on 21 March 1988, its single "Is This the Life?" saw brief chart success due to exposure on mainstream radio, and garnered the attention of a wider audience when it entered the Independent Top 10 in the UK, peaking at number 80. Its reputation was very mixed due to its progressive nature, complex sound, and for being artistically abstract with its lyrics and themes. Some have described its release as a defining moment in the 1980s underground culture considering the group's large influence, while the single's airplay achieved a much wider audience for the band.
At the start of March 1987, Cardiacs were accused of incest between Tim and their then wife, and band saxophonist, Sarah Smith by the Sunday Sport tabloid, due to the mistaken belief that the pair were related, with the joke being kept up by the band ever since. Sessions for the album began in 1985 at The Workhouse Studios with the songs "There are Too Many Irons in the Fire" and "All Spectacular" being released as a double A-side single in August 1987 and left off the LP, only appearing on deluxe Torso releases of the album. They, along with B-side "Loosefish Scapegrace", were recorded at Soft Option Studios and were included on the Songs for Ships and Irons compilation.
The album was loosely conceptualised as a performance by a band of clowns under the tyranny of the Alphabet Business Concern label and the fictional characters of the Consultant and Miss Swift, an idea that was conceived on the Seaside Treats video. The band re-recorded many tracks from their previous album, The Seaside, this time with a larger budget and better studio equipment. With manager Mark Walmesley and engineer Graham Simmonds (previously a Cardiacs member), the group coloured much of the recordings with sound effects and orchestration, as exemplified on "A Little Man and a House", "The Breakfast Line" and "Victory Egg". Recording was completed in 1987.
Background
By 1984, Cardiacs had donned a clown aesthetic with suits and smeared make-up. According to Tim Smith, "we were not aware that we looked strange back then. The strange suits and make-up we wore in those days was us just trying to look our best. We read somewhere that pop groups were supposed to look their best so we were told to do it. Maybe we got it a bit wrong." In August 1986, two years after finishing the album The Seaside, the group recorded the live album Rude Bootleg at Little John's Farm, featuring many previously unreleased songs. Studio versions of two tracks from the show, along with three new songs, were released on an extended play titled Big Ship the next year. The band were receiving skeptical reception from critics whilst garnering more attention from their appearance on Channel 4's The Tube.
The publication in the UK of Smith's remarks about them and their wife "sharing the same mum and bed" then embroiled the band on controversy when the story was published in the Sunday Sport. Kingston Police reportedly investigated the claims, but it is believed to have been a publicity stunt, with label representatives keeping up the incestuous narrative. The tabloid writer Madeleine Pallas writes:
During that time, members Marguerite Johnson and Graham Simmonds left the band. Johnson reportedly went missing in 1984, though it was likely said as satire. The same year, the group worked on other projects. Tim Smith, Sarah Smith and William D. Drake formed the group Mr and Mrs Smith and Mr Drake, releasing the album of the same name. Smith also produced, directed and acted in the short film Seaside Treats and played brass with their wife on the Sound's third EP Shock of Daylight.
Inspiration and conception
Whilst recording the Seaside album, Smith started writing longer, more theatrical compositions, inspired by the likes of the Red Krayola, Devo, Frank Zappa and Slapp Happy. According to music journalist Sean Kitching, this initiation into avant-garde afforded Cardiacs some of the "most sublime and effortlessly happy moments" that defined the group's next project, A Little Man and a House and the Whole World Window. The addition of keyboardist William D. Drake in the lineup also revamped the Cardiacs sound, along with Smith taking over vocals after Mark Cawthra left in 1983. Smith's war-related lyrics in songs such as "Hope Day" were expanded upon in "Loosefish Scapegrace", a song that provided an anthemic theme to introduce the new album to fans, as well as "Victory Egg" (originally titled "Victory"), a song about the First World War. Smith and Drake co-wrote the songs "I'm Eating in Bed" and the album closer "The Whole World Window". Smith wrote the album's interlude in their youth, when they were about 13 years old. Many tracks from the album were previously released in other forms. The songs "A Little Man and a House", "R.E.S.", and "Is This the Life?" were re-recorded from the Seaside demo album, with the latter originating from Toy World. The songs "The Icing on the World", "In a City Lining", "I'm Eating in Bed" and "The Whole World Window" were first released on the Rude Bootleg live album.
In 1985, the Seaside Treats video album introduced the concept of the Alphabet Business Concern label having tyrannical power over the band. The idea involved two fictional members of Cardiacs' management, who were named "the Consultant" and "Miss Swift". The former was portrayed by James Stevens, with the characters appearing in Cardiacs live shows until 1989. They were characterised with opposing personalities, with Swift being courteous and sensitive, and the Consultant being loud and overbearing. Smith's marriage to Sarah in 1983 was credited to the Consultant as a punishment to cover up the Sunday Sport scandal, despite it not making sense chronologically. They, along with Cardiacs manager Mark Walmesley, provided vocals for the album.
Recording and production
Sessions began in 1985 at The Workhouse Studios (formerly Maximum Sound Studios), marking the first time that Cardiacs had done a proper studio recording. Afforded the luxury of a proper recording budget, the band finished recording the album two years later in 1987. After the Workhouse sessions, they recorded "There are Too Many Irons in the Fire", followed by two other songs: "All Spectecular" and "Loosefish Scapegrace", the sessions for which took place in Soft Option Studios.
"There are Too Many Irons in the Fire" and "All Spectacular" were subsequently released as a double A-side in August 1987. The songs were excluded from A Little Man, only included on the Torso deluxe CD and the compilation album Songs for Ships and Irons. A re-recording of the song "Is This the Life?" was released as a single in March 1988, managing to chart due to exposure on mainstream radio, peaking at number 80 in the UK. It remains the most famous track by the band, featuring the B-sides "Goosegash" and "I'm Eating in Bed", the latter being recorded at The Slaughterhouse Studios, where they recorded the majority of their following album On Land and in the Sea.
The album was produced by Smith.
Releases, availability and reissues
A Little Man and a House and the Whole World Window was originally released on vinyl LP and cassette by the band's record label Alphabet Business Concern. It was subsequently released on CD by the Dutch record label Torso Records with five bonus tracks added – the three tracks from the previous "There are Too Many Irons in the Fire" single ("There are Too Many Irons in the Fire", "All Spectacular" and "Loosefish Scapegrace") plus the B-side tracks from the "Is This the Life?" 12" single ("Goosegash" and "I'm Eating in Bed"). Alphabet released a number of CDs which were actually the Dutch Torso Records version (TORSO CD060), with an Alphabet album number sticker over the Torso release (although the CD has the Torso number printed on it.)
The album was reissued on CD in 1995 (along with the rest of the band's back catalogue) by Alphabet Business Concern. The track listing on this release followed the original vinyl and cassette track listing and removed all of the bonus tracks, with the exception of "I'm Eating in Bed" which was reinstated as the album's third track in accordance with the wishes of the band.
After a long period of unavailability, the album was re-pressed in August 2007 and is available on the band's official website.
Critical reception
In New Musical Express, reviewer Jack O'Neill savaged the album for what they perceived to be its retrospective musical approach and (in their opinion) unwelcome leanings towards progressive rock. "Just when you thought Marillion had taken us to the very limit along comes this schizo-progressive anachronism wherein the Cardiacs have telescoped the entire dreggs of the early seventies into one album so geriatric, by comparison that the next Blue Öyster Cult will sound as fresh as Viva Hate. It is the Floyd, it is Genesis, it is King Crimson, does it matter? A Little Man... is the very worst bits of Tommy stretched out to an eternity; it's Emerson, Lake & Palmer; it's Brain Salad Burglary as the NME of its day might have said. By way of variation 'In a City Lining' knocks off one of those Neil Young/Mission cryogenic guitar solos and to bewilder us completely there is a nutty body-stomp midway through "Is This the Life" which resides about as comfortable as Ian Paisley in the Vatican. Cardiacs are the sound of both feet in the grave."
Over time, critical reception changed significantly towards a positive view of the album, and the album has become recognized as a somewhat unrecognized milestone, and predecessor to Cardiacs Magnum Opus Sing To God. Writing for Quietus, one review stated "Cardiacs music is fuelled by love and laughter and by awe in the diversity of creation. It is grandiloquent in the way that certain classical music is - particularly the work of Charles Ives - often with several harmonies and melodies developing and converging within the structure of a single song. It can be as simple and beautiful as a budding flower, or as grandiose and multifaceted as the most baroque of architecture."
Track listing
All songs are written by Tim Smith except where indicated otherwise.
Original release
1988 Torso bonus tracks
1995 Alphabet Business Concern reissue
Personnel
Cardiacs
Tim Smith – lead vocals, guitar, flute and recorder
Jim Smith – bass guitar and vocals
Sarah Smith – saxophone, clarinets, recorder and vocals
William D. Drake – keyboards and vocals
Tim Quy – marimba, percussion and Synthesiser
Dominic Luckman – drums
Additional musicians
Ashley Slater – tenor and bass trombones
Phil Cesar – trumpet, flugelhorn and soprano trumpet
Elaine Herman – violin
The Consultant, Miss Swift and Mark Walmesley – vocals
Production
Tim Smith – producer
Pete Hammond – executive producer
Graham Simmonds, Pete Hammond, Roger Tebbutt, Spencer Henderson and Stuart Barry – engineer
Maxwell Anandappa – plating
Release history
Notes
References
External links
1988 debut albums
Cardiacs albums
Activated sludge model is a generic name for a group of mathematical methods to model activated sludge systems. The research in this area is coordinated by a task group of the International Water Association (IWA). Activated sludge models are used in scientific research to study biological processes in hypothetical systems. They can also be applied on full scale wastewater treatment plants for optimisation, when carefully calibrated with reference data for sludge production and nutrients in the effluent.
Around 1983 a task group of the International Association on Water Quality (one of the associations that formed IWA) was formed. They started creating on a generalised framework for mathematical models that could be used to model activated sludge for nitrogen removal. One of the main goals was to develop a model of which the complexity was as low as possible and simple to represent, though still able to accurately predict the biological processes. After four years, the first IAWQ model, named ASM1 was ready and incorporated a basic model taking into account chemical oxygen demand (COD), bacterial growth, and biomass degradation.
An activated sludge model consists of:
state variables: these include the different fractions of COD, biomass and different types of nutrients, both organic and inorganic
a description of the dynamic processes: lists the different biological processes that are modelled, together with their formulae
parameters: variables that describe the circumstances of the biological system, such as growth and decay rate, half-saturation coefficient for hydrolysis, etc.
History
Before work on ASM1 started in 1983, there were already some 15 years of experience in activated sludge modelling, although every research group that worked on mathematical systems of activated sludge created its own model framework, incompatible to all others. ASM1 therefore catalysed the research and had a major impact on activated sludge modelling .
ASM1 was the foundation for numerous extensions. These extensions include for example better prediction of nitrogen and phosphorus removal. Widely used extended models include ASM2, ASM2d, and ASM3P. At the time of publication of the ASM1 model, biological phosphorus removal was already used although this process was not completely understood at that time. Basic knowledge of phosphorus removing bacteria was included in the ASM1 model and parameters were adjusted accordingly. Hence after 8 years, ASM2 was published in 1995.
ASM1 does not include the role of phosphorus accumulating organisms nor the relationship between biological phosphorus removal and removal of nitrogen. An enhanced version of ASM1, simply named ASM2, was developed to include biological and chemical phosphorus removal. As scientific understanding grew in the late 1990s, ASM2 was extended into ASM2d, principally by the addition of anoxic as well as aerobic uptake of phosphorus.
Availability
The IWA activated sludge models are commonly used in existing programs. The most common are Biowin, GPS-X, WEST, STOAT, SIMBA# and SUMO. In addition there are Matlab implementations available to university researchers, Fortran code in the COST 682 Benchmarking report, and Modelica code in the Modelica WasteWater library.
See also
Activated sludge
Bacterial growth
Membrane bioreactors
Michaelis-Menten kinetics
Monod equation
References
External links
Various PhD theses on modelling activated sludge systems
Detailed algorithms for ASM1 and Takacs settling tank model
Sewerage
Diouradougou Kafo is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 402 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,876. The village of Tièrè, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 80 km south of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
USS Buchanan (DD-484), a , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Franklin Buchanan, who was an officer in the U.S. Navy who became an admiral in the Confederate Navy during the American Civil War.
Buchanan (DD-484) was launched on 22 November 1941 by Federal Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Co., Kearny, New Jersey; sponsored by Miss Hildreth Meiere, great-granddaughter of Admiral Buchanan. The ship commissioned on 21 March 1942, Lieutenant Commander R. E. Wilson in command.
Service history
Buchanan got underway for the Pacific 28 May 1942. They played an effective role in the landings at Guadalcanal and Tulagi (7–9 August) and on 9 August they were present during the Battle of Savo Island and rescued many survivors of the cruisers , , , and , sunk during the battle. In September they escorted the aircraft carrier and other units to Nouméa, New Caledonia. Shortly thereafter, as part of TF 64.2, Buchanan assisted in the occupation of Funafuti Island in the Ellice Islands.
On the night of 11–12 October, as a unit of TG 64.2 Buchanan took part in the Battle of Cape Esperance. On 12 November the destroyer was damaged during the initial stages of the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal when they were accidentally hit by U.S. naval gunfire. They suffered the loss of five of their crew and had to withdraw from the action. After undergoing repairs, they were assigned to convoy escort duty until February 1943.
After leave in Sydney, Australia, Buchanan joined the screen of TF 15. On 30 April 1943, while screening in convoy, the ship ran aground off the southern coast of Guadalcanal and, after jettisoning heavy gear and ammunition, they were eased off the reef by three tugs. They proceeded to Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides, for repairs. Repairs completed, they participated in the New Georgia Group operations (30 June – 13 July) and while under heavy attack they effectively bombarded the enemy shore batteries during the invasion of Rendova. They participated in the bombardment of Munda (12 July) and the Battle of Kolombangara (13 July). Buchanan was damaged when they collided with the destroyer during the latter engagement and retired to Nouméa for repairs. During the ensuing months, Buchanan convoyed ships to Nouméa, Espiritu Santo, and Guadalcanal. They participated in the Treasury-Bougainville operation (1–11 November), taking part in the Rabaul and Buka-Bonis strikes. Next, as a unit of TF 38, they bombarded Shortland Island and Bougainville (8 and 13 January 1944). On 22 January, while going to the rescue of the torpedoed oiler , Buchanan hunted down and sank the Japanese submarine RO-37 in .
During February the destroyer participated in various phases of the Bismarck Archipelago operation (15 February – 1 March). They covered the Green Island landings and took an active part in the bombardment of Kavieng, Rabaul, and New Ireland before steaming to the United States to undergo a yard overhaul at Mare Island.
It participated in the Battle of Karavia
Invasion of the Philippines
Upon completion of overhaul and refresher training Buchanan returned to the Pacific and served with the transport screen during the assault and capture of the southern Palaus (6 September – 14 October 1944). They next participated in the strikes against Luzon between 14 and 16 December. On 18 December they were damaged by a typhoon in the Philippine Sea. Upon completion of repairs, they engaged in attacks on Luzon, Formosa, and the China coast (6–16 January 1945) in support of the Luzon operation. During the remainder of World War II they participated in the Iwo Jima invasion (15 February – 5 March), Okinawa operation and supporting 3rd and 5th Fleet raids (16 March – 30 June); as well as the 3rd Fleet operations against Japan (10 July – 15 August 1945).
End of World War II
On 29 August they entered Tokyo Bay escorting the battleship . On 1 September they carried Fleet Admirals Nimitz and Halsey from their respective flagships to Yokohama where they met with General MacArthur and then returned them to the fleet. The following day they carried General MacArthur to the battleship where they accepted the Japanese surrender and then returned them to Yokohama. They remained on occupation duty in the Far East until 8 October and then departed for San Francisco where they arrived 20 October. Buchanan steamed to Charleston, South Carolina for pre-inactivation overhaul and went out of commission in reserve there 21 May 1946.
Buchanan received the Presidential Unit Citation and 16 battle stars for their World War II service, placing them among the most decorated US ships of World War II.
TCG Gelibolu (D-346)
Buchanan was recommissioned 11 December 1948 at Charleston and underwent shakedown and refresher training with a nucleus Turkish crew aboard. On 29 March 1949, they got underway for Gölcük, Turkey, where they were turned over to the Turkish Navy on 28 April 1949.
The destroyer served in the Turkish Navy as TCG Gelibolu (D-346) until retired in 1976.
References
External links
USS Buchanan website at Destroyer History Foundation
navsource.org: USS Buchanan
hazegray.org: USS Buchanan
Gleaves-class destroyers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Kearny, New Jersey
1941 ships
World War II destroyers of the United States
Ships transferred from the United States Navy to the Turkish Navy
Gleaves-class destroyers of the Turkish Navy
Niege Dias (born 5 December 1966) is a former professional tennis player from Brazil. They also competed for the Brazil Fed Cup team from 1985 to 1988.
In their career, they won two WTA Tour singles tournaments, the 1987 Brazil Open and 1988 Barcelona Open.
Them best singles result at a Grand Slam tournament was reaching the third round of the 1988 French Open.
Dias retired from professional tennis in 1989, at the age of 22. They married their former coach, Luiz Carlos Enck.
WTA Career finals
Singles: 2 (2 titles)
Doubles: 2 (1 title, 1 runner-up)
Notes
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Brazilian female tennis players
Sportspeople from Rio Grande do Sul
21st-century Brazilian women
20th-century Brazilian women
Events in 1942 in animation.
Events
January
January 11: The Walt Disney Animation Studios releases the wartime propaganda cartoon Donald's Decision starring Donald Duck, directed by Ford Beebe.
January 11: The Walt Disney Animation Studios releases the wartime propaganda cartoon The New Spirit starring Donald Duck promoting paying income taxes, directed by Wilfred Jackson and Ben Sharpsteen.
January 26: George Pal's wartime propaganda cartoon Tulips Shall Grow premieres.
February
February 7: Riley Thomson's Mickey Mouse cartoon Mickey's Birthday Party premieres, produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios.
February 26: 14th Academy Awards:
The Pluto cartoon Lend a Paw, produced by the Walt Disney Animation Studios, wins the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
The soundtrack of Dumbo, by Frank Churchill and Oliver Wallace, wins the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
Walt Disney, William Garity, John N.A. Hawkins, the RCA Manufacturing Company and Leopold Stokowski all win an Academy Honorary Award for Fantasia.
Walt Disney wins the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award.
February 28: Chuck Jones' short, Conrad the Sailor premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons. The cartoon is notable for its use of match cuts.
March
March 20: Riley Thomson's Mickey Mouse cartoon Symphony Hour, produced by the Walt Disney Animation Studios, premieres.
March 28: Friz Freleng's Bugs Bunny cartoon The Wabbit Who Came to Supper, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, premieres.
Walt Disney Animation Studios releases Stop That Tank!, a wartime propaganda short directed by Ub Iwerks.
April
April 2: Bob Clampett's war time propaganda cartoon Any Bonds Today?, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, starring Bugs Bunny, Porky Pig and Elmer Fudd, is released to promote war bonds.
April 6: In Nazi Germany Hans Fischerkoesen's Verwitterte Melodie premieres.
April 10: Jack King's Donald Duck cartoon Donald's Snow Fight, produced by the Walt Disney Animation Studios, premieres.
April 11: Bob Clampett's Horton Hatches the Egg premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, based on Dr. Seuss' eponymous short story.
April 18: In the Tom & Jerry short Dog Trouble, produced by Hanna-Barbera for MGM Animation, Spike the bulldog makes their debut.
May
May 1: Jack King's Donald Duck cartoon Donald Gets Drafted, produced by the Walt Disney Animation Studios, premieres.
May 2:
Chuck Jones' Bugs Bunny short The Wacky Wabbit premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons.
Norman McCabe's Daffy Duck cartoon Daffy's Southern Exposure, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, premiers.
May 9: Chuck Jones' short, The Draft Horse premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons.
May 27: The Fleischer Studios go bankrupt and close down, and their animation department is taken over by Paramount's Famous Studios.
June
June 6: Chuck Jones' Bugs Bunny short Hold the Lion, Please, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, premieres.
June 22: Walter Lantz' Woody Woodpecker cartoon Ace in the Hole premieres.
July
July 11: Bob Clampett's Bugs Bunny Gets the Boid premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons in which Beaky Buzzard makes their debut.
July 18: The Tom & Jerry short The Bowling Alley-Cat, produced by Hanna-Barbera for MGM Animation, premieres.
July 21: The Walt Disney Animation Studios releases the war-time propaganda cartoon Food Will Win the War, directed by Hamilton Luske.
July 30: The Walt Disney Animation Studios releases the wartime propaganda cartoon Out of the Frying Pan and into the Firing Line, directed by Ben Sharpsteen, starring Minnie Mouse and Pluto.
August
August 1: Norman McCabe's wartime propaganda cartoon The Ducktators premieres, produced by the Warner Bros. Cartoons. The cartoon satirizes Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini and Hideki Tojo.
August 9: The Walt Disney Animation Studios releases Bambi.
August 22:
Friz Freleng's Bugs Bunny cartoon Fresh Hare, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, premieres.
Tex Avery's first cartoon for MGM Animation premieres: Blitz Wolf. It's a war time propaganda short in which the Three Little Pigs story is retold with Adolf Hitler as the Big Bad Wolf.
August 24: Walt Disney's Saludos Amigos premieres, an animated feature starring Donald Duck, aimed at the Latin American market, which will receive its U.S. premier half a year later. It marks the debut of José Carioca who will become a popular comics character in Brazil.
August 29: Tex Avery's The Early Bird Dood It!, produced by MGM Animation, premieres.
September
September 4: Jack Kinney's Goofy cartoon How to Play Baseball, produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios, premieres.
September 6: The wartime propaganda cartoon You're a Sap, Mr. Jap starring Popeye, directed by Dan Gordon, produced by Famous Studios, premieres.
September 18: The wartime propaganda cartoon Japoteurs starring Superman, directed by Seymour Kneitel, produced by Famous Studios, premieres.
September 19: Chuck Jones' short, The Dover Boys premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons. The short is notable for the use of limited animation and drybrush smear techniques.
September 25: Jack King's Donald Duck cartoon The Vanishing Private, produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios, premieres.
October
October 3: Bob Clampett's The Hep Cat, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, premieres.
October 8: Chuck Jones' The Squawkin' Hawk premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons which marks the debut of Henery Hawk.
October 9: Jack Kinney's Goofy cartoon The Olympic Champ, produced by the Walt Disney Animation Studios, premieres.
October 10: The Tom & Jerry short Fine Feathered Friend, produced by Hanna-Barbera for MGM Animation, marks the debut of the iconic Tom & Jerry theme song.
October 23: Jack Kinney's Goofy cartoon How to Swim, produced by the Walt Disney Animation Studios, premieres.
October 24: Norman McCabe's Daffy Duck cartoon The Daffy Duckaroo, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, premieres.
November
November 6: The wartime propaganda cartoon Sky Trooper starring Donald Duck, directed by Jack King and produced by the Walt Disney Company, is first released.
November 20:
The wartime propaganda cartoon Eleventh Hour starring Superman, directed by Dan Gordon, produced by Famous Studios, premieres.
The wartime propaganda cartoon Scrap the Japs starring Popeye, directed by Seymour Kneitel, produced by Famous Studios, premieres.
Dante Quinterno's Upa en apuros premieres which is the first Argentine/ South American animated feature in colour.
November 21: Bob Clampett's A Tale of Two Kitties premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons which marks the debut of Tweety Bird.
December
December 5: Chuck Jones's Daffy Duck and Porky Pig cartoon My Favorite Duck, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons, premieres.
December 9: Jack Kinney's Goofy cartoon How to Fish, produced by the Walt Disney Animation Studios, premieres.
December 12: Chuck Jones' Bugs Bunny short Case of the Missing Hare premieres, produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons.
December 25: The Popeye cartoon Me Musical Nephews starring Popeye premieres, directed by Seymour Kneitel and produced by Famous Studios.
Specific date unknown
Roberto Sgrilli creates the animated short Anacleto e la Faina.
Norman McLaren's Hen Hop is released.
Films released
August 9 - Bambi (United States)
August 24 - Saludos Amigos (United States)
December 24 - 15.000 Dibujos (Chile)
Births
January
January 8: Stephen Hawking, English theoretical physicist, cosmologist and author (voiced themselves in The Simpsons episodes "They Saved Lisa's Brain", "Don't Fear the Roofer", "Stop, Or My Dog Will Shoot!" and "Elementary School Musical", and the Futurama episodes "Anthology of Interest I", "The Beast with a Billion Backs" and "Reincarnation"), (d. 2018).
January 11: Clarence Clemons, American musician and actor (voice of the Narrator in The Simpsons episode "Grift of the Magi"), (d. 2011).
January 17: Muhammad Ali, American boxer (voiced themselves in I Am the Greatest: The Adventures of Muhammad Ali), (d. 2016).
January 27: John Witherspoon, American actor and comedian (voice of Dad in Waynehead, Oran Jones in The Proud Family, Robert Freeman in The Boondocks, S. Ward Smith in Randy Cunningham: 9th Grade Ninja, Scofflaw in the Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales for Every Child episode "The Prince and the Pauper", Wayne in the Kim Possible episode "Rewriting History", Jimmy in the Animals episode "Squirrels", Franco Aplenty in the BoJack Horseman episode "Surprise"), (d. 2019).
February
February 1: Terry Jones, Welsh-British actor, comedian, writer and film director (occasional voices in Terry Gilliam's animated shorts in Monty Python's Flying Circus and its film spin-offs, co-creator of Blazing Dragons), (d. 2020).
February 2: Ed Bogas, American musician and composer (Fritz the Cat, Heavy Traffic, Peanuts, Garfield and Friends).
February 13: Simon Prebble, English-American actor (voice of the Computer, Professor Frith, and Jennings in Courage the Cowardly Dog, additional voices in Kenny the Shark).
March
March 7: Michael Eisner, American business person (The Walt Disney Company, founder of The Tornante Company, co-creator of Glenn Martin, DDS).
March 27: Michael York, English actor (voice of Nuvo Vindi in Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Count Vertigo in Batman: The Animated Series, Ares in Justice League Unlimited, Patrick in Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien, Xan in Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go!, Pterano in The Land Before Time VII: The Stone of Cold Fire).
April
April 20: Ishu Patel, Indian animation film director, producer, and educator.
May
May 2: Enrico Bertorelli, Italian actor (dub voice of Cell and Commander Red in Dragon Ball Z, James Gordon in Batman: The Animated Series), (d. 2020).
May 11: Terry McGovern, American actor and radio personality (voice of Launchpad McQuack in DuckTales and Darkwing Duck).
May 19: Flemming Quist Møller, Danish director (Benny's Bathtub, Jungledyret Hugo), animator, author, drummer, screenwriter and actor (voice of the Feather King in Beyond Beyond), (d. 2022).
June
June 15: Ian Greenberg, Canadian business person and media pioneer (co-founder of Astral Media, former owner of Family Channel), (d. 2022).
June 18: Paul McCartney, English singer (voice of Rupert Bear in Rupert and the Frog Song, themselves in The Simpsons episode Lisa the Vegetarian).
July
July 2: Picha, Belgian cartoonist, comics artist, animator and film director (Tarzoon: Shame of the Jungle, The Missing Link, The Big Bang, Snow White: The Sequel).
July 13: Harrison Ford, American actor (voice of Han Solo in The Star Wars Holiday Special, Rooster in The Secret Life of Pets 2).
July 24: Chris Sarandon, American actor (voice of Jack Skellington in The Nightmare Before Christmas, Kurotowa in Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind, Count Dracula in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Zebulon Kirk in The Chosen One, Myka in The Wild Thornberrys episode "Look Who's Squawking", Matt in the Danny Phantom episode "Pirate Radio", Mr. Randy in the Wayside episode "Age of Aquarium").
July 29: Tony Sirico, American actor (portrayed themselves in the Family Guy episode "Stewie, Chris, & Brian's Excellent Adventure", voice of Vinny in Family Guy, Enzo Perotti in American Dad!, Big Daddy in The Fairly OddParents episodes "Talkin' Trash" and "Big Wanda"), (d. 2022).
August
August 20: Isaac Hayes, American singer and actor (voice of Chef in South Park), (d. 2008).
September
September 29: Madeleine Kahn, American actor, comedian, and singer (voice of Draggle in My Little Pony: The Movie, Gussie Mausheimer in An American Tail, Gypsy in A Bug's Life, Mrs. Shapiro in the Little Bill episode "The Campout"), (d. 1999).
October
October 2: Peter Newman, American voice actor (voice of Tygra and Wilykit in ThunderCats, Peter Knook, Awgwas, and the Gnome King in The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus, Mumbo Jumbo and Quicksilver in Silverhawks, Nikolai Jakov in Archer).
October 3:
Steve Susskind, American actor (voice of J.J. Eureka Vatos in The Tick, Irate Chef in The Emperor's New Groove, Jerry Slugworth in Monsters, Inc., Sergeant Squash in the DuckTales episode "Duckworth's Revolt", Maxie Zeus in the Batman: The Animated Series episode "Fire from Olympus"), (d. 2005).
Alan Rachins, American actor (voice of Norman Osborn in The Spectacular Spider-Man, Clock King in Batman: The Animated Series, Ned Staples in Scooby-Doo! Mecha Mutt Menace).
October 20: Robert Costanzo, American actor (voice of Harvey Bullock in the DC Animated Universe, Philoctetes in Hercules and House of Mouse, Maximillius Moose in Foodfight!).
October 26: Bob Hoskins, English actor (portrayed Eddie Valiant in Who Framed Roger Rabbit, voice of Boris in Balto), (d. 2014).
October 31: David Ogden Stiers, American actor (voice of Cogsworth in Beauty and the Beast, Ratcliffe and Wiggins in Pocahontas, the Archdeacon in The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Jumba in the Lilo & Stitch franchise), (d. 2018).
November
November 1: Marcia Wallace, American actor and comedian (voice of Edna Krabappel in The Simpsons, Clovis, Mrs. Cavanaugh and Didi Lovelost in Darkwing Duck, 'Dark Interlude' Actress in Batman: The Animated Series, Mrs. Blossom in The Addams Family, Mrs. Wheeler in Captain Planet and the Planeteers, Oopa in Aladdin, Woman and Old Woman in I Am Weasel, Mrs. Beaver in The Angry Beavers, Mrs. Rapple in Rugrats), (d. 2013).
November 8: Tony Eastman, American animator (Sniz & Fondue, Saturday TV Funhouse, Between the Lions, Courage the Cowardly Dog, Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law), storyboard artist (Beavis and Butt-Head, Beavis and Butt-Head Do America, Daria, Sheep in the Big City, I Spy, Codename: Kids Next Door) and director (Doug), (d. 2020).
November 20: Bob Einstein, American actor, comedy writer and producer (voice of Super Dave Osborne in Super Dave: Daredevil for Hire, Elephant Trainer and The Bookie in The Life & Times of Tim, Stuff in Strange Magic), (d. 2019).
November 24: Billy Connolly, Scottish actor and comedian (voice of Ben in Pocahontas, King Fergus in Brave, McSquizzy in Open Season and Open Season 2).
December
December 18: Harvey Atkin, Canadian actor (voice of Alien/Henchman in Heavy Metal, King Koopa in The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!), (d. 2017).
Specific date unknown
Richard Condie, Canadian animator, filmmaker and musician (The Big Snit).
Aylin Özmenek, Turkish animator, (d. 2021).
Fernando Ruiz Álvarez, Mexican animator (The Sword in the Stone) and director (Los Tres Reyes Magos, La Bruja Chiriloca, Los Telerines, The Adventures of Oliver Twist), (d. 2021).
Deaths
May
May 14: Frank Churchill, American composer and songwriter (Walt Disney Animation Studios), dies at age 40.
See also
List of anime by release date (1939–1945)
References
External links
Animated works of the year, listed in the IMDb
Homungellidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Homungella Timm, 1966
References
Nematodes
Eupselia satrapella is a species of moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland, New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory.
The wingspan is 16.5–19 mm. The forewings are deep yellow, with the apical portion beyond an inwardly curved line from three-fifths of the costa to three-fourths of the inner-margin purple (light reddish-purple scales being thickly strewn on a black ground, towards the anal angle in longitudinal lines). There is a suffused dark fuscous streak along the costa from the base to the middle and a dark fuscous streak along the lower half of the division-line of the yellow and purple portions, immediately beyond which are two small deep blue spots, one in the middle, the other above the inner-margin. There is a broader dark fuscous streak from the costa at the junction of yellow and purple portions to the anal angle, slightly curved inwards, bordered posteriorly on its lower half with purple-blue. A very oblique, short, dark fuscous streak runs from the costal extremity of this streak towards the hind-margin a little below the apex, above which is a deep purple-blue spot, and the extreme the costa is yellow. There are four round black spots on the lower part of the hind-margin, surrounded by ochreous scales, and alternating with three smaller longitudinally elongate black spots. There is also a metallic purple line along the base of the cilia, the rest of the cilia dark fuscous. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Eupselia
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1880
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Elk Lake may refer to:
Elk Lake, Ontario, a community in James township, Ontario
Elk Lake Airport
Elk Lake Water Aerodrome
Elk Lake School District, in Dimock, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania
Elk Lake Township, Grant County, Minnesota
Elk Lake may refer to the following lakes:
Elk Lake (Kentucky)
Elk Lake (Michigan), in northern Michigan
Elk Lake in Clearwater County, Minnesota, headwaters of the Mississippi River, south of Lake Itasca
Elk Lake (Douglas County, Minnesota), a lake in Douglas County
Elk Lake (Grant County, Minnesota)
Elk Lake in Missoula County, Montana
Elk Lake in Park County, Montana
Elk Lake in Wheatland County, Montana
Elk Lake (New York)
Elk Lake (Oregon)
Elk Lake (Sawtooth Wilderness)
Elk Lake (British Columbia), in Saanich, British Columbia
See also
Elk Lakes (disambiguation)
Ełk Lake, Poland
is a monorail station operated by the Tokyo Tama Intercity Monorail Company in Higashiyamato, Tokyo, Japan.
Lines
Kamikitadai Station is a terminus of the 16.0 kilometer Tama Toshi Monorail Line.
Station layout
Kamikitadai Station is a raised station with two tracks and two side platforms. It has a standardized station building of the monorail line.
Platforms
Surrounding area
The station is above Tokyo Metropolitan Route 43 (Imokubo-Kaidō). Other points of interest include:
Kita-Tama-Seibu Fire Station
Higashiyamato Kamikitadai Post Office
Higashiyamato City Fourth Junior High School
Higashiyamato City Fifth Junior High School
Tokyo Metropolitan Route 5 (Shin-Ōme-Kaidō)
History
The station opened on November 27, 1998 with the opening of the line. Although plans to extend the line towards Hakonegasaki Station remain unfulfilled.
Adjacent stations
References
External links
Tama Monorail Kamikitadai Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1998
Railway stations in Tokyo
Tama Toshi Monorail
Higashiyamato, Tokyo
Four tennis events were contested at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, France. These were played at the Cercle des Sports de l'Île de Puteaux. All four events were won by Great Britain. 26 tennis players from 4 nations competed, with over half from the host nation of France.
The field was small but of high quality, particularly with the top British players present. The Doherty brothers, Reginald and Laurence, were the premier players; they won the men's doubles together, Laurence won the men's singles (after Reginald withdrew rather than play their brother in the semifinals), and Reginald partnered with Charlotte Cooper to take gold in the mixed doubles.
The tournament organization was uncertain, with no venue guaranteed until 5 days before the events began. The ten-court l'Île de Puteaux club eventually agreed to host the tournaments. Five of the courts were used, with court #5 the primary one.
Medal summary
Events
Medal table
Participating nations
A total of 26 players from 4 nations competed at the Paris Games:
Non-Olympic events
In addition to the four events recognized as Olympic competitions, there were other tennis events conducted at the l'Île de Puteaux club during the week of the Olympic events. These included handicap events and a professional round-robin men's singles tournament.
References
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Tennis 1900". Accessed 10 March 2006. Available electronically at .
ITF, 2008 Olympic Tennis Event Media Guide
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
Olympics
1900 Olympics
Tennis in Paris
The Computer Science High School of Bicolandia, also referred to by its acronym CSHSB, is an information and communications technology (ICT) and junior high school in the capital town of Pili, Camarines Sur, Philippines.
Founded in 2008, it is a previously university-administered high school under the Central Bicol State University of Agriculture until 2015. At present, the school operates under the Department of Education with a specialized curriculum for ICT.
History
The Computer Science High School of Bicolandia (CSHSB) was founded in 2008. The establishment was by way of R.A. No. 10284 in the Congress of the Philippines. It was initially named as "Bicolandia ICT-Oriented High School". A few months later after its foundation, the name of the school had been changed to its current name.
This special program was initiated by the actions of then Congressman of the Third District of Camarines Sur, Luis R. Villafuerte, in collaboration with Central Bicol State University of Agriculture, under the administration of its first University President, Atty. Marito T. Bernales.
Through the help of the late Mayor Alexis San Luis, top elementary graduate students across the capital town of Pili, Camarines Sur were invited to take the school's first entrance examination on 2008. The original intake was supposedly the top 70 students of the entrance examination and interview until it was decided to add another two slots as approved by the school's administration.
The 72 students were known as part of the pioneer batch of CSHSB. They were the first recipients of free education and other educational benefits as sponsored by the then member of congress. The first sections of the school were named as I-Unity and I-Harmony. It was in 2009 when the current CSHSB Building had been used and also the start of using the “A” and “P” sections. The school has two or three sections per year level ever since its establishment.
The school is a university-administered high school for seven years. It was initially administered from the Institute of Arts and Sciences (now the College of Arts and Sciences), until it was later transferred to the College of Development Education. During the school year 2011-2012, the levels were completed from first year to fourth year. It was in 2012 when the CSHSB produced its very own pioneer graduates.
In 2015, the administration of the school marked its start under the Department of Education, which is formerly with its home university Central Bicol State University of Agriculture. With the implementation of the K to 12 Basic Education Programs by the Aquino Administration, the school completely operated as a junior high school starting the school year 2015-2016.
Classes
Admissions
At present, CSHSB is a popular school of choice among elementary graduates from the town of Pili and the rest of Camarines Sur. The school requires passing an entrance examination followed by an interview for all prospective students. The top applicants will comprise the sections of Grade 7 which are the 7-Symbian, 7-Oracle, and 7-Android.
Sections
Except for Grade 10 which has two (2) sections, the other grade levels have three (3) sections each. The current names of each sections for all grade levels are listed below.
Curriculum
The school's specialized ICT curriculum provides technical know-how on Computer Programming, Computer Animation, Computer Networking, Computer Troubleshooting, Web Development and other Computer Courses, for its Grade 7 up to Grade 10 students. It has two air-conditioned Computer laboratories kept with 1:1 student-computer ratio.
Along with the said specialized subject offerings, subjects like English, Math, Science, Filipino, Social Studies, Values Education, and MAPEH (Music, Arts, Physical Education and Health) are also offered for Grades 7 to 10. On the other hand, subjects like Technical Writing and Statistics, and advance lessons in Mathematics and Science are being taught in Grade 8 level while Research is offered for Grade 8 and Grade 9 students.
Meanwhile, additional skills like culinary, driving, swimming, and music will also be integrated to some related subjects.
References
External links
Facebook page
Blogspot page for CSHSB
Republic Act No. 10284
High schools in Camarines Sur
Educational institutions established in 2008
2008 establishments in the Philippines
Science high schools in the Philippines
Information technology schools
Chrysophyllum colombianum is a tree in the family Sapotaceae, native to Central and South America.
Description
Chrysophyllum colombianum grows up to tall, with a trunk diameter of up to . It's red to brown bark is scaly. The oblanceolate leaves measure up to long. Fascicles feature up to 15 greenish flowers. The fruits ripen brownish-gold and measure up to long.
Distribution and habitat
Chrysophyllum colombianum is native to an area from Costa Rica in the north to Brazil and Peru in the south. Its habitat is in rainforest at altitudes up to .
References
colombianum
Flora of Central America
Flora of western South America
Flora of North Brazil
Plants described in 1967
Taxa named by André Aubréville
In mechanical engineering, a docking sleeve or mounting boss is a tube or enclosure used to couple two mechanical components together, or for chilling, or to retain two components together; this permits two equally sized appendages to be connected via insertion and fixing within the construction. Docking sleeves may be physically solid or flexible, their implementation varying widely according to the required application of the device. The most common application is the plastic appendage that receives a screw in order to attach two parts.
References
Mechanical engineering
Cimoliasaurus was a plesiosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) of New Jersey. It grew from 13 to 25 ft long.
Etymology
The name is derived from the Greek , meaning "white chalk", and , meaning "lizard", in reference to the fact that the deposits in which it was found bear a superficial resemblance to the chalk deposits of the Western Interior Seaway.
Taxonomic history
The name Cimoliasaurus magnus was coined by Joseph Leidy for ANSP 9235, one anterior and 12 posterior cervicals collected in Maastrichtian-aged greensand deposits in Burlington County, New Jersey.
In their catalogue of plesiosaur and ichthyosaur specimens preserved in the NHM, the British zoologist Richard Lydekker referred several Jurassic and Cretaceous plesiosaur species to Cimoliasaurus, including the new species C. richardsoni (now considered a species of Cryptoclidus) and C. cantabrigiensis, as well as Colymbosaurus and a number of previously described species from the Cambridge Greensand and Chalk Group.
Nowadays, Cimoliasaurus is now recognized as being a derived elasmosaurid, effectively making the family name Cimoliasauridae Delair, 1959 a junior synonym of Elasmosauridae.
Misassigned nominal species
Cimoliasaurus laramiensis Knight, 1900, now Tatenectes
Cimoliasaurus richardsoni Lydekker, 1889, now Cryptoclidus richardsoni
Cimoliasaurus valdensis Lydekker, 1889, now Hastanectes
Cimoliasaurus teplicensis Fritsch, 1906 (nomen dubium)
See also
List of plesiosaur genera
Timeline of plesiosaur research
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20080414142638/http://www.palaeos.com/Vertebrates/Units/220Lepidosauromorpha/220.820.html#Cimoliasaurus
Late Cretaceous plesiosaurs of North America
Elasmosaurids
Fossil taxa described in 1851
Taxa named by Joseph Leidy
Sauropterygian genera
Undeniable is the seventh studio album by rapper, AZ, released on April 1, 2008 through Fast Life Music and Koch Records.
The album debuted at number 141 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling over 5,000 copies in its first week.
Track listing
Samples
Life on the Line
"Touch a Four Leaf Clover" by Atlantic Starr
Fire
"Space" by Galt MacDermot
"Let's Go Up" by Dennis Edwards
What Would You Do
"The Magic of Your Love" by The Majestic Arrows
Parking Lot Pimpin'
"Out There" by Willie Hutch
Go Getta
"Chocolate Girl" by The Whispers
Now I Know
"Da-Da" by Hiroshima
Chart positions
References
External links
“The Hardest” - Review Of AZ's Undeniable
2008 albums
AZ (rapper) albums
Albums produced by Nottz
Albums produced by Large Professor
Albums produced by Emile Haynie
E1 Music albums
Emil Oskar Spjøtvoll (21 July 1940 – 4 March 2002) was a Norwegian mathematician and statistician.
Spjøtvoll was born in Hemne. They finished their secondary education in 1959 at Trondheim Cathedral School, took the cand.mag. degree at the University of Oslo in 1962 and then the cand.real. degree in 1964. Spjøtvoll lectured at the university from 1965 to 1968, and in 1968 they took the dr.philos. degree with the thesis A Mixed Model in the Analysis of Variance. Optimal Properties.
They were a guest scholar at University of California, Berkeley and the University of Wisconsin, Madison from 1968 to 1970, then docent at the University of Oslo. From 1973 to 1983 they were a professor at the Norwegian College of Agriculture. Spjøtvoll had guest scholarships in Paris (1980–1981) and Zürich (1982–1983).
In 1983 Spjøtvoll was hired at the Norwegian Institute of Technology. They were prorector from 1990 to 1993 and rector from 1993 to 1995. Spjøtvoll was then the first rector at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, a post they held from 1996 until 31 December 2001. They also worked for Statistics Norway and SINTEF. Spjøtvoll was originally an opponent of the merger which led to the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, but then turned around and became a defender of the new university.
Spjøtvoll was a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences from 1984, the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters from 1985, the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1987. In 1999 they were decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav.
They were married twice. They died from cancer in March 2002.
References
1940 births
2002 deaths
People from Hemne
People educated at the Trondheim Cathedral School
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
University of Oslo faculty
Norwegian College of Agriculture faculty
Norwegian Institute of Technology faculty
Norwegian University of Science and Technology faculty
Rectors of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology
Norwegian mathematicians
Norwegian statisticians
Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences
Deaths from cancer in Norway
A border guard of a country is a national security agency that performs border security.
Border Guard may also refer to:
Border Guard (Finland)
Bundesgrenzschutz, Germany
Border Guard (Poland)
Border Guard Corps, Switzerland
See also
Border Patrol (disambiguation)
Border Troops (disambiguation)
During President Jimmy Carter's presidency, they nominated four people for four different federal appellate judgeships who were not processed by the Democratic-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee before Carter's presidency ended. None of the four nominees were renominated by Carter's successor, President Ronald Reagan. Three of the nominees who were not processed (Eugene Nickerson, Nicholas Bua and Howard F. Sachs) were nominated after July 1, 1980, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year. All four seats eventually were filled by appointees of President Ronald Reagan.
The four nominees were blocked in committee; no committee hearings ever were held for any of the three. The nominees were held up at the same time that in an unprecedented move, the Senate chose to take up Carter's November 13, 1980, nomination—after they already had lost the 1980 presidential election to Ronald Reagan—of Stephen Breyer to an appellate judgeship on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. The Senate wound up confirming Breyer (whom President Bill Clinton appointed to the United States Supreme Court in 1994) during the lame-duck session of the 96th Congress the following month. (Breyer's appellate court confirmation in 1980, which was the result of support from both Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee, often is cited as evidence disproving the existence of the Thurmond Rule.)
During their presidency, Carter also nominated 16 people for 15 different federal district judgeships who were never confirmed by the United States Senate.
List of unconfirmed appellate nominees
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
New York seat - Eugene Nickerson (judgeship later filled by Reagan nominee Lawrence W. Pierce)
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
Texas seat - Andrew L. Jefferson, Jr. (judgeship later filled by Reagan nominee William Lockhart Garwood)
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
Illinois seat - Nicholas Bua (judgeship later filled by Reagan nominee Richard Posner)
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
Missouri seat - Howard F. Sachs (judgeship later filled by Reagan nominee John R. Gibson)
Others who were considered for nomination
In 1978 or 1979, Carter strongly and publicly had considered nominating Joan Krauskopf, then a law professor at the University of Missouri, to a newly created seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. However, Krauskopf received a "not qualified" rating from the American Bar Association because of an alleged lack of judicial experience. A White House staffer disputed that assertion, noting that the judges on the Eighth Circuit felt Krauskopf's teaching responsibilities had given them the requisite experience to handle the job, and that Krauskopf was thought by some in the ABA to be too liberal. Despite support for their candidacy by Missouri Sen. Thomas Eagleton, Carter himself, on the recommendation of their attorney general, Griffin Bell, made the decision not to proceed with Krauskopf's nomination. Ultimately, Carter wound up nominating Richard S. Arnold to the seat in late 1979; they were confirmed in 1980.
Unconfirmed district court nominees
During their presidency, Carter nominated 16 people for 15 different federal district judgeships to federal district courts who never were confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Like the appellate court nominations mentioned above, many of these nominees were blocked by Republicans. One, however, was not confirmed because they died while their nomination was pending.
Of the 15 federal district judgeship vacancies in question, three eventually were filled with different Carter nominees and 12 were filled by nominees of President Ronald Reagan. Of Carter's 16 failed district court nominees, four, I. Leo Glasser, John E. Sprizzo, James Parker Jones and Ralph Wilson Nimmons, Jr., subsequently were nominated by Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush or Bill Clinton to federal district judgeships. Also, another of the 16, Walter Meheula Heen, was given a recess appointment to their district judgeship by Carter and as a result served as a federal judge for close to a year into the presidency of Reagan, who chose not to renominate and seek a full Senate vote on Heen.
The failed Carter district court nominees:
United States District Court for the District of Maine
David G. Roberts (nominated August 26, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee Conrad K. Cyr)
United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico
Miguel A. Gimenez-Munoz (nominated July 31, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee Jaime Pieras, Jr.)
United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York
Philip Weinberg (nominated September 17, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee (and failed Carter nominee) I. Leo Glasser)
I. Leo Glasser (nominated September 17, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee Joseph M. McLaughlin; Glasser later was appointed by Reagan to a different seat on the Eastern District of New York)
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
John E. Sprizzo (nominated June 2, 1980; judgeship later filled by Sprizzo himself, after President Reagan renominated them the following year)
United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania
Leonardo "Len" Paletta (nominated April 7, 1978; died while nomination was pending; judgeship later filled by Carter appointee Alan Neil Bloch)
United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina
Charles B. Winberry (nominated March 29, 1979, and withdrawn August 26, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee James Carroll Fox)
S. Gerald Arnold (nominated August 26, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee James Carroll Fox)
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia
James Edward Sheffield (nominated April 9, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee James C. Cacheris)
United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia
James Parker Jones (nominated on May 16, 1979; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee Jackson L. Kiser; Jones later was nominated and confirmed to a different seat on the Western District of Virginia by President Clinton)
United States District Court for the Western District of Texas
Peter M. Lowry (nominated August 26, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee James Robertson Nowlin
United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio
Gerald B. Lackey (nominated August 26, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee Alvin I. Krenzler)
United States District Court for the District of Hawaii
Walter Meheula Heen (nominated February 29, 1980, and renominated January 8, 1981; in the interim, Carter gave Heen a recess appointment to the District of Hawaii, and Heen served as a judge for close to one year of Reagan's presidency; the Senate never acted on Carter's nominations of Heen and Reagan never renominated them to the District of Hawaii; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee Harold Michael Fong)
United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama
Fred Gray (nominated January 10, 1980; nomination withdrawn September 17, 1980; judgeship later filled by Carter appointee Myron Herbert Thompson)
United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida
Ralph Wilson Nimmons, Jr. (nominated on September 17, 1980; judgeship later filled by Reagan appointee John H. Moore II; Nimmons later was nominated and confirmed to a different seat on the Middle District of Florida by President George H. W. Bush)
United States District Court for the District of Columbia
Carin Clauss (nominated on September 19, 1978; judgeship later filled by Carter appointee Joyce Hens Green)
See also
United States federal judge
Judicial appointment history for the United States federal courts
Deaths of the United States federal judges in active service
References
Carter, Jimmy
judicial appointment controversies
Judicial appointments
Christian Ringnes (born 3 March 1954) is a Norwegian business person and art collector whose family founded Norway's now largest brewery Ringnes in 1876. In their hometown of Oslo, Ringnes owns restaurants, hotels and museums, and recently donated more than $70 million for the creation of a large sculpture and cultural park, which opened in 2013. The Wall Street Journal ranks it as one of the top five parks in the world. Over decades Ringnes has built one of the largest private collections of art in the world.
Ringnes holds an MBA from the University of Lausanne in Switzerland and an MBA from Harvard Business School in the United States. They have been an active real estate investor since 1984, and is currently the largest shareholder and CEO of real estate companies Eiendomsspar and Victoria Eiendom.
In 2001 they bought the dilapidated Ekeberg Restaurant in Oslo, not far from the place where Edvard Munch painted The Scream. They renovated it and opened the restaurant in 2005. They have also given Oslo the sculptures Peacock Fountain at the National Theatre station and Kate Moss at the Opera Passage. The Marketing Association in Oslo appointed Ringnes to "Oslo Ambassador " for their efforts to promote Oslo as a city and destination. In 2005 they were awarded the honorary award "City Patriot " by Oslo. In 2013 they were voted "citizen of the year " by the readers of Norway's largest media outlet Aftenposten.
At the age of seven, Ringnes developed a hobby after they received an unusual gift from their father: a half-empty Gordon's Gin miniature liquor bottle. It was this afterthought of a gift that led them on a path towards amassing what is recognized today as the largest mini-bottle collection in the world with over 52,000 miniature liquor bottles commissioned to a three-story museum in Oslo.
See also
Oslo Astrological Clock
References
1954 births
Norwegian chief executives
Living people
Harvard Business School alumni
Norwegian businesspeople in real estate
was the 113th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. Higashiyama's reign spanned the years from 1687 through to their abdication in 1709 corresponding to the Genroku era. The previous hundred years of peace and seclusion in Japan had created relative economic stability. The arts and theater and architecture flourished.
Events of Higashiyama's life
Early life
Before Higashiyama's ascension to the Chrysanthemum Throne, their personal name (imina) was or Tomohito. Tomohito was born on October 21, 1675 and was the fifth son of Emperor Reigen; their birth mother was a lady-in-waiting named Matsuki Muneko. While Prince Tomohito was the son of a secondary consort, they were adopted by empress Takatsukasa Fusako (chief consort or Chūgū). Tomohito's Imperial family lived with them in the Dairi of the Heian Palace. Events that took place before Tomohito became Crown Prince include a great flood that devastated Edo, a great famine that devastated Kyoto, and the Great Tenna Fire in Edo. The Shingon Buddhist temple Gokoku-ji was also founded in Edo where it remains today as one of the few sites in Tokyo that survived World War II. Tomohito-shinnō was proclaimed Crown prince in 1682, and given the pre-accession title of Go-no-miya (五宮). For the first time in over 300 years a ceremonial investiture was held for the occasion. A fire burned the Kyoto Imperial Palace to ashes in 1684 prompting reconstruction that took a year to complete. The effects from this fire on the Imperial family, if any, are unknown. Emperor Reigen's brother, former-Emperor Go-Sai, died on March 26, 1685 and a great comet was observed crossing the night sky.
Reign
Prince Tomohito acceded to the throne on May 2, 1687 as Emperor when their father abdicated in their favor, the era's name was changed from Jōkyō to Genroku to mark this event. While they held the political title of Emperor, it was in name only as the shoguns of the Tokugawa family controlled Japan. Initially, Emperor Reigen continued to rule in Higashiyama's name as a Cloistered Emperor as had been done in the Heian period. While this move caused trouble by provoking the ruling shogunate, Higashiyama's gentle character helped to improve relations with the Shōgun. This warmed relationship caused imperial property to be increased, and repairs carried out on Imperial mausoleums. Reigen meanwhile lived out their retirement in the Sentō-gosho (the palace for an ex-Emperor), and is now known for being the last "Cloistered Emperor" of Japan. On December 20, 1688 the esoteric Daijō-sai ceremony was revived because of the shogunate's insistence. This Shinto ritual had been in abeyance for over a century, and is performed only once by the emperor in the period of the enthronement ceremonies.
1688 (Genroku gannen): The Tokugawa shogunate revised the code of conduct for funerals (Fuku-kiju-ryō), which incorporated a code of conduct for mourning as well.
September 16, 1689 (Genroku 2): German physician Engelbert Kaempfer arrives at Dejima for the first time. Bakufu policy in this era was designed to marginalize the influence of foreigners; and Kaempfer had to present themselves as "Dutch" in dealings with the Japanese. Regardless of this minor subterfuge, an unintended and opposite consequence of sakoku was to enhance the value and significance of a very small number of thoughtful observers like Kaempfer, whose writings document what they learned or discovered first-hand. Kaempfer's published accounts and unpublished writings provided a unique and useful perspective for Orientalists and Japanologists in the 19th century; and their work continues to be rigorously examined by modern researchers today.
1695 (Genroku 8, 8th month): Minting begun of Genroku coinage. The shogunate placed the Japanese character gen (元) on the obverse of copper coins, the same character used today in China for the yuan. There is no connection between those uses, however.
1695 (Genroku 8, 11th month): First kennel is established for stray dogs in Edo. In this context, Tokugawa Tsunayoshi comes to be nicknamed the .
1697 (Genroku 10): The fourth official map of Japan was made in this year, but it was considered to be inferior to the previous one—which had been ordered in 1605 (Shōhō 1) and completed in 1639 (Kan'ei 16). This Genroku map was corrected in 1719 (Kyōhō 4) by the mathematician Tatebe Katahiro (1644–1739), using high mountain peaks as points of reference, and was drawn to a scale of 1:21,600.
1697 (Genroku 10): Great fire in Edo.
1697 (Genroku 11): Another great fire in Edo. A new hall is constructed inside the enclosure of the Edo temple of Kan'ei-ji (which is also known as Tōeizan Kan'ei-ji or "Hiei-san of the east" after the principal temple of the Tendai Buddhist sect—that is to say, after the temple of Enryaku-ji at Mount Hiei near to Heian-kyō).
1703 (Genroku 15, 14th day of the 12th month): when the Akō Incident took place, in which a band of Forty-seven rōnin (leaderless samurai) avenged the death of their master Asano Naganori, due to the bloodshed, Emperor Higashiyama nearly withdrew the imperial will.
1703 (Genroku 16, 5th month): First performance of Chikamatsu Monzaemon's play The Love Suicides at Sonezaki.
1703 (Genroku 16, 28th day of the 11th month): The Great Genroku earthquake shook Edo and parts of the shōguns castle collapsed. The following day, a vast fire spread throughout the city. Parts of Honshū's coast were battered by tsunami, and 200,000 people were either killed or injured.
October 28, 1707 (Hōei 4, 14th day of the 10th month): 1707 Hōei earthquake. The city of Osaka suffers tremendously because of a very violent earthquake.
November 15, 1707 (Hōei 4, 22nd day of the 10th month): An eruption of Mount Fuji; cinders and ash fell like rain in Izu, Kai, Sagami, and Musashi.
1708 (Hōei 5): The shogunate introduces new copper coins into circulation; and each coin is marked with the Hōei nengō name (Hōei Tsubo).
1708 (Hōei 5, 8th day of the 3rd month): There was a great fire in Heian-kyō.
1708 (Hōei 5, 8th month): Italian missionary Giovanni Sidotti landed in Yakushima, where they were promptly arrested.
1709 (Hōei 6): Shōgun Tsunayoshi appoints commission to repair and restore Imperial mausoleums.
1709 (Hōei 6, 4th month): Tokugawa Ienobu, Tsunayoshi's nephew, becomes the 6th shōgun of the Edo bakufu. and Emperor Nakamikado accedes to the throne.
July 27, 1709 (Hōei 6, 21st day of the 6th month): Emperor Higashiyama abdicated and the throne passed to their son.
January 16, 1710 (Hōei 6, 17th day of the 12th month): Higashiyama died.
Higashiyama is among those enshrined in the Imperial mausoleum, Tsuki no wa no misasagi, at Sennyū-ji in Higashiyama-ku, Kyoto. Also enshrined in this location are this emperor's immediate Imperial predecessors since Emperor Go-Mizunoo – Meishō, Go-Kōmyō, Go-Sai and Reigen. Higashiyama's immediate Imperial successors, including Nakamikado, Sakuramachi, Momozono, Go-Sakuramachi and Go-Momozono, are enshrined here as well.
Eras of reign
The years of Higashiyama's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name or nengō.
Jōkyō (1684–1688)
Genroku (1688–1704)
Hōei (1704–1711)
Genealogy
Higashiyama's family included at least 11 children.
Spouse
Concubines
Issue
Fictional portrayals
Higashiyama appears under the name of Tomohito in the novel The Samurai's Wife by author Laura Joh Rowland. In the novel, detective Sano Ichiro is sent to investigate the murder of an important official in the Imperial Court. Tomohito is labelled as a suspect, and is portrayed as a childish oaf at the start of the novel.  They are later revealed to be the instigator behind a coming revolution against the Tokugawa regime, so they can seize control of Japan himself. However, their plan fails, and they are once again placed in the Imperial Palace, where they seem to have accepted their fate to never leave the palace.
Ancestry
See also
Emperor of Japan
List of Emperors of Japan
Imperial cult
References
Further reading
Hammer, Joshua. (2006). Yokohama Burning: the Deadly 1923 Earthquake and Fire that Helped Forge the Path to World War II. New York: Simon & Schuster. ;
Meyer, Eva-Maria. (1999). Japans Kaiserhof in der Edo-Zeit: unter besonderer Berücksichtigung der Jahre 1846 bis 1867. Münster: LIT Verlag. ;
Ponsonby-Fane, Richard Arthur Brabazon. (1956). Kyoto: The Old Capital of Japan, 794–1869. Kyoto: Ponsonby Memorial Society.
__. (1959). The Imperial House of Japan. Kyoto: Ponsonby Memorial Society.
Screech, Timon. (2006). Secret Memoirs of the Shoguns: Isaac Titsingh and Japan, 1779–1822. London: RoutledgeCurzon. ;
Smith, Robert and Richard K. Beardsley. (2004). Japanese Culture: Its Development And Characteristics. Chicago, Aldine Publishing.
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Nihon Ōdai Ichiran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland.
Traganeou, Jilly. (2004). The Tokaido Road: Traveling and Representation in Edo and Meiji Japan. New York: RoutledgeCurzon. ;
Varley, H. Paul. (1980). Jinnō Shōtōki: A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns. New York: Columbia University Press. ;
Japanese emperors
1675 births
1710 deaths
Emperor Higashiyama
Emperor Higashiyama
Emperor Higashiyama
Emperor Higashiyama
Deaths from smallpox
Infectious disease deaths in Japan
17th-century Japanese monarchs
18th-century Japanese monarchs
Japanese retired emperors
Philip Ross Bullock is a British academic.  They are a Professor of Russian Literature and Music at the University of Oxford, a fellow of Wadham College, Oxford, and the academic director of The Oxford Research Centre in the Humanities (TORCH).  They are the recipient of the 2009 Philip Leverhulme Prize for Modern Languages, and the author or editor of several books.
Early life
Philip Ross Bullock graduated from Durham University, where they earned a bachelor's degree. They subsequently earned a PhD from Wadham College, Oxford, where they wrote their thesis on Russian writer Andrei Platonov.
Career
Bullock previously taught at the University of Wales, Bangor and University College, London (UCL).  They are a Professor of Russian Literature and Music at the University of Oxford.  They are also a fellow of Wadham College, and a lecturer at Christ Church, Magdalen College and Worcester College.  They are the recipient of the 2009 Philip Leverhulme Prize for Modern Languages, and the author or editor of several books. Since October 2017, they have been the academic director of The Oxford Research Centre in the Humanities (TORCH).
Their first book, The Feminine in the Prose of Andrey Platonov, is a feminist critique of Andrey Platonov's works, based on Bullock's PhD thesis. Reviewing it for the Slavic Review, professor Thomas Seifrid of the University of Southern California "offers a far more extensive and synthetic account" of Platonov's works than previous scholars. In the Modern Language Review, professor Anat Vernitki of the University of Essex praised the book's focus on gender, but added that "spiritualist and religious" aspects could have been analyzed too. In The Slavonic and East European Review, Michael Purglove called it an "interesting and unusual book", and they praised the feminist analysis. In a review for The Russian Review, professor Eric Naiman of the University of California, Berkeley called it an "insightful and well-written contribution to Platonov scholarship", an "indispensable book on Platonov" and "a compelling study in the value of and limits of methodology, as well as the story of a critic instructively fitting an interpretive apparatus to an original aesthetic worldview...and then letting go."
Their second book, Rosa Newmarch and Russian Music in Late Nineteenth and Early Twentieth Century England, is about the role that British music critic Rosa Newmarch played in promoting Russian music in England. In a review for The Russian Review, professor Ellon D. Carpenter of Arizona State University praised the book by concluding, "Mrs. Newmarch was well overdue for a book of their own; Mr. Bullock is to be congratulated for having supplied it." In a review for The Slavic and East European Journal, professor Brad Michael Damaré of the University of Southern California called it, "a very well-researched, well-argued monograph about a writer whose work on Russian music deserves exactly this kind of reassessment."
Bullock subsequently edited three books, the first of which, The Correspondence of Jean Sibelius and Rosa Newmarch, 1906–1939, is an edited volume of letters as well as "telegrams and postcards" between Newmarch and Finnish composer Jean Sibelius. In a review for Notes, Ryan Ross, an assistant professor at Mississippi State University, described it as "a collection that teaches us much about Sibelius, but at least as much about Rosa Newmarch." The second book was Loyalties, Solidarities and Identities in Russian Society, History and Culture. The third book, Russia in Britain 1880–1940: From Melodrama to Modernism, is "a collection of 13 articles" derived from an academic conference at Senate House.
Bullock's seventh book, Pyotr Tchakovsky, is a biography of the Russian composer Tchaikovsky. In a review for the Journal of European Studies, professor Marina Frolova-Walker of the University of Cambridge commends Bullock for separating the artistic self from the personal, especially with regards to Tchaikovsky's homosexuality, which did not necessarily inform their music. They highlighted that Bullock's "lucid and factually reliable account of both Tchaikovsky's personal and artistic lives is written with style and elegance", and that it "contains a wealth of historical and musical detail."
Selected works
References
Living people
Alumni of Durham University
Fellows of Wadham College, Oxford
English literary critics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tchaikovsky scholars
Köprücük, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
John Scrimgeour Lechte (17 January 1921 – 1 July 2002) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Hawthorn to market gardener John Lavidge Lechte and Caroline Reid Scrimgeour. They attended state schools and followed their father to become a market gardener. During World War II they served with the 1st Australian Armoured Division and with the 9th Division in Borneo before their attachment to US intelligence in Manila. On 20 May 1944 they married Muriel Kathryn Love, with whom they had three sons. In 1947 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Oakleigh, but they were expelled from the party in February 1950 after criticising Thomas Hollway's government. Defeated as an independent in 1950, they joined the Australian Labor Party in 1956, but was expelled in 1970. During the 1970s they were the editor of the Southern Peninsula Gazette. Lechte died in Castlemaine in 2002.
References
1921 births
2002 deaths
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Independent members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
20th-century Australian politicians
Australian military personnel of World War II
Australian expatriates in the Philippines
Rezvan (, also Romanized as Reẕvān) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Sirjan County
David Benjamin Levy is a musicologist.
 They are a music professor at Wake Forest University.  They are a visiting professor of musicology at the Eastman School of Music.  They are especially distinguished as a Beethoven scholar, but they also deal generally with the classical and romantic periods.
Bibliography
References
External links
Book page with biography
American musicologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Wake Forest University faculty
Schieder is a German surname which may refer to:
Andreas Schieder (born 1969), Austrian politician
Illo Schieder, German musician and Eurovision contestant
Marianne Schieder (born 1962), German politician
Stefaan Schieder, German film producer
Schieder-Schwalenberg, a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
Altan is the second (studio) album by Frankie Kennedy and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh (future founders of the Irish band Altan), originally released in 1987 by Green Linnet Records. The musicians appearing on this album are substantially those that became the early incarnation of the band Altan. The band later (retroactively) called Altan their debut album.
Track listing
"The Highlandman/The Cliffs of Glencolumbkille/Old Cuffe Street" – 3:12
"An tSeanchailleach Gallda/Dermot Byrne's" – 3:04
"Tá Mo Cleamhnas a Dhéanamh" – 5:15
"The Cat That Ate The Candle/Over the Water to Bessie" – 3:10
"Ceol A'Phíobaire" – 3:50
"Tommy Peoples'/Loch Altan/Danny Meehan's" – 3:28
"Rogha an Ghabha/Charlie O'Donnell's" – 2:40
"The Sunset" – 3:38
"Thug Mé Rúide" – 4:25
"Humours of Whiskey/The Fairy Jig/Humours of Whiskey" – 3:18
"Jimmy Lyons'/Leslie's Reel" – 2:21
"Cití na gCumann" – 3:57
"Con Cassidy's Highland/Neilly O'Boyle's Highland & Reel" – 3:05
Credits
Tracks 1,2,5,6,7,9,11,12,13 arranged by Kennedy, Ní Mhaonaigh, Kelly, Curran.
Tracks 3,4,8,10 arranged by Kennedy, Ní Mhaonaigh, Kelly, Curran, Lunny.
All tracks are traditionals, except the following:
"The Sunset" – composed by Cathal McConnell and Seamus Quinn.
"Loch Altan" – composed by Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh.
Personnel
Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh – Fiddle, Vocals
Frankie Kennedy – Flute
Ciarán Curran – Bouzouki
Mark Kelly – Guitar
Dónal Lunny – Bodhrán, Keyboards
Anna Ní Mhaonaigh – Vocals on "Ceol a'Phíobaire"
Production
Dónal Lunny – Producer, Engineer
Lolly Kupec – Design
References
Altan (band) albums
Frankie Kennedy albums
Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh albums
1987 albums
Joseph David Randle (born December 29, 1991) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys. They were drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the fifth round of the 2013 NFL Draft. They played college football at Oklahoma State University.
Early years
Randle attended Wichita Southeast High School in Wichita, Kansas, where they played football and ran track. As a junior, they were an All-metro and All-league performer. As a senior, they rushed for 1,200 yards and 12 touchdowns, receiving first-team All-state on defense, second-team All-state on offense and All-league honors. In their high school career they rushed for over 3,600 yards.
Also a standout track & field athlete, Randle participated in the sprinting events and was a state qualifier in the long jump and triple jump. At the 2009 Jock's Nitch/PSU Gorilla Relays, they ran the 400-meter dash in a PR 57.02 seconds on their way to an 11th-place finish. They recorded a career-best leap of 6.65 meters in the long jump at the 2010 North East Track Classic, where they took silver. They also earned a second-place finish in the triple jump at the 2010 KSHSAA 6A Regional, with a leap of 13.55 meters.
Considered a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, Randle was rated as the 25th best running back in the nation. They accepted a scholarship to Oklahoma State.
College career
Randle accepted a football scholarship from Oklahoma State University. As a first-year student in 2010, they were a backup behind Kendall Hunter, making 82 carries for 452 yards, 2 rushing touchdowns, 37 receptions (fourth on the team) for 427 yards (fourth on the team) and one receiving touchdown.
As a sophomore in 2011, they were named the regular starter at running back, they had 208 carries for 1,216 yards, 24 rushing touchdowns, 43 receptions (fourth on the team) for 266 yards, 2 receiving touchdowns and was named All-Big 12. The 24 rushing touchdowns were second most in school history, behind College Football Hall of Famer Barry Sanders who had 37 in 1989. They rushed for 152 yards and 4 touchdowns against Baylor University.
As a junior in 2012, they were the Big-12 Conference's leading rusher with 1,417 yards, scored 14 touchdowns and earned first-team All-conference honors. They declared for the NFL Draft after the season.
Career Statistics
Professional career
Randle was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the fifth round (151st overall) of the 2013 NFL Draft. They served as the backup running back for Pro Bowler DeMarco Murray and had a chance to start two games when Murray was injured. They finished their rookie season with 164 rushing yards and two touchdowns.
The next year, they were named the backup to Murray over Lance Dunbar. They finished the 2014 season with 51 carries, 343 yards and 3 touchdowns. Their 6.7-yard rushing average would have ranked first in the league among running backs and second to the 7.1-yard average posted by quarterback Russell Wilson, but their 51 rushing attempts were not enough to qualify.
In 2015, they were named the starter after Murray left in free agency. They started the first 6 games, until suffering a strained oblique and being substituted against the New York Giants by Darren McFadden, who ran for 152 yards on 29 carries. On October 28, they were demoted to a reserve role and left the team's facility after learning the news and also being faced with a possible suspension by the league. On November 3, they were waived with the Cowboys mentioning that the main reason was to deal with an unspecified personal issue. On November 10, they were officially suspended 4 games for violating the NFL's personal conduct policy. They led the team with four rushing touchdowns for the season, even though they only played in 6 games.
Legal trouble
On October 13, 2014, Randle was arrested at Dillard's department store in Frisco, Texas and later released on bond for Class B Theft of men's underwear and cologne valued between $50-$500. In July 2015, it was announced that Randle was put on 180 days of deferred adjudication probation, and that the theft charge could be set aside upon successful completion of probation.
On February 4, 2015, Randle was arrested in Kansas around 3:00 a.m. by Wichita Police for unlawful possession of marijuana. Officers showed up to the hotel where Randle was renting a room after receiving a report of domestic violence with a weapon. Police found Randle and a 22-year-old woman at the hotel and observed marijuana in the room. Randle was issued a notice to appear in front of a judge, but was not booked nor was a mug shot taken. In April 2015, the Wichita District Attorney's office announced that Randle would not face any charges, citing a lack of evidence.
On November 24, 2015, Randle was arrested at Kansas Star Casino in Mulvane, Kansas. Randle was allegedly drunk and had been asked to leave. While being escorted out, Randle spat on the floor and assaulted the casino security guards. Their bond was set at $25,000.
On February 1, 2016, Randle was arrested at a home in Irving, Texas for an outstanding warrant for speeding. Bail was set at $359. This arrest took place approximately one week after Randle had been in court for their previous November 2015 arrest.
On February 21, 2016, Randle was arrested in Wichita, Kansas for aggravated battery, possession of drugs and criminal damage to property. During their first court appearance, Randle said that they could not afford a lawyer or bail and requested their bail to lowered to $5,000 from the current $100,000 so they could be released and continue working out to sign with another team. The judge denied their request. Randle was ordered to be held at the Sedgwick County jail in Wichita on four counts of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, criminal destruction of property, and possession of hallucinogenics/marijuana. Randle was released on bond on March 3, 2016; however, their bond was rescinded three days later due to a failure to appear in court. Randle was then held on $150,000 bond for failure to appear and interference with law enforcement.
On February 9, 2017, Randle was arrested on charges of aggravated battery and disorderly conduct stemming from an altercation in a Kansas jail.
On April 22, 2017, Randle was convicted by a jury of aggravated battery, aggravated burglary, criminal threat and possession of marijuana. The jury also acquitted them of one count of aggravated battery. The jury was also hung on two other counts of aggravated battery and one count of criminal damage to property. Prosecutors will decide the following week if they want to retry Randle for the counts the jury was hung on.
On September 7, 2018, Randle was arrested on a suspicion of rape charge in their hometown of Wichita.
Personal life
Their older brother, John, was a running back for the University of Kansas and Southern Illinois University.
References
External links
Oklahoma State Cowboys bio
1991 births
Living people
Players of American football from Wichita, Kansas
American football running backs
Oklahoma State Cowboys football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Wichita Southeast High School alumni
The 12th Planet is a book by Zecharia Sitchin.
Twelfth planet may also refer to:
12th Planet (musician), an American dubstep producer and DJ.
See also
IAU definition of planet
Felbamate (marketed under the brand name Felbatol by MedPointe) is an anticonvulsant used in the treatment of epilepsy. It is used to treat partial seizures (with and without generalization) in adults and partial and generalized seizures associated with Lennox–Gastaut syndrome in children. However, an increased risk of potentially fatal aplastic anemia and/or liver failure limit the drug's usage to severe refractory epilepsy.
Mechanism of action
Felbamate has been proposed to have a unique dual mechanism of action as a positive modulator of GABAA receptors and as a blocker of NMDA receptors, particularly isoforms containing the NR2B subunit. Although it is clear that felbamate does cause pharmacological inhibition of NMDA receptors, the relevance of NMDA receptor blockade as a strategy for the treatment of human epilepsy has been questioned. Therefore, the importance of the effects of felbamate on NMDA receptors to its therapeutic action in epilepsy is uncertain.
Approval history
United States
August 1993. Felbamate was approved for partial seizures with and without secondary generalization in adults and for Lennox–Gastaut Syndrome, a serious form of childhood epilepsy. Over the following year 150,000 people were started on felbamate therapy and a third of these became established.
August 1, 1994. It was urgently withdrawn after 10 cases of aplastic anemia. A "Dear Doctor" letter was sent to 240,000 physicians.
September 27, 1994. Felbamate had a limited redemption in another "Dear Doctor" letter sent to 260,000 physicians. It was recommended that the drug remain available only for patients with severe epilepsy for whom the benefits outweigh the risks, and that changes be made to the product's labelling to reflect the newly recognized risk. This redemption came with an additional warning since there had been 10 cases acute liver failure (4 of which were fatal). At this point, 10,000 to 12,000 people remained on the drug.
United Kingdom
The drug is only available on a limited named-patient basis.
Indications and usage
Adults: Monotherapy or adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures, with and without generalization.
Children: Adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial and generalized seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
Dosing
Felbamate is available in tablets (400 mg and 600 mg) and as a peach-coloured oral suspension (600 mg/5 mL).
Adults (≥ 14 years): begin with 1,200 mg daily given every 6 to 8 hours
Children (2–14 years): 15 to 45 mg per kg per day given every 6 to 8 hours
Side effects
Adverse reactions include decreased appetite, vomiting, insomnia, nausea, dizziness, somnolence, and headache. Many patients report increased alertness with the drug.
Two rare but very serious effects include aplastic anemia and serious liver damage. The risk of aplastic anemia is between 1:3,600 and 1:5,000, of which 30% of cases are fatal. The risk of liver damage is between 1:24,000 to 1:34,000, of which 40% of cases are fatal.
Drug interactions
Felbamate is an inhibitor of CYP2C19 - an enzyme involved in the metabolism of several commonly used medications. Felbamate interacts with several other AEDs, including phenytoin, valproate, and carbamazepine; dosage adjustments may be necessary to avoid adverse effects. Concomitant administration of felbamate and carbamazepine decreases blood levels of both drugs, while increasing the level of carbamazepine-10,11 epoxides, the active metabolite of carbamazepine.
History
Felbamate was discovered by Frank Berger at Wallace Laboratories.
References
External links
Felbatol: Prescribing Information
RxList: Felbamate contains extensive information including the patient warning and a sample consent form.
Hard Choices with Felbamate
Newer Antiepileptic Drugs: Gabapentin, Lamotrigine, Felbamate, Topiramate and Fosphenytoin
MedPonte Pharmaceuticals
Anticonvulsants
Carbamates
GABAA receptor positive allosteric modulators
NMDA receptor antagonists
Czech inventions
Bhaini Doaba is a village located in the Ludhiana East tehsil, of Ludhiana district, Punjab.
Administration
The village is administrated by a Sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per constitution of India and Panchayati raj (India).
Child Sex Ratio details
The village population of children with an age group from 0-6 is 57 which makes up 8.72% of total population of village. Average Sex Ratio is 946 per 1000 males which is higher than the state average of 895. The child Sex Ratio as per census is 1192, higher than average of 846 in the state of Punjab.
Cast
The village constitutes 22.48% of Schedule Caste and the village doesn't have any Schedule Tribe population.
Villages in Ludhiana East Tehsil
External links
Villages in Ludhiana East Tehsil
References
Villages in Ludhiana East tehsil
is a 2015 Japanese film directed by Takahiro Miki and based on the manga by Taishi Mori which is itself based on the novel by Eiichi Nakata. It was released on February 28, 2015.
Plot
Yuri Kashiwagi, a beautiful and talented pianist suddenly returns to their hometown in Goto Islands. They relieve their friend Haruko, who is on maternity leave, as the advisor for the school chorus. The choir aims to take part in NCon, a choir contest organised by Japanese national broadcaster NHK. However, their arrival attracts many male members to the choir. This creates friction within the previously all-female choir.
Cast
Yui Aragaki as Yuri Kashiwagi
Fumino Kimura as Haruko Matsuyama
Kenta Kiritani as Tetsuo Tsukamoto
Hikari Ishida
Tae Kimura
Hisashi Igawa
Yuri Tsunematsu
Shota Shimoda
Wakana Aoi
Kyoka Shibata
Mayu Yamaguchi
Hayato Sano
Hibiki Muroi
References
External links
2010s Japanese films
2015 films
Live-action films based on manga
Films based on Japanese novels
Films directed by Takahiro Miki
Japanese films
Films based on adaptations
Cetariu () is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 2,165 people. It is composed of four villages: Cetariu, Șișterea (Siter), Șușturogi (Sitervölgy) and Tăutelec (Hegyköztóttelek). It also included three other villages until 2003, when they were split off to form Paleu Commune.
References
Communes in Bihor County
Localities in Crișana
Phaq'u Q'awa is a mountain in the Cordillera Occidental in the Andes of Bolivia, about high. It is situated in the Oruro Department, Sajama Province, in the west of the Curahuara de Carangas Municipality, northwest of the extinct Sajama volcano. It lies south of Qullqi Warani.
The river Junt'uma K'uchu (Aymara warm, hot, water, corner, "warm water corner", Junthuma Khuchu) originates north of Phaq'u Q'awa. It flows to the southeast as a right affluent of the Sajama River.
Name
Phaq'u Q'awa derives from Aymara language terms , , or meaning the color light brown, reddish, fair-haired, or dark chestnut, and meaning little river, ditch, crevice, fissure, or gap in the earth, the name thus meaning "brown brook" or "brown ravine". The Hispanicized spelling is Pacocahua or Pajojañua.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Bogandilla is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Bogandilla had a population of 28 people.
History
Bogandilla Provisional School opened circa July 1918 as a half-time school (a teacher shared their time between 2 schools) with Noonga Provisional School, but became a full-time provisional school in 1919. Although Noonga is not an official place name as at 2019, there is a Noonga Creek in neighbouring Jackson North which is likely to be the location of the other school. It was closed in 1927 due to low student numbers.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Impossibility Challenger is an event in which amateurs and professionals meet, and try to excel, with records and world records set up. The event takes place in different locations each year, mostly in Europe, and is organized by the Sri Chinmoy Centers.
History
The event was created in 1982 by Sri Chinmoy. The first events were held in Zurich, Switzerland from 1982 to 1991. From 2002 to 2010 it took place close to Munich, later two times in New Zealand and one time in Hungary. In 2014, it was in Leiria, Portugal and in November 2015 and 2016 it was held in Berlin, Germany, 2017 in the Czech Republic, 2018 in Leiria, Portugal and the next holding is planned in the Netherlands in November 2019. In 2020, the event was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Extract of world records
2002 Agim Agushi (Kosovo) is heading a football continuously for 15 km in 3:12:29 hours
2005 Shamita Achenbach-König sets a world record by playing Cello for 24 hours (she played over 4,000 pieces)
2006 Vaibhava Jewgenij Kuschnow (Austria) sets a world record by holding a headstand on a driving car for 21:20 min
2006 Milan Roskopf (Slovakia) juggles three 10 kg shots for 15.8 seconds
2008 Ashrita Furman (US) sets a world record by run the fastest mile on stilts in 7:13 min
2008 Rainer Schröder (Germany) pulled a small truck of 7t for 28.15 meters in 1 minute with their teeth
2008 Ralf Laue (Germany) blew a regular golf ball over a distance of 3.284 meters with one breath
2009 Ramón Campayo (Spain) correctly memorized a 34-digit binary number in only 0.5 seconds
2010 Ranjit Pal (India) 255 rope skips in one minute
2010 Anavi Jenniver Davies (Canada) sets a world record by whistling 24 hours
2014 Charuhasi Eckhard Schröder (Germany) recited 3148 poems by heart in a period of 34 hours
2014 Albert Walter tore a Phonebook with 1551 pages in 9.38 seconds
2015 Belachew Girma (Ethiopia) set a world record laughing non-stop for 3 hours, 35 min and 30 seconds
2015 Samalya Arthur Schäfer (Germany) runs the fastest mile in swim fins in 5 minutes, 33 seconds
2015 Karteek Clark (Scotland) told the most jokes in an hour: 587
2016 Abhinabha Tangermann (Netherlands) did the most one-hand-claps with one hand in a minute: 427
2016 Radek Rosa (Czech Republic) pulled a tractor with a weight of 10'075.8 tons for 20 meters in 2.025 minutes
References
External links
ImpossibilityChallenger.com, Official Site
Video: 2009
Recurring sporting events established in 1982
Sports events founded by Sri Chinmoy
Sports festivals
Mucilaginibacter gossypiicola is a Gram-negative, non-motile and plant-growth-promoting bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from rhizosphere soil from cotton plants.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter gossypiicola at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2010
CRDL may refer to:
Canberra Roller Derby League, a Canberra-based roller derby league
Team CRDL, a group of characters from RWBY
Civil Rights Digital Library, an initiative to promote understanding of racial equality (see Digital Library of Georgia)
Battle of Leuven may refer to:
Battle of Leuven (891)
Battle of Leuven (1831)
Marc Rocco (June 19, 1962 – May 1, 2009) was an American film director, film producer and screenwriter.
Rocco was born Marc Daniel King in North Hollywood, Los Angeles, to Harvey King and Sandra Elaine Garrett (1942–2002). Garrett married actor Alex Rocco in 1964, who adopted Marc. They directed several films, including Dream a Little Dream, Where the Day Takes You and Murder in the First.
Death
On May 1, 2009, Rocco died in their sleep at their home in North Hills, Los Angeles, California, aged 46, widowing their wife Lisa.
Filmography
Scenes from the Goldmine (1987)
Dream a Little Dream (1989)
Where the Day Takes You (1992)
Teresa's Tattoo (1994) (producer only)
Murder in the First (1995)
The Jacket (2005) (producer only)
References
External links
1962 births
2009 deaths
American adoptees
American film directors
American film producers
American male screenwriters
Place of birth missing
People from North Hollywood, Los Angeles
People from North Hills, Los Angeles
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Pitt v PHH Asset Management Ltd [1994] 1 WLR 327 is an English contract law case, which confirmed the enforceability of lockout agreements.
Facts
In Parsonage Lane, Chelsworth, Suffolk, is a residence known as "The Cottage". PHH Asset Management Ltd were undisclosed agents of mortgagees, who were selling The Cottage for £205,000. Mr Pitt and Miss Buckle put in competing bids. Mr Pitt bid £200,000, which PHH accepted 'subject to contract'. Miss Buckle then increased their bid to £210,000. PHH withdrew its acceptance of Mr Pitt.
Mr Pitt threatened to sue for an injunction, to compel transfer of the cottage to them (it was noted in the Court of Appeal that this probably would have not succeeded, and just caused nuisance). So PHH agreed to sell to them and said they would consider no further offers. This is known as a "lock out agreement". But then, PHH sold to Miss Buckle anyway. Mr Pitt sued. PHH argued in its defence, there was no consideration to not consider further offers (for the lock out agreement), because Mr Pitt had only promised to be ready, willing and able to proceed with exchange of contracts, and they were already obliged to do that.
Judgment
Peter Gibson LJ held there was consideration. First, Mr Pitt had agreed to not apply for an injunction. Even though the claim may not have worked, PHH was freed from the 'nuisance value' of defending the claim. Second they had agreed not to make nuisance with Miss Buckle. Third, the promise to proceed within two weeks was consideration. Mann LJ agreed and Sir Thomas Bingham MR gave the following judgment.
See also
Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989 s 2
Notes
References
Ewan McKendrick, Contract Law (7th edn Palgrave 2007) 91, says that being freed from the nuisance as being "good consideration" does not sit easily with White v Bluett.
English agreement case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1993 in case law
1993 in British law
John Freckleton Burrowes (23 April 1787 – 31 March 1852) was an English organist and composer.
Biography
They were born in London. Their teacher was William Horsley. Their first published work was a set of six English ballads; in 1812 they published an overture (Op.8) which had been performed at the Vocal Concerts at Hanover Square. This was followed in 1817 by a similar work (Op.13) produced by the Philharmonic Society, of which Burrowes was one of the original members. In 1818 the first edition of their Pianoforte Primer appeared, a little work which was very successful. In 1819, Burrowes brought out a Thorough Bass Primer, which achieved a success equal to that of the earlier work. In the course of their long career they also published a Companion to the Pianoforte Primer (1826), a Companion to the Thorough Bass Primer (1832), The Tutor's Assistant for the Pianoforte (1834), and a Guide to Practice on the Pianoforte (1841). They also published collections of psalm tunes, preludes, dances, Scotch and Irish airs, sonatas, a trio for three flutes, songs, and many arrangements of operas for the pianoforte. For nearly forty years, Burrowes was organist of St. James's Church, Piccadilly. About 1834 they settled at 13 Nottingham Place, where they died, after a long and painful illness on 31 March 1852.
References
English organists
British male organists
English composers
Musicians from London
1787 births
1852 deaths
19th-century English musicians
19th-century British male musicians
Hacketville is a former settlement in Nevada County, California. Along with Spenceville and Wilsonville, Hacketville was established southwest of Rough and Ready during the 1865-1866 copper mining boom.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
The Bundestag Science Prize (in German: Wissenschaftspreis des Deutschen Bundestages) is a German science prize. It awards €10,000 every two years for outstanding work about parliamentarism. The prize donor is the German Bundestag.
Recipients
References
Political science awards
German science and technology awards
Bundestag
Mac Coitir and Mac Oitir are masculine surnames in the Irish language. The names translate into English as "son of Oitir". These surnames originated as a patronyms, however they no longer refers to the actual name of the bearer's father. There are specific forms of these surnames that are borne by married and unmarried females. There are numerous Anglicised forms of these surnames.
Etymology
Mac Coitir is a variant form of Mac Oitir, where the c-sound has carried over from the Mac- prefix. According to Patrick Woulfe, who wrote in the early 20th century, the form Mac Coitir is the more popular form of the two surnames. The surnames translate into English as "son of Oitir". These surnames originated as patronyms, however they no longer refer to the actual name of the bearer's father. The name Oitir is a Gaelic derivative of the Old Norse personal name Óttar(r).
Feminine forms
The form of these Irish surnames for unmarried females is Nic Coitir and Nic Oitir; these names mean "daughter of the son of Oitir". The form of these Irish surnames for married females is Bean Mhic Coitir and Bean Mhic Oitir, or simply Mhic Coitir and Mhic Oitir; these names mean "wife of the son of Oitir".
Anglicised forms
These Irish surnames can be Anglicised variously as MacCotter, MacCottier, MacCottar, Cotter, Cottier, Cottiers, and Otterson.
Families
The names are borne by families in Ulster. The names are also borne by an old and notable family that was historically seated at Carrigtwohil, near the city of Cork; this family claims to be of Norse origin.
References
Irish-language masculine surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames
Irish families
Surnames of Irish origin
Irish-language surnames
Families of Irish ancestry
Mohr is a surname of German origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Alexander Mohr (1892–1974), German Expressionist artist
Bill Mohr (1909–1971), Australian rules footballer
Charles Mohr (botanist) (1824–1901), German-American botanical writer
Charles Mohr (journalist) (1929–1989), American writer for Time
Christopher Garrett Mohr (born 1966), American football player
Christian Otto Mohr (1835–1918), German civil engineer
Clinton Mohr (born 1966), Australian rugby league footballer
Daniel Matthias Heinrich Mohr (1780–1808), German botanist
Dustan Mohr (born 1976), American former Major League baseball player
Erna Mohr (1894–1968), German zoologist
Ernst Mohr (1910–1989), German mechanical engineer
Georg Mohr (1640–1697), Danish mathematician
Gerald Mohr (1914–1968), American actor
Hal Mohr (1894–1974), American cinematographer
Heidi Mohr (born 1967), German football (soccer) player
Howard R. Mohr (1921-1977), American politician and business person
Jacqueline J. Mohr, American Professor of Marketing
Jay Mohr (born 1970), American actor and comedian
Jean Mohr (1925–2018), Swiss documentary photographer
Johann Georg Mohr (1864–1943), German painter
Johan Maurits Mohr (1716–1775), Dutch-German astronomer
John P. Mohr (1910–1997), United States FBI administrator
Joseph Hermann Mohr (1834–1892), German Jesuit and hymnodist
Joseph Mohr (1792–1848), Austrian priest and composer
Karl Friedrich Mohr (1806–1879), German pharmacist
Lawrence B. Mohr (born 1931), American political scientist
Manfred Mohr (born 1938), German digital art pioneer
Morris Mohr (1907–1956), New York politician
Philipp Mohr (born 1972), German architect and industrial designer
Robert Mohr (1897–1977), Gestapo interrogation specialist
Robert Mohr (rugby) (born 1978), German rugby union player
Thomas Mohr (politician), American politician
Thomas Mohr (tenor) (born 1961), German tenor and academic teacher
Tobias Mohr (born 1995), German football (soccer) player
Wilhelm Mohr (journalist) (1838-1888), German journalist
Surnames from nicknames
German-language surnames
Azumanga Daioh soundtracks include two original soundtracks to the Azumanga Daioh anime-adaptation, tribute albums and a collection of character image songs. Several soundtrack albums for the anime of Azumanga Daioh were released by Lantis, including two volumes of the Azumanga Daioh Original Soundtrack, collecting the show's score and themes; two tribute albums; and Vocal Collection, collecting character image songs. One single was released for the opening and closing theme of the anime, and eight singles of image songs were released for the main cast members. Most of the releases charted on the Japanese Oricon charts, with the highest ranking album being Tribute to Azumanga Daioh at 68th, and the highest ranking single being Soramimi no Cake/Raspberry Heaven, the opening and closing themes, at 36th.
Azumanga Daioh Original Soundtrack, Volume 1
is the first volume of the soundtrack to the Azumanga Daioh anime television series. It was performed by the Kuricorder Pops Orchestra with Oranges & Lemons providing vocals for the intro and ending themes. It was released in the U.S. by Geneon on 2005-03-08.
Track listing
"Let's Begin"
Soramimi Cake [Cake of Mishearing] (TV Size)
"Of All Circumstances!"
"New School Term ①"
"You Mean, During the Break? ①"
"Let's Go Slowly"
"…Well"
"Bonkura-zu"
"Somehow"
"What Do You Mean?"
"I Think You're Wrong…"
"It's a Tightrope"
"New School Term ②"
"Miss Yukari Goes Wild! ~ First Half ~"
"Miss Yukari Goes Wild! ~ Second Half ~"
"Melancholy of Chiyo-chan"
"See You Tomorrow"
"It's a Stroll"
"New School Term ③"
"Chiyo-chan Runs!"
"Is It a Break? ②"
"It's a Holiday Tomorrow!"
"So Suspicious…"
"New School Term ④"
"I Wonder Why"
"Big Trouble!?"
"Good Scenery"
"What Are You Talking About?"
"Good Night"
"New School Term ⑤"
"…Damn, It's Too Late"
"It's All Right"
"…huh?"
"New School Term ⑥"
"Hang On~"
"Starry Night"
"Like This Sky"
"Raspberry Heaven (TV Size)"
Azumanga Daioh Original Soundtrack, Volume 2
is the second soundtrack to the Azumanga Daioh anime television series. It was released in Japan on 2002-11-04.
Track listing
"The Six are Always Together"
"It's Nice"
"Is They Pleased...?"
"Let's Do It in Moderation, OK?"
"Watch Out"
"Beautiful Sunset"
"'A'ye Catch (1)"
"Is it Shi-Sa?"
"Stroll in the Sea"
"School Trip?"
"To the Island of Dream"
"Iriomote Cat!!"
"Iriomote Cat!?"
"'A'ye Catch (2)"
"The Season I Spent With Maya"
"Together With Maya"
"Osaka Talks to Them Heart's Content"
"Three Years That Feel So Short"
"Bloom, Cherry Blossoms"
"God Bless the Little Girl"
"We Will All Stay Together Forever"
"Opening"
"The Bonkura-S Explode"
"Chiyo-Chan Is a High School Student at the Age of Ten"
"Osaka's Wild Imagination in Class"
"Suspense in Search of Locks of Hair"
"Chiyo-ish Fantasy"
"Another Chiyo"
"At the End of the Day"
"It's All Right"
"Don't Worry"
"Don't Be Discouraged, Chiyo-chan"
"Seems Happy?"
"Chiyo-chan's "Let's Make It!"
References
Anime soundtracks
Azumanga Daioh
The 2011–12 MOL Liga season is the fourth edition of the international ice hockey championship for teams from Hungary and Romania. Following the withdrawal of Vasas HC, the field is composed of eight clubs this season, including five Hungarian and three Romanian. The regular season ran from 6 September 2011 to 20 January 2012.
After the conclusion of the regular season the six best ranked teams won the right to participate in the playoffs. Top two clubs had bye in the first round of the playoffs, while the remaining four teams were drawn together according to their final position in the regular season (3–6, 4–5). The winners of the match-ups advanced to the semifinals, where they met Dunaújvárosi Acélbikák and HSC Csíkszereda, respectively.
Eventually, Miskolci JJSE beat HSC Csíkszereda and thus secured their spot in the finals, where they faced Dunaújváros, which won their duel in straight matches against Corona Fenestela Braşov.
Dunaújváros enjoyed the home court advantage in the best-of-seven series final, where they swept away Miskolc with 4–0 and took the 2011–12 MOL Liga title, the first ever of its kind in the history of the club.
Teams
Regular season
Standings
Individual statistics
Scoring leaders
The following players led the league in points at the end of the regular season.
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/– = Plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes
Leading goaltenders
The following goaltenders led the league in save percentage at the conclusion of the regular season. Only goaltenders who played at least 40% of the team's minutes are listed.
GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); SOG = Shots on Goal; SVS =Saved Shots; GA = Goals against; SVS% = Saving percentage; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Bracket
References
External links
MOL Liga Official Website
MOL Liga at Scoresway
2011–12 in European ice hockey leagues
2011-12
2011–12 in Hungarian ice hockey
2011–12 in Romanian ice hockey
Ellangowan may refer to:
Ellangowan (horse) (1920–after 1935), a racehorse
Ellangowan, Queensland, a locality in the Toowoomba Region, Australia
Ellangowan, a pseudonym of Scottish author James Glass Bertram (1824–1892)
Ellangowan, a fictitious location in Scotland in Walter Scott's novel Guy Mannering
See also
Ellengowan, Ontario, a community in Arran–Elderslie, Canada
Lamspringe is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 20 km south of Hildesheim. Since 1 November 2016, the former municipalities Harbarnsen, Neuhof, Sehlem and Woltershausen are part of the municipality Lamspringe.
It was known historically as the seat of the former Lamspringe Abbey, of which the church and other buildings remain.
Lamspringe was the seat of the former Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Lamspringe.
Sons and daughters of the place
Kurt Hotmeyer (1905-1967), SS doctor
Richard Mühe (1929-2009), watchmaker and physicist
Lothar Hampe (born 1946), politician (CDU)
References
External links
Hildesheim (district)
Phil Sigsworth (born 31 January 1959), (also known by the nickname of Whats-a-packet-a) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer. They played primarily in the position. Sigsworth attended Newtown Boys' Junior High School where they played Rugby Union for the school. Their junior Rugby League playing days were with the Erskineville Juniors club and then the infamous Newtown Hawks from where they were graded into the district club, Newtown District Rugby League Football Club.
Playing career
Sigsworth made their first grade debut for Newtown in 1977, enjoying a stellar season in 1981 when they made their Test and State of Origin debut while helping take Newtown to the grand final, which they lost 20–11 to Parramatta at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
They were selected for the New South Wales Blues for three State of Origin games from 1981 to 1983 and two Tests with the Australian Kangaroos in 1981, they also played in two Interstate Series games that year as well.
The utility back moved to the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in 1983, where they were judged the Rugby League Week player of the year and runner-up in the Dally M Medal as well as scoring their team's sole try in their Grand Final loss that season, again to Parramatta. After two seasons with the Manly-Warringah club they joined the then-premiers Canterbury-Bankstown in 1985.
Their time at Belmore is remembered for their send-off in the 1986 grand final for a high tackle on Brett Kenny. As of , they are the last player to have been sent off in a rugby league grand final. Canterbury-Bankstown suffered a 4–2 defeat by Parramatta at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Sigsworth has the distinction of being the first Australian player to participate in three grand finals for three different teams, losing all three matches against the same team (Parramatta), but was a member of the victorious Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs team in 1985 which was against St. George although they did not play in the final. They missed the 1984 premiership victory due to a knee injury.
Sigsworth spent one season with Balmain Tigers in 1987 before drawing the curtain on their Sydney first-grade career because of an in-operable knee injury.
Post-playing career
Sigsworth then moved into coaching, in 1996 they joined English club Hull FC, and coached the team to their first First Division championship title in 1997. Sigsworth parted ways with the club in mid-1999 and returned to Australia where they linked up again with the Balmain Tigers as assistant coach to Wayne Pearce. The club merged with Western Suburbs and after one season in 2000 at Wests Tigers, Pearce stepped down as coach and Sigsworth also left. Sigsworth has not been involved with an NRL club since.
Sigsworth remains involved in rugby league as the chairperson of the New South Wales Origin Legends who support various charities with their regular events such as re-unions, luncheons, golf days.
In 2008, the centenary year of rugby league in Australia, Sigsworth was named in the Newtown Jets 18-man team of the century.
References
Sources
Footnotes
External links
NSW FOGS Homepage
ABC Grandstand Video Interview June 2008
Bulldogs player profile
Phil Sigsworth at NRL Stats
1959 births
Living people
Australia national rugby league team players
Australian rugby league coaches
Balmain Tigers players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Hull F.C. coaches
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
New South Wales Rugby League State of Origin players
Newtown Jets players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Sydney
11.6 is a 2013 French film directed by Philippe Godeau and starring François Cluzet, Bouli Lanners, Corinne Masiero and Juana Acosta. 11.6 premiered on 3 April 2013 in France, and on 21 April in North America, at the City of Lights, City of Angels film festival.
Plot
Based on Alice Géraud-Arfi's book Toni 11,6 : Histoire du convoyeur, the film tells the real-life story of criminal Toni Musulin, who pulls off one of the largest heists in France's history without the aid of firearms.
Cast
François Cluzet as Toni Musulin
Bouli Lanners as Arnaud
Corinne Masiero as Marion
Juana Acosta as Natalia
Johan Libéreau as Viktor
Mireille Franchino as Svetlana
as IBRIS intendant
as Lepoivron
Eric Bernard as Nabil
as Bruno Morales
as Arbouche
Mohamed Makhtoumi as Diego
Christelle Bornuat as Christelle
as the Captain
Mehdi Nebbou as Monegasque police officer
Fabienne Luchetti as police chief
Reception
11.6 has grossed $2.5 million in worldwide theatrical box office, against a production budget of $9.5 million. Bouli Lanners received a nomination for Best Supporting Actor at the 4th Magritte Awards.
References
External links
2013 crime thriller films
2013 films
French crime thriller films
2010s French-language films
French heist films
Biographical films about French gangsters
Pan-Européenne films
Films set in Lyon
2010s heist films
2010s French films
In the United States, a seven-deadly-sins law for juvenile offenders is a law intended to address the increasing rates of violent crime among youth. The law has taken many forms in different state legislatures in the United States, however the "seven deadly sins" aspect always refers to the jurisdiction of the superior court over the trial of any juvenile 13–17 years old who allegedly committed murder, rape, armed robbery with firearm, aggravated child molestation, aggravated sodomy, aggravated sexual battery, or voluntary manslaughter. In the mid 1990s, numerous US states enacted seven-deadly-sins laws to combat so-called teen "superpredators," a predicted wave of remorseless teenaged criminals. However, this prediction did not come to fruition.
By state
Georgia
Among the states in the US to pass such a bill was Georgia, whose State Bill 440 attempted "to provide that certain juvenile offenders who commit certain violent felonies shall be tried as adults in the superior court."
In April, 1994, the law was passed in the US state of Georgia.
State Bill 440 attempted "to provide that certain juvenile offenders who commit certain violent felonies shall be tried as adults in the superior court." This meant that murder, armed robbery, kidnapping, rape, aggravated sexual battery, aggravated sodomy and aggravated child molestation carried a minimum of 10 years in prison, with the latter four crimes carrying a minimum of 25 years to life in prison. First-degree murder is punishable by death, life in prison without parole or life in prison with no parole for at least 30 years, while second-degree murder carries a sentence of imprisonment for not less than 10 years and up to 30 years. Anyone convicted a second time of any of these crimes will automatically be sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. The law was approved by voters on November 8, 1994 and was signed into law by then Governor Zell Miller on December 15, 1994 and went into effect on January 1, 1995. The law is codified and found under Title 17, Chapter 10, Section 7 (OCGA Section 17-10-7) of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated.
In 2009, a bill softened the effects of that law, regressing from the default to try violent minor offenders as adults.
See also
References
Citations
Works cited and further reading
http://www.ajc.com/news/news/opinion/rethink-how-we-punish-juveniles/nQjS5/
https://www.ncjrs.gov/App/publications/Abstract.aspx?id=174347
http://www.lexisnexis.com/hottopics/gacode/Default.asp
http://neptune3.galib.uga.edu/ssp/cgi-bin/legis-idx.pl?sessionid=7f000001&type=law&byte=555101497
https://web.archive.org/web/20120816063317/http://www.clayton.k12.ga.us/departments/studentservices/LREFact.pdf
https://web.archive.org/web/20130813041209/http://www.atlantanotguilty.com/violent-crimes.html
http://www.djj.state.ga.us/ResourceLibrary/resFactSheetsJuvLaws.shtml
http://theboddielawgroup.com/?cat=97
https://web.archive.org/web/20120813041812/http://www.dcor.state.ga.us/Research/Standing/Truth_in_sentencing.pdf
http://www.ajc.com/news/news/a-question-of-justice/nWPSB/
Juvenile law
Carl Spohn Langton (1920-2003) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s. They played in the New South Wales premiership competition for two different Sydney clubs and was later a top-grade referee.
Playing career
Langton played rugby league for North Sydney for four seasons: 1942, 1944, 1946–1947. They then joined the St George Dragons for two seasons between 1949 and 1950. They won a premiership with St George, playing second-row in the 1949 Grand Final when their side beat South Sydney Rabbitohs 19–12.
They retired from Sydney football at the end of the 1950 NSWRFL season. They later became a first grade referee.
Langton died on 10 December 2003 aged 83.
References
St. George Dragons players
North Sydney Bears players
Australian rugby league players
1920 births
2003 deaths
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league players from Sydney
Australian rugby league referees
Loh language may refer to:
the Lo-Toga language, an Oceanic language of Vanuatu – more specifically, the Lo dialect spoken on the island of Lo ( Loh)
the Loo language, an Adamawa language of Nigeria
Eye care professionals use prism correction as a component of some eyeglass prescriptions. A lens which includes some amount of prism correction will displace the viewed image horizontally, vertically, or a combination of both directions. The most common application for this is the treatment of strabismus. By moving the image in front of the deviated eye, double vision can be avoided and comfortable binocular vision can be achieved. Other applications include yoked prism where the image is shifted an equal amount in each eye. This is useful when someone has a visual field defect on the same side of each eye. Individuals with nystagmus, Duane's retraction syndrome, 4th Nerve Palsy, and other eye movement disorders experience an improvement in their symptoms when they turn or tilt their head. Yoked prism can move the image away from primary gaze without the need for a constant head tilt or turn.
Prism correction is measured in prism dioptres. A prescription that specifies prism correction will also specify the "base". The base is the thickest part of the lens and is opposite from the apex. Light will be bent towards the base and the image will be shifted towards the apex. In an eyeglass prescription, the base is typically specified as up, down, in, or out, but left and right are also used sometimes. Whether a patient needs this type of correction can be determined by a variety of methods.
Prism dioptres
Prism correction is commonly specified in prism dioptres, a unit of angular measurement that is loosely related to the dioptre. Prism dioptres are represented by the Greek symbol delta (Δ) in superscript. A prism of power 1Δ would produce 1 unit of displacement for an object held 100 units from the prism. Thus a prism of 1Δ would produce 1 cm visible displacement at 100 cm, or 1 meter. This can be represented mathematically as:
where is the amount of prism correction in prism dioptres, and is the angle of deviation of the light.
For a prism with apex angle and refractive index ,
.
Prentice's rule
Prentice's rule, named so after the optician Charles F. Prentice, is a formula used to determine the amount of induced prism in a lens:
where:
P is the amount of prism correction (in prism dioptres)
c is decentration (the distance between the pupil centre and the lens's optical centre, in millimetres)
f is lens power (in dioptres)
The primary use of Prentice's rule is that under certain circumstances, the prescribed prism can be obtained without grinding prism into the lenses, by decentering the lenses as worn by the patient.
An additional use of the rule is for determining the amount of unprescribed prism that is introduced if the lens is not correctly centred on the wearer's pupil. This can be used for tolerance control of lenses, for example when glasses must be made with lenses that are too small, so that the optical centre of one or both lenses must be displaced from the pupil position.
See also
Prentice position
References
Ophthalmology
Corrective lenses
Optometry
The women's 400 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 21, 22 and 23 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 August
Semifinals
22 August
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Heats
21 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 24 athletes from 19 countries participated in the event.
References
400 metres
400 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The 2016 NBL season was the 35th season of the National Basketball League. The league's team total dropped to an all-time low for the 2016 season, with the departure of the Manawatu Jets leaving the competition with seven teams.
The 2016 pre-season tournament was held at the Te Rauparaha Arena in Porirua from Friday 26 February through Sunday 28 February. The four-team event featured the Canterbury Rams (2–1), Nelson Giants (3–0), Wellington Saints (0–3) and a Porirua invitational team (1–2). The regular season commenced on Thursday 10 March in Wellington with the Wellington Saints hosting the Super City Rangers at TSB Bank Arena. The season contained 12 weeks of regular season games and a Final Four series on Queens' Birthday weekend in June. As the only team based north of Hawke's Bay, the Rangers utilised two new 'home' venues around the Upper North Island, Te Awamutu and Whangarei, providing increased exposure for elite basketball in that area of the country.
The regular season concluded with the Rams earning a playoff berth for the first time since 2002 and their first minor premiership since 1993, while the Hawks recorded their first winless season in franchise history and joined the 1998 Northland Suns, 2009 Taranaki Mountainairs, 2010 Otago Nuggets and 2015 Taranaki Mountainairs as the only sides in NBL history to go an entire season without a win.
For the first time in the competition's history, Invercargill hosted the Final Four weekend, with the semifinals on Friday 3 June, followed by the championship game on Saturday 4 June.
Team information
Summary
Regular season standings
Final Four
Awards
Player of the Week
Statistics leaders
Stats as of the end of the regular season
Regular season
Most Valuable Player: McKenzie Moore (Canterbury Rams)
NZ Most Valuable Player: Marcel Jones (Canterbury Rams)
Most Outstanding Guard: McKenzie Moore (Canterbury Rams)
Most Outstanding NZ Guard: Shea Ili (Wellington Saints)
Most Outstanding Forward: Marcel Jones (Canterbury Rams)
Most Outstanding NZ Forward/Centre: Marcel Jones (Canterbury Rams)
Scoring Champion: Eric Devendorf (Super City Rangers)
Rebounding Champion: Alex Pledger (Southland Sharks)
Assist Champion: McKenzie Moore (Canterbury Rams)
Rookie of the Year: Logan Elers (Taranaki Mountainairs)
Coach of the Year: Ross McMains (Taranaki Mountainairs)
All-Star Five:
G: McKenzie Moore (Canterbury Rams)
G: Raymond Cowels (Nelson Giants)
F: Torrey Craig (Wellington Saints)
F: Marcel Jones (Canterbury Rams)
C: Alex Pledger (Southland Sharks)
Final Four
Finals MVP: Tai Wesley (Wellington Saints)
References
External links
2016 fixtures
Live broadcasting
Southland to hold the 2016 NBL Final Four
2016 season preview
Round 1 preview
Final Four preview
Grand Final preview
Grand Final re-watch
Promise for Bay Hawks despite 0-14 record
National Basketball League (New Zealand) seasons
NBL
Pidotimod is an immunostimulant.
References
Carboxylic acids
Immunostimulants
Thiazolidines
Carboxamides
Pyrrolidines
Lactams
The pine processionary (Thaumetopoea pityocampa) is a moth of the subfamily Thaumetopoeinae in the family Notodontidae, known for the irritating hairs of its caterpillars, their processions, and the economic damage they cause in coniferous forests. The species was first described scientifically by Michael Denis and Ignaz Schiffermüller in 1775, though it was known to the ancients, with remedies described by Theophrastus, Dioscorides and Pliny the Elder. Its processionary behaviour was described in 1916 by the French entomologist Jean-Henri Fabre. It is one of the most destructive species to pines and cedars in Central Asia, North Africa and southern Europe.
The species is notable for the behaviour of its caterpillars, which overwinter in tent-like nests high in pine trees, and which proceed through the woods in nose-to-tail columns, protected from predators by their severely irritating hairs.
The species is one of the few insects where the larva develops in winter in temperate zones. Global warming is causing the species to affect forests progressively further north. The urticating hairs of the caterpillar larvae cause harmful reactions, and in some cases allergies, in humans and other mammals.
History of study
The Greek physician Dioscorides noted the urtication caused by the pine-dwelling caterpillar, the name meaning "Aleppo pine larva" (; from pitys "pine" and kampē "caterpillar"), in their 77 AD book De materia medica. Pliny the Elder recorded a treatment for the resulting itching in their Natural History; Theophrastus had earlier recommended the medicinal plant elecampane (horse-heal) in oil and wine to treat contact with "pine larvae" in their Historia Plantarum.
The French entomologist Jean-Henri Fabre conducted a famous study on the pine processionary caterpillar where a group of them followed head-to-tail in a circle around the rim of a flower pot; they continued marching in the circle for a week. They described the experiment in their 1916 book The Life of the Caterpillar. The study has been cited innumerable times by inspirational and religious speakers who view it as a metaphor for blindly following a leader or for confusing activity with accomplishment. Fabre considered their caterpillars to be mindless automatons, trapped because they were pre-programmed to blindly follow trails, in this case the endless one that they had laid down around the circular pot rim. Fabre's caterpillars may have been physically trapped on the narrow rim of the pot, but circular trails established by young caterpillars do continue to circle for as long as 12 hours even when free on a flat surface.
Description
The adult is a stout furry moth which holds its wings like a tent over the body, in the manner of the eggar moths (Lasiocampidae). The adult is larger than the oak processionary, Thaumetopoea processionea, has a crescent marking on the wings (unlike the pale eggar moth; the oak processionary has an indistinct marking), and is found in coniferous rather than broad-leaved forests. The caterpillars are readily recognised by their processionary habit and their presence (with large silken nests and signs of defoliation) in coniferous woods. They are orange-brown and hairy with blue bands.
Distribution
The species is native to the southern Mediterranean area, North Africa, the Middle East, and southern Europe. It has been spreading northwards, assisted by climate change since the 1990s, and has reached Brittany, forests to the north of Paris, and Strasbourg in northern France. A paler subspecies, T. pityocampa orana, occurs in North Africa from Morocco to Libya, at altitudes to in the Middle Atlas; the adults fly between April and August.
Life cycle
Though most individuals of the species only live one year, some in high altitudes or more northern areas may survive for over two years. Each female lays an "enormous number" of eggs near the tops of pine trees. After hatching, the larvae eat pine needles while progressing through five stages of development (instars). To survive through the winter, the caterpillars construct a nest of silk threads, making them one of the few species of temperate zone insects where the larvae develop in winter. Around the beginning of April, the caterpillars leave the nests in the procession for which the species is known. They burrow underground, pupate, and emerge between mid May and August.
The eggs are laid in cylindrical bodies ranging from in length. The eggs are covered with scales which come from the female and mimic pine shoots.
The larva is a major forest pest, living communally in large "tents", usually in pine trees but occasionally in cedar or larch, marching out at night in single file (hence the common name) to feed on the needles. There are often several such tents in a single tree. When they are ready to pupate, the larvae march in their usual fashion to the ground, where they disperse to pupate singly on or just below the surface.
The moth's pupal stage occurs in a white silken cocoon under soil. The pupae measure around and are a pale brownish-yellow that changes into a dark reddish brown.
As an adult, T. pityocampa has predominantly light brown forewings with brown markings. The moth's hindwings are white. Females have larger wingspans of , compared to a male's . Adults only live for a single day, when they mate and lay eggs. How far they are able to spread depends on how far the female is able to fly during their short time as an adult. Them average flying distance is , with a maximum recorded of .
Behaviour
Shelter building
T. pityocampa is highly social. Throughout its life cycle, an individual makes several shelters, possibly for protection from predators; the larvae emerge to feed at night. The first of these is flimsy and temporary, but in the third instar, they build a permanent nest. Once the permanent nest is built, the caterpillars become foragers, staying in the vicinity of the nest. The nest has no openings, so caterpillars force themselves through the layers of the shelter. The waste from the larvae's diet falls as frass and accumulates at the bottom of the nest.
Processions
Lengthy processions are formed when fully grown caterpillars abandon their host tree in search of pupation sites, when as many as three hundred caterpillars may travel long distances from the natal tree looking for soft soil in which to bury themselves and form cocoons. During processions, stimuli from setae on the tip of the abdomen of the caterpillar in front serve to hold processions together, taking priority over the trail pheromone or silk.
Parasites, predators, and diseases
The species is controlled to some extent by predators, parasites and viruses which attack the moth at many stages of its life cycle. For example, eggs are eaten by the orthopteran Ephippiger ephippiger, while larvae are eaten by birds such as great tit (Parus major) and great spotted cuckoo (Clamator glandarius). Larvae are parasitised by solitary wasps (Ichneumonidae, Braconidae) and some species of flies (Tachinidae), and may be infected by the processionary moth virus Smithiavirus pityocampae. Pupae are eaten by hoopoes (Upupa epops), while adults are eaten by bats.
Interactions with humans
Skin and eye irritation
In the third and subsequent instars of their development, pine processionary caterpillars defend themselves from predators with conspicuous hairs containing an irritant chemical, thaumetopoein. Simple contact with the hairs of the caterpillar can cause severe rashes (urticaria) and eye irritation in humans and other mammals, and some individuals may have an allergic reaction. When stressed or threatened, fifth-stage larvae eject hairs shaped like harpoons, which penetrate all areas of exposed skin nearby and irritate them with an urticating protein.
Forestry damage
The pine processionary is a major economic pest in coniferous forests in southern Europe, where the caterpillar is responsible for most of the defoliation seen in coniferous trees; outbreaks are somewhat cyclical, with a period of 7 to 9 years. Although pines are the most susceptible, other conifer trees such as larches are also vulnerable. The caterpillars can completely defoliate trees if large numbers are present.
Global warming is causing the species to affect forests progressively further north. It has for example been a pest of forests in Southern Europe since classical times, but it has already reached the north of France.
Artificial control
Efforts to control the pine processionary have included biological control using Bacillus thuringiensis, which is effective on eggs and first- or second-stage caterpillars (in September or October), or insecticides such as diflubenzuron, an insect growth regulator, which can be sprayed from aircraft. Monitoring can include the use of pheromone traps. Other methods that have been tried to include insecticides in oil inserted directly into nests, and mechanical removal of nests.
Notes
References
External links
Wildlife in France: Pine processionary moth
Thaumetopoeinae
Moths described in 1775
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Michael Denis
Taxa named by Ignaz Schiffermüller
Articles containing video clips
Matheus Nolasco de Oliveira Silva (born 21 April 1995), known as Matheus Nolasco or Somália, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Capivariano as a forward.
Club career
Born in Brasília, Distrito Federal, Matheus Nolasco was an Atlético Mineiro youth graduate. In 2015, after finishing their formation, they were released and joined Penapolense.
In March 2015, after a trial period, Matheus Nolasco was loaned to Vila Nova until the end of the year. In July, after appearing in only two matches as a substitute in the Campeonato Goiano Segunda Divisão, they returned to their parent club and appeared in the year's Copa Paulista.
On 2 February 2016, Matheus Nolasco was loaned to Santos until December 2017, being initially assigned to the B-team. They made their first team – and Série A – debut on 14 May, replacing Ronaldo Mendes in the 64th minute of a 0–1 away loss against Atlético Mineiro.
Career statistics
References
External links
Futebol de Goyaz profile
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brasília
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Clube Atlético Penapolense players
Vila Nova Futebol Clube players
Santos FC players
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos players
Clube Atlético Linense players
Rio Claro Futebol Clube players
Capivariano Futebol Clube players
Trzciniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Trzciniec
Euphrictus spinosus is a tarantula (family Theraphosidae), subfamily Selenogyrinae, first described by A.S. Hirst in 1908. It is only known from the male, and from the Dja River, Cameroon.
Description
Only the male is known. Euphrictus spinosus is distinguished by having 7-8 spines on the tibia of the first leg; having a yellowish carapace and a brown abdomen with long bright yellow hairs; and a long tapering embolus with a slight twist in the middle. Its body is 15.5 mm long and it has a stridulating organ between its chelicera. It also lacks a clypeus.
References
Endemic fauna of Cameroon
Invertebrates of Cameroon
Theraphosidae
Spiders of Africa
Spiders described in 1908
The 24 Division is a division of the Sri Lanka Army. Established on 11 November 2009 as Task Force 3, the division is currently based in Malwatte in the Eastern Province. The division is a part of Security Forces Headquarters – East and has two brigades.
The division includes battalions of the SLNG, SLSR, and the Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment. 241Brigade includes 3 ViR, 16 SLNG, and 28SLNG.
References
2009 establishments in Sri Lanka
Military units and formations established in 2009
Organisations based in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Army divisions
Ivakino () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 33 as of 2002.
Geography
Ivakino is located 57 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pogorelovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Roger C. Schultz (born October 13, 1945) is a retired United States Army lieutenant general who served as director of the Army National Guard.
Early life
Roger Charles Schultz was born in Le Mars, Iowa on October 13, 1945. They graduated from LeMars Community School in 1963 and enlisted in the Iowa Army National Guard. They received their commission as a Second Lieutenant of Infantry upon graduation from Officer Candidate School in 1967.
Schultz is a licensed airplane pilot (Commercial and Multi-Engine Land Instrument Rating).
Vietnam war
In 1968, Schultz was called to active duty as a member of the Iowa National Guard's 2nd Battalion, 133rd Infantry. After training at Fort Carson, Colorado, they served in Vietnam with 2nd Battalion, 22nd Infantry Regiment in 1969, first as a rifle platoon leader, and later as a scout platoon leader. Schultz received the Silver Star for heroism in combat, as well as the Combat Infantryman Badge, Purple Heart (two awards), Vietnam Service Medal (with 3 Bronze Stars), Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross (with Gold and Silver Star), Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal (with "60" Device), Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross (with Palm Unit Citation), and Republic of Vietnam Civil Actions Unit Citation.
Education
Schultz is a graduate of the Infantry Officer Basic and Advanced Courses, and the United States Army Command and General Staff College.
They received a Bachelor of Science degree in Management from Upper Iowa University in 1980. In 1992 they graduated from the United States Army War College and received a Master of Public Administration degree from Shippensburg State University.
Post Vietnam war
Schultz continued their military service after the Vietnam War, serving in a variety of command and staff positions in Iowa. Their assignments included: Commander, Company B, 2nd Battalion, 133rd Infantry (1975-1976); commander, 1st Battalion, 168th Infantry (1982-1984); chief of staff, Iowa Army National Guard (1988-1991); commander, 2nd Brigade, 34th Infantry Division (1992-1995); and Deputy Adjutant General, Iowa National Guard (1995-1998). While serving as Deputy Adjutant General, Schultz was also assigned as Deputy Director of the Army's Directorate for Mobilization Support, part of an effort by Secretary of Defense William Cohen to better integrate the Reserve and Active components of the military for fighting domestic terrorism.
Director, Army National Guard
In 1998, Schultz was appointed director of the Army National Guard as a major general.
In 2001, Congress passed legislation upgrading the positions in charge of the Reserve components, including Director of the Army National Guard and Director of the Air National Guard, and Schultz was promoted to lieutenant general.
Schultz served as director of the Army National Guard until retiring in 2005. they were succeeded by Clyde A. Vaughn.
Post military career
After retiring from the military, Schultz was named Vice President of Unitech, a company which provided homeland security and military training and simulation products and services to government and the military. Unitech was later purchased by Lockheed Martin, and Schultz became a program Management Director.
In 2011, Schultz became Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of SENTEL Corporation, which provides technology development and testing services to the military and government agencies.
Schultz was also a member of the Board of Directors of 5Star Life Insurance Company and the Armed Forces Benefit Association. In addition, they served on the Association of the United States Army Council of Trustees.
In 2015 Schultz was named president of the Army Historical Foundation, the fundraising entity of the National Museum of the United States Army.
Awards and decorations
Additional awards
In 2006 Schultz was the commencement speaker at Morningside College and received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree.
Effective dates of promotions
Second lieutenant, Army National Guard, June 26, 1967
Second Lieutenant, Army of the United States, August 21, 1968
First lieutenant, Army of the United States, April 1, 1969
First lieutenant, Army National Guard, June 25, 1969
Captain, Army National Guard, May 17, 1971
Major, Army National Guard, March 31, 1976
Lieutenant colonel, Army National Guard, February 10, 1981
Colonel, Army National Guard, February 1, 1985
Brigadier general, Army National Guard, May 21, 1996
Major general, Army National Guard, June 1, 1998
Lieutenant general, May 24, 2001
References
External resources
Roger C. Schultz at National Guard Bureau General Officer Management Office
Living people
1945 births
People from Le Mars, Iowa
Upper Iowa University alumni
Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania alumni
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Army War College alumni
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Army generals
National Guard (United States) generals
Recipients of the Meritorious Service Medal (United States)
Military personnel from Iowa
The 1913–14 season was the ninth in the history of the Isthmian League, an English football competition.
New Crusaders were newly admitted to what would be their only season in the Isthmian League. London Caledonians were champions, winning their fifth Isthmian League title.
It was the last season before the league was suspended for the First World War. Shepherd's Bush never returned to the league after the war, while four other clubs missed the short 1919 season.
League table
References
Isthmian League seasons
I
Generalized Environmental Modeling System for Surfacewaters or GEMSS is a public domain software application published by ERM. It has been used for hydrological studies throughout the world.
History
GEMSS has been used for ultimate heat sink analyses at Comanche Peak Nuclear Power Plant, and Arkansas Nuclear One. In Pennsylvania it has been applied at PPL Corporation's Brunner Island Steam Electric Station on the lower Susquehanna River, Exelon's Cromby and Limerick Generating Stations on the Schuylkill River, and at several other electric power facilities. River applications for electric power facilities have been made on the Susquehanna (Brunner Island), the Missouri(Labadie Power Station), the Delaware (Mercer and Gilbert Generating Station), the Connecticut (Connecticut Yankee Nuclear Power Plant), and others.
Applications of GEMSS and its individual component modules have been accepted by regulatory agencies in the U.S. and Canada. It is the sole hydrodynamic model listed in the model selection tool database for hydrodynamic and chemical fate models that can perform 1-D, 2-D, and 3-D time-variable modeling for most waterbody types, consider all state variables and include the near- and far-fields. GEMSS can also provide GUI's, grid generation, and GIS linkage tools and has strong documentation.
Features
GEMSS includes a grid generator and editor, control file generator, 2-D and 3-D post processing viewers, and an animation tool. It uses a database approach to store and access model results. The database approach is also used for field data; as a result, the GEMSS viewers can be used to display model results, field data or both, a capability useful for understanding the behavior of the prototype and for calibrating the model. The field data analysis features can be used independently using GEMSS modeling capability.
Modeling techniques
A GEMSS application requires two types of data: (1) spatial data (primarily the waterbody shoreline and bathymetry, but also locations, elevations, and configurations of human-made structures) and (2) temporal data (time-varying boundary condition data defining tidal elevation, inflow rate and temperature, inflow constituent concentration, outflow rate, and meteorological data. All deterministic models, including GEMSS, require uninterrupted time-varying boundary condition data. There can be no long gaps in the datasets and all required datasets must be available during the span of the proposed simulation period.
For input to the model, the spatial data is encoded primarily in two input files: the control and bathymetry files. These files are geo-referenced. The temporal data is encoded in many files, each file representing a set of time-varying boundary conditions, for example, meteorological data for surface heat exchange and wind shear, or inflow rates for a tributary stream. Each record in the boundary condition files is stamped with a year-month-day-hour-minute address. The data can be subjected to quality assurance procedures by using GEMSS to plot, then to visually inspect individual data points, trends and outliers. The set of input files and the GEMSS executable constitute the model application.
Notes
References
Further reading
Lauzon, Prakash, Salzsauler and Vandenberg. "Use of water quality models for design and evaluation of pit lakes." Mine Pit Lakes: Closure and Management. Australian Center for Geomechanics. Pages 63 to 81.
U. S. Army Engineer Waterways Experiment Station, Environmental Laboratory, Hydraulics Laboratory. "CE-QUAL-W2: A Numerical Two-Dimensional, Laterally Averaged Model of Hydrodynamics and Water Quality" (August 1986) User's Manual. Instruction Report E-86-5. Final Report.
Durand, Kruk, Kempa, Tjomsland. "Vistula Water Quality Modeling" (2011) Pages 165 to 180.
Cvetkovic and Dargahi. 2014. "Hydrodynamic and Transport Characterization of the Baltic Sea 2000-2009" (July 2014). TRITA-LWR Report 2014:03. KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm. .
Kim and Park. "Multidimensional Hydrodynamic and Water Temperature Modeling of Han River System" (2012) Journal of Korean Society on Water Environment. Volume 28. Number 6. Pages 866 to 881.
Na and Park. "A Hydrodynamic and Water Quality Modeling Study of Spatial and Temporal Patterns of Phytoplankton Growth in a Stratified Lake with Buoyant Incoming Flow" (2006) Ecological Modelling 199. Pages 298 to 314.
Na and Park. "A Hydrodynamic Modeling Study to Determine the Optimum Water Intake Location in Lake Paldang, Korea" (2005) Journal of the American Water Resources Association. Volume 41. Issue 6. Pages 1315 to 1332.
HydroGeoLogic and Aqua Terra. "Selection of Water Quality Components for Eutrophication-Related Total Maximum Daily Load Assessments - Task 4: Documentation of Review and Evaluation of Eutrophication Models and Components". (June 1999) EPA Contract Number 68 C6 0020. Work Assignment Number 2 04.
Computational fluid dynamics
Environmental science software
Integrated hydrologic modelling
Public-domain software
The Jackson County High School in Gainesboro, Tennessee was built in 1939 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. It has also been known as Fox Middle School.
Architecture: Colonial Revival
It was built as a Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works (?) project. It is a two-story, brick Colonial Revival-style building, with a two-story pedimented portico. It has an I-shaped overall plan.
It was designed by architects Marr and Holman, of Nashville, Tennessee, and it was built by F.C. Gorrell and Sons, of Russellville, Kentucky.
In addition to the school building, there is a contributing structure on the property.
It served as the Jackson County High School from 1939 until 1969, and thereafter as the Fox Middle School until around 2000.
It is located at 707 School Dr. in Gainesboro.
References
Schools in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, Tennessee
Colonial Revival architecture in Tennessee
Buildings and structures completed in 1939
1939 establishments in Tennessee
Elyashiv (, lit. God will bring back) is a moshav in central Israel.
Elyashiv may also refer to
Avrohom Elyashiv (c. 1877–1942), rabbi and Av Beis Din of the city of Gomel
Shlomo Elyashiv (1841–1926), kabbalist from Lithuania
Yosef Shalom Elyashiv (1910–2012), Israeli Haredi rabbi and posek
The President James K. Polk Historic Site is a museum and historic location in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, and a historic site managed by the North Carolina Department of Natural and Cultural Resources' Historic Sites division. The property was the location of property owned by the parents of President James K. Polk, and exhibits at the historic site serve to tell the story of the President's political career, as well as provide a look into life in North Carolina in the early 19th century.
References
External links
North Carolina State Historic Sites page
Museums in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina
History museums in North Carolina
North Carolina State Historic Sites
Protected areas of Mecklenburg County, North Carolina
James K. Polk
Presidential museums in the United States
Biographical museums in North Carolina
Houses in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina
The women's 1500 metre at the 2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place 11 March at the Sheffield Arena.
Results
Quarterfinals
Top 2 athletes from each heat and the next 2 fastest riders qualified for the semifinals.
Heat 1
Heat 3
Heat 5
Heat 7
Heat 2
Heat 4
Heat 6
Heat 8
Semifinals
Top 2 athletes from each heat qualified for the final.
Heat 1
Heat 3
Heat 2
Final
References
2011 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
Mary Katherine Vernon (born 1953) is an American computer scientist who works as a professor of computer science and industrial engineering at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Them research concerns high-performance computer architecture and streaming media.
Vernon graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1975 with a B.S. in chemistry, and earned their Ph.D. in computer science from UCLA in 1983 under the supervision of Gerald Estrin. They were named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1996 "for fundamental contributions to performance analysis of parallel computer architectures and for leadership in the computing research community." In 2019, they won the ACM SIGMETRICS Achievement award for "contributions to analytic performance modeling techniques and to analytic design of a wide range of impactful computer and communication system architectures."
Selected publications
.
.
.
.
References
1953 births
Living people
American computer scientists
American women computer scientists
American industrial engineers
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
American women academics
This is a list of notable mobile apps for use in photography and videography; it includes apps for photo capture, annotation, editing and manipulation, video capture, editing and manipulation. Apps only for video or image sharing or viewing are excluded.
List
References
Photography and videography apps
Księginice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Wybcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 450.
References
Wybcz
Allan Edge is a former British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s.
They won a gold medal in the K-1 team event at the 1979 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Jonquière.
References
Overview of athlete's results at canoeslalom.net
British male canoeists
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Tero Pilvi (born 21 February 1976) is a Finnish former footballer who is last known to have played as a midfielder or winger for Cambridge United. After retirement, they became a scientist.
Career
Pili started their career with NuPS. After that, they signed for HIK. After that, they signed for PK-35. After that, they signed for FC Atlantis.
In 2000, Pilvi signed for the Scottish second division side Airdrieonians. In 2001, they signed for Cambridge United in the English third division.
References
External links
Finnish footballers
Living people
1976 births
Cambridge United F.C. players
Airdrieonians F.C. (1878) players
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Veikkausliiga players
Scottish Professional Football League players
English Football League players
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Finnish expatriate footballers
Association football wingers
Association football midfielders
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
New Habba Kadal is a concrete bridge located in the old city of Srinagar, in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. It was built in 2001 to replace the original Habba Kadal bridge which is a wooden structure first built in 1551. The old bridge is one of the seven original bridges that have existed in the city for a long time and it still exists a few metres downstream of the new bridge.
In 2018, the New Habba Kadal bridge was fenced on either side to prevent people from throwing garbage and other waste into the Jhelum river.
See also
Abdullah Bridge
Amira Kadal
Budshah Bridge
References
Bridges in Srinagar
Buildings and structures in Srinagar
Bridges over the Jhelum River
Bridges in Jammu and Kashmir
Bridges completed in the 20th century
Concrete bridges
Transport in Srinagar
Industrikraft Midt-Norge is a Norwegian energy company that holds a permit to build a thermal power plant fueled primarily by natural gas from Haltenbanken, but also partially from biofuel, at the Fiborgtangen industrial site in Levanger, Norway. The company is owned by Nord-Trøndelag Elektrisitetsverk, Trondheim Energi, Norske Skog and Statoil. Elkem has sold its ownership in the company.
The planned power plant would involve two generators producing a total of 800 MW of electricity, that would give an annual production of 6.4 TWh. 0.2 TWh of this is to be used as steam to power the paper mill Norske Skog Skogn that is collocated at Fiborgtangen. A construction of the plant would require a gas pipe to be built from the landing site at Tjeldbergodden in Møre og Romsdal up though Trondheimsfjord to Fiborgtangen. The company received a permit to start construction in 2001, and in 2006 the permit was extended to allow start-up of construction until 2012. As of 2007 no decision has been made to start construction.
Electric power companies of Norway
Natural gas companies of Norway
Companies based in Levanger
Nord-Trøndelag Elektrisitetsverk
Statkraft
Equinor
Norske Skog
Orkla ASA
Companies established in 1998
Magnar Åm (born 9 April 1952) is a Norwegian composer.
Selected works
Concerto for Accordion "Tropic of Cancer" (available for listening from here)
References
External links
Composer's Webpage
1952 births
Norwegian composers
Norwegian male composers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
African Manhunt is a 1955 American adventure film directed by Seymour Friedman and written by Arthur Hoerl. The film stars Myron Healey, Karin Booth, John Kellogg, Lawrence Dobkin, Ross Elliott and James Edwards. The film was released on January 5, 1955, by Republic Pictures. African sequences from the French documentary Congolaise were edited into the film.
Plot
At a military outpost in Africa, Sergeant Drover (John Kellogg) kills their commanding officer, robs the camp safe and runs into the jungle.
Months later, U.S. Army Intelligence assigns Captain Kirby (Myron Healey) to investigate a message from a western doctor (Ray Bennett), who runs a medical clinic in a remote area.
Believing that the killer is hiding near the clinic, the Kirby arranges to be transported upriver to search for the murderer and return them to stand trial with Rene Carvel (Ross Elliott) of the French African Corps as their guide.
Just before they arrive, Drover guesses that the doctor has alerted authorities about their presence and murders him. They try to kill their pursuers as well, but they capture and arrest him.
After burying the doctor and closing the clinic, the team begin the difficult journey back to the coast with Clark's assistant, Ann Davis (Karin Booth), and the handcuffed murderer. Of course, a love interest is formed between Ms. Davis and Captain Kirby and noticed by the observant French guide.
Continually looking for a way to escape, Drover is stuck riding in the canoe with Bob, Rene and several locals; however, when they stop to camp in the villages, Rene lets down their vigil. Drover kills them too and escapes.
The Captain chases them and returns them to custody after chasing off an elephant trying to charge Ms. Davis.
After burying Rene, Ms. Davis and Captain Kirby get back to the river journey with criminal in tow.
Following numerous terrain difficulties, animal attacks, and assorted "Hollywoodery", Drover manages to get themselves killed and Kirby saves the girl from certain death. The locals to perform a ritual dance to celebrate and the surviving protagonists decide they will stay together when they reach their destination.
Cast
Myron Healey as Capt. Bob Kirby
Karin Booth as Ann Davis
John Kellogg as Sergeant Jed Drover
Lawrence Dobkin as Commentator
Ross Elliott as Rene Carvel
James Edwards as Native Guide
Ray Bennett as Dr. Clark
References
External links
1955 films
American adventure films
1955 adventure films
Republic Pictures films
Films directed by Seymour Friedman
Films set in Africa
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
American black-and-white films
Ohio's 21st senatorial district has historically been based in urban Cleveland, Ohio, and consists primarily of Cleveland's West Side neighborhoods of Ohio City and Tremont; Downtown Cleveland; all of Cleveland's East Side neighborhoods; and the cities of Bratenahl, Cleveland Heights, and Shaker Heights. It encompasses Ohio House districts 9, 10 and 11. It has a Cook PVI of D+33.
Its current Ohio Senator is Democrat Dale Martin of Cleveland. Martin was appointed on June 7, 2022, by a caucus of State Senate Democrats after the incumbent senator, Sandra Williams, resigned on June 1.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 21st district senator at the 133rd Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Colin S. Gray (December 29, 1943 – February 27, 2020) was a British-American writer on geopolitics and professor of International Relations and Strategic Studies at the University of Reading, where they were the director of the Centre for Strategic Studies. In addition, they were a Senior Associate to the National Institute for Public Policy.
Gray was educated at the University of Manchester and the University of Oxford. They worked at the International Institute for Strategic Studies and the Hudson Institute, before founding the National Institute for Public Policy in Washington, D.C. They also served as a defence adviser both to the British and U.S. governments. Gray served from 1982 until 1987 in the Reagan Administration's General Advisory Committee on Arms Control and Disarmament. They taught at the University of Hull, the University of Lancaster, York University, the University of Toronto and the University of British Columbia. Gray published 30 books on military history and strategic studies, as well as numerous articles.
Gray was criticized by Alex Marshall of the University of Glasgow for their attempt to elevate Harry S. Truman's reputation to "a level of adulation far higher than the historical record could ever objectively sustain", as well as for Gray's silence on Truman's intellectual mediocrity and role in bringing about the Cold War.
Bibliography
Canadian Defence Policy: A Question of Priorities (Toronto: Clarke, Irwin, 1972).
'Predicting Arms Race Behaviour' Futures (October, 1974)
The Soviet-American Arms Race (Lexington, MA: Lexington Books, 1976).
'Victory is Possible', with Keith Payne (in: Foreign policy, No. 39 Summer 1980 : 14-27)
The MX ICBM and National Security (New York: Praeger, 1981).
Strategic Studies: A Critical Assessment (Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1982).
Strategic Studies and Public Policy:The American Experience (Lexington, KY: The University Press of Kentucky, 1982).
American Military Space Policy: Information Systems, Weapon Systems, and Arms Control (Cambridge, MA:Abt, 1983).
Nuclear Strategy and National Style (Lanham, MD: University Press of America, 1986)
The Geopolitics of Super Power (Lexington, KY:University Press of Kentucky, 1988).
War, Peace, and Victory:Strategy and Statecraft for the Next Century (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1990).
House of Cards: Why Arms Control Must Fail (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1992).
The Leverage of Sea Power: The Strategic Advantage of Navies in War (New York: The Free Press, 1992).
Weapons Don't Make War:Policy, Strategy, and Technology (Lawrence, KS:University Press of Kansas, 1993).
The Navy in the Post-Cold War World:The Uses and Value of Strategic Sea Power (University Park, PA: Penn State University Press, 1994).
Explorations in Strategy (Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1996; 1998 sec. ed. pb [Praeger]).
The Second Nuclear Age (Boulder, CO: Lynne Rienner Publishers, 1999).
Modern Strategy (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1999).
Strategy for Chaos: Revolutions in Military Affairs and Other Evidence of History (London: Frank Cass, 2002).
The Sheriff: America's Defense of the New World Order (Lexington, KY: The University Press of Kentucky, 2004).
Another Bloody Century: Future Warfare (London: Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 2005)
Strategy and History:Essays on Theory and Practice (Abingdon, UK: Routledge, 2006).
War, Peace, and International Relations. An Introduction to Strategic History (Abingdon, UK:Routledge, 2007).
The Strategy Bridge: Theory for Practice (Oxford, UK; Oxford University Press, 2010)
Airpower for Strategic Effect (Maxwell AFB, AL: Air University Press, 2012).
Strategy and Defence Planning: Meeting the Challenge of Uncertainty (Oxford University Press, 2014).
Citations
References
External links
Colin Gray: The Strategist's Strategist by Mackubin Thomas Owens
1943 births
2020 deaths
International relations scholars
Academics of the University of Reading
British political scientists
Political realists
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Academics of the University of Hull
Academics of Lancaster University
University of Toronto faculty
University of British Columbia faculty
Military strategists
Morzyczyn Włościański () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Phillip, Brisbane and Bligh was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1856 to 1859. It included Phillip, Brisbane and Bligh counties, including Scone, Murrurundi, Dunedoo and Mudgee. It was replaced by Upper Hunter and Mudgee.
Members for Phillip, Brisbane and Bligh
Election results
1856
1858
References
Phillip, Brisbane and Bligh
1856 establishments in Australia
1859 disestablishments in Australia
The Westminster Arms is a public house in the City of Westminster, London, England. It is located on Storey's Lane, about west of the Palace of Westminster and near Westminster Abbey.
It is one of six local pubs containing a division bell, used to alert members of parliament that a vote will soon be taken in Parliament.
The main lounge is on the ground floor, while the 40-seat Queen Anne dining room is on the first floor. A wine bar, Storey's, is in the basement level.
Before the Queen Elizabeth II Centre was built, the pub had a clear view of Elizabeth Tower, which contains Big Ben.
Notable past patrons include Desmond Tutu, Bill Clinton and Angelina Jolie.
Gallery
References
External links
Pubs in the City of Westminster
Buildings and structures in the City of Westminster
1913 establishments in England
The Devil's Disciple is a 1987 television film adaptation of the 1897 George Bernard Shaw play of the same title.
Cast and characters
See also
List of films about the American Revolution
List of television series and miniseries about the American Revolution
References
External links
1987 films
American Revolutionary War films
British television films
Canadian drama television films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by David Jones
Films set in the 1770s
Films set in New Hampshire
Television shows based on plays
Television remakes of films
1980s Canadian films
The Cowan Pottery Studio was founded by R. Guy Cowan in Lakewood, Ohio, United States in 1912. It moved to Rocky River, Ohio in 1920, and operated until 1931, when the financial stress of the Great Depression resulted in its bankruptcy. Cowan Pottery produced both artistic and commercial work in a variety of styles influenced by the Arts and Crafts Movement, Art Deco, Chinese ceramics, and modern sculpture.
During its two decades of operation, a number of well-known Cleveland School artists worked with Cowan at the studio: Elizabeth Anderson, Arthur Eugene Baggs, Alexander Blazys, Paul Bogatay, Edris Eckhardt, Waylande Gregory, A. Drexler Jacobson, Raoul Josset, Paul Manship, José Martin, Herman Matzen, F. Luis Mora, Elmer L. Novotny, Margaret Postgate, Stephen Rebeck, Guy L. Rixford, Viktor Schreckengost, Elsa Vick Shaw, Walter Sinz, Frank N. Wilcox, H. Edward Winter, and Thelma Frazier Winter. With the exception of Guy Cowan, himself, Waylande Gregory designed more pieces for the pottery than anyone else. Among Cowan's finest pieces were three limited edition figures relating to dance, including "Salome" (1928), "The Nautch Dancer," (1930), and "The Burlesque Dancer," (1930). For the last two, Gregory made sketches from the side of the stage of the well-known Ziegfeld Follies star, Gilda Grey, when they were performing in Cleveland.
References
2. Folk, Tom, "Uncommon Cowan Pottery Designs by Waylande Gregory," Journal of the American Art Pottery Association, vol. 30, no. 2 (spring 2014), pp. 14– 20. https://web.archive.org/web/20140519093011/http://aapa.info/2014/05/19/cowan-waylande-gregory/
External links
Cowan Pottery Museum Associates
Rocky River Public Library & Cowan Pottery Museum
Art Deco
Companies based in Ohio
Design companies established in 1912
Cuyahoga County, Ohio
American art pottery
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1931
1912 establishments in Ohio
Cleveland School (arts community)
Manufacturing companies established in 1912
Design companies disestablished in 1931
1931 disestablishments in Ohio
First Mile is a UK environmental and waste management business based in London. It works with businesses to reduce their climate impact through services such as waste, recycling, and renewable energy.
History
First Mile was founded in 2004 by Bruce Bratley in Islington, North London. In the early days, trucks were parked near Bruce's house and they would often drive them themselves to complete weekend collections.
The name is an inversion of the “Last Mile” concept associated with the last leg of telecommunications delivery. “First Mile" focuses on the first leg of recycling, collecting it from the end user in as convenient a way as possible, and delivering to local recycling facilities.
The company has acquired multiple businesses including part of Cory Environmental, Revolution Recycling, All Clear, Paperchasers Birmingham, and Giraffe Recycling.
In 2015 the head office moved from Essex Road railway station to the workspace Screenworks in Islington, North London. The main depot is located in Park Royal, northwest of the city. The company also has another office and depot in Birmingham.
The company today serves over 27,000 businesses across the UK.
In 2020, during the Coronavirus pandemic, First Mile provided it's vans to deliver goods to hospitals, charities, and to support a plant start-up to deliver plants destined for waste to UK homes.
Acquisitions
First Mile has acquired a number of other environmental businesses;
- Cory Environmental's London waste collection business in 2012
- Revolution Recycling in 2014
- All Clear Recycling in 2013
- Giraffe Recycling in 2020
Technology and innovation
By 2017, First Mile had over 10,000 clients. It has attracted investments from private equity company Growth Capital Partners. Zero emissions electric vans and cargo bikes were also introduced in 2017. Today, the entire fleet of over 70 vehicles is either zero or low-emissions, and the company was ready for ULEZ ahead of its implementation in April 2019.
In 2018 the construction of the pre-sorting facility named the Sacktory was completed. Located at the depot in Park Royal, the Sacktory ensures a higher recycling rate by separating mixed recycling materials from general waste. An average of 100 tonnes of waste is processed at the facility every day. In its first year of operations, the Sacktory has prevented 250 tonnes of emissions and helped First Mile reach the Mayor's 65% recycling target for London.
The company continues to invest in recycling strategies. It is currently developing its RecycleLab, which will be completed in 2019. The RecycleLab analyses non-traditional materials to find recycling or sustainable end-of-life solutions. It also aims to help brands design products that can remain in the circular economy, following the waste management hierarchy developed by the Waste Framework Directive (WFD).
References
External links
Waste management companies of the United Kingdom
Recycling organizations
Henfield is a large village and civil parish in the Horsham District of West Sussex, England. It lies south of London, northwest of Brighton, and east northeast of the county town of Chichester at the road junction of the A281 and A2037. The parish has a land area of . In the 2001 census 5,012 people lived in 2,153 households, of whom 2,361 were economically active. Other nearby towns include Burgess Hill to the east and Shoreham-by-Sea to the south. The population at the 2011 Census was 5,349.
Just west of the town, the two branches of the River Adur, the western Adur and the eastern Adur, meet at Betley Bridge. From Henfield the Adur flows on into the English Channel at Shoreham-by-Sea.
Henfield was already a large village, of 52 households, at the time of Domesday (1086).
Facilities
One of the largest village communities in the Horsham district, Henfield has an old and attractive centre.
It has a modern and intensely used village hall just off the High Street, the 13th-century St Peter's church, old inns, a wide and attractive common, and many interesting houses in private ownership.
There is a fire station, part of the West Sussex Fire Brigade, equipped with a single fire engine.
Henfield has one of the oldest cricket clubs in the world, dating back to 1771. A women's team was formed from 2006.
Henfield also officially has the oldest Scout group in the country (1st Henfield), dating from 1907. When officially registered in 1908 there were 36 scouts in the group. The group was started in winter 1907-8 by Audrey Wade, whose brother, A. G. Wade, had met Robert Baden-Powell when both were travelling to the UK from Africa when they were in the army. A. G. Wade later had several administrative roles in the developing Scout movement.
To the south is Woods Mill, a restored mill, now the headquarters of the Sussex Wildlife Trust, its attractions including an extensive nature trail.
Also south of the village on the road towards South Dole is a business park containing the Royal Mail Delivery Office, the Etwars and several notable small businesses.
There is also a theatre company which is held in the village hall.
Sports facilities
Henfield Leisure Centre at Northcroft has a sports hall and fitness suite. There is a small skate park located next to the sports centre. Near to the leisure centre is Henfield tennis club, founded in 1920.
The Cat House
The Cat House is at Pinchnose Green, so called because there used to be a tannery nearby and the process of tanning produces unpleasant odours. This house was once owned by George Ward who had a canary. This bird was killed by a cat belonging to the Anglican Canon Nathaniel Woodard who lived at nearby Martyn Lodge. So incensed was Ward that they painted their house with pictures of a cat holding a bird that would be seen by the canon every time they walked past on their way to the church. They also rigged up strings of seashells to rattle, and a black figure would appear at a small window called the zulu hole when the hapless canon was seen approaching.
Henfield Museum
Started in the 1930s, Henfield Museum moved to its current location in the Henfield Hall in 1974. It contains collections related to local events and people from mesolithic times onwards as well as local natural history. It also contains materials linked to local people such as Marjorie Baker and William Borrer and enterprises including the Allen-Brown Violet Nurseries and local railway station (closed in 1966). It is run by the Friends of Henfield Museum and the Henfield Parish Council.
Notable areas
Henfield is home to the Sussex Wildlife Trust headquarters, four commons, brooks, moors and tributaries to the River Adur.
Henfield's Commons
Henfield Parish Council supports four Commons: Henfield Common, Broadmere Common, Oreham Common and the Tanyard. All are ecologically rich and support a diverse range of wildlife.
Henfield Common
Henfield Common () is at the southern end of the High Street. It covers almost 20 hectares, including a cricket pitch, two football fields, rich marshland and heathy grassland. It is botanically important and supports a wide range of wildlife. Its main character historically was that of a moor and three quarters of its special plants grow best on marsh or wet ground and the other quarter on heath and grasslands. In June and July the southern marsh orchid can be seen amongst the common spotted orchid. In the late summer to the south of the marsh, the grass can be tinted purple by the devil's-bit scabious. There are surviving patches of wild chamomile on the cricket pitch also. In autumn, there are many species of field fungi including waxcaps and fairy clubs on the heath. The natural environment also supports much fauna and conservation groups monitor the area.
Despite the historical botanical richness and beauty of the common, many species have already been lost from the area since the drainage ditch was dug in 1886, making the area less wet. Lost species include small fleabane, starfruit, mudwort, lesser marshwort, bogbean, sundew, marsh cinquefoil, beaked and white sedges, chaffweed and bog-myrtle. Recent changes in the management of the Common mean even more species have been lost or are rapidly disappearing including dwarf gorse, common heather and petty whin. In 2017 disaster struck for the future of the botanical richness and the accompanying, often unseen, wildlife of the Common when the football pitches were sprayed with herbicide and ploughed destroying the glorious chamomile lawn and the recovering marsh vegetation. In the process heath and southern marsh orchids, marsh pennywort and the only patch of scarce adder's tongue fern were killed. If any of the botanical richness of the area is going to persist, the marsh will benefit from re-wetting and the heath will benefit from grazing, as well as mowing.
Broadmere Common
Broadmere Common () is at the eastern end of Dag Brooks and is almost 5 hectares. The name derives from the old English term "broad mere" meaning broad lake due its wetness. It has many pools, many of which were originally dug for the clay needed for brick-making. It has many precious plants though including yellow flag, goat willow, meadowsweet, occasional marsh woundwort and even scarce meadow brome. In the ponds there are water mint, greater bird's-foot-trefoil, common fleabane and swan mussels. Once it was famed by botanists for even rarer local plants including small fleabane, starfruit, mudwort and lesser marshwort, but of these only the lesser marshwort still exists and its survival is threatened by the invasive Australian swamp stonecrop. Palmate newts are present in the ponds and the Common can still support a number of Birds of Conservation Concern including nightingale and cuckoo, and even lesser spotted woodpecker has been seen there. The richness of the Common fauna and flora will benefit from having the ponds cleared and the land grazed.
Oreham Common
Oreham Common () is almost 6 hectares. In Old English ora means flat top hill and hamm means "a patch of flat, low-lying alluvial land beside a stream". Horn Lane runs through its centre, which is part of the longest section of the Greensand Way Roman road that still functions as a road (around 1 mile). It is rich in flora such as common meadow-rue, sneezewort, pepper saxifrage, greater bird's-foot-trefoil, adder's tongue fern and common spotted orchids, many grasses and even more herbaceous plants. Palmate newts are present in the ponds and the Common can support a number of Birds of Conservation Concern including nightingale and turtle dove and butterflies such as purple hairstreak and brown argus. Like Broadmere Common the fauna and flora will benefit from having the ponds cleared and the land grazed. Additional traffic calming measures will help improve the area.
Woods Mill
Woods Mill is the headquarters of the Sussex Wildlife Trust and an environmental education centre. It is an area of 47 acres. There is an ancient woodland, a lake, streams and unimproved meadows with wild hedgerows.
Henfield Brooks
Henfield brooks () are to the east of the River Adur and to the south west of the village. The fields flood regularly during winter rains. In spring the brooks are full of life with marsh frogs, lapwings, reed buntings and traditionally the call of the cuckoo, although that is becoming rarer. In summer the ditches support scarce plants such as greater water parsnip (an aquatic plant which has seen a massive reduction recently and now only occurs in around 50 sites in England), water dropwort, arrowhead and flowering rush. The area can support common snipe, lesser spotted woodpecker and little owl.
Henfield Moors
Between Henfield Common and Woodmancote Place is a low plain with fine unimproved wet rush pastures known as The Moors. The ground is made from the Sussex Gault Clay. gorse and birch line the fences and the two ditches support bog pondweed. Behind the Swains Farm shop, in the pony-grazed western fields there is the largest population of (and best managed) meadow thistle in Sussex. You can also find heath spotted orchid, lousewort, tormentil, ragged-robin, marsh pennywort and at least six sedges.
The Pokerlee stream
The Pokerlee Stream is a lovely tributary of the Adur that runs through the Beeding, Horton, and Dag brooks, south of Henfield, Nep Town and The Pools meadows and ends up going through a tiny triangular bluebell wood on the north side of Horn Lane. It separates the Wealden Clay of Oreham from the fertile Greensand ridge's large arable fields. The best access is from the south of Henfield. Like many of the steams of east of the Adur, parts have been straightened, partly for mill leats and partly for land drainage. There was a farmstead and barns of the same name (). Only the farm pond and a little holloway leading down to the Horton brooks survives.
The name, Pokerlee, is first recorded (indirectly) in 1327. The first element might be the word poker, 'hobgoblin', which is of Scandinavian origin and survives as the Durham place-name 'Pokerley'. However, as this is a southern usage this is not very likely. Thus, it could alternatively mean "one who has to do with a poke or bag", which survives in its diminutive form as 'pocket' and in the saying 'a pig in a poke' (sack) which refers to something bought without inspection or through a confidence trick. The second element of word, lee, refers to a meadow or a clearing.
History
Henfield was the home of Colonel Henry Bishop, who was appointed Postmaster General by King Charles II in January 1660–61. Bishop devised the first type of postmark used in England, which is known to collectors as a Bishop mark. Their invention was commemorated in 1963, on the occasion of an exhibition by Henfield Stamp Club. A special date stamp, which included the wording HENRY BISHOP'S VILLAGE, was used. Bishop is buried in Henfield churchyard.
The eighteenth century botanist William Borrer, who specialised in the flora of the British Isles, was born and died in Henfield.
When the British government introduced the Cat and Mouse Act in 1913, local Suffragette Elizabeth Robins used their 15th century farmhouse at Backsettown, near Henfield, that they shared with Octavia Wilberforce, as a retreat for suffragettes recovering from hunger strike.
References
External links
Horsham District
Villages in West Sussex
Beldibi is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Adriaan Kruisheer (born 7 October 1997) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for DVS '33.
They came up through the youth ranks of Almere City, and even captained the under-21 team in the fourth tier. Disillusioned on their chances of breaking into the first team, they made the move to Finnish top-flight side Kemi City in January 2018. They made their professional debut with the team during a Finnish Cup game against MuSa on 11 February, and scored in stoppage time to secure a 2–2 draw. Without playing any league games, though, internal problems in the club led them to abruptly move back to the Netherlands. They spent time with Sparta Nijkerk and signed with DVS '33 in 2020.
Personal life
They live in Amsterdam and studies business administration at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Dutch footballers
Footballers from Almere
Association football midfielders
Kemi City F.C. players
Sparta Nijkerk players
DVS '33 players
Derde Divisie players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Finland
The Arab National Liberation Front (, abbreviated ANLF) was an exile-based Saudi opposition movement. ANLF was founded in Cairo in December 1962, through the merger of the National Liberation Front and the Free Princes Movement. Talal bin Abdulaziz became the general secretary of ANLF. The formation of a 15-member political bureau was announced when the organization was founded.
The ANLF had a politically mixed membership, gathering Talal's Egypt-based Free Princes Movement, Nasserists, Ba'athists, the Beirut-based Organization of Saudi Communists and Shia religious leaders. The ANLF was formed as a competitor to the Union of the Peoples of the Arabian Peninsula (UPAP), a group that was founded by Saudi dissident Nasser Al Saeed to confront the Saudi regime militarily via Yemen. However, in 1962 the UPAP joined the ANLF, although it lasted for a short time.
The programme of ANLF called for a referendum on the question of the role of the monarchy, constitutional democratic reforms, gender equality, land reform, non-alignment in international affairs and revision of oil agreements. The ANLF had a regular column in the Beirut publication al-Kifah, called 'Voice of the Front'. Declarations in the name of ANLF were broadcast on Egyptian, Syrian and Yemeni radio stations, calling for the overthrow of the Saudi regime.
In August 1963 Talal's group broke away from ANLF and begun to seek reconciliation with the royal house, after which the NLF reconstituted itself. The NLF continued to function until August 1974, eventually being replaced by the Communist Party in Saudi Arabia in 1975.
References
1962 establishments in Egypt
Arab nationalism in Egypt
Arab nationalism in Saudi Arabia
Defunct political party alliances in Asia
Political opposition organizations
Political parties established in 1962
Political parties in Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabian opposition groups
Yazır is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Qarqin (, ) is a town located in the northern part of Qarqin District, Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan at at 249 m altitude on the southern bank of the Amu Darya River, Qarqin is the center of Qarqin District.
The population is about 16,500 people.
See also
Qarqin District
Jowzjan Province
References
Populated places in Jowzjan Province
East Hanover Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:
East Hanover Township, New Jersey, in Morris County
East Hanover Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
East Hanover Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
The Mini John Cooper Works Buggy is an off-road competition car, built by X-raid under the Mini marque. The car won the 2019 FIA World Cup for Cross-Country Rallies and the 2020 and 2021 Dakar Rallys. The German racing team X-raid has been using the car since 2018.
Competition history
X-raid participated in the 2018 Dakar Rally with two drivers in a new car Mikko Hirvonen and Dakar Rally newcomer Bryce Menzies. Hirvonen finished 19th when Menzies interrupted.
Stéphane Peterhansel, Carlos Sainz and Cyril Despres, who drove in a Peugeot at the 2018 Dakar Rally, moved to the X-raid Mini in 2019. Despres finished best in the trio after finishing fifth. Sainz finished 13th, winning one stage, while Peterhansel interrupted after winning two special stages before that. After the Dakar Rally, Peterhansel managed to win the 2019 FIA World Cup for Cross-Country Rallies season.
The 2020 Dakar Rally was driven for the first time in Saudi Arabia, with only Sainz and Peterhansel continuing as drivers. Sainz took the car's first Dakar Rally victory, having four stage wins during the race. Teammate Peterhansel finished third, also winning four special stages.
Dakar victories
See also
Mini Countryman
Mini John Cooper Works WRC
Mini All4 Racing
X-raid
References
External links
X-raid website
Rally cars
Rally raid cars
Dakar Rally winning cars
Mini (BMW) vehicles
Anisa Rola (born 24 May 1994) is a retired Slovenian international football defender.
International goals
Notes
External links
Profile at LUV Graz
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Maribor
Women's association football defenders
Slovenian women's footballers
Expatriate women's footballers in Austria
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Slovenia women's international footballers
ÖFB-Frauenliga players
ŽNK MB Tabor players
DFC LUV Graz players
Nikša Roki (born February 8, 1988) is a Croatian swimmer, who specialized in butterfly and individual medley events. They represented their nation Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and has claimed multiple-time Croatian championship titles and national records throughout their swimming career in the 200 m butterfly and the individual medley double (both 200 and 400 m).
Roki competed for Croatia in two swimming events at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Leading up to the Games, they managed to dip beneath the FINA B-cut in 2:01.56 (200 m butterfly) and 4:25.28 (400 m individual medley) at the Golden Bear meet in Zagreb. On the first day of the Games, Roki broke a Croatian record of 4:22.44 to touch the wall first in heat one of the 400 m individual medley, but finished only in twenty-third place. In the 200 m butterfly, Roki repeated their luck in the evening prelims, as they topped the first heat against India's Rehan Poncha, Peru's Emmanuel Crescimbeni, and Honduras' Javier Hernández Maradiaga, overhauling a sub-2:00 barrier with a new Croatian record on a tech bodysuit in 1:59.58, nearly two seconds faster than their entry time. Roki failed to advance into the semifinals, as they placed thirty-first overall in the prelims.
Roki is previously a member of the swimming team for the Ohio State Buckeyes, and a graduate of biology at the Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio (2011). They were also named an honorable mention Scholar All-American by the National Swimming Coaches Association of America in 2009.
Roki is currently a graduate student at the University of Maryland, College Park and is a teaching assistant for first-year student level bioengineering courses.
References
External links
Profile – Croatian Olympic Committee
Player Bio – Ohio State Buckeyes
NBC Olympics Profile
1985 births
Living people
Croatian male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Croatia
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Male medley swimmers
Male butterfly swimmers
Sportspeople from Zagreb
Ohio State Buckeyes men's swimmers
Ohio State University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Love and Sex with Robots by David Levy, first published in 2007, is a book about the future development of sex robots: robots that will have sex with humans. Levy claims that this practice will be routine by 2050.
Reception
Kathleen Richardson of the wrote a position paper arguing "that Levy's proposal shows a number of problems, firstly their understanding of what prostitution is and secondly, by drawing on prostitution as the model for human-robot sexual relations, Levy shows that the sellers of sex are seen by the buyers of sex as things and not recognised as human subjects." They go on to argue that "[t]his legitimates a dangerous mode of existence where humans can move about in relations with other humans but not recognise them as human subjects in their own right."
References
2007 non-fiction books
Robotics books
Sex robots
"Mail Call" is a bugle call which signals personnel to assemble for the distribution of mail.
References
bands.army.mil
Bugle calls
The very large moth family Geometridae contains genera beginning with A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y and Z.
Those beginning with Z include:
References
Z
Lists of Lepidoptera genera
Rupa Asha Huq (; born 2 April 1972) is a British Independent MP, columnist and academic. Elected as the Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Ealing Central and Acton at the 2015 general election, they were formerly a senior lecturer in sociology at Kingston University. Huq was suspended by the Labour Party in September 2022 pending an investigation into alleged racist comments made at a conference fringe event.
Early life
Huq was born in Queen Charlotte's Hospital, Hammersmith, London, England, and grew up on Brunswick Road, Ealing. Huq's father, Muhammad Huq (also known as Abedul), and mother, Rowshan Ara Huq (also known as Dulali Biswas), moved to Britain in 1962 from East Pakistan (since 1971 Bangladesh). Huq's father came from Maksedpur in Pabna city and their mother from Kuthipara. Huq's father was training to become an actuary for The Prudential, but gave that up to open an Indian restaurant in Soho, London. After the recession of the early 1990s, the council did not renew the restaurant's lease so the business folded. They opened another restaurant in Harrow and later retired.
They attended Montpelier Primary School in Ealing. In 1980, at the age of eight, Huq was featured in the BBC Schools programme Look and Read when the programme visited the school. For their secondary education they attended the independent girls' school Notting Hill and Ealing High School.
In 1993, they graduated with an upper second in Political and Social Sciences and Law from Newnham College, Cambridge, for a BA. In 1999, they completed a PhD in cultural studies with a thesis on youth culture at the University of East London, comparing young people in East London and the Alsace region of France. This included being a post-graduate at Strasbourg II University in France, during which time they also worked at the European Parliament for the Labour Party, shadowing Labour MEP Carole Tongue. In October 2017, Huq told Sky News that they had been sexually harassed by a male MEP at this time.
Teaching career
In 1998, Huq moved to Manchester. From 1998 to 2004, they were a lecturer at the University of Manchester, during which time they held a Leverhulme Trust Fellowship.
From September 2004 until 2015, Huq was a senior lecturer in Sociology and Criminology at Kingston University in the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences. They have also taught Media and Cultural Studies.
Writing and media career
Huq has contributed to Tribune, The Guardian, New Statesman, Progress magazine and The Times Higher Education Supplement. Huq's research specialism has chiefly been youth culture and pop music. They have a particular interest in David Bowie.
In 2006, their book Beyond Subculture: youth, pop and identity in a post-colonial world on these themes was published. It was subsequently one of five titles shortlisted for the 2007 British Sociological Association Philip Abrams Memorial Prize. In May 2012, their second book Making Sense of Suburbia through Popular Culture was published. Huq was a contributor to the 2011 book What Next for Labour? Ideas for a new generation, published by Queensferry Publishing. In 2013, their books On the Edge: The Contested Cultures of English Suburbia After 7/7 and Making Sense of Suburbia Through Popular Culture were published.
Huq has appeared on Channel S and Bangla TV as well as Channel 4 News and BBC News 24. On radio, they have been on the Today programme on BBC Radio 4, BBC Radio 5 Live and BBC Asian Network.
Huq says that they have been a part-time DJ, saying in 2004, "I first started DJing for a hospital radio station when I was about 17 and now I DJ in clubs and bars in Manchester".
Early political career
Huq was a researcher for Tony Banks and Patricia Hewitt. In 2004, they stood as a candidate for Labour in the European Parliament election in North West England.
In 2005, they stood as the Labour parliamentary candidate in Chesham and Amersham at the 2005 general election.
In 2008, they served on a UK government Foreign and Commonwealth "Understanding Islam" delegation to Bangladesh.
In 2010, Huq was one of three Labour candidates standing for a council seat in Walpole in the constituency of Ealing.
In November 2013, Huq was chosen by Labour as their prospective parliamentary candidate for Ealing Central and Acton constituency to challenge Conservative MP Angie Bray at the 2015 general election. In January 2015, they were one of 15 Labour candidates each given financial support of £10,000 by Lord Matthew Oakeshott, the former Liberal Democrat. During the election campaign, Huq was manhandled by the former vice-chairperson of the local Conservative branch, Karim Sacoor, who was caught on video repeatedly attempting to drag them away from Boris Johnson, who was campaigning with their Conservative rival Angie Bray.
Parliamentary career
In May 2015, Huq won the Ealing Central and Acton seat with a 274 majority. Huq won 22,002 votes, previous incumbent Angie Bray received 21,728 votes, with a turnout of 71.4%.
In April 2017, the Green Party decided not to contest their seat in the general election, commenting, "By and large we quite like Rupa. They have made quite prominent statements on proportional representation and Heathrow, as well as climate change and environmental issues in regards to Brexit." In May 2017, Vince Cable commented how they gave Huq a lift home from a joint speaking engagement, saying, "We talked for a couple of hours, and it was very clear that on almost every issue our views were almost identical. And so I would find it difficult to vote against somebody like that, and I hope that our people around the country are discriminating and think and act in a constructive way." In June 2017, in the general election, Huq retained their seat with an increased majority of 13,807.
Positions
Huq was appointed vice chair of the All-Party Parliamentary Music Group and All-Party Parliamentary on Crossrail. They chair the All-Party Parliamentary Group on London, with specific reference to planning and the built environment. Since their election, Huq has been a member of the Justice Select Committee.
In October 2016, Huq was appointed as a member of the Shadow Home Affairs team in the Labour Party's frontbench in Parliament.  They are Shadow Home Office Minister for Crime Prevention. Huq led from the frontbench on the bill before the House of Commons to equalise Civil Partnerships to include heterosexual couples. On 22 June 2020 Huq joined the Panel of Chairs.
They have been a member of the Commons Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee since March 2022.
Political views
Labour Party
In June 2015, they were one of 36 Labour MPs to nominate Jeremy Corbyn as a candidate in the Labour leadership election, although they later supported Yvette Cooper.
They supported Owen Smith in their unsuccessful attempt to replace Jeremy Corbyn in the 2016 Labour Party leadership election.
They nominated Keir Starmer as a candidate in the 2020 Labour leadership election.
Racial issues
In April 2016, Huq defended suspended Labour MP Naz Shah during an interview on BBC's Today programme by comparing "alleged anti-Semitic" posts about Israel shared by Shah on social media to a photo Huq shared of Boris Johnson on a zip-wire next to Barack Obama. They also stressed the fact that Shah's comments were made before they became an MP and that some online comments should not be taken seriously. Subsequently, Huq was accused of "trivialising racism". Huq later apologised, saying they were not "fully aware" of Shah's comments before defending them
In April 2016, Huq claimed that some areas of television had yet to move forward from the racially insensitive sitcoms of the 1970s. They specifically criticised the BBC comedy Citizen Khans "Islamophobic" depiction of a "quite backward" family of Muslims.
In March 2018, Huq received a suspicious package containing an anti-Islamic letter and sticky liquid. The substance was later found to be harmless. Similar packages were received by fellow Labour MPs Mohammad Yasin, Rushanara Ali and Afzal Khan.
In May 2018, Huq told colleagues in Westminster Hall that BAME MPs regularly have their access to the House of Commons estate questioned. They said: "I have been stopped more times in this place since my election in 2015, than in 43 years outside." Furthermore, Huq and fellow Labour MP Tulip Siddiq are mistaken for one another, though they do not look alike. Huq added: "I imagine most BME MPs have encountered it in some form or other."
In June 2019, Huq was the subject of formal complaints to the Labour Party by two former employees for alleged anti-Semitic behaviour. The Jewish Labour Movement called for them to have the party whip suspended in consequence. The allegations were dismissed due to insufficient evidence. Huq had resigned from Labour Friends of Israel shortly before the allegations were made.
In September 2022, Huq was accused of making racist comments during a speech at a Labour Party fringe event running parallel to the 2022 Labour Party Conference. Huq said of the Chancellor of the Exchequer Kwasi Kwarteng, who is black and a member of the Conservative Party, “Superficially they are a black man… if you hear them on the Today Programme, you wouldn't know they are black.” In response, figures within the Conservative Party including its Chairman demanded the whip be removed from Huq and their expulsion from the Labour Party. Huq was suspended from the Labour Party for their comments on 27 September 2022. Ms Huq went on to tweet an apology. The suspension still stood despite the apology. If their suspension is not cancelled then they have to complete their parliamentary term as an Independent member.
Brexit
In May 2017, Huq said "I am an MP who is a resolute remainer ... I will continue to fight for the UK to stay in the EU and vote accordingly. For me this is respecting the will of the people in Ealing, Acton and Chiswick."
In April 2018, while writing for Business Insider Huq said, Brexit is "not carved into concrete, untouchable and unchangeable" arguing that "If the cost of Brexit reaches a point where the British people decide it's not worth it, then they're perfectly entitled to change their minds about whether it's the right path."
In December 2018, they accused UK Prime Minister Theresa May of having "a sort of premature parliamentary ejaculation—that has put the lie to the claim that they stick to their guns." over their decision to delay a parliamentary vote on the government's Brexit deal. May responded with "I think they will see that I am not capable of a parliamentary ejaculation", which was followed by raucous laughter in the House of Commons.
Politics teaching
In January 2018, they said that the A Level history syllabus was biased against Labour because it omitted the 1945–51 Labour government, ends just before Tony Blair's Labour government in 1997 and asks pupils to list Conservative strengths and Labour weaknesses. In February, in personal film for the Daily Politics series, Huq said it was "dangerous to deny that these things Blair–Brown administrations, or the post-war Labour government which brought in the welfare state and National Health Service ever happened" and they argued there was a pro-Conservative bias to what was being taught with a risk of "brainwashing our kids".
Personal life
Huq married in 2003 and has a son, born in 2004. Them elder sister is an architect, and their younger sister is former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq; their brother-in-law is Konnie's husband, satirist and screenwriter Charlie Brooker.
Them father died on 5 September 2014, and their mother on 21 May 2017.
Huq speaks English, Bengali, French and Hindi.
Books
See also
British Bangladeshi
List of British Bangladeshis
List of English writers
List of Muslim writers and poets
List of ethnic minority politicians in the United Kingdom
References
Further reading
Rupa Huq on Economic and Social Research Council
A week in the life of...Rupa Huq
Huq, Rupa. From the margins to mainstream? Representations of British Asian youth musical cultural expression from bhangra to Asian underground music. February 2003
Burgin, Paul. Interview with Rupa Huq. SoundCloud. March 2012
External links
Rupa Huq on guardian.com
Rupa Huq on New Statesman
Rupa Huq on Tribune
Rupa Huq on The Huffington Post
1972 births
Living people
People educated at Notting Hill & Ealing High School
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
Alumni of the University of East London
Marc Bloch University alumni
English Muslims
English people of Bangladeshi descent
English sociologists
Muslim writers
English women non-fiction writers
British Asian writers
21st-century English writers
21st-century English women writers
English journalists
English columnists
American women columnists
Online journalists
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Independent members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
British politicians of Bangladeshi descent
21st-century British women politicians
English DJs
The Guardian journalists
HuffPost writers and columnists
Writers from London
Journalists from London
People from Hammersmith
People from Ealing
Academics of the Victoria University of Manchester
Academics of Kingston University
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
UK MPs 2019–present
21st-century American women
"No Pants Policy" is a song recorded by American rapper Leslie Hall, that appears on their fourth studio album Destination Friendship (2011) and remix album Songs in the Key of Gold (2013). The song was remixed by Titus Jones as released on November 12, 2013 as the lead single from their remix album, Songs in the Key of Gold (2013). It is additionally Hall's first single to not be released as a 7" vinyl.
Composition
"No Pants Policy" is a dance/comedy song with a length of three minutes and twenty five seconds. It moves at a tempo of 141 beats per minute. The song lyrically talks about not wearing pants while on the dance floor, and features EDM synthesizers, a dubstep bass, vocoders, and an electronic drum machine. The song was remixed by Titus Jones for their fifth studio album.
Critical reception
Drew Bulman of Little Village Magazine called the song "far punchier than any of Hall's previous recordings."
Music video
The music video was released on November 7, 2013. It has amassed over one million views as of 2017, making it one of their highest-viewed music videos to date. It depicts subjects in a test room watching a video of Hall on the screen and dancing to the song.
Track listing
Digital download
Release history
References
Leslie Hall songs
2013 singles
Electronic dance music songs
2011 songs
Songs about dancing
Chesterfield Royal Hospital is an acute general hospital in Chesterfield, Derbyshire. It is managed by the Chesterfield Royal Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.
History
The hospital has its origins in a dispensary established in a small house in St. Mary's Gate in 1854. The foundation stone for a new purpose-built facility was laid by the Marquis of Hartington on the site of Durrant Hall in 1859. The new hospital was officially opened in 1860: this facility became the Chesterfield Royal Hospital in 1918 and a nurses' home was added in 1919 before it joined the National Health Service in 1948.
A new modern hospital at Calow opened to patients on 29 April 1984. It was officially opened by the Queen in 1985 and was extended to include a maternity and gynaecology unit in 1989.
The National Gardens Scheme Macmillan Unit opened in November 2018. The two-storey building has 21 chemotherapy treatment chairs, two treatment beds, and three treatment rooms. It was built by Vinci Construction.
Notable births
People born at the hospital include Thomas Raymond Latimer, a professional wrestler currently based in the United States where they perform under the ring name Bram.
References
External links
Chesterfield Royal Hospital NHS Foundation Trust
Hospitals in Derbyshire
NHS hospitals in England
Buildings and structures in Chesterfield, Derbyshire
The Mont Édouard, named in honor of Édouard Moreau, is a mountain not far from the village of L'Anse-Saint-Jean, near Saguenay National Park, in Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality, in administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in Quebec, Canada. It is home to one of the most important ski centers in Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean.
Recreational activities
This mountain has several hiking trails accessible to hikers of all ages who love nature. An observation tower has been set up at the top of the mountain. It includes belvederes allowing panoramic views of three former glacial valleys, namely the Périgny valley, the Fjord valley and the Lake Édouard valley (the Zec de l'Anse-Saint-Jean). Nature lovers reach this observation tower via the family trail (lasts about an hour) in summer or fall.
Mont Édouard is the fifth highest peak in Quebec. The ski center offers a vertical drop of 450 meters with 30 different slopes. Natural snowmaking is abundant, however, the center is equipped with artificial snowmaking equipment. This ski center is aimed at skiers of all categories. For example, the northeast slope, offering 310 meters of vertical drop, has a magnificent undergrowth intended for skiers.
This ski center also offers a school slope and a treadmill to train young people in sliding sports. The center is also equipped for tube descent, cross-country skiing in two family-type loops, snowshoe trails, as well as an ice rink at the foot of the slopes.
Toponymy
This mountain was named in honor of Édouard Moreau, a trapper of Innu origin, who worked towards the end of the 19th century in the vicinity of this mountain. The entrepreneurs of the ski resort center project on Mont Édouard kept the same name for the ski resort center. The toponym "Mont Édouard" was made official on April 20, 1988, at the Place Names Bank of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of mountains of Quebec
Notes and references
External links
Official site of the Mont-Édouard ski resort
Landforms of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean
Summits of Laurentides
Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
Tonight's the Night is the sixth studio album by Canadian / American songwriter Neil Young. It was recorded in August–September 1973, mostly on August 26, but its release was delayed until June 1975. It peaked at No. 25 on the Billboard 200. In 2003, the album was ranked number 331 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time, moving up to number 330 in the list's 2012 edition and climbing further to number 302 in the 2020 update. The album is the third and final of the so-called "Ditch Trilogy" of albums that Young released following the major success of 1972's Harvest, whereupon the scope of their success and acclaim became so difficult for Young to handle that they subsequently experienced alienation from their music and career.
Content
Tonight's the Night is a direct expression of grief. Crazy Horse guitarist Danny Whitten and Young's friend and roadie Bruce Berry had both died of drug overdoses in the months before the songs were written. The title track mentions Berry by name, while Whitten's guitar and vocal work highlight "Come on Baby Let's Go Downtown"; the latter was recorded live in 1970. The song would later appear, unedited, on a live album from the same concerts, Live at the Fillmore East, with Whitten credited as the sole author.
Fans have long speculated that an alternate version of Tonight's the Night exists. Neil Young's father, Scott Young, wrote of it in their memoir, Neil and Me:
Ten years after the original recording, David Briggs and I talked about Tonight's the Night, on which they had shared the producer credit with Neil. At home a couple of weeks earlier they had come across the original tape, the one that wasn't put out. "I want to tell you, it is a handful. It is unrelenting. There is no relief in it at all. It does not release you for one second. It's like some guy having you by the throat from the first note, and all the way to the end." After all the real smooth stuff Neil had been doing, David felt most critics and others simply failed to read what they should have into Tonight's the Night – that it was an artist making a giant growth step. Neil came in during this conversation, which was in their living room. When David stopped Neil said, "You've got that original? I thought it was lost. I've never been able to find it. We'll bring it out someday, that original."The band assembled for the album was known as The Santa Monica Flyers. It consisted of Young, Ben Keith, Nils Lofgren, and the Crazy Horse rhythm section of Billy Talbot and Ralph Molina. One track as stated above was taken from recordings of an earlier tour with Crazy Horse, and another from an earlier session with their band for Harvest, The Stray Gators.
Liner notes
Included with the early original vinyl releases of Tonight's the Night is a cryptic message written by Young: "I'm sorry. You don't know these people. This means nothing to you."
On the front of the insert is a letter to a character called "Waterface"; scratched into the run-out grooves on side one is the message "Hello Waterface" while the run-out grooves on side two read "Goodbye Waterface". No explanation is given to this person's identity. In Jimmy McDonough's Shakey, Young says that "Waterface is the person writing the letter. When I read the letter, I'm Waterface. It's just a stupid thing—a suicide note without the suicide." The picture of Roy Orbison in the insert is taken from a bootleg tape Young came across and, feeling bad that Orbison most likely did not know the bootleg existed, printed it in the insert for them to see.
The back of the insert has some text superimposed over the credits to Young's On the Beach album, released a year earlier. This text is reportedly the lyrics to a Homegrown-era unreleased song titled "Florida", characterized by McDonough as "a cockamamie spoken-word dream, set to the shrieking accompaniment of either Young or [Ben] Keith drawing a wet finger around the rim of a glass."
When unfolded, a whole side of the insert features a lengthy article printed entirely in Dutch. It is a review of a Tonight's the Night live show by Dutch journalist Constant Meijers for the Dutch rock music magazine Muziekkrant OOR. In 1976 Young said they chose to print it "Because I didn't understand any of it myself, and when someone is so sickened and fucked up as I was then, everything's in Dutch anyway." Meijers later spent a week at Young's ranch in California: during this visit, Young explained that they chose the article after some Dutch girls who were visiting them translated the story and made them aware of the fact "that someone on the other end of the world exactly understood what they were trying to say."
The Reprise Records label on the vinyl copy was printed in black and white rather than the standard orange color, a process Young undertook again on the CD label art for 1994's Sleeps with Angels. Early editions of the sleeve were made on blotter paper.
In Shakey, Young maintains that along with the inserts there was a small package of glitter inside the sleeve that was meant to fall out ("our Bowie statement"), spilling when the listener took the record out. However, neither McDonough nor Young archivist Joel Bernstein have yet found a copy of Tonight's the Night featuring the glitter package.
Critical reception
Dave Marsh wrote in the original Rolling Stone review:
In a follow-up review published in the 1983 edition of The New Rolling Stone Record Guide, Marsh writes:
Chris Fallon of PopMatters said, "Tonight's the Night is that one rare record I will never tire of."
Track listing
All songs written by Neil Young, except where noted.
Personnel
Neil Young – vocals; guitar on "World on a String", "Come On Baby Let's Go Downtown", "Mellow My Mind", "Roll Another Number", "Albuquerque", "New Mama", "Lookout Joe", and "Tired Eyes"; piano on "Tonight's the Night", "Speakin' Out", and "Borrowed Tune"; harmonica on "World on a String", "Borrowed Tune", and "Mellow My Mind"; vibes on "New Mama"
Ben Keith – pedal steel guitar, vocal on "Tonight's the Night", "Speakin' Out", "Roll Another Number", "Albuquerque", and "Tired Eyes"; pedal steel guitar on "World on a String" and "Mellow My Mind"; vocal on "New Mama"; slide guitar, vocal on "Lookout Joe"
Nils Lofgren – piano on "World on a String", "Mellow My Mind", "Roll Another Number", "Albuquerque", "New Mama", and "Tired Eyes"; vocal on "Roll Another Number", "Albuquerque", and "Tired Eyes"; guitar on "Tonight's the Night" and "Speakin' Out"
Danny Whitten – vocal, electric guitar on "Come On Baby Let's Go Downtown"
Jack Nitzsche – electric piano on "Come On Baby Let's Go Downtown"; piano on "Lookout Joe"
Billy Talbot – bass all tracks except "Borrowed Tune", "New Mama", and "Lookout Joe"
Tim Drummond – bass on "Lookout Joe"
Ralph Molina – drums, vocal all tracks except "Borrowed Tune" and "Lookout Joe"
Kenny Buttrey – drums on "Lookout Joe"
George Whitsell – vocal on "New Mama"
Charts
Year End Album Charts
Certifications
Covers
In 2018, Australian singer-songwriter Emma Swift covered "Mellow My Mind" on a split 7-inch single with Pony Boy (the recording pseudonym of Los Angeles singer-songwriter Marchelle Bradanini), on which both musicians covered Neil Young songs.
Vermont band Phish has covered "Albuquerque" 16 times.
References
External links
Lyrics at HyperRust.org
Liner Notes also at HyperRust.org
Tonight's the Night at Myspace (streamed copy where licensed)
Album chart usages for Canada
Album chart usages for Netherlands
Album chart usages for UK2
Album chart usages for Billboard200
1975 albums
Neil Young albums
Albums produced by David Briggs (producer)
Reprise Records albums
Albums produced by Neil Young
Albums produced by Elliot Mazer
"I Don't Blame You At All" was a 1971 R&B song by The Miracles (also known as Smokey Robinson & The Miracles) on Motown Records' Tamla label. It was composed by Miracles lead singer, William "Smokey" Robinson, produced by Robinson and Terry "Buzzy" Johnson, and was taken from their album, One Dozen Roses. This song was actually the follow-up hit to their #1 smash, "The Tears of a Clown", and reached the Top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100, charting at #18, and the Top 10 of the Billboard R&B chart, peaking at #7. It was also a Top 20 hit in the UK, reaching #11 on the British charts that year. It is also noted as the group's last Top 20 pop hit before Smokey Robinson's departure from The Miracles the following year, and was performed by the group on Dick Clark's American Bandstand on an episode dated July 10, 1971.
The song is a sad, mournful tune that belies its up-tempo nature, Smokey, as the song's narrator, tells a girl that they obviously want (who does not reciprocate their feelings) that they don't blame them for "playing it cool" when they decide to call off the relationship. Lamenting the fact that their attraction to them covered the fact that they had just casual feelings for him, they sing:
"I Don't Blame You At All" was the group's final big hit with Robinson, though the Miracles did continue to chart several times before their departure, with songs including "Satisfaction", "I Can't Stand To See You Cry", and "We've Come Too Far to End It Now". This song has inspired a cover version by Rosetta Hightower, and appears on many Miracles' "Greatest Hits" album and CD compilations.
Personnel
The Miracles
Smokey Robinson
Claudette Rogers Robinson
Pete Moore
Ronnie White
Bobby Rogers
Marv Tarplin
Additional instruments
The Funk Brothers
References
External links
I Don't Blame You At All''-by The Miracles- on YouTube
1971 singles
The Miracles songs
Songs written by Smokey Robinson
Motown singles
Song recordings produced by Smokey Robinson
"A Poison Tree" is a poem written by William Blake, published in 1794 as part of their Songs of Experience collection. It describes the narrator's repressed feelings of anger towards an individual, emotions which eventually lead to murder. The poem explores themes of indignation, revenge, and more generally the fallen state of humankind.
Background
The Songs of Experience were published in 1795 as a follow up to Blake's 1789 Songs of Innocence. The two books were published together under the merged title Songs of Innocence and Experience, showing the Two Contrary States of the Human Soul: the author and printer, W. Blake featuring 54 plates. The illustrations are arranged differently in some copies, while a number of poems were moved from Songs of Innocence to Songs of Experience. Blake continued to print the work throughout their life. Of the copies of the original collection, only 28 published during their life are known to exist, with an additional 16 published posthumously. Only 5 of the poems from Songs of Experience appeared individually before 1839 with "A Poison Tree" first published in the 1830 London University Magazine.
The original title of the poem is "Christian Forbearance", and was placed as number 10 in the Rossetti manuscript, printed on a plate illustrated by a corpse under a barren tree. The body was shown in a similar manner to the crucified corpse of Blake's "A Negro on the Rack" in John Gabriel Stedman's Narrative.
Poem
The poem relies on a trochaic beat. It consists of four stanzas and begins with an emphasis on the first person. The first-person perspective changes with the use of the word "And" after the first stanza, while the emphasis on "I" is replaced
The original draft has a line drawn beneath the first stanza, which could denote that Blake originally intended the poem as concluding at the 4th line. There are also many differences between the manuscript and published versions of the poem, with the original line 3 and 4 reading "At a Friends Errors Anger Shew / Mirth at the Errors of a Foe."
Themes
The poem suggests that acting on anger reduces the need for vengeance, which may be connected to the British view of anger held following the start of the French Revolution. The revolutionary forces were commonly connected to the anger, with opposing sides arguing that the anger was either a motivating rationale or simply blinded an individual to reason. Blake, like Coleridge, believed that anger needed to be expressed, but both were wary of the type of emotion that, rather than guide, was able to seize control.
Poisoning appears in many of Blake's poems. The (poisoner) of "A Poison Tree" is similar to Blake's Jehovah, Urizen, Satan, and Newton. Through poisoning an individual, the victim ingests part of the poisoner, as food, through reading, or other actions, as an inversion on the Eucharist. Through ingestion, the poisoned sense of reason of the poisoner is forced onto the poisoned. Thus, the death of the poisoned can be interpreted as a replacement of the poisoned's individuality. The world of the poem is one where dominance is key, and there is no reciprocal interaction between individuals because of a lack of trust.
The poem, like others in Songs of Experience, reflects a uniquely Christian sense of alienation. As such, "A Poison Tree" appears to play-off the Christian idea of self-denial, and it is possible that Blake is relying on Emanuel Swedenborg's theme of piety concealing malice, which ultimately alienates the individual from their true identity and evil no longer appears to be evil. Blake's poem differs from Swedenborg's theory by containing an uncontrollable progression through actions that lead to the conclusion. The final murder is beyond the control of the narrator, and the poem reflects this by switching from past to the present tense. The poem's theme of duplicity and the inevitable conclusion is similar to the anonymous poem "There was a man of double deed."
The image of the tree appears in many of Blake's poems, and seems connected to their concept of the Fall of Man. It is possible to read the narrator as a divine figure who uses the tree to seduce humankind into disgrace. This use of the fallen state can also be found in the poems "The Human Abstract" and "London" from the Songs of Experience series. The actual tree, described as a tree of "Mystery", appears again in "The Human Abstract" ,and both trees are grown within the mind.
Reception
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, after being lent a copy of Blake's Songs of Innocence and Experience by Charles Tulk, annotated the lines of their copy with symbols representing the phrases "it gave me great pleasure" "and yet" "in the lowest".
An anonymous review in the March 1830 London University Magazine titled "The Inventions of William Blake, Paint and Poet", stated before discussing the poem: "let us continue to look over their notes, bright both with poetry and forms divine, which demonstrate an intimate knowledge of the passions and feelings of the human breast". After quoting the poem in full, the writer claimed, "If Blake had lived in Germany, by this time they would have had commentators of the highest order upon every one of their effusions; but here, so little attention is paid to works of the mind".
Ralph Vaughan Williams set the poem to music in their 1958 song cycle Ten Blake Songs. The poem was set to music in 1965 by Benjamin Britten as part of their song cycle Songs and Proverbs of William Blake.
Andrew Stauffer, in 2009, claimed that the poem is "Blake's best-known depiction of personal anger's destructive effects".
Notes
References
Bentley, G. E. (editor) William Blake: The Critical Heritage. London: Routledge, 1975.
Bentley, G. E. Jr. The Stranger From Paradise. New Haven: Yale University Press, 2003.
Damon, S. Foster. A Blake Dictionary. Hanover: University Press of New England, 1988.
Davis, Michael. William Blake: A New Kind of Man. University of California Press, 1977.
Gilchrist, Alexander. The Life of William Blake. London: John Lane Company, 1907.
Glen, Heather. Vision and Disenchantment: Blake's Songs and Wordsworth's Lyrical Ballads. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1983.
Peterfreund, Stuart. William Blake in a Newtonian World. Norman: University of Oklahoma Press, 1998.
Raine, Kathleen. Blake and Tradition. Vol. 2. London: Routledge, 2002.
Stauffer, Andrew. Anger, Revolution, and Romanticism. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2009.
Thompson, Edward. Witness Against the Beast: William Blake and the Moral Law. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1994.
External links
A comparison of extant versions of hand painted copies of "A Poison Tree" at the William Blake Archive
A Poison Tree plate from Facsimile of what is Believed to be the Last Replica of the Songs of Innocence and of Experience (1893)
Audio recording of "A Poison Tree"
Songs of Innocence and of Experience
1794 poems
.
Sikhism is the fifth most adhered to religion in New Zealand, with 0.88% of New Zealanders identifying themselves as Sikhs. Small numbers of Sikh immigrants from Punjab settled in New Zealand from the late 1800s. Large-scale Sikh immigration began after changes to immigration policies in the 1980s. The New Zealand Sikh Society was established in 1964 and first Sikh Gurdwara opened in 1977.
Sikh communities
The first identifiable Sikhs to arrive in New Zealand were two brothers - Phuman Singh and Bir Singh Gill from the Moga district of Punjab. Bir Singh was a herbalist who married and lived amongst the Māori on the North Island. A small wave of Sikhs arrived in New Zealand between 1890 and 1910; mostly immigrants from Punjab. Most Sikhs settled in Waikato, Auckland, Wellington, or Christchurch.
There is a significant history of many Sikhs being dairy farmers throughout New Zealand, many of them being great pioneers. The majority are in the Waikato region and have been there for many generations. Much hard work was undertaken in terms of clearing scrub and tea trees to convert to farmland in the early years. Embracing the Māori culture was also an important aspect. Many of these farmers are well respected within and outside the community for the significant contribution they have made.
With the Sikh community in New Zealand increasing, the New Zealand Sikh Society was developed in 1964, and the first gurdwara was built in Hamilton in 1977 and another in 1986 in Otahuhu. With the increasing number of Sikhs in New Zealand, an increasing number of gurdwaras have been established across the country.
The number of people affiliating with the Sikh religion more than tripled since 2006. In 2018 there were more than 40,000 Sikhs in New Zealand. There are around 150,000 Sikhs in London to the 40,000 Sikhs in New Zealand with 1.54% of London's population following the Sikh religion against New Zealand's 0.88%.
Gurdwaras
The New Zealand Central Sikh Association, a centralised representative Sikh body comprising 25 Gurdwaras and various other organisation from across New Zealand was officially formed on 18 September 2022 at the Sikh Library in Takanini. Daljit Singh and Pirthipal Singh Basra were unanimously elected as the first president and the first chairperson of the organisation respectively.
This is a list of Gurdwaras in New Zealand.
Notable Sikhs
Ish Sodhi – New Zealand national cricketer
Kanwal Singh Bakshi – National Party MP
Sukhi Turner – former mayor of Dunedin
See also
Religion in New Zealand
Sikh diaspora
Sikhism by country
Punjabi New Zealanders
References
Adamie Niviaxie (1925–?) was an Inuk sculptor.
Early life and education
They were born in 1925. They lived in Inukjuak, Nunavik, Quebec, Canada. Their father was a woodworker who built boats in Kuujjuarapik.
Career
Their sculptures are primarily animals carved in stone.
Their work is held in a variety of museums, including the British Museum, the University of Michigan Museum of Art, and the Museum of Anthropology at UBC.
References
People from Nunavik
20th-century Canadian sculptors
Inuit sculptors
1925 births
Year of death unknown
Artists from Quebec
Animal artists
Canadian male artists
Inuit from Quebec
20th-century Canadian male artists
The Tsunami UDP Protocol is a UDP-based protocol that was developed for high-speed file transfer over network paths that have a high bandwidth-delay product. Such protocols are needed because standard TCP does not perform well over paths with high bandwidth-delay products. Tsunami was developed at the Advanced Network Management Laboratory of Indiana University. Tsunami effects a file transfer by chunking the file into numbered blocks of 32 kilobytes. Communication between the client and server applications flows over a low bandwidth TCP connection, and the bulk data is transferred over UDP.
References
External links
Internet protocols
Transport layer protocols
Computer networking
Norman Bekkedahl (1903–1986) was Deputy Chief of the Polymers Division at the Institute for Materials Research of the National Bureau of Standards. Bekkedahl received the 1967 Charles Goodyear Medal for their work with the application of thermodynamics to natural rubber. In 1995, they were inducted into the International Rubber Science Hall of Fame.
Bekkedahl made one of the first investigations of the glass transition of rubber and wrote more than 40 technical articles on rubber. They studied chemical engineering at the University of Minnesota. They continued their studies at George Washington University and received their Ph.D. from the American University in Washington, DC. They worked at the American Sugar Beet Company, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the National Bureau of Standards (Polymers Division).
References
Polymer scientists and engineers
1903 births
1986 deaths
Frank Herbert Guttridge (12 April 1866 – 13 June 1918) was an English cricketer and footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County. They also played cricket for Nottinghamshire and Sussex, making a total of 107 first-class appearances between 1889 and 1904, during which they scored 2,190 runs and took 176 wickets.
Early career
Frank Guttridge was a footballer of some ability but was rather better known as a cricketer. They signed for Heanor Town in 1886. Notts County signed them in March 1888 as the 1887–1888 season was coming to a close.
Season 1888–89
Frank Guttridge, playing at full-back, made their League debut on 8 September 1888 at Anfield, the then home of Everton. Notts County lost to the home team 2–1. Note: No records indicate whether the Everton match was Guttridge' Notts County debut.
Frank Guttridge appeared in 17 of the 22 League matches played by Notts County in season 1888–89. As a full-back (15 appearances) they played in a Notts County defence that restricted the opposition to one–League–goal–in–a–match on three separate occasions.
After Notts County
Frank Guttridge was not retained for the 1889–1890 season and signed for local rivals Nottingham Forest and was on their books for five years. Guttridge returned to Notts County in 1894, who, by then, were in League Division 2 and made one (his last) League appearance during the 1894–1895 season. They left Notts County in 1895 and went to North-West England to play for Nelson. After they stopped playing football Guttridge was more involved in the administration of cricket, including being an umpire.
End of career
As stated Guttridge became a cricket umpire and seemed to have little involvement with football. They died on 13 June 1918, in their home town, Nottingham, aged 52.
References
1866 births
1918 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
Heanor Town F.C. players
Notts County F.C. players
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Nelson F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football defenders
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
Sussex cricketers
People from Nottingham
Johann David Hahn (9 July 1729–9 March 1784) was a German educator.
Born in Heidelberg, Germany, they relocated to the Netherlands to pursue medicine and philosophy at Leiden University. After graduating with their doctorate, they began teaching at Utrecht University, working as Professor of philosophy, astronomy, and experimental physics (1753-1775), and then Professor of botany of chemistry (1759-1775). They were elected as a member of the American Philosophical Society in 1770.
After their time at Utrecht, they returned to Leiden and served as Professor of medicine at Leiden University, where they remained for the rest of their life. Hahn wrote prolifically on chemistry and toxicology and held public experiments and lectures on experimental physics and astronomy. They corresponded with many of their contemporary natural philosophers, including Benjamin Waterhouse and Benjamin Franklin. After nearly a decade in Leiden, their health began to fail and they died.
References
1729 births
1784 deaths
German philosophers
Natural philosophers
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Park Kyung-hye ( born on 5 January 1993) is a South Korean actor. They made their acting debut in 2011 in films, since then, they have appeared in number of films and television series. They got recognition for their supporting roles in Guardian: The Lonely and Great God (2016), Touch Your Heart, Miss Lee (2019) and My Roommate Is a Gumiho (2021). They have acted in films such as: The Dude in Me (2019), Escape from Mogadishu (2021), and Limit (2022) among others.
Career
Park Kyung-hye is affiliated to artist management company Big Boss Entertainment. Park made their debut in film Ad Balloon in 2011, then they appeared in small roles in films. Them break through came in TV series in 2014. They appeared in Cunning Single Lady (2014), Guardian: The Lonely and Great God (2016), Heart Surgeons (2018) and Touch Your Heart (2019).
In July 2022, Park signed with C-JeS Entertainment.
Filmography
Films
Television series
References
External links
Park Kyung-hye on Daum
21st-century South Korean actores
South Korean film actores
South Korean television actores
Living people
1993 births
People from Seoul
Actresses from Seoul
The LAX Automated People Mover is an automated people mover (APM) system around the Los Angeles International Airport area, currently under construction for Los Angeles World Airports. To be operated by LAX Integrated Express Solutions, the LAX APM will run and will have six stations that connect the Los Angeles Metro Rail, a consolidated rental car center (CONRAC), and two intermodal transportation facilities (ITF) with the airport's central terminal area (CTA).
Service description
Route description
The LAX APM will run and will have six stations.
The APM will serve three stations in the central terminal area (CTA) each with footbridges with moving walkways to nearby terminals. The west station will connect to terminals 3, 4, and B (the Tom Bradley International Terminal), the [center station will connect to terminals 2, 5 and 6, and the east station will connect to terminals 1, 7 and 8.
Continuing to the east, the line will travel over Sepulveda Boulevard and skirt along the airfield where provisions have been made for a station to be added if a terminal 9 is built in the future.
At that point, the line turns to the north, crossing Century Boulevard to reach the LAX West Intermodal Transportation Facility (ITF), a large parking structure with a kiss and ride area and access to the LAX City Bus Center and nearby hotels.
From there, the route continues east along 96th Street, passing the line's maintenance yard and crossing over the Metro Rail tracks before arriving at the East ITF station which will offer access to the LAX/Metro Transit Center station when it opens in 2024 along with parking.
From there, trains travel a short distance to the east and enter the LAX Consolidated Rent-A-Car Facility (ConRAC), a massive parking structure that will house all of the major rental car companies that operate at LAX.
Hours and frequency
The APM is expected to operate 24 hours a day. During peak hours (9 a.m. to 11 p.m.) trains will arrive every two minutes. The line will have a ten-minute end-to-end travel time.
Rolling stock
The system's fleet will consist of 44 Innovia APM 300 vehicles built by Alstom (initially Bombardier Transportation). Each vehicle can accommodate up to 50 passengers and their luggage, with 12 seated and the rest standing. During peak periods, vehicles will operate in four-car trains, with nine trains on the line. Trains will operate with a top speed of and an average speed (including stops) of .
Station listing
The following is the complete list of stations, from west to east.
History
The Los Angeles International Airport has long struggled with gridlocked traffic on World Way, the main road that circles through the airport's central terminal area, that can often back up onto Century Boulevard, which connects the airport to Interstate 405.
Ahead of the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, a second level was added to World Way, sending vehicles dropping off departing passengers to the upper level and those picking up arriving passengers to the lower.
The relief was short lived, and by the 2000s, the airport had ranked as one of the nation's most congested and hardest to navigate. That led airport managers to spend over US$15 billion to modernize the airport, with an automated people mover (APM) being one of the major improvements. The project was given added urgency in 2017 when Los Angeles was awarded its bid to host the 2028 Summer Olympics.
After receiving three bids, Los Angeles World Airports announced it had chosen LAX Integrated Express Solutions (LINXS) to design, build, finance, operate and maintain the APM for a period of 25 years. LINXS is a joint venture, public–private partnership of ACS, Alstom, Balfour Beatty, Fluor and Hochtief, with assistance from HDR and Flatiron West. The US$4.9 billion project was approved by the Los Angeles City Council on April 11, 2018.
Beyond the construction of the APM guideway and stations, LAX has also planned several projects that will enable or connect to the APM.
New vertical cores will be built near each terminal, enabling vertical movement of passengers with elevators and escalators, as well as pedestrian bridges over World Way with moving walkways to connect terminals to stations. LAX is building cores between terminals 5 and 6, at terminals 7 and at terminal B (the Tom Bradley International Terminal) at a cost of $490 million. New cores were also included in larger renovation projects at terminals 1, 2, 3 and 4.
The APM will also connect to the LAX West Intermodal Transportation Facility, a US$294.1 million, 4,300 space parking structure with a lot to pickup and drop off passengers and areas for shuttle buses, and the LAX Consolidated Rent-A-Car Facility (ConRAC), a massive parking structure that will house all of the major rental car companies that operate at LAX in one location located adjacent to Interstate 405.
All together, these projects are called the Landside Access Modernization Program and are expected to cost a total of US$5.5 billion.
In 2018, 2,100 parking spaces in lot C were removed to reconfigure the area for the West ITF. Utility relocation started in the second quarter of 2018. The guideway started construction in spring 2019.
Construction on the West ITF began in summer of 2019. The CONRAC broke ground in September 2019. The first large concrete pour for the APM occurred in September 2020 at the West ITF station.
The West ITF opened to the public on October 19, 2021, and will temporarily use buses to transport customers between the airport and the facility.
Construction on the of two-track elevated guideway began in November 2019 with the first underground support columns being placed, the first concrete for the columns was poured in January 2020, the first concrete for the guideway was poured in September 2020. The entire guideway was completed in May 2022 with after a total of 69,700-cubic yards of concrete poured and one million work hours were completed.
Gallery
References
External links
Automated People Mover – LAWA
LAX Integrated Express Solutions (LINXS)
Airport people mover systems in the United States
Automated People Mover
Transportation in Los Angeles
2023 in rail transport
Proposed railway lines in California
Gloria de Herrera (April 26, 1929 – June 24, 1985) was an American art restorer and collector based in France, associated particularly with Henri Matisse.
Early life and education
Gloria Claire de Herrera was born in Los Angeles, California; their mother was named Mildred de Herrera. As a teenager interested in art, they met gallery owner Barbara Byrnes and their husband, curator James Byrnes. Mr. Byrnes offered de Herrera a secretarial job; they learned conservation techniques while working at Los Angeles County Museum of History, Science, and Art.
Career
While they were a young art conservator in Los Angeles, they became acquainted with artist Man Ray and art dealer William Nelson Copley. They were romantically involved with Copley. They moved to Paris along with Copley, Man Ray, and their wife Juliette, in 1951, and lived in France for the rest of their life.
In Paris, they worked as an art restorer under Maurice LeFebvre-Foinet. It was through that job that they became important to the later works of Henri Matisse, assembling their colorful paper collages with their own glue recipe to hold them firmly in place.
Suspected of harboring Algerian Independence movement members in their apartment, Gloria de Herrera was arrested and spent two months in jail. They were exiled from France for several years. They returned to stay in 1968, but their Paris connections were lost, and they moved to the Dordogne region in 1973. While there they were part of the conservation effort at the Lascaux Caves, reproducing the endangered Cro-Magnon paintings at the site; their versions were displayed at the museum in Lascaux.
Legacy
Gloria de Herrera died in June 1985 in Brive-la-Gaillarde, from throat cancer. They were 56 years old. Them papers are at the Getty Research Institute, and they include audio recordings of an interview with de Herrera, conducted by James Byrnes in 1983.
References
Other Resources
Gloria de Herrera papers, Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles, Accession No. 980024. The papers include correspondence, documents, artworks, photographs, and audiovisual materials documenting De Herrera's milieu and activities.
1929 births
1985 deaths
20th-century American women artists
20th-century American people
Impression is a desktop publishing application for systems. It was developed by Computer Concepts and initially made available in pre-release form during 1989, having been demonstrated in February 1989 at the Which? Computer Show and subsequently announced as being available from June 1989. The "completed" version was eventually delivered on 18th January 1990.
Originally, the application appears to have been developed for Acorn's then-current operating system, Arthur, as a ROM-based product, but due to dissatisfaction with the state of Arthur during early development of the application, it was then meant to use Computer Concepts' own operating system, Impulse, instead. (Publicity images for the software depict a different operating environment to RISC OS.)
Product range and history
Impression II and Junior
Impression II, an improved version of the product, was released in 1990 alongside Impression Junior, a cut-down version of Impression II priced at £103, compared to the £194 price of the "senior" product. Given a degree of instability in early versions of Impression, Computer Concepts had promised a free upgrade to Impression version 1.1 to existing users. Ultimately, the further development of the software led to a more significant release incorporating several enhancements, and this Impression II release was offered as a free upgrade instead. Enhancements included improved frame selection and manipulation controls, repeating frames for headers and footers, and "instant" in-place rotation of vector and bitmap graphics. Impression II was featured in the Acorn Publishing System: a bundle featuring an Archimedes 540 computer, Impression II software, SVGA-capable monitor, 120 MB hard drive, 256-greyscale flatbed scanner (Computer Concepts' ScanLight Professional), and direct-drive Canon laser printer (Computer Concepts' LaserDirect HiRes8) for a suggested retail price of £4995 plus VAT.
Impression Junior was introduced to compete with word processors on the RISC OS platform such as Pipedream and First Word Plus, both considered "fundamentally character mode programs" with some graphical support. Certain layout features were preserved from the "senior" product such as the use of frames, but "master pages" (a form of templates) and the style mechanism were omitted (or "simplified"), emphasising traditional effect-based styling of text instead. As with Impression, documents could be printed in a form accurately portraying their on-screen appearance, making use of outline fonts and the font manager, but for rapid output the draft and near-letter quality modes of printers could be used instead. One noted omission was a convenient mailmerge function, although conventional word processing features such as automatic contents and index generation were also omitted from the product. Impression Junior was the basis of the word processor component of Acorn Advance: an integrated office suite "similar in concept to Claris Works or Microsoft Works".
Mailmerge functionality was featured in the Impression Business Supplement product, introduced in 1991 for Impression 2.10 at a price of £57.57, which also provided support for four-colour separations, the ExpressionPS tool for the processing of PostScript for typesetting purposes, and a selection of file format loaders. However, these mailmerge capabilities were regarded as somewhat inferior to that provided by the variant of Impression Junior featured in Acorn's Advance integrated office suite.
In 1997, Impression Junior was made available as a free download from Computer Concepts' Web site, having been replaced in the company's product range by Impression Style in December 1993. The download was perceived as a way of evaluating the Impression family of products for potential purchasers of Impression Style and Publisher.
Impression Publisher and Style
In 1993, Computer Concepts revamped the Impression product line, creating Impression Publisher as the successor to Impression II and Impression Style as the successor to Impression Junior. Impression Publisher added various features aimed more at professional use to the core product, such as CMYK colour separations and crop marks, alongside other enhancements. Impression Style built on feedback from existing users and on work done on Impression Junior to produce the word processor component of Acorn Advance.
Both Impression Publisher and Style supported "object linking and embedding" (OLE) and 24-bit colour, and were offered as upgrades to existing users of Impression II and Junior respectively at the same price of £29 plus VAT. Impression Publisher was also bundled with the separate Equasor and TableMate tools to take advantage of the OLE support, as was Impression Style, with the inclusion of Equasor being regarded as welcome but not as comprehensive as the mathematical typography support of Icon Technology's TechWriter (its principal competitor in this regard), and with TableMate seeking to augment the elementary table editing functionality in the Impression series, being regarded as a "delightful little utility" that was somewhat less flexible than the table support of other word processors (such as Colton Software's Wordz) but "hugely preferable" to the established, "cumbersome" construction of tables using horizontal and vertical rules.
A significant enhancement to Impression Publisher not present in Impression Style was support for irregular frames, albeit only for frames containing graphics, not text. This kind of frame was able to repel text in text frames, thus removing the need for various workarounds that would otherwise be employed to cause text to be wrapped around other areas of a page. Such frames could have non-rectangular outlines involving additional points or nodes, and they could be rotated and scaled, but the irregular frame edge could only consist of straight line sections, not curves, and controls were not provided for precise positioning of outline points. Support for irregular text frames was stated as planned for subsequent versions.
Computer Concepts and the other vendors involved in providing the component applications of Acorn Advance - Clares and Iota - offered a Musketeer pack featuring Impression Style and the other "full-featured" versions of the Advance applications - Schema 2 and Datapower - as a form of upgrade for Advance users costing £249 plus VAT instead of the combined £385 plus VAT cost of the separate packages. (Curiously, Schema was originally developed by Acorn but transferred to Clares Micro Supplies as a consequence of a decision by Acorn to stop developing applications software itself.)
An enhanced Impression Publisher Plus product became available in 1994, adding support for various professional publishing features such as Open Pre-Press Interface (OPI) for the substitution of high resolution images when typesetting, Encapsulated PostScript (EPS) and Desktop Colour Separation (DCS), along with other enhancements such as a new colour selection tool supporting spot, process and tint colour handling. The price of Publisher Plus was £299 plus VAT, with an upgrade from Publisher costing £130 plus VAT, with the additional features producing a product with "Quark-like facilities at a substantially lower price". The other enhancements were regarded as "nice extra touches", although a "proper" undo option was still absent, and other noted frustrations with Publisher's user interface remained. A 32-bit conversion and improvement project initiated in 2003 was named Impression-X.
Impact
Impression II was adopted as part of the solution employed by Acorn User magazine as "the first newstrade magazine to 'go live' with Archimedes-based DTP", having already produced editorial supplements using software running on the Archimedes platform. Computer Concepts LaserDirect and Integrex ColourCel printers were used alongside A440, and subsequently A540, computers. The experiences from this adoption exercise were apparently fed back to Acorn and Computer Concepts to inform further product refinements, with the editorial team stating a belief that a similar solution marketed as a product would be "a serious alternative to Apple Macintosh and PC-based systems" in the broader desktop publishing market. Acorn User reverted to using the Macintosh platform when the title was acquired by Europress, this mostly due to working practices at its new owner, with any "weaknesses" in Impression II said to be mostly resolved by the introduction of Impression Publisher and accompanying OPI functionality. However, a renewed effort saw complete issues of Acorn User once again produced using Acorn-based technology in 1995, starting with a redesign exercise in December 1994 and gradually moving to a Risc PC-based solution employing Impression Publisher Plus.
Other professional users adopted Impression II and direct-drive printing hardware on the Acorn platform. For example, the Journal of Physiology, published through Cambridge University Press by the Physiological Society at Cambridge University, employed A540 and A5000 machines augmented with State Machine graphics cards in conjunction with Calligraph TQ1200 printers, with these peripherals being general competitors with Computer Concepts' own ColourCard and LaserDirect products, although the TQ1200 as an A3 printer had no direct competitor from Computer Concepts' own range.
The software was one of two packages recommended for use in primary teaching in the 1996 book Opportunities for English in the Primary School. It has been considered one of the most important applications in the history of the platform.
Development
Impression was originally developed concurrently with Computer Concepts' own operating system, Impulse, during the period when Arthur was the operating system delivered with Archimedes series machines, with Computer Concepts looking to offer Impulse as a replacement. During this period, only three developers worked on Impression while "everyone else [in the company] was working on Impulse". This operating system was never delivered, but Acorn perceived it as enough of a threat that pre-releases of RISC OS - Acorn's successor to Arthur - were apparently withheld from the Impression developers for competitive reasons. Later, having been invited to collaborate on the Advance integrated suite with Acorn, various visual aspects of Computer Concepts' products, notably the "3D box style", were adopted as part of Acorn's own visual style for RISC OS 3. The software itself was written using the BBC Basic assembler, assembled in pieces and linked using a dedicated linker.
A project to produce a fully 32-bit compliant version (compatible with the Iyonix PC and later ARM hardware) was announced by X-Ample Technology in 2003. This was named Impression-X. In 2004 it was explained that the process of 32-bitting was being complicated partly because of "the massive number of optimisation and 'tricks' Computer Concepts used". In 2005, Drobe editor Chris Williams suggested handing the project over to another party to complete. After only another 10 years, Impression-X was released in May 2015, and is now available from the PlingStore.
Features
A document loader for Impression files was included with the 2.60 release of desktop publishing application Ovation Pro in 2000.
The software was copy protected via a dongle. However, the reliance on a dongle could be removed from Impression II (and ArtWorks) with a personalised version of the software issued on Computer Concepts' receipt of the dongle and an associated upgrade fee. The personalised version used various identifying characteristics of particular computer models and was only offered, at least initially, for A5000, A4, A3010, A3020 and A4000 owners.
References
RISC OS software
Proprietary software
Olethreutes orthocosma is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China, Korea, Japan, Taiwan and the Russian Far East.
The wingspan is 13.0–15.5 mm.
The larvae are probably omnivorous.
References
Moths described in 1931
Olethreutini
Moths of Japan
Charles Henry Weeks "Chick" Manlove (October 8, 1862 – February 12, 1952) was a 19th-century Major League Baseball player born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They played a total of five games in their career, collecting three hits in 17 at bats for a .176 career batting average.
Charlie died in Altoona, Pennsylvania, at the age of 89 of cerebral thrombosis, and is interred at Oakridge Cemetery.
References
External links
1862 births
1952 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Baseball players from Philadelphia
Major League Baseball catchers
Altoona Mountain Citys players
New York Gothams players
Reading Actives players
Altoona (minor league baseball) players
Altoona Mountain Cities players
Altoona Mountaineers players
Burials in Pennsylvania
WOW Gospel Essentials 2 is the best of gospel music collection including some of the biggest hits of the modern era. The album has twelve songs on a single CD. It peaked at tenth place on Billboard's Top Gospel Albums chart in 2009, and at 74 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Track listing
References
2009 compilation albums
Gospel compilation albums
Daloni Metcalfe is a Welsh television and radio presenter (born 9 February 1968), currently presenting the Ffermio and Fferm Ffactor series on S4C.
Early life
Daloni's family were farmers breeding cattle and sheep on a small holding in the parish of Llanrhychwyn in the Conwy Valley. In their youth, they were a member of Llanrwst Young Farmers' Club. They graduated from the University of Wales Aberystwyth.
Broadcasting career
Daloni's first job with BBC Wales, in 1989, saw them in Dyffryn Conwy presenting at the National Eisteddfod. They expanded into other areas including presenting for Heno and Wedi 7 and presenting the news for S4C, for whom they also annually presents the Royal Welsh Show. They joined the Ffermio team in January 2005, and began presenting a new series - Fferm Ffactor in 2009.
Personal life
Daloni farms with their husband Wil and their five children in Tudweiliog on the Llyn Peninsula where they breed sheep and commercial cattle. Daloni themselves has recently begun breeding Aberdeen Angus calves.
References
1968 births
Living people
Welsh-language television presenters
People from Conwy
Welsh radio presenters
Welsh television presenters
Sypharochiton pelliserpentis is a species of chiton in the family Chitonidae. As the species name suggests, the surface of the girdle in this chiton has a pattern of overlaying scales resembling snakeskin.
Distribution
The snakeskin chiton, Sypharochiton pelliserpentis, has a country-wide distribution around New Zealand – including the Chatham Islands, and is also distributed around the coasts of Tasmania, Victoria and New South Wales in Australia. S. pelliserpentis is often extremely numerous on New Zealand shores, reaching densities of up to 228 individuals per square metre, and it has been shown to occupy a wide range of shore levels wherever there is a solid substrate available – from inner estuaries to high energy surf beaches. Generally it is located on rock surfaces rather than under stones, and is often found above neap high watermark.
Description
S. pelliserpentis can be distinguished from its sister taxa Sypharochiton sinclairi by a lack of longitudinal striping on the valves, a more olive colour (rather than turquoise for S. sinclairi) and by radula length. S. sinclairi also occupies a different station, with S. pelliserpentis generally found on top of rocks above mid tide while S. sinclari is generally located under stones and in rock pools over the lower tidal and sub-tidal region.
References
Chitonidae
Chitons described in 1835
Babarobot (, meaning fembot), is a concept album by the Russian ska punk band, Leningrad, presented as a playful radio drama. The first track includes the other twelve songs of the album (Gelendzhik is repeated) with dialogue between.
Story
Graduates from the Technical Training College are sent to a factory. The factory worker, Vladimir, tells them about the factory. Further along, they meet an old school friend, Borya. They tell them about their new invention, Babarobots, which are robot women.
Track listing
"Бабаробот" - 30:16
"Караоке" - Karaoke – 1:54
"Наш завод" - Nash zavod - (Our Factory) – 1:49
"Мы идём" - My idyom - (We walk) – 1:44
"Бабаробот" - Babarobot - (Fembot) – 1:53
"Теперь я бабаробот" - Teper ya babarobot - (Now I'm a Fembot) – 1:34
"Мачи" - Machi - (Machos) – 3:03
"Всё хорошо" - Vsyo khorosho - (Everything is Good) – 2:38
"Кому легко" - Komu legko - (Whom Is It Easy For?) – 2:29
"Роботы ебоботы" - Roboty yeboboty - (Robots Fucking Robots) – 2:27
"Ария робота" - Ariya robota - (Aria of a Robot) – 1:50
"Геленджик" - Gelendzhik (a city in southern Russia) - 3:10
"Алые паруса" - Alye parusa - (Scarlet Sails) – 2:11
References
http://www.gif.ru/texts/babarobot/city_876/fah_941/
http://www.shnur.de/pressa/381.htm
http://www.rol.ru/news/art/music/04/06/05_001.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20070815164546/http://sqd.ru/music/rock/babarobot_ili_kak_nuzhno_delat_saundtreki
2004 albums
Concept albums
Leningrad (band) albums
Vasilios Soulis (; born 7 December 1994) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League club PAS Giannina.
References
1994 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Panachaiki F.C. players
Platanias F.C. players
PAS Giannina F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Patras
Cornell Holloway (born January 30, 1966) is a former American football defensive back. They played for the Indianapolis Colts from 1990 to 1992.
References
1966 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Pittsburgh Panthers football players
Indianapolis Colts players
The Odyssey 30 is a Canadian sailboat, that was designed by George Cuthbertson of C&C Design and first built in 1987.
The design is often confused with a different boat with the same name, the Carl Alberg designed 1960 Odyssey 30.
Production
The Odyssey 30 came about after the owner of the Aloha Yachts brand and owner of the Ouyang Boat Works in Canada, Ti Ouyang, lost control of the Aloha company and formed a new company to produce the Odyssey boats. The Odyssey 30 is now out of production.
Design
The Odyssey 30 is a small recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fibreglass, with wood trim. It has a fractional sloop rig, an internally-mounted spade-type rudder and a fixed fin keel. It displaces .
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel and is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar 2GM diesel engine.
The boat has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
Similar sailboats
Aloha 30
Catalina 30
Catalina 309
C&C 30
CS 30
J/30
Hunter 30-2
Hunter 306
Mirage 30
References
External links
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by George Cuthbertson
Sailboat types built by Ouyang Boat Works
Murray Wayne Creed (born 5 March 1979) is a South African cricketer. Creed is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm fast-medium. They were born in Port Elizabeth, Cape Province.
Biography
Creed made their first-class debut for Eastern Province B against North West in the 1997/98 season. Creed also played first-class cricket for the main Eastern Province team, playing 14 first-class matches for them from the 1998/99-2000/01 seasons, to add to the 4 they played for the B team in the 1997/98/1998/99 seasons. Additionally, they played a single first-class match for a Border and Eastern Province Combined XI and 3 matches for the South Africa Academy. In total they played 22 first-class matches, with their final one coming for Eastern Province against Free State in March 2001. In their 22 career first-class matches, they scored 728 runs at a batting average of 25.10, with 3 half centuries and a high score of 72, while in the field they took 9 catches. With the ball they took 18 wickets at a bowling average of 49.38, with best figures of 4/30.
It was for Eastern Province that they made their debut in List A cricket during the 1998/99 Standard Bank League against Border. From the 1998/99 season to the 2000/01 season, they represented the Province in 30 List A match, the last of which came against KwaZulu-Natal in February 2001. In their 30 matches for the Province, they scored 383 runs at an average of 17.40, with a high score of 47, while in the field they took 6 catches. With the ball they took 9 wickets at an average of 39.33, with best figures of 2/22.
They later represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in 3 List A match. These against Bedfordshire in the 1st round of the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy, Oxfordshire in the 1st round of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002 and Cumberland in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002. In their 3 matches for the Board, they scored 129 runs at an average of 43.00, with a single half century high score of 77.
References
External links
Murray Creed at Cricinfo
Murray Creed at CricketArchive
1979 births
Living people
Cricketers from Port Elizabeth
South African cricketers
Eastern Province cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
Michael John Cosgrove (born February 17, 1951) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher with the Houston Astros from 1972 to 1976. Cosgrove was used primarily as a left-handed relief pitcher. Their best seasons came in 1974 and 1975. In '74 they were 7-3 with a 3.50 ERA and 2 saves in 90 innings pitched. For '75 Cosgrove went 1-2 with a 3.03 ERA and recorded 5 saves in 71.1 innings pitched.
Baseball Draft
Cosgrove graduated from high school in 1969 from Bourgade Catholic High School in Phoenix, Arizona and was the 16th round pick (374th overall) of the Cincinnati Reds of the 1969 June Baseball draft. They declined and went to Phoenix College. They were then drafted in the January 1970 secondary Baseball draft in the 2nd round (38th overall) by the Houston Astros and assigned to play for the Cocoa Astros of the Florida State League.
External links
, or Retrosheet
1951 births
Living people
Baseball players from Phoenix, Arizona
Charleston Charlies players
Cocoa Astros players
Columbus Astros players
Houston Astros players
Iowa Oaks players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Orlando Juice players
Phoenix Bears baseball players
Phoenix College alumni
Zarzetka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Zarzetka
Ortageçit, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Berthold of Garsten, O.S.B., also known as Berthold de Rachez ( 1060 – 27 July 1142), was a German Roman Catholic priest and a monk of the Order of Saint Benedict. They were a noted abbot of a major monastic house in the region, and is revered for the holiness of their life by the Catholic Church.
Life
Berthold is believed to have been descended from the house of the Counts of Bogen, who traditionally also held the office of Advocatus (Domvogt) of the Regensburg Cathedral. They became a monk at St. Blaise's Abbey in the Black Forest, according to one tradition as a widower. In 1107 they were appointed prior of Göttweig Abbey.
The following year, Margrave Ottokar II of Styria entrusted Berthold with the development of Garsten Abbey, which Ottokar had founded in 1080 but was in the process of transforming from a community of secular canons to a monastic one, living under the Rule of Saint Benedict. Initially under the rule of Göttweig Abbey, the new community was declared independent and Berthold was installed as the new community's first abbot in 1111. In this post they distinguished themselves by their piety, kindness to all who approached them for help or counsel, devotion to their pastoral duties and organizational talent. They introduced the Hirsau Reforms of monastic life into Austria.
Berthold died on 27 July 1142 and is buried at Garsten Abbey.
Veneration
Berthold was beatified in 1970 by Pope Paul VI. Their feast day is celebrated by the Diocese of Linz as well as the Diocese of St. Pölten and the Archdiocese of Salzburg on 27 July.
References
Lenzenweger, J., 1958. Berthold von Garsten (with the Vita Bertholdi)
External links
Hagiography Circle
Saints SQPN
1060s births
1142 deaths
People from the Duchy of Bavaria
German Benedictines
Austrian Benedictines
Austrian abbots
Benedictine abbots
12th-century Roman Catholic priests
Beatifications by Pope Paul VI
German beatified people
Austrian beatified people
Venerated Catholics
Benedictine beatified people
Mario Antonio Andino Gómez was a Salvadoran politician who the vice president of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of El Salvador (CCIES) and a member of the Revolutionary Government Junta of El Salvador from 1979 to 1980.
References
People from San Salvador
Salvadoran politicians
People of the Salvadoran Civil War
Scott Berry (born December 23, 1948 in Deadwood, South Dakota) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics.
References
1948 births
Living people
American male ski jumpers
People from Deadwood, South Dakota
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
The UK miners' strike of 1969 was an unofficial strike that involved 140 of the 307 collieries owned by the National Coal Board, including all collieries in the Yorkshire area. The strike began on 13 October 1969 and lasted for roughly two weeks, with some pits returning to work before others. The NCB lost £15 million and 2.5 million tonnes of coal as a result of the strike.
Context
At the time of the strike, wage negotiations were underway between the NCB and the National Union of Mineworkers. Although that was not the cause of the dispute, it became essential to the settlement of the dispute. In the 1960s, employment in coal mining had fallen by almost 400,000 with little resistance from the NUM leadership, but the left wing of the union was becoming stronger and drawing strength from the students' protests. When miners staged a protest in London to support their wage claim, many Londoners were surprised that there were still coal mines operating in Britain. The NUM leadership of Sidney Ford was regarded by many within the union as having been too passive and accommodating of a Labour government.
Cause
The cause was the hours of work for surface workers, who were often older mineworkers who were no longer capable of working underground. Wages were lower, and working hours were longer for surface work than for underground work. The annual conference of the NUM had voted in July 1968 to demand the surface workers' hours be lowered to seven and three-quarters, but the union's executive had not acted upon the vote.
Sequence of events
On 11 October, Arthur Scargill led a group of Yorkshire mineworkers in pushing for action at the Yorkshire NUM's area council. The president of the Yorkshire NUM, Sam Bullogh, was unwell at the time and ruled Scargill "out of order". The area council's delegates responded by voting Bullogh out of the chair and voted for a strike by a margin of 85 votes to 3.
Within 48 hours, all 70,000 mineworkers in Yorkshire were on strike. In other militant coalfields, such as Kent, South Wales and Scotland, walkouts followed shortly afterwards. The coalfields of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire were more conservative and became targeted by pickets from Yorkshire when they did not respond to the strike call. That has been identified as the first widespread use of flying pickets.
Most of North Derbyshire was picketed out, but only five pits in Nottinghamshire were picketed out by the week ending on 24 October 1969. Nottinghamshire NUM officials complained of "hooliganism" from the flying pickets and called for a police presence.
The clashes were later highlighted as a foreboding of the aggressive picketing during the 1984-5 strike.
Many of those on unofficial strike began to make demands for change in the leadership of the NUM, and they set up strike committees to bypass the official union bodies. The union had avoided making demands of Labour governments since the Second World War, and it had been largely inactive during a period of widespread pit closures under the first Wilson government.
A group of housewives in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire refused to undertake any housework until their husbands returned to work.
The Chair of the NCB, former Labour MP Alf Robens, proposed to resolve the dispute by conceding the wage claim of 27 shillings and 6 pence (£1.375) per week. Vic Feather, the TUC general secretary, negotiated a return to work on the basis of the salary increase proposed by Robens but with the issue of working hours for surface workers unchanged pending future negotiations.
The NUM held a ballot that treated the wage offer and the deferment of the surface workers' issues as one package to be accepted: mineworkers were not given the option to accept the former but reject the latter. The package was accepted by 237,462 votes to 41,322. The Yorkshire Area of the NUM recommended that the offer be rejected, but Yorkshire mineworkers voted to accept by 37,597 (72.3%) to 14,373 (27.6%).
The Wilberforce Inquiry, which followed an official strike 1972, concluded that the mineworkers in the late 1960s had been overworked and underpaid under the National Power Loading Agreement of the first Wilson government.
Impact on NUM
The strike was seen by some as a turning point after which the NUM took a more militant approach, especially in the Yorkshire area, where many of the officials were voted out and replaced with left-wingers. In their study of the Yorkshire NUM, Andrew Taylor gives five reasons why the Yorkshire area aligned itself with the militant areas of Kent, Scotland and South Wales during the 1960s:
As a large region, Yorkshire had always had some militant areas (e.g. around Doncaster) but also areas that were opposed to militancy. The militant elements became more prominent in the late 1960s when the moderate leadership of the NUM had failed to win concessions from the first Wilson government.
Pit closures in Yorkshire had been rare before the mid-1960s. They had a large psychological impact once they began.
The National Coal Board reorganised its regions in the year 1966-7 so that Yorkshire was split into four administrative areas. As the NUM kept the structure of one area for Yorkshire, a panel system developed for negotiation with the NCB, which gave greater opportunities for militant pits in certain districts to go against the NUM leadership.
Under the National Power Loading Agreement, wages no longer varied from colliery to colliery so mineworkers were more likely to find a common cause to strike when there was discontent over pay.
The area leaders in Yorkshire misjudged the mood of the mineworkers and failed to anticipate the disillusionment with the national leadership.
The action led to discussions on the NUM's threshold of a two-thirds majority for a national strike. Many argued that it was too high and that the 1969 action could have been handled better otherwise. There were further unofficial strikes in the militant collieries in 1970 after a ballot for national action achieved a majority for action of 55%, which was too low for the strike to be authorised. In 1971, the threshold for a majority for strike action was reduced to 55%.
The strike was the first time that Scargill gained attention beyond their activities at Woolley Colliery, where they had previously organised a local strike in spring 1960 over the day that union meetings were held. They nicknamed the strike as "the October revolution" (referencing the Soviet historical event of the same name) and said in 1975, "'69 was responsible for producing all the victories that were to come".
Scargill went on to play a key role in the 1972 strike, especially through organisation of the Battle of Saltley Gate and to lead the union through the UK miners' strike (1984-85).
References
1969 labor disputes and strikes
Miners' strike
Labour disputes in the United Kingdom
Miners' labor disputes
History of mining in the United Kingdom
National Union of Mineworkers (Great Britain)
Protests in the United Kingdom
Miners' strike
History of coal mining
Energy history of the United Kingdom
Andrew Foster Altschul is an American fiction writer.  They are the author of the novels Deus Ex Machina, Lady Lazarus, and The Gringa and their short fiction and essays have been published in Esquire, McSweeney's, Ploughshares, Fence, and One Story. Their short story "Embarazada" was selected for Best American Nonrequired Reading 2014 and their short story "A New Kind of Gravity" was anthologized in both Best New American Voices 2006 and the O.Henry Prize Stories 2007.
Altschul received their BA from Brown University in 1991 and an MFA at UC Irvine in 1997. Altschul was a Wallace Stegner Fellow at Stanford University and then a Jones Lecturer in the Stanford Creative Writing Department.
From 2009-2015, they were an associate professor at San Jose State University and the director of their Center for Literary Arts.
In 2016, with Mark Slouka, Altschul co-authored Writers On Trump, an open letter opposing the candidacy of Donald Trump for President that was signed by nearly 500 writers, including ten winners of the Pulitzer Prize. They have written for political venues including The Huffington Post and Truthdig, was a contributing author of Where to Invade Next (McSweeney's, 2008), and was the co-organizer of the Progressive Reading Series, a series of literary readings in San Francisco that raised money for progressive political candidates from 2004-2008. From 2008-2011 they were the founding books editor of The Rumpus, an online magazine started by Stephen Elliott in late 2008. They remain a contributing editor to The Rumpus, as well as to the literary journal Zyzzyva.
Altschul currently teaches at Colorado State University.
 They are married to The New Yorker journalist and fiction writer Vauhini Vara.
References
21st-century American novelists
Living people
Writers from San Francisco
Stegner Fellows
Year of birth missing (living people)
American male novelists
21st-century American male writers
Brown University alumni
University of California, Irvine alumni
Mohd Afif bin Amiruddin (born 22 March 1984) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a defender for Pahang in the Malaysia Super League.
Club career
Afif has also played for Kedah FA (where they have played Malaysia Super League and AFC Cup matches) and Kelantan.
They made their debut for the Malaysia national football team in a friendly against Indonesia on 14 September 2014.
International appearances
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Club
PDRM
Malaysia Premier League: 2014
International
Malaysia
AFF Suzuki Cup: Runner-up 2014
References
External links
Profile at PDRM FA official website
Profile at ifball.com
Afif Amiruddin bukti diri aset berharga PDRM (Video at astroawani.com)
1984 births
Living people
Malaysian footballers
Malaysia international footballers
Kelantan FA players
Kedah Darul Aman F.C. players
PDRM FA players
Sime Darby F.C. players
People from Kota Bharu
People from Kelantan
Malaysia Super League players
Association football defenders
Malaysian people of Malay descent
The 2016 Ricoh Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts. It was the 27th edition of the Rosmalen Grass Court Championships, and part of the 250 Series of the 2016 ATP World Tour, and of the WTA International tournaments of the 2016 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Autotron park in Rosmalen, 's-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands, from 6 June through 12 June 2016. Nicolas Mahut and CoCo Vandeweghe won the singles titles.
ATP singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of May 23, 2016.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
Stefan Kozlov
Nicolas Mahut
Igor Sijsling
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Ernesto Escobedo
Lukáš Lacko
Daniil Medvedev
Dennis Novikov
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Pablo Carreño Busta →replaced by David Ferrer
Alexandr Dolgopolov →replaced by Rajeev Ram
Richard Gasquet →replaced by Ivan Dodig
David Goffin →replaced by Adrian Mannarino
João Sousa →replaced by Dudi Sela
Fernando Verdasco →replaced by Horacio Zeballos
Alexander Zverev →replaced by Benjamin Becker
ATP doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of May 23, 2016.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Guillermo García López / Robin Haase
Matt Reid / Bernard Tomic
Withdrawals
During the tournament
Ivan Dodig (illness)
WTA singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of May 23, 2016.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
Indy de Vroome
Dalma Gálfi
Richèl Hogenkamp
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Viktorija Golubic
Eri Hozumi
Jovana Jakšić
Irina Khromacheva
Elise Mertens
Risa Ozaki
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Aleksandra Krunić
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Tímea Babos → replaced by Mirjana Lučić-Baroni
Annika Beck → replaced by Aleksandra Krunić
Camila Giorgi → replaced by Kateryna Kozlova
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova → replaced by Polona Hercog
Barbora Strýcová → replaced by Yaroslava Shvedova
WTA doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of May 23, 2016.
Champions
Men's singles
Nicolas Mahut def. Gilles Müller, 6–4, 6–4
Women's singles
CoCo Vandeweghe def. Kristina Mladenovic 7–5, 7–5
Men's doubles
Mate Pavić / Michael Venus def. Dominic Inglot / Raven Klaasen, 3–6, 6–3, [11–9]
Women's doubles
Oksana Kalashnikova / Yaroslava Shvedova def. Xenia Knoll / Aleksandra Krunić, 6–1, 6–1
References
External links
Ricoh Open
Ricoh Open
Ricoh Open
Rosmalen Grass Court Championships
Tiere (or Tièrè) is a village and seat of the commune of Diouradougou Kafo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village lies 80 km south of Koutiala.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Holly Grove is an unincorporated community in Gates County, North Carolina, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Gates County, North Carolina
Unincorporated communities in North Carolina
Çeltikçi is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Vrhovlje pri Kojskem () is a settlement north of Kojsko in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name
The name of the settlement was changed from Vrhovlje to Vrhovlje pri Kojskem in 1953. The settlement is also known as Vrhuje in the local dialect and humorously as Slepo Vrhovlje (literally, 'blind Vrhovlje'), in contrast to nearby Vrhovlje pri Kožbani ('deaf Vrhovlje').
Church
The local church is dedicated to Mary Help of Christians and belongs to the Parish of Šmartno.
Notable people
Notable people that were born or lived in Vrhovlje pri Kojskem include:
Ivan Kovačič (1873–1936), writer and folk poet
References
External links
Vrhovlje pri Kojskem on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Brda
Shantinatha Shiva Temple is a nava-ratna temple, built in 1828 at Mitrasenpur, Chandrakona in Ghatal subdivision of Paschim Medinipur district in West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Shantinatha Shiva temple is located at .
The temple
David J. McCutchion says that the lower structure of the pinnacled or ratna design is a rectangular box with a curved cornice. The roof follows the curvature of the cornice, and “is surmounted by one or more towers or pinnacles called ratna (jewel). The simplest form has a single central tower (eka-ratna), to which may be added four more at the corners (pancha-ratna)”. By increasing the towers or pinnacles to nine (nava-ratna), thirteen, seventeen and twentyone up to a maximum of twentyfive. The ratna style came up in the 15th-16th century. The earliest nava-ratna temples in Midnapore were probably in the Sabang area in the early 18th century. McCutchion classifies the Shantinatha Shiva temple as a West Bengal nava-ratna with ridged turrets. They mention that at Chandrakona (both at Dakhinbazar and Mitrasenpur), the four lowest turrets are octagonal with curved ridging and the upper five pancha-ratna with straight ridging. Built in 1828, it has rich terracotta and measures 19' 6” square.
The Shantinatha Shiva temple, with nine pinnacles, has exquisite terracotta which showcases the Ramayana battles, several scenes from Krishna lila, Bhisma on a bed of arrows, Dasavtar of Vishnu, several musicians etc. Local authorities have renovated the temple using many colours. However, the details of the terracotta relief are still there.
The Shantinatha Shiva temple is a state protected monument.
See also - Other temples at Chandrakona: Chandrakona Jorbangla Temple, Malleswara Shiva Temple, Parvatinatha Temple
Shantinatha Shiva temple picture gallery
References
External links
Temples in West Bengal
Tourist attractions in Paschim Medinipur district
Lady Be Careful is a 1936 American drama film directed by Theodore Reed and written by Dorothy Parker, Alan Campbell and Harry Ruskin, adapted from the play by Kenyon Nicholson and Charles Knox Robinson. The film stars Lew Ayres, Mary Carlisle, Benny Baker, Buster Crabbe, Grant Withers and Irving Bacon. The film was released on September 4, 1936, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Lew Ayres as Chester aka Dynamite
Mary Carlisle as Billie 'Stonewall' Jackson
Benny Baker as Barney
Buster Crabbe as Jake
Grant Withers as Lt. Loomis
Irving Bacon as Happy
Barbara Barondess as Dode
Sheila Bromley as Hazel
Wilma Francis as Bernice
Ethel Sykes as Dancer
Murray Alper as Mattie
Jack Chapin as Herb
Wesley Barry as Texas
Nick Lukats as Tim
Purnell Pratt as Father
Jack Adair as Sydney
Josephine McKim as Alice
Jennifer Gray as Girl in Sailboat
Bobbie Koshay as Girl in Sailboat
Irene Bennett as Girl in Sailboat
Ellen Drew as Girl in Sailboat
Louise Stanley as Girl in Sailboat
References
External links
1936 films
Paramount Pictures films
American drama films
1936 drama films
Films directed by Theodore Reed
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The 2020 season for the CCC Pro Team began in January with the Tour Down Under.
Team roster
Riders who joined the team for the 2020 season
Riders who left the team during or after the 2019 season
Season victories
National, Continental and World champions
Footnotes
References
External links
2020 road cycling season by team
C
2020 in Polish sport
Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References
Zawady
Kevin C. Howard (born June 25, 1981) is an American former professional baseball infielder. They were drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 5th round of the 2002 Major League Baseball draft. Howard served as the assistant hitting coach for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB) in 2021.
Amateur career
Howard attended Westlake High School. In 1999, their senior campaign, Howard was named the Los Angeles Times Ventura County Player of the Year. Howard also played football at Westlake. Howard committed to attend the University of Miami. Howard was drafted in the 22nd round of the 1999 Major League Baseball draft by the San Diego Padres, but did not sign and attended college.
While at the University of Miami in 2000, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Wareham Gatemen of the Cape Cod Baseball League. In 2001, Howard played in the 2001 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament, where Miami was the tournament's champions. Howard faced off with former high school team Scott Dragicevich, who played for Stanford, in the World Series. In 2001, Howard was named to the United States national baseball team.
Professional career
Howard was a fifth-round draft pick by the Cincinnati Reds in the 2002 Major League Baseball draft. They made their professional debut in 2003 with the Single-A Dayton Dragons. In 2004, Howard played for the High-A Potomac Cannons, batting .286/.366/.408 with 11 home runs and 79 RBI. They spent the 2005 season in Double-A with the Chattanooga Lookouts, hitting .296/.346/.428 with 12 homers and 70 RBI.
On December 8, 2005, Howard was traded to the New York Yankees along with Ben Himes in exchange for infielder Tony Womack. They spent the 2006 season with the Double-A Trenton Thunder, batting .255/.309/.391 with 8 home runs and 42 RBI in 102 games. On March 31, 2007, Howard was released by the Yankees organization.
On April 11, 2007, Howard signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies organization but was quickly sold to the Los Angeles Dodgers on June 21. They finished the season in Double-A with Jacksonville Suns, batting .292/.358/.432 in 64 games. They were assigned to the Triple-A Las Vegas 51s to begin the 2008 season but was released on August 8, 2008.
On August 11, 2008, Howard signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners organization. They finished the season in Triple-A with the Tacoma Rainiers and elected free agency on November 3, 2008. On November 20, 2008, Howard signed a minor league deal with the San Diego Padres. They were assigned to the Triple-A Portland Beavers to begin the 2009 season and split the year between Portland and the Double-A San Antonio Missions, with only 7 RBI in 27 games for the two teams. On May 15, 2009, the Padres sold Howard to the Toronto Blue Jays organization. They finished the season with the Las Vegas 51s before electing free agency on November 9, 2009. On January 24, 2010, Howard signed a minor league deal with the St. Louis Cardinals organization. They were assigned to the Triple-A Memphis Redbirds, but after hitting .242/.294/.355 in 97 games, they were released on September 7, 2010.
On April 13, 2011, Howard signed with the Lancaster Barnstormers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. They hit .381/.416/.542 in 31 games for Lancaster in 2011. On June 13, Howard signed with the Toronto Blue Jays organization, and finished the year between the Blue Jays' Triple-A and Double-A teams. They split the 2012 season between the Triple-A Las Vegas 51s and the Double-A New Hampshire Fisher Cats, hitting .292/.337/.432 in 100 games between the two teams. They elected free agency on November 3, 2012.
In April 2013, Howard signed with the Lancaster Barnstormers in the Atlantic League, with whom they had played for in 2011. They hit .237/.277/.334 with 5 home runs and 27 RBI in 84 games for the club in 2013. On March 6, 2014, Howard signed with the Lincoln Saltdogs of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball. They hit .310/.355/.439 in 47 games before being released on August 4, 2014.
Howard's professional baseball career lasted 10 seasons in the minors with 14 different teams and two seasons in independent ball. When they retired after the 2014 season, Howard had a career minor-league average of .284 with 93 home runs and 540 RBI.
Coaching career
After their professional baseball career, Howard returned to the University of Miami to finish their degree in business management. While there, they were coaching at Division II Barry University when the Cleveland Indians contacted them about becoming a coach in their organization. They joined the Indians' player development staff in 2015 as hitting coach for the short-season Single-A Mahoning Valley Scrappers. In January 2019, Howard was promoted to the organizations hitting coordinator position.
On January 21, 2021, Howard was hired by the New York Mets as the organization's farm director. On May 3, 2021, the Mets promoted Howard to assistant hitting coach after Tom Slater was relieved of their duties. After the season, Howard was reassigned along with Hugh Quattlebaum to the minor leagues.
References
1981 births
Living people
African-American baseball players
African-American baseball coaches
People from Hinsdale, Illinois
Baseball players from San Diego
Sportspeople from Ventura County, California
University of Miami alumni
Miami Hurricanes baseball players
Wareham Gatemen players
Dayton Dragons players
Potomac Cannons players
Portland Beavers players
Las Vegas 51s players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Trenton Thunder players
Memphis Redbirds players
Minor league baseball coaches
Major League Baseball hitting coaches
New York Mets coaches
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Dhadhar is a village in Churu tehsil in Churu district in the state of Rajasthan, India.
Demographics
The Census of India, 2011 recorded a population of 2,959 persons in 544 households.
Geography
The village is located within the Shekhawati desert region of northern Rajasthan.
Education
There are four government schools - three primary and one secondary - and one senior secondary private school. There are five temples (Goga Medi, Shiv ji, Kali Maa, Balaji, Krishan ji).
References
Villages in Churu district
Magic Still Exists is the fifth studio album by Swedish singer Agnes, released on 22 October 2021 through Universal Music Sweden.
Magic Still Exists received two nominations at the Swedish Grammis music awards.
Critical reception
Michael Cragg of The Guardian called the album a "pop miracle" and a "soothing balm perfect for fleeting dancefloor moments".
Track listing
Charts
Release History
References
2021 albums
Agnes (singer) albums
Universal Music Group albums
Anastasia Alexandrovna Aravina (; b. 19 January 1983) is a Russian theater and film actor.
Early life
They were born in Moscow.  They are the daughter of film director Alexander Aravina, Aravina chose their profession early in life.
After school, they enrolled at the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts, where they studied acting under Vadim. Them first serious experience was in 2001, while they were still a student. They made their debut as Zina in the television series Moscow Windows. They appeared in a cameo role in Turkish March. In 2003, Aaravina received a starring role in the TV series Best city in the world, directed by their father.
Upon graduation in 2004, the actor continued to appear on television. They appeared in the spy drama Red Orchestra. In 2005, Anastasia appeared in an episode of the fourth season of Kamensky. The following year they debuted in the film melodrama Nanjing landscape. Also in 2006, they played Agnes in television historical drama Tomorrow's care. Soon they appeared in an episode of Matchmaker, and in 2008 played Anya Kapitsinu in a detective serial If our destiny. They then appeared in several TV series, such as Will the night, Detective stunt, Angel on duty and New life detective Gurov. Continued.
In 2010, Aravina took the lead role in a spy adventure series on topics Last meeting, then appeared in the crime drama serials The mother's heart.
Filmography
Filmography Anastasia Aravina
2012 Country 03 - Oksana girl Bury
2012 Angel on duty 2 - Lena
2011 Piranha (not completed) - Lena
2011 The team eight - Lt. Lisa Myakutina
2011 St. John's wort-3 - the wife Bersteneva
2010 Mother's Heart - Sasha matron
2010 The Last Meeting - Kate Ioannina (main role)
2010 New Life detective Gurov. Continued - Face
2010 Free cake does not happen film number 3
2010 Angel on duty - Lisa
2008 stuntman - Mary
2008 Will the night (Russia, Ukraine) - the waiter
2008 If we destiny - Anya Kapitsyna actor, mistress of the Vlasov
2007 Matchmaker - Sasha
2007 Masquerade
2006 Nanjing landscape - The lady in the car
2006 Tomorrow's worries - Agnes
2005 Kamensky-4 - Dasha
2005 Personal movie 1
2004 The Red Chapel» Sarkanā Kapela (Latvia, Russia) - Juliette (leading role)
2003 The best city in the world - Zina Terekhov (leading role)
2002 Turkish March (Season 3) - Nurse
2002 The end of the film Movie 2
2001 Moscow Windows - Zina
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Russian television actores
Russian film actores
Actresses from Moscow
Simon G. Elliott (1828-1897) was an American surveyor, cartographer, and railroad promoter.  They are credited with creating two important maps surveying the locations of remains on the Gettysburg and Antietam battlefields.
Life and career
Simon Green Elliott was born in Pittsfield, New Hampshire on March 27, 1828. They were inspired by the Gold Rush to move to California in 1855. They began a career as a surveyor by 1856. Several years later, they successfully completed a survey of a proposed rail route between Nevada and Northern California for the Sacramento, Placer and Nevada Railroad Company, moving them toward the railroad industry. Perhaps related to this project, they produced at least one map of California, a view of "Central California: showing the different railroad lines completed & projected" published in 1860.
In 1863, they were appointed as the chief engineer of the California and Oregon Railroad Company. They were tasked with surveying a route for a track planned between Marysville, California and Portland, Oregon. After several months, however, they and their colleagues had run out of both time and funds. They quarrelled, and Elliott left the team to return south. They decided to travel east to present a claim to Congress and seek land grants and other aid for the project. They departed in late fall of 1863, and arrived in New York City on 18 January 1864. Elliott met with government officials in Washington, D.C. on multiple occasions throughout February 1864. Ultimately, however, they were unsuccessful: the railroad bill before Congress that would have provided funds for Elliott and their colleagues did not pass. During their time in Washington, they created their maps surveying the Antietam and Gettysburg battlefields.
Elliott remained on the East Coast through the following spring, when they married Cornelia Blanchard on March 7, 1865, in their hometown of Weymouth, Massachusetts. The following month, they returned to California, arriving in San Francisco on April 2, 1865. They seem to have travelled back and forth between California and Massachusetts for the next decade, and together they and Cornelia had four children.
They appear to have been undeterred by their failure to complete their survey of the planned California-Oregon rail line. Several years later, they embarked on a similar venture under the name of the Oregon Central Railroad Company of Salem; this attempted partnership crumbled under Elliott's financial mismanagement and possible fraud, and was taken over by Ben Holladay, who turned it into the Oregon and California Railroad Company.
By the mid-1870s, Elliott appears to have retired permanently to Massachusetts, where they died of heart disease on September 19, 1897.
Battlefield maps
Elliott is remembered for their detailed maps of two Civil War battlefields. While in Washington in the spring of 1864, pursuing their case to Congress, they produced at least two detailed surveys of the Gettysburg and Antietam battlefields. While the full story of how they became involved in this project is unknown, it is likely that they were given access to original surveys of temporary burial sites undertaken by officials at the times of the battles (Gettysburg in July 1863, and Antietam in September 1862). Their maps reflect and appear to draw heavily on the eyewitness work done by local officials and community members (such as David Wills of Gettysburg, who had commissioned a survey of burial locations within two weeks of the battle).
The Gettysburg map, published in 1864 by "S.G. Elliott," shows the location of 8,352 individual burial locations and 345 dead horses. However, it only identifies seventeen of the graves by name. The Antietam map shows 5,800 graves, including the names of 45 deceased soldiers (although it does include some minor errors). The increased detail for the latter map may be a result of the fact that, although the Battle of Antietam took place a year before Gettysburg, its dead were not interred in a permanent cemetery until 1864, after the publication of Elliott's map.
The maps were published by H.H. Lloyd, a New York publisher and bookseller, sometime in June 1864, and are known to have been sold at the 1864 Sanitary Fair in Philadelphia, as well as by H.H. Lloyd at their premises in New York. Few copies of the maps are known to survive today, but they have both been digitized (the Antietam map by the New York Public Library and the Gettysburg map by the Library of Congress). The American Battlefield Trust uses Elliott's map of Gettysburg to inform its conservation activities in the Gettysburg area.
External links
Map of central California : showing the different railroad lines completed & projected (1860), via Stanford Libraries
Research file on Simon G. Elliott, 1950-1952, compiled by Stanford librarian Jeannette M. Hancock
Map of the battlefield of Gettysburg (1864), via the Library of Congress
Map of the battlefield of Antietam (1864), via the New York Public Library
References
1828 births
1897 deaths
American cartographers
19th-century cartographers
American surveyors
This is a list of Russian football clubs that ever played at a professional level since 1992.
A
FC Abinsk — FC Agan Raduzhny — FC Agidel Ufa — FC Agrokomplekt Ryazan — FC Akademiya Dimitrovgrad — FC Akademiya Togliatti— FC Alania-2 Vladikavkaz — FC Alania Vladikavkaz — FC Aleks Angarsk — FC Aleks Gatchina — FC Almaz Moscow — FC Alnas Almetyevsk — FC Altair-Khelling Derbent — FC Amkar Perm — FC Amur Blagoveshchensk — FC Amur-Energia Blagoveshchensk — FC Amur Komsomolsk-on-Amur — FC Anapa — FC Angara Angarsk — FC Angara Boguchany — FC Angusht Malgobek — FC Angusht Nazran — FC Anzhi-2 Kaspiysk — FC Anzhi Makhachkala — FC APK Azov — FC APK Morozovsk — FC Ararat Moscow — FC Argo Kaspiysk — FC Arsenal-2 Tula — FC Arsenal Tula — FC Arzamas — FC Asmaral Kislovodsk — FC Asmaral Moscow — FC Astrakhan — FC Astrateks Astrakhan — FC Atommash Volgodonsk — FC Avangard Kamyshin — FC Avangard Kolomna — FC Avangard-Kolos Taganrog — FC Avangard-Kortek Kolomna — FC Avangard Kursk — FC Avangard Podolsk — FC Avtodor-BMK Vladikavkaz — FC Avtodor-Olaf Vladikavkaz — FC Avtodor Vladikavkaz — FC Avtomobilist Noginsk — FC Avtomobilist Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk — FC Avtopribor Oktyabrsky — FC Avtozapchast Baksan — FC Azamat Cheboksary
B
FC Balakovo — FC Baltika-2 Kaliningrad — FC Baltika Kaliningrad — FC Baltika-Tarko Kaliningrad — FC Bashinformsvyaz-Dynamo Ufa — FC Bataysk-2007 — FC Baysachnr Elista — FC Berezniki — FC Beshtau Lermontov — FC Beslan-FAYUR Beslan — FC Biokhimik-Mordovia Saransk — FC BSK Spirovo — FC Bulat Cherepovets
C
FC Chelyabinsk — FC Chernomorets-2 Novorossiysk — FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk — FC Chertanovo Moscow – FC Chertanovo-2 Moscow — FC Chita — FC Chkalovets-1936 Novosibirsk — FC Chkalovets Novosibirsk — FC Chkalovets-Olympic Novosibirsk — FC CSKA-2 Moscow — FC CSKA Moscow — FC CSK VVS-Kristall Smolensk
D
FC Dagdizel Kaspiysk — FC Derbent — FC Devon Oktyabrsky — FC Diana Volzhsk — FC Dmitrov — FC Dnepr Smolensk — FC Don Novomoskovsk — FC Druzhba Budyonnovsk — FC Druzhba Maykop — FC Druzhba Yoshkar-Ola — FC Dynamo-2 Moscow — FC Dynamo Barnaul — FC Dynamo Bryansk — FC Dynamo-Gazovik Tyumen — FC Dynamo-Imamat Makhachkala — FC Dynamo Izhevsk — FC Dynamo Izobilny — FC Dynamo Kemerovo — FC Dynamo Kirov — FC Dynamo Kostroma — FC Dynamo Makhachkala — FC Dynamo-Mashinostroitel Kirov — FC Dynamo Mikhaylovka — FC Dynamo Moscow — FC Dynamo Omsk — FC Dynamo Perm — FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg — FC Dynamo Stavropol — FC Dynamo Tula — FC Dynamo Vologda — FC Dynamo Voronezh — FC Dynamo Yakutsk — FC Dynamo-Zhemchuzhina-2 Sochi
E
FC Elektron Almetyevsk — FC Elektronika Nizhny Novgorod — FC Elektron Vyatskiye Polyany — FC Elista — FC Energetik Uren — FC Energia Chaykovsky — FC Energia Kamyshin — FC Energia Pyatigorsk — FC Energia-Tekstilshchik Kamyshin — FC Energia Ulyanovsk — FC Energia Velikiye Luki — FC Energia Volzhsky — FC Energomash Belgorod — FC Erzi Petrozavodsk — FC Erzu Grozny — FC Estel Ufa — FC Etalon Baksan
F
FC Fabus Bronnitsy — FC Fakel Voronezh — FC Fakel-Voronezh Voronezh — FC FCS-73 Voronezh — FC FSA Voronezh — FC Fortuna Mytishchi
G
FC Galaks St. Petersburg — FC Gastello Ufa — FC Gatchina — FC Gazovik-Gazprom Izhevsk — FC Gazovik Izhevsk — FC Gazovik Orenburg — FC Gekris Anapa — FC Gekris Novorossiysk — FC Gigant Grozny — FC Gigant Voskresensk — FC Gofrokarton Digora — FC Gornyak Gramoteino — FC Gornyak Kachkanar — FC Gornyak Kushva — FC Gornyak Uchaly — FC Gubkin
I
FC Idel Kazan — FC Industriya Borovsk — FC Industriya Obninsk — FC Ingushetia Nazran — FC Interros Moscow — FC Irgiz Balakovo — FC Iriston Mozdok — FC Iriston Vladikavkaz — FC Irtysh-1946 Omsk — FC Irtysh Omsk — FC Irtysh Tobolsk — FC Iskra Engels — FC Iskra Novoaleksandrovsk — FC Iskra Smolensk — FC Istochnik Rostov-on-Don — FC Istra — FC Izhevsk — FC Izumrud Timashyovsk
K
FC Kabardey-ZET Nizhny Cherek — FC Kaluga — FC KAC-SKIF Naberezhnye Chelny — FC KamAZavtocenter Naberezhnye Chelny — FC KamAZ-Chally Naberezhnye Chelny — FC KamAZ Naberezhnyye Chelny — FC Karelia-Erzi Petrozavodsk — FC Karelia Petrozavodsk — FC Kaspiy Kaspiysk — FC Kavkazkabel Prokhladny — FC Kavkaztransgaz-2005 Ryzdvyany — FC Kavkaztransgaz Izobilny — FC KDS Samrau Ufa — FC Khimik Belorechensk — FC Khimik Dankov — FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk — FC Khimik Koryazhma — FC Khimik Meleuz — FC Khimik Uvarovo — FC Khimki — FC Khopyor Balashov — FC Kinotavr Podolsk — FC Kolomna — FC Kolomna-820 — FC Kolos Bykovo — FC Kolos Krasnodar — FC Kommunalnik-Druzhba-d Maykop — FC Kosmos Dolgoprudny — FC Kosmos Elektrostal — FC Kosmos-Kirovets Saint Petersburg — FC Kosmos-Kvest Dolgoprudny — FC Kosmos Yegoryevsk — FC Kraneks Ivanovo — FC Krasnodar — FC Krasnodar-2000 — FC Krasnogvardeyets Moscow — FC Krasnoznamensk — FC Krasnoznamensk-Selyatino Krasnoznamensk — FC Kristall Dyatkovo — FC Kristall Neryungri — FC Kristall Sergach — FC Kristall Smolensk — FC Krivichi Velikiye Luki — FC Krylya Sovetov-2 Samara — FC Krylya Sovetov Samara — FC Krylya Sovetov-SOK Dimitrovgrad — FC Kuban Barannikovsky — FC Kuban Krasnodar — FC Kuban Slavyansk-na-Kubani — FC Kurgan — FC Kuzbass-Dynamo Kemerovo — FC KUZBASS Kemerovo – FC Kvant Obninsk
L
FC Lada Dimitrovgrad — FC Lada-Energia Dimitrovgrad — FC Lada-Grad Dimitrovgrad — FC Lada-Simbirsk Dimitrovgrad — FC Lada-SOK Dimitrovgrad — FC Lada Togliatti — FC Lada-Togliatti-VAZ Togliatti — FC Leningradets Leningrad Oblast – FC Lisma-Mordovia Saransk — FC Lobnya-Alla — FC Lokomotiv-2 Moscow — FC Lokomotiv Chita — FC Lokomotiv Kaluga — FC Lokomotiv Liski — FC Lokomotiv Mineralnye Vody — FC Lokomotiv Moscow — FC Lokomotiv-M Serpukhov — FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod — FC Lokomotiv Saint Petersburg — FC Lokomotiv-Time Mineralnye Vody — FC Lokomotiv Ussuriysk — FC Lokomotiv Yelets — FC Lokomotiv-Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg — FC Lotto-MKM Moscow — FC Luch-Energia Vladivostok — FC Luch Tula — FC Luch Vladivostok — FC Lukhovitsy — FC Lukoil Chelyabinsk
M
FC Maccabi Moscow — FC Magnitka Magnitogorsk — FC Mashinostroitel Pskov — FC Mashinostroitel Sergiyev Posad — FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk — FC Mashuk Pyatigorsk — FC MChS Selyatino — FC MEPHI Moscow — FC Metallurg Aldan — FC Metallurg Krasnoyarsk — FC Metallurg-Yenisey Krasnoyarsk — FC Metallurg Krasny Sulin — FC Metallurg-Kuzbass Novokuznetsk — FC Metallurg Lipetsk — FC Metallurg Magnitogorsk — FC Metallurg-Metiznik Magnitogorsk — FC Metallurg Novokuznetsk — FC Metallurg Novotroitsk — FC Metallurg Pikalyovo — FC Metallurg Stary Oskol — FC Metallurg-Oskol Stary Oskol — FC Metallurg Vyksa — FC Metallurg-ZapSib Novokuznetsk — FC Metiznik Magnitogorsk — FC Mezhdurechensk — FC MGU Saransk — FC MITOS Novocherkassk — FC Monolit Moscow — FC Mordovia Saransk — FC Moscow — FC Mosenergo Moscow — FC Moskovsky-Selyatino Selyatino — FC Mostovik-Primorye Ussuriysk — FC Mostransgaz Gazoprovod — FC Motor Prokopyevsk — FC Mozdok — FC MVD Rossii Moscow
N
FC Nara-ShBFR Naro-Fominsk — FC Nara-Desna Naro-Fominsk — FC Nart Cherkessk — FC Nart Nartkala — FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk — FC Neftyanik Bugulma — FC Neftyanik Pokhvistnevo — FC Neftyanik Ufa — FC Neftyanik Yaroslavl — FC Nemkom Krasnodar — FC Nika Krasny Sulin — FC Nika Moscow — FC Niva Slavyansk-na-Kubani — FC Nizhny Novgorod (2007) — FC Nosta Novotroitsk
O
FC Oazis Yartsevo — FC Obninsk — FC Oka Kolomna — FC Okean Nakhodka — FC Olimpia Volgograd — FC Olimp Kislovodsk — FC Orekhovo Orekhovo-Zuyevo — FC Oryol
P
FC Pele Moscow — FC Petrotrest Saint Petersburg — FC Pikalyovo — FC Planeta Bugulma — FC Politekhnik-92 Barnaul — FC Presnya Moscow — FC Progress Biysk — FC Progress Chernyakhovsk — FC Progress Zelenodolsk — FC Prometey-Dinamo Saint Petersburg — FC Pskov — FC Pskov-2000 — FC Pskov-747
R
FC Radian-Baikal Irkutsk — FC Rassvet Troitskoye — FC Reformatsiya Abakan — FC Rekord Aleksandrov — FC Reutov — FC Ritm Alekseyevka — FC Ritm Belgorod — FC Roda Moscow — FC Rossia Moscow — FC Rostov — FC Rostselmash-2 Rostov-on-Don — FC Rostselmash Rostov-on-Don — FC Rotor-2 Mikhaylovka — FC Rotor-2 Volgograd — FC Rotor Volgograd — FC Rubin-2 Kazan — FC Rubin Kazan — FC Rubin-TAN Kazan — FC Rusichi Oryol — FC Ryazan — FC Ryazan-Agrokomplekt — FC Rybinsk
S
FC Sakhalin Kholmsk — FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk — FC Salyut Belgorod — FC Salyut-Energiya Belgorod — FC Salyut Saratov — FC Salyut-YuKOS Belgorod — FC Samotlor-XXI Nizhnevartovsk — FC Saranskeksport Saransk — FC Saturn-1991 Saint Petersburg — FC Saturn-2 Moscow Oblast — FC Saturn-2 Ramenskoye — FC Saturn-2 Zhukovsky — FC Saturn Moscow Oblast (dissolved) — FC Saturn Naberezhnyye Chelny — FC Saturn Ramenskoye — FC Saturn-Ren-TV Moscow Oblast (current) — FC Saturn Yegoryevsk — FC Selenga Ulan-Ude — FC Sever Murmansk — FC Severstal Cherepovets — FC Shakhtyor Artyom — FC Shakhtyor Kiselyovsk — FC Shakhtyor Prokopyevsk — FC Shakhtyor Shakhty — FC Sheksna Cherepovets — FC Sherstyannik Nevinnomyssk — FC Shinnik Yaroslavl — FC Sibir-2 Novosibirsk — FC Sibir Kurgan — FC Sibir Novosibirsk — FC Sibiryak Bratsk — FC Sibur-Khimik Dzerzhinsk — FC SKA-Energia Khabarovsk — FC SKA Khabarovsk — FC SKA Rostov-on-Don — FC Skat-5s Yelabuga — FC SKD Samara — FC Slavyansk — FC Smena Komsomolsk-on-Amur — FC Smena Moscow — FC Smena-Saturn Saint Petersburg — FC Smena-Zenit Saint Petersburg — FC Smolensk — FC Sochi-04 — PFC Sochi – FC Sodovik Sterlitamak — FC Sokol-PZhD Saratov — FC Sokol Saratov — FC SOYUZ-Gazprom Izhevsk — FC Spartak-2 Moscow — FC Spartak-2 Nartkala — FC Spartak Alagir — FC Spartak-Alania Vladikavkaz — FC Spartak Anapa — FC Spartak-Arktikbank Arkhangelsk — FC Spartak-Bratskiy Yuzhny — FC Spartak Bryansk — FC Spartak Chelyabinsk — FC Spartak-Chukotka Moscow — FC Spartak Gorno-Altaysk — FC Spartak Kavkaztransgaz Izobilny — FC Spartak Kostroma — FC Spartak Kurgan — FC Spartak Lukhovitsy — FC Spartak Moscow — FC Spartak-MZK Ryazan — PFC Spartak Nalchik — FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod — FC Spartak-Orekhovo Orekhovo-Zuyevo — FC Spartak Oryol — FC Spartak-Peresvet Bryansk — FC Spartak Ryazan — FC Spartak Rybnoye — FC Spartak Shchyolkovo — FC Spartak Tambov — FC Spartak-Telekom Shuya — FC Spartak-UGP Anapa — FC Spartak Vladikavkaz — FC Spartak Yoshkar-Ola — FC Sportakademklub Moscow — FC Sputnik Kimry — FC Start Yeysk — FC Stavropol — FC Stavropolye-2009 Stavropol — FC Stroitel Morshansk — FC Stroitel Ufa — FC Sudostroitel Astrakhan — FC SUO Moscow — FC Svetogorets Svetogorsk — FC Svetotekhnika Saransk
T
FC Taganrog — FC Tekhinvest-M Moscow — FC Tekstilshchik Isheyevka — FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo — FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin — FC Tekstilshchik-Telekom Ivanovo — FC Terek Grozny — FC Titan Moscow — FC Titan Reutov — FC Titan Zheleznodorozhny — FC Tobol Kurgan — FC Togliatti — FC Tom Tomsk — FC Torgmash Lyubertsy — FC Torpedo-2 Moscow — FC Torpedo Adler — FC Torpedo-Alttrak Rubtsovsk — FC Torpedo Armavir — FC Torpedo Arzamas — FC Torpedo Georgiyevsk — FC Torpedo Izhevsk — FC Torpedo-Luzhniki Moscow — FC Torpedo-Metallurg Moscow — FC Torpedo Miass — FC Torpedo-MKB Mytishchi — FC Torpedo Moscow — FC Torpedo Mytishchi — FC Torpedo Pavlovo — FC Torpedo-RG Moscow — FC Torpedo Rubtsovsk — FC Torpedo Ryazan — FC Torpedo Taganrog — FC Torpedo-UdGu Izhevsk — FC Torpedo-Viktoriya Nizhny Novgorod — FC Torpedo Vladimir — FC Torpedo Volzhsky — FC Torpedo-ZIL Moscow — FC Tosno — FC TRASKO Moscow — FC Trestar Moscow — FC Trion-Volga Tver — FC Trubnik Kamensk-Uralsky — FC Turbostroitel Kaluga — FC Tyumen
U
FC Ugay Uray — FC Uralan Elista — FC Uralan-Plus Moscow — FC UralAZ Miass — FC Uralelektromed Verkhnyaya Pyshma — FC Uralets Nizhny Tagil — FC Uralmash Yekaterinburg — FC Ural Yekaterinburg — FC Urartu Grozny
V
FC Vaynakh Shali — FC Venets Gulkevichi — FC Vest Kaliningrad - FC Vidnoye — FC Viktor-Avangard Kolomna — FC Viktor-Gigant Voskresensk — FC Viktoriya Nazarovo — FC Vityaz Krymsk — FC Vityaz Podolsk — FC Volga Balakovo — FC Volga Nizhniy Novgorod — FC Volgar Astrakhan — FC Volgar-Gazprom Astrakhan — FC Volga Tver — FC Volga Ulyanovsk — FC Volgodonsk — FC Volgograd — FC Volochanin-89 Vyshny Volochyok — FC Volochanin-Ratmir Vyshniy Volochyok — FC Volochanin Vyshny Volochyok — FC Volzhanin Kineshma — FC Vyatka Kirov — FC Vympel Rybinsk
Y
FC Yelets — FC Yudzhin Samara — FC Yunit Samara
Z
FC Zarya Krotovka — FC Zarya Leninsk-Kuznetsky — FC Zavodchanin Saratov — FC Zavolzhye Engels — FC Zelenograd — FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg — FC Zenit Chelyabinsk — FC Zenit Izhevsk — FC Zenit Penza — FC Zenit Saint Petersburg — FC Zhemchuzhina-2 Sochi — FC Zhemchuzhina Budyonnovsk — FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi — FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo — FC Zodiak Stary Oskol — FC Zvezda Gorodishche — FC Zvezda Irkutsk — FC Zvezda Perm — FC Zvezda Ryazan — FC Zvezda Serpukhov
References
Russia 1992 and subsequent years
Russia
clubs
Football clubs
Anthony Erwin Randolph Jr. (born July 15, 1989) is an American-Slovenian professional basketball player for Real Madrid of the Spanish Liga ACB and the EuroLeague. They also represent the senior Slovenian national basketball team, winning the 2017 EuroBasket with them. Born in Germany, to two American parents who served in the US military there, Randolph's family eventually relocated to the United States, where they grew up in Pasadena, California. The family later moved to Dallas, Texas, where Randolph soon became a standout at Woodrow Wilson High School, eventually being recruited by the Louisiana State Tigers. After one year, Randolph left college, and entered the 2008 NBA draft, where they were chosen as the fourteenth pick overall by the Golden State Warriors. In 2016, they earned an All-EuroLeague Second Team selection.
Early life
Anthony Erwin Randolph, Jr. was born to Anthony and Crystal Randolph in Würzburg, West Germany, where both of their parents served in the US military. Randolph spent the first year of their life in Germany, before their family moved to Pasadena, California, where they spent the majority of their childhood. Randolph attended schools in Pasadena, as well as North Little Rock High School, in North Little Rock, Arkansas, before heading to Woodrow Wilson High School, in Dallas, Texas, for their junior year.
Randolph's mother decided the school they were attending in Arkansas, was not right for them because of the differences they had with the team's head coach and in school. At the time, they were a virtually unknown player. Pat Washington, Randolph's high school head coach, stated that while Randolph was athletically gifted, they needed a lot of work on skills, such as ball handling, shooting, etc. Washington also spoke of a technique the team had in workouts called the "LAB", where the basic rules were that all players in play were required to never stop running, under any circumstances, and if the ball was turned over at any point, the player was to run back on defense immediately. The technique might have contributed to Randolph's later defensive prowess, as they have been known to hustle back after turnovers, for defensive stops, in their professional career.
In high school, Randolph played all five positions on the floor. During their senior season, Randolph's team did not qualify for a playoff position, which coach Washington attributed to bad chemistry. Washington called the team very talented, and referred to Randolph as the best player on the roster, but stated that, "as time went by, jealousy and agendas set in and took over." Randolph averaged 25.8 points and 12.6 rebounds per game, as a senior. Although Randolph was named to the first team All-Area The Dallas Morning News boys basketball team, played in the Reebok Round Ball Classic, in Chicago, and the Adidas Derby Festival Classic in Kentucky (leading all scorers in both games), they were not chosen to play in the McDonald's All-American Game their senior year. Considered a five-star recruit by Rivals.com, Randolph was listed as the No. 4 small forward and the No. 12 player in the nation in 2007.
College career
Glen "Big Baby" Davis had just left Louisiana State University's (LSU) basketball team as well as seven-foot center Magnum Rolle, who transferred to Louisiana Tech, leaving the team with only two bigs, one being a junior college transfer. Due to this fact, LSU told Randolph that if they joined their team, they could possibly play right away as a first-year student. Washington said that Baylor, Georgetown, Kansas, Memphis, and Texas were also interested in recruiting Randolph. Though Memphis was Randolph's early choice in the recruitment process, they wanted to attend a school where they could play big minutes, which they figured they probably would not get to do at Memphis since the team's roster was so deep at the time. Randolph made an impact in college right away, as they had six blocks in just their third game during their first-year student season. During their lone season at LSU, Randolph earned Honorable Mention All-SEC and First Team All-Freshman Team honors. Randolph was the only LSU Tiger to start all thirty-one games in their first-year student season, and averaged 15.6 points, 8.5 rebounds, 1.2 assists, 1.13 steals, and 2.26 blocks per contest. Although the team only ended the season with a 13-18 record, Randolph finished strong by averaging 20.1 points during the last nine games of the year. Randolph also ranked third in the Southeastern Conference in rebounding and blocked shots, twelfth in scoring, and posted nine double-doubles their first-year student season.
Professional career
Golden State Warriors
Knowing there was a good chance they would be chosen in the first round, Randolph declared themselves eligible for the 2008 NBA draft at the end of their first-year student year at LSU. Some projected Randolph to go high in the year's draft because of their versatility and potential, while their detractors thought they might drop because of their thin frame and raw overall game. In either case, many believed Randolph could be the steal of the draft with their talent and tremendous potential.
In the draft, the Golden State Warriors selected Randolph with the fourteenth overall pick. The Warriors were coming off a disappointing 2007-08 season where the team was unable to qualify for the playoffs despite finishing the year with a 48-34 win–loss record. Early in their rookie season, Randolph received minimal playing time, causing some to question their attitude and work ethic, or if a possible rift might be developing between them and head coach Don Nelson. Many of the Warriors' main rotation players suffered injuries throughout Randolph's rookie campaign, and the team ended the season with only a 29-53 record. Nonetheless, the Warriors did play a fairly strong second half of the season, including Randolph, who averaged 13.5 points, 10.5 rebounds, 1.6 blocks, and 1.4 steals over the last twelve games of the year.
After attending a Dallas Mavericks-San Antonio Spurs playoff game during the Warriors' offseason, Randolph became motivated to improve their play, hitting the gym hard to prepare for the following season. Randolph's efforts first began to reward them in that year's Summer League being held in Las Vegas, Nevada where they not only began to dominate consistently but was also referred to by various sportswriters as being the best talent in the entire Summer League. Among other highlights, including a then-Summer League record-tying 42-point explosion in game four against the Chicago Bulls' Summer League team, Randolph was invited to attend the USA Basketball Men's National Team mini-camp following their dominant Summer League performance. Though many believed Randolph was a lock to win Summer League MVP, the honor was given to 2009 first overall pick Blake Griffin. On October 14, 2009 the Warriors extended Randolph's contract through the 2010–11 NBA season.
New York Knicks
On July 9, 2010, Randolph was traded to the New York Knicks along with Kelenna Azubuike, Ronny Turiaf and a future second-round pick in a sign and trade deal for David Lee.
Minnesota Timberwolves
On February 22, 2011, Randolph was traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves in a three-way blockbuster deal which also involved the Denver Nuggets that brought Carmelo Anthony to New York. In their first start of the year on March 24, filling in for the injured Kevin Love, Randolph recorded a career high 31 points and 11 rebounds. They followed that up with 24 points and 15 rebounds.
Denver Nuggets
On July 20, 2012, Randolph signed a multi-year contract with the Denver Nuggets.
On June 26, 2014, Randolph was traded, along with Doug McDermott, to the Chicago Bulls for Gary Harris, Jusuf Nurkić and a 2015 second-round pick.
Orlando Magic
On July 14, 2014, they were traded, along with two future second round draft picks and cash considerations, to the Orlando Magic in exchange for the draft rights to forward Milovan Raković. The next day, they were waived by the Magic.
Lokomotiv Kuban
On August 18, 2014, Randolph signed a one-year deal with Lokomotiv Kuban of Russia. On April 16, 2015, they were named to the All-EuroCup Second Team. In July 2015, they re-signed with Lokomotiv. In their second season with Lokomotiv, they reached the 2016 EuroLeague Final Four, where their team lost in the semi-finals, but managed to win the third place game.
Real Madrid
On July 15, 2016, Randolph signed a one-year deal with Real Madrid. On June 22, 2017, they re-signed with Real Madrid. In May 2018, Real Madrid won the 2017–18 EuroLeague championship, after defeating Fenerbahçe Doğuş in the final game 85–80. Over 20 EuroLeague games, Randolph averaged 8.5 points, 3.9 rebounds and 1.3 assists per game.
In February 2020, Randolph was sidelined with a fractured finger.
National team career
United States national team
Randolph represented the United States national team at the 2015 Pan American Games, where they won a bronze medal.
Slovenian national team
On June 23, 2017, it was announced that Randolph would play for the senior Slovenian national team. On September 17, 2017, Slovenia defeated Serbia, in the 2017 EuroBasket finals, by a score of 93–85, and thereby claimed the title of EuroBasket champions. Randolph was an important member of the team, they contributed 11.7 points, 5.2 rebounds in 24.3 minutes of play on average.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Golden State
| 63||22||17.9||.462||.000||.716||5.8||0.8||0.7||1.2||7.9
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Golden State
| 33||8||22.7||.443||.200||.801||6.5||1.3||0.8||1.5|| 11.6
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| New York
| 17||0||7.5||.311||.250||.500||2.4||0.4||0.2||0.5||2.1
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Minnesota
| 23 || 3 || 20.1 || .498 || .000 || .703 || 5.2 || 1.1 || 0.8 || 0.7 || 11.7
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Minnesota
| 34 || 5 || 15.2 || .470 || .000 || .762 || 3.6 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 1.0 || 7.4
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Denver
| 39 || 0 || 8.4 || .491 || .000 || .689 || 2.4 || 0.3 || 0.5 || 0.5 || 3.7
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Denver
| 43 || 5 || 12.3 || .386 || .295 || .754 || 2.8 || 0.7 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 4.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 252 || 43 || 15.2 || .453 || .241 || .740 || 4.3 || 0.7 || 0.6 || 0.9 || 7.1
Playoffs
|-
| align="left"| 2013
| align="left"| Denver
| 5 || 0 || 6.0 || .818 || .000 || .727 || 1.2 || 0.0 || 0.4 || 0.0 || 5.2
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 5 || 0 || 6.0 || .818 || .000 || .727 || 1.2 || 0.0 || 0.4 || 0.0 || 5.2
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"| Lokomotiv
| 23 || 20 || 25.2 || .431 || .253 || .767 || 6.0 || 1.2 || 1.3 || .9 || 14.5 || 14.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan=3| Real Madrid
| 34 || 15 || 21.2 || .500 || .367 || .778 || 5.1 || 1.1 || .4 || 1.1 || 10.2 || 12.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#AFE6BA;"| 2017–18†
| 21 || 11 || 17.5 || .545 || .311 || .657 || 3.8 || 1.2 || .7 || .3 || 8.2 || 9.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| 33 || 33 || 22.6 || .484 || .414 || .756 || 4.3 || .9 || .5 || .3 || 12.5 || 13.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 78 || 46 || 21.5 || .528 || .312 || .752 || 5.0 || 1.2 || .7 || .8 || 10.9 || 12.4
College
|-
| align="left" | 2007–08
| align="left" | LSU
| 31 || 31 || 32.8 || .464 || .105 || .693 || 8.5 || 1.2 || 1.1 || 2.3 || 15.6
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 31 || 31 || 32.8 || .464 || .105 || .693 || 8.5 || 1.2 || 1.1 || 2.3 || 15.6
Personal life
Randolph has a younger sister, Ashley, as well as a younger brother, Robert. Randolph has said that they enjoy fishing and is a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
References
External links
Anthony Randolph at acb.com
Anthony Randolph at euroleague.net
Anthony Randolph at nba.com
1989 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Basketball players at the 2015 Pan American Games
Basketball players from Dallas
Centers (basketball)
Denver Nuggets players
FIBA EuroBasket-winning players
Golden State Warriors draft picks
Golden State Warriors players
Liga ACB players
LSU Tigers basketball players
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Minnesota Timberwolves players
National Basketball Association players from Slovenia
New York Knicks players
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in basketball
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
PBC Lokomotiv-Kuban players
Power forwards (basketball)
Real Madrid Baloncesto players
Slovenian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Slovenian men's basketball players
Slovenian people of African-American descent
Basketball players from Pasadena, California
United States men's national basketball team players
Naturalized citizens of Slovenia
Amritpal Chotu is Punjabi and Bollywood comedian and actor. They have worked in many Bollywood and Punjabi Movies.
Filmography
Punjabi
References
External links
People from Punjab, India
Living people
Indian male comedians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Angelina Jolie (born 1975) is an American film actor
Jolie may also refer to:
Jolie (name), a given name and surname (and list of people with the name)
Jolie (magazine), a Lahori fashion magazine
Jolie (programming language), a programming language for microservices
Jolie & the Wanted, an African country music band
Al Jolson or Jolie, entertainer
Angelina Pivarnick or Jolie, cast member of Jersey Shore
Jolie, a character in Incarnations of Immortality
Aptostichus angelinajolieae, the Angelina Jolie trapdoor spider
See also
Joli (disambiguation)
Jolie Brise, a sailboat
The 1962–63 Danish 1. division season was the sixth season of ice hockey in Denmark. Five teams participated in the league, and Rungsted IK won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1962 in Danish sport
1963 in Danish sport
Greece competed at the 2011 Summer Universiade in Shenzhen, China held from 12 to 23 August 2011. In total athletes representing Greece won one bronze medal, in athletics.
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
Nations at the 2011 Summer Universiade
Summer U
Greece at the Summer Universiade
Yohwa Eoludong (요화 어을우동) is a 1987 South Korean film about the incredible life of Joseon-era kisaeng writer, artist and poet Uhwudong directed by Kim Gi-hyun and starring Kim Muh-hee.
Plot summary
The story follows Eoludong (Uhwudong), a gisaeng, poet, writer, and artist who lived in 15th century Korea. Eoludong was a beautiful, talented, and intelligent young woman who was able to read and write well.
However, they were a divorced woman, which was not socially acceptable. They had no other choice but to become a gisaeng, and they used their position to gain favor with the noble classes.
Cast
Kim Muh-hee - Eoludong
Park Geun-hyung
Guk Jeong-hwan
External links
Yohwa Eoludong
1987 films
1980s romance films
South Korean biographical films
Films set in the 15th century
Films set in the Joseon Dynasty
1980s Korean-language films
Biographical films about entertainers
The Pietasters, also commonly referred to as Piestomp, is the first album by the ska/soul band The Pietasters. It was released in 1993 on Slugtone. Alternative recordings had earlier been released on cassette as All You Can Eat and The Ska-Rumptious 7 Inches. The CD was reissued in 2000 and made available through the band's website.
Track listing
All songs by The Pietasters unless noted.
"Intro" (1:09)
"Dollar Bill" (3:26)
"Perfect World" (2:56)
"Little Engine" (3:24)
"Night Owl"(2:43) (Tony Allen; cover of single version by Bad Habits)
"Model Citizen" (4:23)
"Factory Concerto" ("Powerhouse" by Raymond Scott, from Looney Tunes) (2:51)
"Ace Miller" (2:19)
"Metro" (2:50)
"Five Days of the Week" (3:16)
"Catalog Bohemian" (2:37)
"Pietaster" (4:26)
"Without You" (3:30)
"Factory" (4:50) (hidden track)
Personnel
Stephen Jackson – vocals
Talmage Bayer – vocals
Tom Goodin – guitar
Chris Watt – bass guitar
Ben Gauslin – drums
Eric Raecke – tenor saxophone
Rob French – trombone
Carlos Linares – trumpet
Caroline Boutwell – farfisa
Cool 'Casian Don – vocals on track 6
Nick Nichols – producer, mixer
Cobb Ervin – producer, mixer
Max Henkel – additional engineering
1993 albums
The Pietasters albums
Daniela de Jong (born 1 September 1998) is a Swedish handball player for SCM Râmnicu Vâlcea and the Swedish national team.
They represented Sweden at the 2021 World Women's Handball Championship.
Achievements
Swedish Handball League:
Gold Medalist: 2021
Swedish Handball Cup:
Gold Medalist: 2022
References
External links
Daniela de Jong at European Handball Federation
1998 births
Living people
Swedish female handball players
Handball players from Stockholm
Conchita Supervía (8–9 December 1895 – 30 March 1936) was a highly popular Spanish mezzo-soprano singer who appeared in opera in Europe and America and also gave recitals.
Early life
Supervía was born in Barcelona to an old Andalusian family and given the baptismal name of María de la Concepción Supervía Pascual. They were educated at the local convent but at the age of twelve entered the Conservatori Superior de Música del Liceu in Barcelona to study singing.
Professional career
They made their stage debut in 1910 at the young age of 15 at the Teatro Colón, Buenos Aires, Argentina in Stiattesi's Blanca de Beaulieu. Then they sang in Tomás Bretón's Los Amantes de Teruel and as Lola in Mascagni's Cavalleria rusticana.
In 1911 they sang the role of Octavian in the first Italian-language production of Richard Strauss's Der Rosenkavalier at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome. In 1912 they appeared as Carmen at the Gran Teatre del Liceu in their native city, a role with which they would be associated for the rest of their career.
They made their American debut in 1915 as Charlotte in Massenet's Werther at the Chicago Opera, where they also sang in Mignon and Carmen. Back in Europe by the end of the First World War they were invited to Rome, where they started the Rossini revival that made them world-famous – as Angelina in La Cenerentola, Isabella in L'italiana in Algeri and Rosina in Il barbiere di Siviglia, in the original keys.
All in all, they made more than 200 recordings mostly for the Fonotipia and Odeon labels, featuring not only their famous roles in opera but also a vast song repertory in Catalan, Spanish, French, Italian and English, as well as pieces from zarzuela and even operetta (she had appeared in a legendary production of Franz Lehár's Frasquita at the Opéra Comique).
In 1930, they made their London debut at the Queen's Hall. The following year they married Ben Rubenstein, a Jewish business person from London, and settled there. (She already had a teenage son, Giorgio, fruit of a previous and brief "marriage", in 1917, with Francesco Santamaria, ex-mayor of Naples.)
Them Covent Garden debut was in 1934 in La Cenerentola and in 1935 they repeated that part, plus L'Italiana in Algeri and Carmen. In 1934, Supervía appeared in the Victor Saville British motion picture Evensong as a singer named Baba L'Etoile, opposite actor Fritz Kortner.
Vocal qualities
They had a powerful chest register linked to a flexible upper voice that could cope easily with florid passages, allied to a musicianship of great individuality and infectious flair. Them voice is not without its critics; a pronounced vibrato that in the lower part of the voice became almost a machine-gun rattle, ‘as strong as the rattle of ice in a glass, or dice in a box', in a comment attributed to the British critic, Philip Hope-Wallace.
Many who heard them in the flesh have said that this vibrato was more evident on records than on the stage – an example of the microphone exaggerating a singer's faults. In the 1920s Supervía sang at La Scala as Hänsel in Engelbert Humperdinck's Hänsel und Gretel but, strangely, they never sang the Rossini roles or Carmen at La Scala though they sang there in every season until 1929.
Death
Later, during their career, pregnancy forced them to cancel their planned appearances in the autumn of 1935. On 29 March 1936 they entered a London clinic to await the birth of their baby, which was stillborn on 30 March; a few hours later they themselves died. They were buried with their baby daughter, in a grave designed by Edwin Lutyens, in the Liberal Jewish Cemetery in Willesden, northwest London. The grave, which had fallen into disrepair, was refurbished by a group of admirers and re-consecrated in October 2006.
References
Notes
Sources
Appolonia, Georgio (1992), Le voci di Rossini, Torino: EDA. pp. 414–419.
Steane, J. B. (1983), The Grand Tradition: Seventy Years of Singing on Record. Amadeus Press. .
Steane, J.B., (2003), "Singers of the Century" Vol II".
External links
Conchita Supervía at Basso Cantante
Conchita Supervía - includes a digitally restored vinyl copy of their recording of "Il Était un Roi de Thulé" (1932)
Conchita Supervia's discography can be searched at the Library of Catalonia
Conchita Supervía Rubenstein at findagrave.com
1895 births
1936 deaths
Operatic mezzo-sopranos
Opera singers from Catalonia
Conservatori Superior de Música del Liceu alumni
Singers from Barcelona
Fonotipia Records artists
Burials at Liberal Jewish Cemetery, Willesden
20th-century Spanish women opera singers
Deaths in childbirth
"Taste the Feeling" is a song by Swedish DJ Avicii and Australian singer Conrad Sewell. The song was released as a digital download in March 2016. The track is a Coca-Cola released promotional song for their campaign "Taste the Feeling" campaign and soundtracked all of Coke's UEFA Euro 2016 ad campaign and its 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics campaign.
Composition
Avicii said in a statement; "It means a lot to be involved in this project. When Coca-Cola approached me about making their anthem for the UEFA Euro 2016 campaign I could tell that it was going to be a really fun and a creative way to make a track that would connect with one of the biggest football events in the world". Sewell said; "Working with Avicii was great. He's a genuine lad and incredibly talented. I've always been a fan of their production. Being able to spend time with them at their studio in Sweden was great, because it gave us an opportunity to really vibe and get to know each other. We had a chance to dig in and make the song a great balance of both of our musical signatures, and feel like we created something that we are both proud of and can stand alone as a great piece of music, hopefully even a hit!"
Critical reception
Robbie Daw of Idolator wrote; "'Taste The Feeling' finds Aussie vocalist Sewell crooning about standing on the shore but yearning to 'grab another Coke' and take a dive. It's basically the same type of harmless, feel-good pop track Chris Brown whipped together in 2008 for Wrigley's, with Doublemint smash 'Forever,' except this one doesn't quite have the lasting, um, flavor 'Forever' did."
John Cameron of We Got This Covered wrote; "Just when you thought Avicii couldn't get any Avicii-er, the Swedish superstar DJ/producer has managed to discard any semblance of street cred they might still have had. As part of an ad campaign with Coca-Cola, they teamed up with vocalist Conrad Sewell on 'Taste The Feeling,' which has to be the most repulsively generic piece of music on which either artist will ever put their name."
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Producers – Avicii
Lyrics – Conrad Sewell
Label – Avicii Music / Universal Music / 300
Charts
Versions
On May 18, 2016 Luan Santana released a version of the song. The music video was recorded in São Paulo, directed by Pedro Sokol and Fabiano Pierri, with production by Dudu Borges and also featured touches by Luan Santana himself, who attributed elements to the composition.
On July 29, 2016, the group NCT 127 released the Korean version of the song for the project Station in collaboration with Coca-Cola.
On September 14, 2016 a new version of the song featuring Spanish singer Edurne appeared advertising Coca-Cola for the Spanish speaking world.
Abraham Mateo released their own version of the song on January 25, 2017 sung in Spanish.
Lali released a new version of the song in Spanish as part of a Coca-Cola Spain campaign.
On May 4, 2017 Greek band Onirama released a Greek version of the song as part of a Coca-Cola campaign, introducing a new zero-calorie stevia-flavoured product.
K-pop girl group Mamamoo released a new Korean-language version of “Taste the Feeling” on November 9, 2017. It was announced that this version will serve as a theme song for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
Coca-Cola is paying tribute to its local heritage in Belarus with the release of local language version of the "Taste the Feeling" by Belerusian Indi Pop duo NaviBand on June 25, 2017.
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
Avicii songs
Conrad Sewell songs
Song recordings produced by Avicii
"Falta Amor" () is a song recorded by Colombian singer Sebastián Yatra and Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin. A solo version was originally included on Yatra's second studio album, Fantasía (2019). A few months after the release of the album, Martin joined Yatra to re-record the song. It was written by Andrés Torres, Mauricio Rengifo, and Yatra, while the production was handled by the former two. The duet was released as a single for digital download and streaming by Universal Music Latino on March 26, 2020.
A Spanish language pop rock and Latin pop ballad, the song speaks of a man who had a good relationship with their partner, but they suddenly left him. The song received widely positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its lyrics and the singers' vocals. "Falta Amor" was nominated for Best Pop Song at the 10th Annual Latino Show Music Awards. The song reached the top 10 in Argentina, Costa Rica, and Ecuador, as well as the top 20 in Bolivia, Latin America, and Uruguay. It was certified Latin platinum in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
An accompanying music video, released simultaneously with the song, was directed by Carlos Perez and filmed in Los Angeles, California. The video depicts Yatra and Martin gently grieve a detached love in a ruined factory, fronting a rock band and a group of masked dancers who do a choreography. To promote "Falta Amor", Yatra performed it for Radio Disney's Separados Pero Juntos and MTV's Juntos A Distancia both in 2020. Several artists have recorded their own cover versions of the song, most notably Tini.
Background and release
On March 3, 2019, Sebastián Yatra announced that their second studio album would be titled Fantasía and shared its artwork on social media. 10 days later, Billboard revealed the album's track list in an article, mentioning it being set for release on April 12, 2019. Yatra told the magazine about the album: "I hope that with this album, we renew the votes [for] the Latin pop/ballad, a genre that I respect and value immensely and that has marked my life." Fantasía was released for digital download and streaming by Universal Music Latino on the specified date and a solo version of "Falta Amor" was included as the second track. In an interview with Billboard, Yatra chose seven key tracks from the album, including "Falta Amor", and explained the stories behind them. They told the magazine that "Falta Amor" is "a song that is the favorite of many".
During an interview with Billboard Argentina, Yatra described the track as one of their favorites, saying it "sounds super good". They explained in other interviews that they sent it to Ricky Martin months before the album came out, hoping for them to record a collaboration for the album. Three days ahead of the album's release date, Martin wrote back to them and explained that they had been busy at the time, but they loved the song and hoped for a chance to record it together. Thus, Yatra canceled a music video that they had planned to release in two days, and waited for Martin to join him. Yatra explained:
In an interview with Rolling Stone, Yatra said about collaborating with Martin: "Singing with Ricky Martin is just insane. I would have never thought it possible in [this] lifetime. It's huge not only as a Latino, but for any person that loves music." They also told the Associated Press that Martin raised the track "a lot with their voice". Additionally, Martin stated about the song during an Instagram Live: "Falta Amor brings me back to my beginnings like my song Vuelve. It brings me back to those big ballads that we used to sing back in the day that touched so many people. [...] Falta Amor is that song we need right now. We were supposed to drop this back in January but for some divine reason, it came out now." The re-made version was released as a single for digital download and streaming by Universal Music Latino on March 26, 2020, almost six months after its recording. "Falta Amor" marked the first collaboration between Yatra and Martin. The song was later added to Yatra's compilation extended play Hecho x Sebas: Directo al Corazon (2021).
Music and lyrics
Musically, "Falta Amor" is a Spanish language pop rock and Latin pop ballad, with elements of urban. It was written by Colombian musicians Andrés Torres, Mauricio Rengifo, and Yatra. The production was handled by Torres and Rengifo, and the track runs for a total of 3 minutes and 23 seconds. Clarín staff described it as "a ballad of heartbreak, with the fresh sound of Yatra pop".
Lyrically, "Falta Amor", which translates to "Missing Love" in English, is about a man who had a good relationship with their partner, but they suddenly left him. Yatra explained to Billboard that the story behind the song was influenced by a couple close to him. It focuses on a painful statement for a person who refuses to open their heart and let themselves be loved, beginning with disappointment. Then, the emotion grows until it reaches the hope of forgiveness and finding a new love. The lyrics include: "Y entre más lo intento, más me cuesta soltarte / No, me duele el vacío que dejas por dentro / Me duele inventarme falsos sentimientos / ¿Cómo viviré con tanto sufrimiento?" (And the more I try, the harder it is for me to let go / No, the emptiness you leave inside hurts / It hurts to invent false feelings / How will I live with so much suffering?)
Critical reception
Upon release, "Falta Amor" was met with widely positive reviews from music critics. Carlos Rerucha from Cadena Dial said the song "was one of those dream collaborations that we all expected" for 2020, and it is "the success we deserved". They described the song as "an intense ballad that does not lose its power neither in the musical nor in the lyrical plane", continuing by praising its verses for piercing the listeners' hearts and reflecting "the pain of a heartbreak that is difficult to overcome". Clarín staff commented that the lyrics "seem to fit in the ravages created by the coronavirus pandemic". Umberto Antonio Olivo from Periodico Daily complimented "Falta Amor", saying "two wonderful voices managed to convey a lot". Univision's Lideny Villatoro wrote about the release of the song: "The most awaited moment arrived." They also expressed their joy with the fact that people can "finally enjoy the talented voices" of Yatra and Martin "in a single song". Suzy Exposito from Rolling Stone labeled it "a soulful revamp" and "an evocative duet", saying Martin "tempers Yatra's heartache with their croon". An author of LatinPop Brasil added, "the new version of the hit" promotes "bringing more love to people, inspiring smiles and good vibes" during the pandemic.
Pip Ellwood-Hughes from Entertainment Focus stated: "The rising star and the legend team up to make some magic." Billboard reviewer Suzette Fernandez said Yatra and Martin joined forces "to revive romantic music with their heartbreaking ballad". They added that the song "brings back the romanticism from the early 2000s". Juan Vicente from Los 40 wrote that the song "can become one of the great ballads of 2020" in its own right, seeing a "wonderful collaboration". Also from Los 40, Olga Reyna stated: "We already needed a ballad like this!" Shock.co staff stated: "Both singers are great pop performers and they make that clear on this track."
Accolades
Amazon Music ranked "Falta Amor" as the 62nd Best Latin song of 2020, and YouTube Music placed the song on their "Top Latin Pop 2020" playlist of the most streamed songs of the year. The track won the award for Pop Song of the Year (in Spanish) at the 2020 Premios Lo Más Escuchado. It was also nominated for Best Pop Song at the 10th Annual Latino Show Music Awards, but lost to "Los Besos" by Greeicy.
Commercial performance
"Falta Amor" debuted at number 19 on the US Latin Pop Airplay chart on August 15, 2020, becoming Yatra's 20th entry on the chart and Martin's 52nd. The song also extended Martin's own record as the artist with the most top 20s on the chart, with 49 songs. On the US Latin Digital Song Sales chart, it peaked at number seven, becoming Yatra's sixth top 10 hit and Martin's 11th. In March 2021, the song was certified Latin platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), for track-equivalent sales of over 60,000 units in the United States. Besides the US, "Falta Amor" reached the top 10 in Argentina, Costa Rica, and Ecuador, as well as the top 20 in Bolivia, Latin America, and Uruguay.
Music videos
An animated music video for the solo version was released via Yatra's YouTube channel, upon the release of the album on April 12, 2019. The video depicts a little boy caught on the middle of their parents' expected divorce. On March 24, 2020, Yatra uploaded a teaser for the collaboration's music video along with Martin on YouTube, announcing that it would be released simultaneously with the song on March 26. The video was released on the specified date. It was filmed in Los Angeles, California, and directed by Carlos Perez, who had previously directed the videos for Martin's singles "Tal Vez", "Jaleo", "The Best Thing About Me Is You", "Frío", "Come with Me", "Perdóname", "Fiebre", and "Tiburones (Remix)". In an interview with EFE, Yatra explained "Falta Amor" as the best video they have done in their career, as of March 2020.
The music video depicts Yatra and Martin gently mourn a broken love in an abandoned ruined industrial factory with an old piano and a burning car, fronting a rock band and a group of masked dancers who perform a choreography, writhing across a "wreckage". Shock.co staff labeled the visual "a sober and dark video in which the two interpreters shine", describing it as "pretty artistic". Vicente called the music video "a video clip of great beauty according to the lyrics" of the song. The video was nominated for Best Male Artist Video at the 2020 Premios Quiero. As of July 2022, the video has received over 100 million views on YouTube. On April 10, 2020, an accompanying lyric video was released on Yatra's YouTube channel.
Live performances and appearances in media
In May 2020, Yatra performed "Falta Amor" for Radio Disney's Separados Pero Juntos and MTV's Juntos A Distancia. They launched a challenge with the hashtag #MiCoverFaltaAmor, and several artists recorded their own cover versions of the song for the challenge, such as David Bisbal, Cali y El Dandee, Morat, Reik, Andreew, Izaak, and Mau y Ricky. Most notably, Argentine singer and Yatra's then-girlfriend Tini shared their own version on April 25, 2020. Besides the challenge, the track has also been covered by contestants on music talent shows. Isai Reyes performed the track on the second season of American singing competition television series La Voz in 2020. In the same year, Alex Sevilla and Kaii Jiménez competed in a battle of covering the song on season nine of La Voz Mexico in 2020, which Sevilla won.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Sebastián Yatra vocal, composer, lyricist
Ricky Martin vocal
Andrés Torres composer, lyricist, producer
Mauricio Rengifo composer, lyricist, producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
2020s ballads
2020 singles
2020 songs
Sebastián Yatra songs
Ricky Martin songs
Spanish-language songs
Pop ballads
Song recordings produced by Andrés Torres (producer)
Songs written by Sebastián Yatra
Rock ballads
Judicial-Legal Council – is an institution of the Republic of Azerbaijan which:
Organizes the judicial system and guarantees judicial independence,
Organizes candidate selection for vacant judge positions,
Evaluates judge's performance,
Provides replacements for vacant positions and decides on promotions,
Arranges disciplinary liability,
Solves other issues related to judges and court's competence ·and
Performs self-governance functions of the judicial power.
History
The Judicial-Legal Council has been operating since February 2005. The council consists of 15 members including 9 judges, as well as other representatives of the government and representatives of the prosecutor's office. Together, the parties provide structure and advocacy in the judicial procedure.
The organization of initial and continuous training of judges, evaluation of the activity, the replacement of position, promotion, the arrangement of disciplinary liability and other activities related to their performance have been included to the authority of this institution.
The basis of the Judicial-Legal Council's activities are: the Constitution of the Republic of Azerbaijan; international agreements wherein the Republic of Azerbaijan is one of the parties; Laws of the Republic of Azerbaijan ‘On Judicial-Legal Council', ‘On Courts and Judges' and other normative legal acts of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
The Judicial-Legal Council is the permanent operating independent body; it does not depend organizationally or financially on legislative, executive and court bodies, local self-government institutions, or legal and physical people. The Judicial-Legal Council operates mutually with legislative, executive and court bodies, the Collegium of Advocates of Azerbaijan, scientific organizations.
The Judicial-Legal Council Staff
The Judicial-Legal Council staff is established for organizational activities on preparation of meetings, holding the meeting minutes of the council, execution of decisions made by the council, as well as solving other issues related to authority of the board.
The status of the Judicial-Legal Council staff is accepted as equal to the status of the Supreme Court of the Republic of Azerbaijan. The staff operates according to the regulations approved by the Judicial-Legal Council. Judicial-Legal council staff members are public servants. The Judicial-Legal Council determines the structure and staff within the limits of the fund allocated from the state budget.
Training Sector of the Judicial-Legal Council
Taking into account the importance of the judges' training, Training Sector of Judges and State Prosecutors was established in 2007 under the Judicial-Legal Council consisting of high-level judges. It was based on international norms in this area.
Sector launched its operation in 2007, consisted of three judges of the courts from the higher instance and one prosecutor. Training by the sector is based on voluntary principle, the training program is compiled taking into account judges' wishes as well.
Therefore, surveys are held while drafting training course program, areas and topics are known which need to be taught, programs on different areas are prepared on this basis.
Judges choose ongoing training course themselves which they want to participate on their calendar plan.
At the same time, according to the new legislation it is intended to involve judge candidates to the initial long-term training. The training program of this course, which runs throughout the year, is based on international experience, topics on human rights protection, judicial ethics, fight against corruption and other actual issues are included to the program.
In addition to increasing the theoretical knowledge of candidates for the judges within the framework of the course, they will also be trained in various courts.
Lectures of high instance court judges, outstanding scholars, experts with deep knowledge and experience are arranged during the course.
Judges Selection Committee
Judges Selection Committee is formed in accordance with the law of Azerbaijan Republic ‘On the Judicial-Legal Council' and ‘On Courts and Judges', accept the documents of non-judge candidates for vacant positions, arrange written and oral examinations for admission to training courses in order to master this profession, involve candidates for the judge post to primary long-term courses, determine their suitability to the judge post through an interview.
Duties of the Judicial-Legal Council
The Judicial-Legal Council has the following duties:
Submits proposals to the relevant executive authority of the Republic of Azerbaijan on the organization of the courts (location, territorial jurisdiction and the total number of judges) ;
Organizes the selection of candidates for judge posts;
Evaluate judges' performance, the organization of the judicial activity by chairperson of the court, deputy of chairpeople and chairpeople of the judicial boards;
Discuss issues on position change of judges, their promotion, extension of term of powers, appointment of chairperson of courts of the Azerbaijan Republic, deputy of chairpeople and chairperson of judicial boards from appointed judges except chairpeople of Supreme Court of the Republic of Azerbaijan, appeal courts, Supreme Court of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, The court of Grave Crimes. Dismissal of mentioned people or appointment to the other post is discussed as well;
Calls the judge back to their position who has been sent on the official journey at the initiative of this judge or the institution where they have been sent;
Take measures for raising the level of professional skills of judges, preparation of candidates for judge positions;
Carries out financial support of candidates for judge positions sent to primary long-term courses;
Take measures for ensuring independence of judges and prevention of outside interference in the courts' performance;
Provides legal and information support of judicial activity;
Makes suggestions on material-technical supply and funding of the courts;
Confirms the Ethics Code of Judges;
Confirms card copies of judges;
Reviews rewarding issues of judges and their disciplinary action;
Reviews applications for termination of judges' power and criminal prosecution
Terminates the powers of the judges in case of the first part of Article 113 of the Law of the Republic of Azerbaijan "On Courts and Judges", decides early termination of the powers of judges in case of the first and 3-5th point of the second part of Article 113 of the Law of the Republic of Azerbaijan "On Courts and Judges";
Reviews applications and complaints, as well as complaints on decisions of Judges Selection Committee;
Performs other duties defined by the legislation.
See also
Judiciary of Azerbaijan
References
Judiciary of Azerbaijan
Lanoh may refer to:
Lanoh people, an ethnic group of Malaysia
Lanoh language, a language of Malaysia
The Federal Treasury () is a federal executive body (federal service), which exercises enforcement functions to ensure the execution of the federal budget, cash servicing the execution of the budgets of the budget system of the Russian Federation, preliminary and current control over the conduct of operations with federal budget funds by the main administrators, managers and recipients of the federal budget. It was created pursuant decree of the President of the Russian Federation № 1556 signed on December 8, 1992 and resolution of the Government of Russia of August 27, 1993 № 864. The Regulation on the Federal Treasury was approved by Decree of the Government of the Russian Federation of December 1, 2004 No. 703 “On the Federal Treasury”. Starting January 1, 2005, the Federal Treasury was separated from the Ministry of Finance with conversion to a federal service subordinate to that ministry and managed by it. The Treasury's headquarters is in the Apartment building of Joseph Volokolamski Compound () in central Moscow.
Tasks and responsibilities
Resolution of the Government of the Russian Federation of December 1, 2004 No. 703 assigns the following powers to the Federal Treasury:
communicates to the main administrators, administrators and recipients of the federal budget funds the indicators of the consolidated budget list, the limits of budgetary obligations and the amount of financing;
Keep records of cash execution of the federal budget;
Open accounts in the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and credit organizations for accounting for funds from the federal budget and other funds in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, establishes the regimes of accounts of the federal budget;
Opens and maintains personal accounts of chief administrators, administrators and recipients of federal budget funds;
Maintains a consolidated register of the main administrators, administrators and recipients of the federal budget;
Keeps track of indicators of the consolidated budget list of the federal budget, limits of budgetary obligations and their changes;
Compiles and submits to the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation operational information and reports on the implementation of the federal budget, reports on the *Execution of the consolidated budget of the Russian Federation;
Receives in the prescribed manner from the main managers of the federal budget, executive bodies of the constituent entities of the Russian Federation, state extra-budgetary funds and local governments the materials necessary for reporting on the implementation of the federal budget and the consolidated budget of the Russian Federation;
Carries out the distribution of income from the payment of federal taxes and fees between the budgets of the budget system of the Russian Federation in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation;
Carries out forecasting and cash planning of federal budget funds;
Manages operations on a single account of the federal budget;
Provides cash services for budget execution of the budget system of the Russian Federation in the established manner;
Provides cash payments from the budgets of the budget system of the Russian Federation on behalf of and on behalf of the relevant bodies that collect budget revenues, or recipients of funds from these budgets, personal accounts of which are open in the established procedure at the Federal Treasury;
See also
Federal budget of Russia
Economy of Russia
Russian rouble
References
Government agencies of Russia
Government agencies established in 1992
Economy of Russia
Muzkent, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
The Central Field is located to the east of Khafre's causeway and extends to the pyramid town of Queen Khentkaus I. One of the main excavators of the central field is Selim Hassan. The central field is located at the site of some large stone quarries that provided the stones for the construction of the first two pyramids at Giza. Hence the tombs date to the later part of the Fourth Dynasty and later. The tombs from the 4th Dynasty include those of queens Persenet, Khamerernebty II, Rekhetre, Khentkaus I and Bunefer, as well as several royal sons.
4th Dynasty tombs
The tombs form the 4th Dynasty include several royal wives, sons and daughters.
References
Giza Plateau
Archaeological sites in Egypt
Sale' Key (born November 3, 1981) is an American football player who is a free agent. They played as a wide receiver for Idaho State University. They were signed as an undrafted free agent by the Cincinnati Bengals in 2005.
Professional career
Jacksonville Sharks
Key played for the Jacksonville Sharks in 2010 and 2011. The Sharks won ArenaBowl XXIV in 2011.
San Antonio Talons
Key was assigned to the San Antonio Talons during the 2012 season. In the month of April, Key missed 3 weeks with an injury.
Key returned to the Talons in 2013. They were reassigned by the Talons on July 11, 2013.
References
External links
Jacksonville Sharks Bio
1981 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American football linebackers
Idaho State Bengals football players
Idaho State University alumni
Memphis Xplorers players
Utah Blaze players
New Orleans VooDoo players
People from Citrus Heights, California
Tulsa Talons players
Jacksonville Sharks players
San Antonio Talons players
Sportspeople from Sacramento County, California
Players of American football from California
Cincinnati Bengals players
Pretty Girl Special Edition, also known as Honey, is a repackaged of South Korean girl group Kara's second EP Pretty Girl (2008). It was released digitally on February 12, 2009, with a physical release on February 18, 2009.
In contrast to Pretty Girl'''s cute and lively concept, the title track "Honey" is more wistful and features the members of Kara as soft, feminine women. The song was remixed from the original version, and also underwent a slight name change from "" (Ha-ni) to "Honey". It is considered the group's first hit.
Background
"Good Day, Season 2" was the group's first digital single. It is a remix of "Good Day" from their first mini-album "Rock U". It was released on October 13, 2008, and later included on the Honey EP. It was rearranged by Han Jae Ho and Kim Seung Soo, the same people who produced Kara's "Rock U", as well as the original soundtrack of the hit drama series "달콤한 나의 도시: My Sweet Seoul", the songs "You Are My Heaven" and "Find" by SS501, and "고맙다" ("Thank You") by Kim Hyun Joong.
A repackaged mini-album edition of the Pretty Girl EP was scheduled to be released on February 19, but was then moved up a day to February 18. The new EP features "Honey", various remixes of "Pretty Girl", and a remix "Good Day Season 2", a song that was initially only given a digital release.
The second single from the EP was "Honey". Kara filmed the music video for "Honey" on February 10. The music video was to be released on February 17 but was moved up a day to February 16. The music video features the girls in pure angelic dresses sitting at home.
Promotion
The group debuted "Honey" on KBS's Music Bank program on February 13, 2009.
Commercial performance
The Gaon Music Chart was launched in February 2010 as the official chart for South Korea, a year after the EP was released. The mini album entered at number 84 on the Gaon Album Chart for the second week of 2010 and peaked at number 2 on the week ending April 17, 2010. It spent three non-consecutive weeks in the top 10 in 2010 and became their second top 5 album as well as their third top 10 album.
Kara member Han Seung-yeon noted that the title track "Honey" climbed the charts much faster than "Pretty Girl" did, while Goo Hara stated that the song appealed to an older age group.
After a few weeks, "Honey" achieved its first #1 on M.Net's M Countdown'' show on March 5, 2009. The song also won the first-place award on SBS's Inkigayo program.
Track listing
Charts
References
2009 EPs
Kara (South Korean band) EPs
The 2009 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials were held December 6–13, 2009 at Rexall Place in Edmonton. The event is also known and advertised as Roar of the Rings. The winner of the men's and women's events represented Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympics. Canada was guaranteed a team in each event as hosts.
Canadian Olympic qualification process
For both men's and women's categories, a pool of sixteen teams is designated as eligible to be Canada's representative at the 2010 Olympics. From the pool of sixteen, four teams are selected to qualify directly for the 2009 Canadian Curling Trials, "The 2009 Roar of the Rings". The remaining twelve teams compete in a pre-trials tournament, which is a triple-knockout bonspiel, with four teams advancing to the eight-team trials. The winner of the trials represents Canada at the 2010 Olympics.
Pool of sixteen
For each of the three curling seasons from 2006–07 to 2008–09, four teams are named to the pool of sixteen, resulting in a total of twelve teams in the pool by the end of the 2008–09 season. The four teams are the following:
winner of the Canadian Men's/Women's Curling Championships
winner of the Canada Cup tournament
winner of the Players' Championships
leader in the Canadian Team Ranking System for that season
If a team qualifies under more than one criterion (for example, a team wins both the Canada Cup and is the leader in the CTRS standings) or has already qualified in a previous season, then the four spots for that season are rounded out by selecting the highest ranked teams in the season's CTRS standings that have not already qualified.
To select the remaining four teams for the pool of sixteen, after the 2008–2009 season, from the teams that have not already qualified, the highest ranked teams are chosen, based on three-season, two-season, and one-season rankings. The rankings are determined by adding up the CTRS points earned by each team in their best events in each season.
If a team's membership changes from one season to another, the CTRS points earned by the team are divided amongst the individual players and allocated to their new teams.
Direct qualifiers to the Olympic Trials
From the pool of sixteen, the first four teams who meet any one of the following criteria (in order of priority) will be qualified directly for the Canadian Olympic Trials.
team leads the CTRS standings in two of the three curling seasons from 2006–07 to 2008–09
team wins three of the following events in the seasons from 2006–07 to 2008–09:
Canada Cup tournament
Players' Championships
Canadian Men's/Women's Curling Championships
World Curling Championships
team not yet qualified for the Olympic Trials with the highest CTRS point total from 2006–07 to 2008–09, using the same formula used to qualify teams to the pool of sixteen
team not yet qualified for the Olympic Trials with the highest CTRS point total from 2007–08 to 2008–09, using the same formula used to qualify teams to the pool of sixteen
Pre-trials qualifier
The pre-trials tournament was held on November 10–15, 2009 at the CN Centre in Prince George, British Columbia. The twelve teams from the pool of sixteen that did not qualify directly for the Olympic trials participated in a triple-knockout competition that selected four additional teams to compete in the Olympic Trials.
Qualified teams
Man 's
Woman 's
Men's Tournament Brackets
A Event
B Event
C Event
Women's Tournament Brackets
A Event
B Event
C Event
Olympic Trials
Qualified teams
Man 's
Woman 's
Men's Tournament
Standings
Draw 1
December 6, 6:00pm
Draw 2
December 7, 1:00pm
Draw 3
December 8, 8:30am
Draw 4
December 8, 6:00pm
Draw 5
December 9, 1:00pm
Draw 6
December 10, 8:30am
Draw 7
December 10, 6:00pm
Semifinal
December 12, 1:00pm
Final
December 13, 1:00pm
Women's Tournament
Standings
Draw 1
December 6, 1:00pm
Draw 2
December 7, 8:30am
Draw 3
December 7, 6:00pm
Draw 4
December 8, 1:00pm
Draw 5
December 9, 8:30am
Draw 6
December 9, 7:30pm
Draw 7
December 10, 1:00pm
Tiebreaker 1
December 11, 8:30am
Tiebreaker 2
December 11, 1:00pm
Semifinal
December 11, 6:00pm
Final
December 12, 6:00pm
References
External links
Draw Schedule
See also
2010 Winter Olympics
Qualification for the 2010 Winter Olympics
Curling at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic Curling Trials, 2009
Canadian Olympic Curling Trials
Curling in Alberta
Sport in Edmonton
2009 in Alberta
December 2009 sports events in Canada
The Stele of Genghis Khan (, ), also known as the Stele of Yisüngge, is a granite stele inscribed with a dedication to Yisüngge, nephew of Genghis Khan, for performing a feat of archery during a gathering of noyans after the Mongol conquest of the Khwarazmian Empire, dated to c. 1224–1225. It was discovered in 1802, close to the remains of Khirkhira, a 13th-century settlement in Transbaikal that served as the center of the territories of Qasar and their descendants. Since 1936 it has kept at the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
It is important for containing the first known inscription in Mongolian Script.
History
According to the inscription, the stele commemorates an event that occurred in the settlement of Buqa Sočiγai, whose location is unknown. It was found, however, near Khirkhira in the Transbaikal region, which according to the Jami' al-tawarikh, was part of the Ulus of Qasar.
Rediscovery
The first message about a stone with an inscription carved with "oriental inscriptions" was left by Russian historian and explorer Grigory Spassky in the journal Sibirskii Vestnik (Siberian Bulletin) in 1818. Later it turned out that the stone was discovered in 1802, not far from the remains of a settlement known as Khirkhira. Khirkhira was located on a low terrace above the flood-plain, close to the mouth of the Khirkhira River, which, through the Urulyunguy River, was a tributary of the Argun River.
Local interpreters were able to read the initial two words of the inscription, "Genghis Khan", which led to it being named the "Stele of Genghis Khan". The stele was for a time kept in the "Natural History" room at the mining school of Nerchinsky Zavod. Between 1829 and 1832, along with a load of gold, it was transported to Saint Petersburg, during which period it was accidentally broken in the middle.
Once in Saint Petersburg, it was first transferred to the Ministry of Finance and then to the Academy of Sciences and embedded in the wall in the entrance hall of the Asiatic Museum. In 1936, it was transferred to the Hermitage, to this day occupying a central place in the permanent exhibition of the Mongolian Art Hall in the third floor of the museum.
Copies
Copies of the stele exist in various museums, including the National Museum of Mongolia in Mongolia and the Inner Mongolia Museum in Inner Mongolia.
A volumetric model of the stele was created in 2017 by the Hermitage's Laboratory for Science Restoration of Precious Metals, so that an exact polymer replica could be grown layer-by-layer. The replica was presented to Mongolia in 2019 to be placed in the under-construction Genghis Khan Museum in Ulaanbaatar.
Inscription
The text of the stele consists of 5 lines - the first line, containing the name Genghis Khan is elevated as a sign of respect, as is the fourth line that contains the name of their nephew Yisüngge (but lower than the first). The scribe's writing style is also uncommon, as they write a few distinct letters with the same forms, such as ᠭ(γ) and ᠬ(q), making the stele somewhat difficult to read.
According to Igor de Rachewiltz (2010), the inscription reads (with letters in parentheses being unclear):
As the ald is a unit of measure equal to the length between someone's outstretched arms, approximating 160 cm = one ald results in 335 ald being equal to ~536 m.
References
13th-century inscriptions
Steles
Monuments and memorials in Russia
Collection of the Hermitage Museum
History of the Mongolian language
Mongolia–Russia relations
mn:Чингисийн чулууны бичиг
In the National Basketball Association (NBA), a sign-and-trade deal is a type of transaction allowed by the collective bargaining agreement (CBA) where one franchise/team signs an unrestricted free agent or restricted free agent player to a new contract, only to then immediately trade them to another team of the player's choosing. This is typically done to enable the player to obtain a higher salary and/or greater number of years on their contract than NBA salary cap rules would ordinarily allow a destination team that signs them directly to a contract.
Benefits and function
The sign-and-trade helps NBA teams capitalize on financial assets that they would otherwise lose—with nothing gained in return—if a player became a free agent. It is a factor in the departing player's increased salary and extended contract. It helps the team gaining the player, by enabling it to offer a better/more economically competitive contract to the player, than otherwise would be allowed under league rules. Often, circumstances arise wherein a team—knowing that one of its players is planning on pursuing (unrestricted) free agency in the coming off-season—knows that another NBA team is sure to sign him. The unrestricted free agency status prevents the team from stopping or financially benefiting from a new deal the player may sign with any other team(s); so, the player could sign with another team, leaving the original team with neither money nor a replacement (i.e., a player traded from the acquiring team, to them) player, in exchange. However, because the original team starts out as the player's current contract holder, the team can offer the player more money per year than any other team, and, can sign the player to a longer-lasting contract—per the league's CBA. Therefore, it is in the player's economic best interests to get the richest/longest deal possible by re-signing with the current team, then be traded to the new team—which, under NBA rules, will be obligated to honor the newly signed contract's terms—rather than pursue outright free agency, alone. The player's original team will receive players, cash, and/or (future) draft picks in return for the departing player, depending on the terms of the trade.
As of the 2017 CBA, sign and trade contracts of five years are forbidden, since the player would not be allowed to sign outright for five years with their new team. Nevertheless, the sign and trade allows players to sign with a new team who is already over the cap for more than the mid level exception amount of approximately $10 million, and in some cases can give the player's old team a trade exception subject to base year compensation rules.
Restrictions
Under terms of the current CBA, sign-and-trades come with many significant restrictions. Transactions under this rule require all of the following to be true:
The player must re-sign with their former team.
Additionally, the player must have been on the team's roster at the end of the immediately previous season. This provision, introduced with the 2011 CBA and maintained in the 2017 CBA, closed a loophole that allowed a team to sign-and-trade any player to whom it held "Bird rights", regardless of whether the player was active in the league. An example of such a transaction banned under the current CBA is the Dallas Mavericks' inclusion of Keith Van Horn in the trade for Jason Kidd in order to match salary.
While restricted free agents can be signed and traded, this is not allowed if that player has signed an offer sheet with another team.
The team receiving the player cannot have a payroll that exceeds the so-called "apron"—a designated level above the NBA luxury tax threshold—after the trade. A team with a payroll above the apron can only receive a player in a sign-and-trade if the transaction drops that team's payroll below the apron. Once the transaction is complete, the team receiving the player is hard capped at the apron for the entire season.
The receiving team cannot have used the so-called "taxpayer mid-level exception" in that season. The taxpayer mid-level exception is a limited financial buffer that teams with total payroll above the luxury tax threshold must use to sign players for up to 3 years.
The regular season has not yet started.
The player must receive a contract of either 3 or 4 years (not including any option years), where only the first year must be fully guaranteed. (5-year sign-and-trade contracts were abolished in the 2017 CBA to disincentivize the transaction.) In turn, this means that they cannot be signed using a salary cap exception that does not allow the team to offer a 3-year contract.
Rescission
Sign-and-trades are considered to be "atomic transactions". Under NBA rules, if the acquiring team voids the trade, then the new contract signed with the initial team is voided as well. This prevents the initial team from being 'stuck' with a player they either do not want and/or cannot afford to keep under the terms of the signed contract. The player is also protected from being contractually obligated to a new team that they may no longer want to work for. Such an event happened in 2005, when small forward Shareef Abdur-Rahim was acquired by the New Jersey Nets in a sign-and-trade with the Portland Trail Blazers. The trade was subsequently canceled by the Nets, when a physical exam detected scar tissue (which increases the odds of future injury) in Abdur-Rahim's knee. As a result of the cancellation, Abdur-Rahim once again became a free agent; their new contract with the Trail Blazers (who had their "Bird rights") was voided, and they later signed with the Sacramento Kings.
Footnotes
References
National Basketball Association labor relations
Sougoumba is a small town and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Koningué in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The town is about 40 km southeast of Koutiala.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
The Alpine Institute was a Presbyterian mission school located in Overton County, Tennessee, United States. Operating in one form or another from 1821 until 1947, the school provided badly needed educational services to children living in the remote hill country of the Upper Cumberland region. In 2002, several of the school's surviving structures were added to the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district.
John Dillard (1793–1884), a minister affiliated with the Cumberland Presbyterian Church of Southern Appalachia, established the Alpine School atop Alpine Mountain in 1821 and expanded the school in the 1840s. The school was burned by bushwhackers during the Civil War and again by the Ku Klux Klan in the years after the war. The school was re-established in 1880 at its current location at the base of Alpine Mountain, and under the leadership of future Tennessee governor A. H. Roberts continued to thrive into the following decade. In 1917, the better-funded Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) assumed control of the school and helped it develop into one of the state's most competitive rural schools.
Location
The Alpine Institute was located along Highway 52 (Jamestown Highway) in the Alpine community, just over east of Livingston. This community is situated in a valley carved by Nettlecarrier Creek (which empties into the Obey River just east of Alpine), and is surrounded by high ridges on all sides, most notably the Alpine Mountain, which rises prominently to the south. A one-lane road, Campus Circle, accesses the church and adjacent buildings. The farm once operated by the school is accessible from Mountain Lane (which intersects Campus Circle near the church) and Pat Carr Lane.
History
Early history
John Dillard, a minister from Virginia who helped establish the Cumberland Presbyterian Church in 1810, is generally credited with the founding of "Alpine Academy" in 1821, although some sources argue their later partner Christopher Organ founded the school before 1821, while others suggest both men founded schools that were later merged. In any case, Dillard and Organ were working together by the 1840s, and had managed to build a relatively sizeable campus atop Alpine Mountain. The school's faculty during this period included Dillard's son, William, and future Illinois governor John Beveridge.
During the Civil War, law and order almost completely disappeared in the Upper Cumberland region, and the Alpine school was destroyed by bushwhackers. The school attempted to rebuild after the end of the war, but these efforts were thwarted when the Ku Klux Klan burned what remained of the school's campus. By 1866, Dillard had left the state, and efforts to re-establish the Alpine school were temporarily abandoned.
The Davis and Roberts years (1880s and 1890s)
In 1880, Alpine Academy was re-established at its current location in the Alpine community at the base of Alpine Mountain. The school initially had five faculty members who pursued "no stereotyped or threadbare system of instruction," and the school's first catalog listed an enrollment of 94 males and 48 females. Led by its able principal, W. T. Davis, the school continued to grow throughout the decade.
In 1891, Alpine native Albert H. Roberts (1868–1946)— who would later serve as governor of Tennessee— took over as the school's principal, and renamed the school "Alpine Institute." By this time, the school had six faculty members, of which three had college degrees. The school offered instruction in "primary," "intermediate," and "collegiate" courses. The intermediate curriculum included courses in geography, history, geology, and algebra. The collegiate curriculum included courses in geometry, trigonometry, botany, chemistry, and classical studies, namely Latin and Greek.
Presbyterian Church, USA (1917–1947)
After Roberts' departure, the Alpine Institute dropped its collegiate curriculum, and by the 1900s (decade) had devolved into an ordinary school. In 1913, the Presbyterian Church USA's National Missions superintendent for Middle Tennessee toured the Upper Cumberland, and noted that the Alpine school was meeting only three months out of the year. A subsequent survey found the region's rural areas to badly in need of basic educational facilities, and in 1917 the church's Board of Missions agreed to re-establish the Alpine Institute. The school's first class graduated in 1924.
A teacherage was built shortly after the school opened, and a larger school building, known as "Miller Hall," was completed in 1922. By the 1930s, the school had its own dispensary with a full-time nurse, a woodshop building, a manse, and two dormitories. The school's Christ Church Presbyterian, a Gothic Revival-style church, was completed in 1934. A gymnasium was built in 1939 with help from the Works Progress Administration. The school also operated a dairy farm where students could work rather than pay tuition.
As Tennessee's roads improved in the 1930s, rural schools began to consolidate. Overton County's public school system took over the operations of Alpine's grade school in 1936. This grade school was merged with several other schools to form A. H. Roberts Elementary School in Livingston in 1987. Alpine Institute's high school was closed in 1947, and its students were transferred to Livingston Academy.
The Alpine Institute campus today
While Alpine Institute's main school building no longer stands, several important structures associated with the school have survived. The Christ Church Presbyterian is well-maintained and still used for religious services. The school's gymnasium is now used as a community center, and the manse is still in use as a residence. Other surviving structures include the shop building and a dairy barn. The gymnasium, church, and shop building were all built using the same type of native stone.
See also
Vardy Community School
References
External links
Volunteer Voices - Bibliographic Records — several 1930s-era photographs of Alpine Institute (Records 10-14)
Buildings and structures in Overton County, Tennessee
Defunct schools in Tennessee
Works Progress Administration in Tennessee
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Overton County, Tennessee
1920 establishments in Tennessee
Capital punishment remains a legal penalty for multiple crimes in The Gambia. However, the country has taken recent steps towards abolishing the death penalty.
Execution methods
Under Gambian law, hanging and the firing squad are both permitted for executions. The Minister of Justice is tasked with deciding which method will be used in each execution. The Gambian Criminal Code historically called for executions to take place by hanging, and human rights organization Amnesty International published a 1989 document titled When the State Kills in which they identified hanging as Gambia's sole method of execution. However, in 2012, Gambia allegedly carried out nine executions by lethal injection.
Post-independence developments
The first person to be executed after Gambia won independence from the British Empire in 1965 was Mustapha Danso. Danso, a constable in the military of the Gambia, was convicted of murdering Emmanuel Mahoney, the deputy commander of the Gambia's paramilitary field force. The murder, which took place in October 1980, and Danso's conviction and death sentence in July 1981, led to an attempted coup d'état of the government on July 30, 1981. On September 30, 1981, they were executed in the nation's capital, Banjul. Until 2012, this was the most recent execution in the country.
Between independence from the British Empire in 1965 and their initial plans to abolish the death penalty in April 1993, 87 people were sentenced to death. Most of them were sentenced due to their involvement in an unsuccessful coup attempt against President Sir Dawda Jawara which took place on July 30, 1981. The coup attempt resulted in many deaths and many trials; by May 1984, there were 64 people involved in the coup attempt who were under death sentences. All of the sentences were commuted to life imprisonment by 1985. In September 1985, President Jawara announced publicly that they were personally opposed to the death penalty.
The number of death sentences in The Gambia steadily decreased from 1984 onward. Sometime in 1992, business person Lamin Darbo was convicted of murder and sentenced to death, becoming the first person to be sentenced to death by the Gambia since 1987. In January 1992, two men received death sentences for murder from the Supreme Court of The Gambia, and in March of the same year, a third man, also convicted of murder, was sentenced to death as well. However, on December 31, 1992, the two prisoners who received their death sentences in January 1992 allegedly had their death sentences commuted to life imprisonment.
In August 1991, Mamadu Jarju, a prisoner and a criminal suspect, was tortured and ultimately died in custody due to their mistreatment while in custody. Two police officers were judged to have been responsible for Jarju's death, and they went on trial in October 1991. In February 1992, the Supreme Court of The Gambia found them guilty of "assault occasioning bodily harm" and sentenced them to three years' imprisonment; a third officer was acquitted. Following that court decision, Gambia's Director of Public Prosecutions appealed both the acquittal and the court's failure to convict the other two officers of murder, as a murder conviction could have led to a death sentence. In December 1992, the third officer's acquittal was affirmed on appeal, but the Court of Appeal of The Gambia ruled that the other two officers should have been convicted of murder for Jarju's death, and they were sentenced to death afterwards.
In April 1993, President Jawara formally proposed abolishing the death penalty. The Gambian Parliament passed bills to remove the country's death penalty laws from their criminal code in April 1993 by overwhelmingly supportive margins. Between independence in 1965 and the initial abolition in 1993, only one execution, that of Danso, was carried out in the country.
In 1994, President Yahya Jammeh took power following a coup. In 1995, President Jammeh reinstated the death penalty.
21st century usage
In April 2011, The Gambia abolished the death penalty for drug offenses. In December 2011, there were approximately 42 inmates under a death sentence in the Gambia. Gambian law currently permits the death penalty for treason, murder, and terrorism. The Gambian Constitution specifically prohibits the death penalty for any civilian crimes other than murder.
Prior to 2012, the most recent execution in The Gambia had been that of Mustapha Danso in 1981. Like many sub-Saharan African nations, The Gambia had taken measures throughout the end of the 20th century and the beginning of the 21st century to reduce both the amount of crimes that were punishable by death, and the amount of prisoners that they would sentence to death.
On August 23, 2012, The Gambia ended a 31-year moratorium on executions with the executions of nine death row inmates. President Jammeh claimed that their motivation for carrying out the executions, and their plans to expand the list of crimes punishable by death in the Gambian criminal code, was motivated by a rising violent crime rate. Although some reports state that the executions were carried out by firing squad, other accounts state that they were all actually carried out by lethal injection; if the latter is true, it would have been the first time the country ever utilized that method of execution. Two of the executed inmates were Senegalese, including one woman. Three of the inmates had purportedly been executed for treason. Six were civilians, while three were members of the military. All of the inmates were convicted of crimes involving murder. One of the men executed was Lamin Darbo, the business person who was convicted of murder in 1992; the others were Lamin Jarju, L.F. Jammeh, Alieu Bah, Gibril Bah, Malang Sonko, Abubacar Yarbo, Dawda Bojang, and the female Senegalese national Tabara Samba. The executions took place at the infamous Mile 2 Prison located between Serrekunda and Banjul. At the time, there had been 47 or 48 condemned inmates on Gambia's death row. After the nine executions, the remaining 38 or 39 death row inmates were moved from their cells to the site where executions in the country took place, with officials announcing plans to execute them all by mid-September 2012. Gambian officials transported the bodies out of the prison via van, but they refused to disclose the locations where they had buried the executed inmates.
The executions, and The Gambia's plans to execute the rest of their death row inmates, drew worldwide condemnation, particularly from human rights groups. The African Union, the European Union, and the United Kingdom condemned the executions as well. Senegal also condemned the executions and demanded that The Gambia spare the life of another Senegalese national who was among the 38 or 39 inmates awaiting execution and remaining on death row. The executions were criticized for several reasons, with one being that at least three of the inmates (Malang Sonko, Tabara Samba, and Abubacar Yarbo) had not yet exhausted their appeals or had their cases heard by the Gambian Supreme Court, which was a violation of the Gambian Constitution. Amnesty International also claimed that the inmates were not informed that they were to be executed until they were removed from their cells and taken to the place of execution; the organization called the executions "a violation of international and regional human rights standards, as well as applicable national law." Several of the inmates, particularly those convicted of treason and other political crimes, were alleged to have not received fair, traditional trials or due process. On behalf of the United Nations' Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, Christof Heyns, assigned by the UN, sent a message to Gambian then-President Jammeh to condemn the completed and planned executions. The UN Special Rapporteur on Extrajudicial Executions and the UN Special Rapporteur on Torture criticized the "secret" and "arbitrary" nature of the executions, with the latter stating, "Secret executions violate the rights of the convict and the family members to prepare for death. . . . Secrecy and the refusal to hand over remains to families are especially cruel features of capital punishment." Four years after the executions, the families of the executed inmates still had not received the bodies.
Moratorium and moves towards abolition
In January 2012, Amadou Scattred Janneh, a former Minister of Information and Communication, was convicted of treason. However, the High Court in Banjul, a trial court, ordered them to be sentenced to a maximum of life imprisonment, as they found in sentencing them that the death penalty for treason was unconstitutional. In October of the same year, however, the Gambian Supreme Court upheld the death penalty for treason, albeit not in Amadou Janneh's case, and their life sentence was allowed to stand.
On 21 September 2017, Gambian President Adama Barrow signed the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. Countries that are signatories to the Second Optional Protocol commit themselves to abolishing the death penalty.
On February 18, 2018, while commemorating the 53rd anniversary of The Gambia's independence from the British Empire, Barrow announced an official moratorium on executions. The gesture was also part of Barrow's attempt to rebuild and introduce human rights reforms after the removal of authoritarian President Jammeh, a proponent of the death penalty, the previous year. In September of the same year, Gambia also formally ratified the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
On May 7, 2019, President Barrow commuted the death sentences of all 22 people remaining on The Gambia's death row. Alongside the commutations, the Attorney General and Minister of Justice, Abubacar Tambadou, announced The Gambia's commitment to abolishing the death penalty permanently. As of May 2019, Gambia has no prisoners under a death sentence. Officials from Amnesty International announced that they had met with President Barrow to discuss initiatives Barrow could take towards protecting Gambian human rights, involving abolishing the death penalty and commuting all death sentences to life imprisonment. Tambadou also acknowledged that public opinion on the death penalty among Gambian citizens is split and that the country is awaiting the results of a report by the Constitutional Review Commission (CRC) before taking further steps on the future of capital punishment.
References
Gambia, The
Law of the Gambia
Human rights abuses in the Gambia
Manassil Oru Manjuthulli is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2000.
Cast
Krishna Kumar as Mohandas
Nishanth Sagar as Manoj
Praveena as Maya
Jagathy Sreekumar as Parasahayam Adiyodi/Ramu
Kalpana as Rajamma
Saju Kodiyan as Manikandan
Manka Mahesh as Bharathi
References
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
The 1966 Colorado State Rams football team represented Colorado State University as an independent during the 1966 NCAA University Division football season. In their fifth season under head coach Mike Lude, the Rams compiled a 7–3 record.
Schedule
References
Colorado State
Colorado State Rams football seasons
Colorado State Rams football
Hazlewood Castle is a country residence, now a hotel, in North Yorkshire, England, by the A1 and A64 between Aberford and Tadcaster. It is one of the oldest fortified houses to survive in the whole of Yorkshire.
The site overlooked the battlefield for the Battle of Towton in 1461, and during the persecution of Catholics through the reign of Henry VIII provided refuge for Catholic priests.
History
The castle was built towards the end of the 13th century and was transformed into a mansion in the mid 18th century.
The first records of the house are to be found in the Domesday Book, described as being owned and occupied by Sir Mauger the Vavasour (a vavasour was a type of feudal liegeman). Hazlewood was then inhabited by descendants of the Vavasours for over 900 years. During the Second Barons' War (1264–1267) the chapel was burnt down by a rival branch of the Vavasour family. It was rebuilt in 1283 by Sir William Vavasour and in 1290 fortified and crenellated.
In 1217 Robert Vavasour was Sheriff of York and their statue was placed above the door of York Minster in recognition of the fact that they gave stone from their Tadcaster quarry to maintain the cathedral.
Sir William Vavasour was High Sheriff of Yorkshire for 1548 and 1563 and MP for Yorkshire in 1553. Their son John Vavasour was host to Mary, Queen of Scots on the night of 27 January 1569, when they passed through Wetherby en-route between Bolton Castle and Tutbury Castle.
John was convicted in 1610 of being a Catholic recusant. Their nephew and heir William was gaoled for five years in Newgate prison in London for the same reason. William's son Thomas was forced to pay an annual fine even though they had been made a baronet in 1628. The second Baronet was a Royalist during the Civil War and was obliged to flee to France, not returning until the restoration of the monarchy in 1660.
Under the 6th Baronet the house was substantially modernised. On the death of the unmarried 7th Baronet in 1826 the baronetcy was extinguished and the estate passed to Edward Stourton, a relative. In 1828 they took the name Vavasour and was made the 1st Baronet Vavasour of the second creation. In 1908 the Vavasour family sold Hazlewood and bought a sheep farm and land in the Awatere Valley, New Zealand and in the 1970s established the valley's first winery, Vavasour Winery. After 1908 the site changed hands many times over the following years. It was first owned by a solicitor named Simpson, whose family occupied it until 1953, although it also served as a maternity hospital during the Second World War (and afterwards until 1953). For a few years it then belonged to the Fawcett family until it was sold in 1958 to Donald Hart, who sold it on as a retreat for the Carmelite Friars from 1971 until 1996. At the time of the sale to the Carmelite Order, the building was listed and is now a grade I listed building.
Present-day
In 1997, after restoration, the house reopened as Hazlewood Castle Hotel-Restaurant-Café and Cookery School under the management of Richard Carr, John Benson-Smith and Alison Benson-Smith.
The Castle won Hotel of the year, Restaurant of the year and also Chef of the year and the Chef Director John Benson-Smith also appeared on BBC Master Chef as a judge.
Hazlewood was purchased by the Ashdale Hotels group in 2008, it has since continued to be a successful wedding venue and hotel.
References
External links
Hazlewood Castle website
Hotels in North Yorkshire
Country houses in North Yorkshire
Grade I listed buildings in North Yorkshire
Country house hotels
Jordan Nagai (born February 5, 2000) is an American student and former child voice actor.  They are best known for their voice role as Russell in Up.
Career
Jordan's older brother Hunter originally auditioned for Russell in Up. Director Pete Docter has said, "As soon as Jordan's voice came on we started smiling because they are appealing and innocent and cute and different from what I was initially thinking." About four hundred children had shown up for the auditions, but Nagai stood out because they wouldn't stop talking the whole time. Nevertheless, they were sometimes very shy, and Docter found it difficult getting them to recite all of their lines. Nagai's character in Up is the first Asian American figure in a movie by Pixar.
They also lent their voice to an episode of The Simpsons called "O Brother, Where Bart Thou?" as the voice of Charlie, an orphan who befriends Bart in their quest for a baby brother. The program aired on December 13, 2009. Nagai has not acted in anything since; instead, opting to pursue a career in biology and healthcare management.
Personal life
Nagai has studied judo since the age of 5, and in 2017, at the age of 17, they achieved a Black Belt.
They attend Washington University in St. Louis and is in the Class of 2022.
Filmography
Films
Up (2009) – Russell (voice)
Dug's Special Mission (2009) – Russell (voice)
Television
Schoolhouse Rock!: Earth – Additional Voices (voice)
The Simpsons (episode "O Brother, Where Bart Thou?") – Charlie (voice)
Dug Days - Russell (voice; archive recordings)
Video games
Up (2009) – Russell (voice)
Awards and nominations
2010 Breakout Performance Award, from the East West Players
References
External links
American male voice actors
American male child actors
Living people
American people of Japanese descent
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male actors of Japanese descent
Male actors from Los Angeles
21st-century American male actors
2000 births
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
83-42 is a rocky islet in the Arctic Ocean which may be the northernmost permanent point of land on Earth. It is also sometimes referred to as Eklipse 0, or Schmitt's Island, after its discoverer, Dennis Schmitt. It measures and in height, and lies from the North Pole. When it was discovered in 1998, lichens were found growing on it, suggesting it was not one of the temporary gravel bars commonly found in that region.
The island was discovered on 6 July 2003 by an American expedition led by Dennis Schmitt and Frank Landsberger. The expedition members gave it the unofficial name 83-42, reflecting its latitude of 83 degrees 42 minutes north.
To be recognized as land area it is required that the area permanently rise out of the water, even at high tide. Given its very small size, it is doubtful whether 83-42 has this property. According to its discoverer, 83-42 is composed of rocks and boulders, a relatively resistant material, and is not just a fleeting sand and gravel bank. The height of about above the water surface could indicate that 83-42 is a permanent island given the weak tidal effect in the Arctic Ocean. As of November 2007, however, the island was not officially recognized as land area.
In most geography books, Kaffeklubben Island is still listed as the northernmost point of land. If 83-42 is granted status as land, it will be the northernmost land area on Earth. Since the classification of a land area as an island is not dependent on the size of the land area, 83-42 would also become the most northerly island in the world. Other islands which have been proposed as the northernmost include ATOW1996, RTOW2001, and Oodaaq. However, these are not thought to be permanent islands, but rather semi-permanent gravel banks, moved around by waves and ice floes.
References
Uninhabited islands of Greenland
Neatkarīgā Rīta Avīze (Independent Morning Newspaper) is a Latvian language national daily newspaper in Latvia, published in Riga. Since 5 May 2020, it is only published online, with the last print edition coming out on 30 April 2022.
It is often known for its anti-LGBT, anti-government stance in Latvia, while others have criticised the newspaper for having close ties with oligarch Aivars Lembergs. Its stance has been described as nationalist.
History
The forerunner of the newspaper was the party organ of the Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party Cīņa (The Struggle) appearing since 1904. In 1919, Cīņa was taken over by the Communist Party of Latvia and remained the main party organ until 1990. With the restoration of Latvian independence in 1990, the newspaper's staff ceased collaborating with the party and formed Neatkarīgā Cīņa (The Independent Struggle) with new editors, which later become the Neatkarīgā Rīta Avīze.
Aivars Lembergs gained ownership of the paper in 1999, sometimes publishing their editorials there. In 2016, the publisher of Neatkarīgā Rīta Avīze was purchased by Nauris Kāpostiņš, a business person and brother-in-law of Aivars Lembergs' son, Anrijs Lembergs.
References
External links
Newspapers published in Latvia
Companies based in Riga
Mass media in Riga
Castelseprio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about south of Varese, bordering the municipalities of Cairate, Carnago, Gornate-Olona and Lonate Ceppino.
The main centre, formerly known as Vico Seprio (a name still in informal local use) is near the historically significant ruins of the ancient and medieval city of Castelseprio, which are today in an archaeological zone open to the public at the normal hours. The site is most famous for the Byzantinesque frescos in the small Church of Santa Maria foris portas, a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2011.
The modern village of Castelseprio has a population of 1,276 and area of .
Demographic evolution
References
Cities and towns in Lombardy
Jordan's Castle is a former fortified manor house site and possible ringwork castle, located near Wellow, Nottinghamshire, England.
Originally owned by the Foliot family. Jordan Foliot was given license to crenellate their manor in 1264.
Citations
References
Castles in Nottinghamshire
Kayabaşı, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Dendrotoxins are a class of presynaptic neurotoxins produced by mamba snakes (Dendroaspis) that block particular subtypes of voltage-gated potassium channels in neurons, thereby enhancing the release of acetylcholine at neuromuscular junctions. Because of their high potency and selectivity for potassium channels, dendrotoxins have proven to be extremely useful as pharmacological tools for studying the structure and function of these ion channel proteins.
Functional effects in the nervous system
Dendrotoxins have been shown to block particular subtypes of voltage-gated potassium (K+) channels in neuronal tissue. In the nervous system, voltage-gated K+ channels control the excitability of nerves and muscles by controlling the resting membrane potential and by repolarizing the membrane during action potentials. Dendrotoxin has been shown to bind the nodes of Ranvier of motor neurons and to block the activity of these potassium channels. In this way, dendrotoxins prolong the duration of action potentials and increase acetylcholine release at the neuromuscular junction, which may result in muscle hyperexcitability and convulsive symptoms.
Dendrotoxin structure
Dendrotoxins are ~7kDa proteins consisting of a single peptide chain of approximately 57-60 amino acids. Several homologues of alpha-dendrotoxin have been isolated, all possessing a slightly different sequence. However, the molecular architecture and folding conformation of these proteins are all very similar. Dendrotoxins possess a very short 310-helix near the N-terminus of the peptide, while a two turn alpha-helix occurs near the C-terminus. A two-stranded antiparallel β-sheet occupies the central part of the molecular structure. These two β-strands are connected by a distorted β-turn region that is thought to be important for the binding activity of the protein. All dendrotoxins are cross-linked by three disulfide bridges, which add stability to the protein and greatly contribute to its structural conformation. The cysteine residues forming these disulfide bonds have been conserved among all members of the dendrotoxin family, and are located at C7-C57, C16-C40, and C32-C53 (numbering according to alpha-dendrotoxin).
The dendrotoxins are structurally homologous to the Kunitz-type serine protease inhibitors, including bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor (BPTI). Alpha-dendrotoxin and BPTI have been shown to have 35% sequence identity as well as identical disulfide bonds. Despite the structural homology between these two proteins, dendrotoxins do not appear to exhibit any measurable inhibitory protease activity like BPTI. This loss of activity appears to result from the absence of key amino acid residues that produce structural differences that hinder the key interactions necessary for the protease activity seen in BPTI.
Dendrotoxins are basic proteins that possess a net positive charge when present in neutral pH. Most of the positively charged amino acid residues of dendrotoxins are located in the lower part of the structure, creating a cationic domain on one side of the protein. Positive charge results from lysine (Lys) and arginine (Arg) residues that are concentrated in three primary regions of the protein: near the N-terminus (Arg3, Arg4, Lys5), near the C-terminus (Arg54, Arg55) and at the narrow β-turn region (Lys28, Lys29, Lys30). It is believed that these positively charged residues can play a critical role in dendrotoxin binding activity, as they can make potential interactions with the anionic sites (negatively charged amino acids) in the pore of potassium channels.
Biological activity
Pharmacology
A single dendrotoxin molecule associates reversibly with a potassium channel in order to exert its inhibitory effect. It is proposed that this interaction is mediated by electrostatic interactions between the positively charged amino acid residues in the cationic domain of dendrotoxin and the negatively charged residues in the ion channel pore. Potassium channels, similar to other cation-selective channels, are believed to have a cloud of negative charges that precede the opening to the channel pore that help conduct potassium ions through the permeation pathway. It is generally believed (though not proven) that a dendrotoxin molecules bind to anionic sites near the extracellular surface of the channel and physically occlude the pore, thereby preventing ion conductance. However, Imredy and MacKinnon have proposed that delta-dendrotoxin may have an off-center binding site on their target proteins, and may inhibit the channel by altering the structure of the channel, rather than physically blocking the pore.
Biologically important residues
Many studies have attempted to identify which amino acid residues are important for binding activity of dendrotoxins to their potassium channel targets. Harvey et al. used residue-specific modifications to identify positively charged residues that were crucial to the blocking activity of dendrotoxin-I. They reported that acetylation of Lys5 near the N-terminal region and Lys29 in the beta-turn region led to substantial decreases in DTX-I binding affinity. Similar results have been shown with dendrotoxin-K using site-directed mutagenesis to substitute positively charged lysine and arginine residues to neutral alanines. These results, along with many others, have implicated that the positively charged lysines in the N-terminal half, particularly Lys5 in the 310-helix, play a very important role in the dendrotoxin binding to their potassium channel targets. The lysine residues in the β-turn region has provided more confounding results, appearing to be biologically critical in some dendrotoxin homologues and not necessary for others. Furthermore, mutation of the entire lysine triplet (K28-K29-K30) to Ala-Ala-Gly in alpha-DTX resulted in very little change in biological activity.
There is a general agreement that the conserved lysine residue near the N-terminus (Lys5 in alpha-DTX) is crucial for the biological activity of all dendrotoxins, while additional residues, such as those in the beta-turn region, might play a role in dendrotoxin specificity by mediating the interactions of individual toxins to their individual target sites. This not only helps explain the stringent specificity of some dendrotoxins for different subtypes of voltage-gated K+ channels, but also accounts for differences in the potency of dendrotoxins for common K+ channels. For example, Wang et al. showed that the interaction of dendrotoxin-K with KV1.1 is mediated by its lysine residues in both the N-terminus and the β-turn region, while alpha-dendrotoxin appears to interact with its target solely through the N-terminus. This less expansive interactive domain may help explain why alpha-dendrotoxin is less discriminative while dendrotoxin-K is strictly selective for KV1.1.
Uses in research
Potassium channels of vertebrate neurons display a high degree of diversity that allows neurons to precisely tune their electrical signaling properties by expression of different combinations of potassium channel subunits. Furthermore, because they regulate ionic flux across biological membranes, they are important in many aspects of cellular regulation and signal transduction of different cell types. Therefore, voltage-gated potassium channels are targets for a wide range of potent biological toxins from such organisms as snakes, scorpions, sea anemones, and cone snails. Thus, venom purification has led to the isolation of peptide toxins such as the dendrotoxins, which have become useful pharmacological tools for the study of potassium channels. Because of their potency and selectivity for different subtypes of potassium channels, dendrotoxins have become useful as molecular probes for the structural and functional study of these proteins. This may help improve our understanding of the roles played by individual channel types, as well as assist in the pharmacological classification of these diverse channel types. Furthermore, the availability of radiolabelled dendrotoxins provides a tool for the screening of other sources in a search for new potassium channel toxins, such as the kalicludine class of potassium channel toxins in sea anemones. Lastly, the structural information provided by dendrotoxins may provide clues to the synthesis of therapeutic compounds that may target particular classes of potassium channels. Dendrotoxin I have also been used to help purify and characterize the K+ channel protein to which it binds via different binding assay and chromatography techniques.
References
External links
Dendroaspis
Neurotoxins
Ion channel toxins
Potassium channel blockers
Vertebrate toxins
Gamliel Cohen (; April 10, 1922 – July 15, 2002) was "one of the fathers of Israeli espionage". Much of their life was spent living under various false identities in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East. A deep-cover Mossad agent, they infiltrated neo-Nazi groups as well as governments that were hostile to Israel. Cohen wrote a book about the undercover unit they helped to create inside the Palmach, which was posthumously published by the Israeli Ministry of Defense and Galili Center for Defense Studies. Nearly all of Cohen's work at Mossad remains classified today, and their very existence was only publicly acknowledged after their death.
Early life
Cohen was born in Damascus, Syria, to a Jewish family. They moved to Israel in 1943, which was then controlled by the United Kingdom under the British Mandate.
Palmach
Cohen joined the Palmach in 1944. They helped build the department of undercover soldiers known as DAWN. DAWN took advantage of the dark complexion of Israelis who had immigrated from Middle Eastern countries, as well as their familiarity with Islam and Arabic culture. In 1948, Cohen received documents which identified them as a Palestinian. They moved to Beirut using this false identity, and set up a textile shop which served as the front for their spying activities. Cohen gathered information about military installations and Lebanese war efforts against Israel, which they transmitted to their commanders by writing letters in code.
Mossad
Cohen joined Mossad shortly after the State of Israel was created. They worked under deep cover in France during the 1950s. Posing as a journalism student, they were hired as a clerk at the Syrian Embassy in Paris. Cohen's work took place prior to today's peace treaties and trade deals which Israel currently enjoys with several of its Arab neighbors. Their job at the Syrian embassy provided them access to sensitive political and military documents, which they secretly photographed and sent the film to Israel.
Family
In October 1954, Cohen married Aleeza Tahan, a young Israeli woman who had also been born in Damascus, Syria. Like their husband, Aleeza worked for Mossad in Europe, under the false identity of an immigrant from the Middle East. They served as a messenger, carrying documents from Cohen to another Mossad operative. Aleeza often lived in isolation, without social contact or communication with their family in Israel. The Cohens had two daughters while living abroad, and a third child was born in Israel.
Nazi Infiltration
In 1958, the Cohens moved to Austria. They worked as a journalist, writing articles that were published in various Arab-language newspapers. Cohen's alias as a reporter from the Middle East provided them access to several embassies in Europe, where they befriended diplomats and visited the home of the ambassador. Cohen penetrated neo-Nazi groups, which were of interest to their bosses in Israel during the 1950s and 1960s. In those years, Mossad was actively searching for war criminals who had committed atrocities during the Holocaust.
Final Years
Cohen completed active-duty Mossad service in 1964. Thereafter, they served as a trainer for the next generation of Israeli spies. As of 2016, 14 years after their death, Mossad cadets still study their trade craft, information-gathering techniques, and methods for developing contacts at high levels of foreign governments.
Cohen spent their final years authoring the book, "Undercover: The Untold Story of the Palmach's Clandestine Arab Unit." Cohen wrote the book in first person, analyzing their training and operations during the 1940s. It also discussed their personal relationships and work abroad during their Palmach service.
While retired, Cohen gave an interview describing deep-cover activities as "your own, private battlefield." Due to the inherently lonely nature of intelligence work, they stated, a covert operative must love their role and believe it is their destiny. When encountering trouble, the operative must be resourceful to find their own solution.
Death
Cohen died of natural causes, at age 80, in a Tel Aviv hospital. Historian Meir Pail stated, "Gamliel was known in the intelligence community as one of the most successful intelligence agents in Israeli history. The public never heard of them because they were never caught."
External links
Matti Friedman, Israel's Secret Founding Fathers, New York Times, 1 March 2019
References
1922 births
2002 deaths
Jews in the French Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon
People of the Mossad
Israeli spies
Burials at Yarkon Cemetery
Syrian emigrants to Mandatory Palestine
The 1918 New York Yankees season was the 15th season for the franchise. The team finished with a record of 60–63, finishing 13.5 games behind the American League champion Boston Red Sox. New York was managed by Miller Huggins. Their home games were played at the Polo Grounds.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
External links
1918 New York Yankees team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
1918 New York Yankees at Baseball Reference
New York Yankees seasons
New York Yankees
New York Yankees
1910s in Manhattan
Washington Heights, Manhattan
Małopole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wołomin and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Wołomin County
Merton Park Green Walks is a linear walk along the line of a former railway line between Merton Park tram stop and Morden Road in Merton Park in the London Borough of Merton. It is a 1.5 hectare Local Nature Reserve and a Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II, which is owned and managed by Merton Council.
The walk has a varied range of habitats, with grassland, woodland and scrub. There is also a small inaccessible area of elm scrub and brambles.
References
Local nature reserves in Greater London
Nature reserves in the London Borough of Merton
Rail trails in England
Francisco Castro may refer to:
Francisco Castro (footballer, born 1910), Portuguese footballer
Francisco Castro (footballer, born 1979), Portuguese footballer
Francisco Castro (footballer, born 1990), Chilean footballer
Francisco Castro Ada (1934–2010), Northern Mariana Islands politician
Francisco Castro Lalupú (born 1973), Peruvian Roman Catholic prelate
Francisco Castro Trenti, Mexican politician
Francisco Castro (jumper) (1922–2008), Puerto Rican long and triple jumper
Francisco Castro (hurdler), Chilean hurdler and high jumper at the 2008 Ibero-American Championships in Athletics – Results
Francisco María Castro (1770–1831), American landowner and rancher in California
The Birth of the Milky Way, also sometimes known as The Origin of the Milky Way, is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Flemish artist Peter Paul Rubens, produced between 1636 and 1638 and featuring the Greco-Roman myth of the origin of the Milky Way. The painting depicts Hera (Juno), spilling their breast milk, the infant Heracles (Hercules) and Zeus (Jupiter) in the background, identifiable by their eagle and lightning bolts. Hera's face is modelled on Rubens' wife, Hélène Fourment. The carriage is pulled by peacocks, a bird which the ancient Greeks and Romans considered sacred to both themselves and to Hera/Juno, as a result of their ability to signal changes in weather through cries and hence their perceived connection to the gods. Due to the dark background of the night sky the figures gain a greater sense of volume.
With a width of and height of , the image was a part of the commission from Philip IV of Spain to decorate Torre de la Parada. Rubens also painted other Greco-Roman mythological subjects, such as Hercules Fighting the Nemean Lion or Perseus Freeing Andromeda. It is now held at the Museo del Prado, in Madrid.
See also
The Origin of the Milky Way (Tintoretto)
References
1630s paintings
Paintings by Peter Paul Rubens in the Museo del Prado
Paintings depicting Heracles
Milky Way in fiction
Nude art
Breastfeeding in art
Paintings of Jupiter (mythology)
Paintings of Hera
Birds in art
Mythological paintings by Peter Paul Rubens
Tali Fahima (, ); born 8 February 1976) is an Israeli of Algerian Jewish origin, pro-Palestinian activist who was convicted for their contacts with Zakaria Zubeidi, Jenin chief of the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. They describe their nationality as Palestinian. In June 2010, they converted to Islam at a mosque in Umm al-Fahm.
Early life
Fahima was born in Kiryat Gat, a development town in the south of Israel, to a family of Algerian Jewish origin. They were one of three daughters born to Sarah Lahiani and Shimon Fahima. After their parents divorced, Fahima and their sisters were raised by their mother, who worked in a variety of jobs to support them.
Later life and activism
After completing their mandatory military service, Fahima moved to Tel Aviv and worked as a legal secretary.
Until 2003 they were a Likud supporter; they then read an interview in which Zubeidi described their transformation from peace activist to wanted terrorist; intrigued, they found Zubeidi's phone number, and spoke with them several times. When they learned that Zubeidi was at the top of Israel's list of intended assassinations, they decided to travel to Jenin and live in their home as a human shield. They became involved in the Palestinian children's project in Jenin which featured in the film Arna's Children, along with Zubeidi before their imprisonment. They did not deny that they later met Zubeidi in Jenin a number of times, but they denied any involvement in armed activities. In March 2004 they stated that they were prepared to act as a human shield to protect Zubeidi. Both they and Zubeidi deny the allegation that they had a romantic relationship.
On 8 August 2004, Fahima was arrested, interrogated by security officials for one month and then placed under administrative detention for three months. They were indicted in December 2004 and charged with "assistance to the enemy at time of war". On 23 December 2005 they pleaded guilty to some less serious charges, admitting to maintaining contacts with a foreign agent with the intention of harming state security. They also admitted to passing information to the enemy, and to violating a legal order forbidding the entry of Israelis into Palestinian Authority-controlled territory. The most serious charges, aiding an enemy in time of war, supporting a terrorist organization and possession of weapons against them were dropped. They received a three-year prison sentence and a suspended sentence that would go into effect if they violated any order forbidding entry into closed military zones, leaving less than one year of prison time left to serve. Them first request for early release was denied, the Parole Board ruling on 13 September 2006, that they "acted in an insolent and rude manner toward prison guards".
They were released in early January 2007, a year earlier than their original sentence, for good conduct. They were banned from leaving the country, contacting foreign agents or entering the Palestinian-controlled areas in the West Bank
On 23 April 2007, Fahima participated in an alternative torch-lighting ceremony for Israeli Independence Day, where they lit a torch in honor of Zubeidi.
In June 2008, Zubaidi, confined to Jenin as a condition of their amnesty agreement, requested permission to travel to Ramallah for an eye operation. Fahima denounced them as a "whore of the Shin Bet security service."
Fahima lives in the Arab village Ar'ara in northern Israel, and works as a Hebrew teacher. In June 2010, they converted to Islam at a mosque in Umm al-Fahm.
References
External links
"Israel jails Jewish woman for meeting Palestinian militant", The Guardian
Leftist Tali Fahima converts to Islam in Yedioth Ahronoth
"Interview with Tali Fahima" from Oznik
Tali Fahima's video blog on Flix, Tapuz
"Mizrahi Woman, Palestinian Fighter: The Public Discourse Surrounding the Struggle of Tali Fahima." MA Tesis on "Kedma".
1976 births
Living people
Converts to Islam from Judaism
Female criminals
Israeli criminals
Israeli Muslims
Israeli people of Algerian-Jewish descent
Israeli prisoners and detainees
Israeli women activists
Jewish activists
Palestinian solidarity activists
People from Kiryat Gat
Prisoners and detainees of Israel
Life in a Beautiful Light is the third album by Scottish singer-songwriter Amy Macdonald, released on 11 June 2012. The lead single is "Slow It Down" and was released on 20 April 2012. Macdonald's official website confirmed the album for release on 13 April 2012. The track listing was confirmed on Universal Music's store on the same day.
Background
Macdonald began to write Life in a Beautiful Light after having a "lovely year off" following touring in support of A Curious Thing. Macdonald had no time to write songs on their second album as they were touring with This Is the Life. However, Macdonald said they felt that the creation of Life in a Beautiful Light was a more natural process. Two songs from Life in a Beautiful Light were begun before Macdonald's break. "In the End" was written with Macdonald questioning themselves whether being a musician was a worthwhile occupation.
Macdonald wrote "Human Spirit" inspired by the Chilean miners' rescue. The song "Left That Body Long Ago" described their grandmother's decline into Alzheimer's disease whilst "Across the Nile" is a response to the conflict of the Arab Spring.
Reception
Critical reception
The album up to now has gathered mixed reviews, earning a collective score of 5.1 out of 10 at AnyDecentMusic?. The Upcoming described the album as a "strong return from Macdonald, interweaving their distinctive voice with splashing cymbals and burbling electronica, but still intermittently flirting with folky affectations". The album received 60/100 on Metacritic, a review aggregator website, signifying "mixed or average reviews".
Chart performance
On 14 June 2012 Life in a Beautiful Light entered the Irish Albums Chart at number 5, making it their highest charting album in Ireland. On 17 June 2012 the album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 2, making it the second highest charting album that week, only beaten by Gary Barlow's album Sing. Only 1,000 copies separated the top three albums. The album fared better in Scotland, where it debuted at number one.
Singles
"Slow It Down" was released as the lead single from the album on 20 April 2012. The song was a modest hit in Europe, charting at forty-five in the United Kingdom, fifty-six in Austria, fifty in Switzerland and forty in Germany.
"Pride" was released as the second single from the album on 13 August 2012.
"4th of July" was released as the third single from the album on 22 October 2012.
Track listings
All songs written by Amy Macdonald
Standard edition
Deluxe edition
Super deluxe box set
A super deluxe box set was also released that contains:
Standard edition of the album
Bonus CD: A selection of acoustic versions, and singalong instrumentals
DVD-5 acoustic versions live
2 litho artwork numbered prints
Sheet music for "Slow It Down"
"Amy Macdonald guitar pic"
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Life in a Beautiful Light on the official homepage
Amy Macdonald albums
2012 albums
Mercury Records albums
Vertigo Records albums
Eutaxia is a genus of the family Fabaceae. They are native to Australia. Most are endemic to the Southwest Botanical Province of Western Australia, but a few are distributed throughout mainland Australia. The chromosome number of Eutaxia species is typically 2n = 14 or 16.
Species
Eutaxia comprises the following species:
Section Eutaxia R.Br.
Eutaxia cuneata Meissner
Eutaxia epacridoides Meisn.
Eutaxia exilis C.F.Wilkins & G.R.Hend.
Eutaxia hirsuta C.F.Wilkins & Chappill
Eutaxia inuncta C.F.Wilkins & Chappill
Eutaxia lasiophylla G.R.Hend.
Eutaxia lutea Chappill & G.R.Hend.
Eutaxia major (Benth.) C.F.Wilkins & Chappill
Eutaxia myrtifolia R. Br.
Eutaxia neurocalyx (Turcz.) Chappill & G.R.Hend.
subsp. nacta C.F.Wilkins
subsp. neurocalyx (Turcz.) Chappill & G.R.Hend.
subsp. papillosa C.F.Wilkins
Eutaxia parvifolia Benth.
Eutaxia virgata Benth.
Section Sclerothamnus (R.Br.) F.Muell.
Eutaxia acanthoclada G.R.Hend. & Chappill
Eutaxia actinophylla Chappill & C.F.Wilkins
Eutaxia andocada Chappill & C.F.Wilkins
Eutaxia diffusa F.Muell.—Spreading eutaxia
Eutaxia empetrifolia Schltdl.
Eutaxia lasiocalyx Chappill & C.F.Wilkins
Eutaxia leptophylla Turcz.
Eutaxia microphylla (R.Br.) C.H.Wright & Dewar—Common eutaxia
Eutaxia nanophylla Chappill & C.F.Wilkins
Eutaxia rubricarina Chappill & C.F.Wilkins
References
External links
Fabales of Australia
Fabaceae genera
The Punjab Highway Department (Urdu, Punjabi: ) constructs and maintains the provincial highways in Punjab, Pakistan. Currently, the Punjab Highway Department maintains more than 38,000 kilometers of roads.
Division
The Punjab Highway Department is divided into four wings, Highway (North Zone), Highway (South Zone), Highway (Central Zone), and Highway (Maintenance & Repair). Highway M&R executes routine and special repair of provincial roads while other three departments are responsible for rehabilitation, reconstruction of existing roads, construction of new roads, and maintenance and construction of bridges and culverts in the province. Each wing is headed by a Chief Engineer.
See also
Provincial Highways of Punjab
References
External links
Punjab Highway Department
Roads in Punjab, Pakistan
Road authorities
Pakistani road authorities
Dainius Šuliauskas (born 27 August 1973) is a retired Lithuanian football defender, who last played for FK Sūduva during their professional career. They obtained a total number of nine caps for the Lithuania national football team, scoring one goal.
Honours
Lithuania
Baltic Cup: 1991, 1997
Žalgiris Vilnius
A Lyga: 1991–92
Lithuanian Cup: 1992–93, 1993–94, 1996–97
FBK Kaunas
A Lyga: 1999
References
1973 births
Living people
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Lithuanian expatriate footballers
FK Žalgiris players
FBK Kaunas footballers
GKS Bełchatów players
FK Inkaras Kaunas players
FK Sūduva Marijampolė players
FC Vilnius players
A Lyga players
Ekstraklasa players
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Association football defenders
Any Time Now is a 2002 co-produced six-part comedy-drama by RTÉ and BBC Northern Ireland.
The show initially aired on BBC One Northern Ireland and RTÉ One in 2002. The show was filmed in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and Belfast, in Northern Ireland.
Concept
Anytime Now was an Irish contemporary six-part drama series, set against the backdrop of the newly thriving and cosmopolitan Dublin, about the lives, loves, and libidos of three lifelong friends. Nora Moggin (played by Angelina Ball), Kate O'Dowd (played by Zara Turner) and Stevie McCutcheon (played by Susan Lynch) live in Dublin. They have a combined age of 99. Between them they have slept with 47 men, broken 11 hearts, drunk approximately 5000 pints, bought one house, buried two parents, failed one marriage and produced one baby. They've known each other long enough to believe that their friendship, at least, is invincible
Cast
Angeline Ball
Susan Lynch
Zara Turner
Ciarán McMenamin (Johnny)
Frankie McCafferty (Declan Carthy)
Patrick O'Kane (Colin)
Owen Roe (Frank O'Halloran)
Brid Brennan (Emily Moggin)
Ruth McCabe (Margaret McCutcheon).
Theme Song
The theme song is "In These Shoes?" by Kirsty MacColl.
External links
Any Time Now
Television shows from Northern Ireland
RTÉ original programming
2000s television series from Northern Ireland
2000s Irish television series
Saari is a Finnish surname (meaning island) and a Malaysian patronymic name.
Geographical distribution
As of 2014, 52.8% of all known bearers of the surname Saari were residents of Finland (frequency 1:672), 24.7% of the United States (1:27,582), 8.5% of Malaysia (1:22,083), 3.2% of Canada (1:73,892), 2.7% of Sweden (1:23,557), 2.6% of Indonesia (1:327,349) and 1.8% of Thailand (1:254,526).
In Finland, the frequency of the surname was higher than national average (1:672) in the following regions:
1. South Ostrobothnia (1:235)
2. Central Ostrobothnia (1:246)
3. Southwest Finland (1:411)
4. Ostrobothnia (1:475)
5. Pirkanmaa (1:503)
6. Satakunta (1:563)
7. Tavastia Proper (1:576)
8. Päijänne Tavastia (1:665)
People
Abdul Halim Saari (born 1994), Malaysian football midfielder
Arto Saari (born 1981), Finnish skateboarder and photographer
Chris Saari (born 1962), American association football midfielder
Donald G. Saari (born 1940), American mathematician
Eero Saari (born 1928), Finnish ice hockey player
Ernst Saari (1882–1918), Finnish farmer and politician
Faizal Saari (born 1991), Malaysian field hockey player
Fitri Saari (born 1993), Malaysian field hockey player, brother of Faizal
Heikki Saari (born 1984), Finnish drummer
Henn Saari (1924–1999), Estonian linguist
Henry Saari (born 1964), Finnish actor, director and porn star
Irina Saari (born 1975), Finnish singer
Jaakko Saari (born 1957), Finnish judoka
Jarmo Saari, Finnish a guitarist, composer and producer
Kirsikka Saari (born 1973), Finnish filmmaker and screenwriter
Kyllikki Saari (1935–1953), Finnish homicide victim
Lauri Saari (1888–1953), Finnish painter
Maija Saari (born 1986), Finnish football defender
Matti Saari (disambiguation) – multiple people
Mattias Saari (born 1994), Swedish ice hockey player
Meeri Saari (born 1925), Finnish shot putter
Milla Saari (born 1975), Finnish cross country skier
Mohd Fadzli Saari (born 1983), Malaysian footballer and coach
Per Saari (born 1975), American film executive producer and Emmy winner for the limited series Big Little Lies (2017)
Þór Saari (born 1960), member of the Icelandic parliament
Rami Saari (born 1963), Israeli poet, translator, linguist and literary critic
Ray Saari (born 1995), American association football player
Roy Saari (1945–2008), American swimmer
Saila Saari (born 1989), Finnish ice hockey player
Sami Saari (born 1962), Finnish soul musician
Sanna-Kaisa Saari (born 1987), Swedish-Finnish beauty pageant titleholder
Santeri Saari (born 1994), Finnish ice hockey defenceman
Wilho Saari, Finnish American player of the kantele, the Finnish psaltery
Wimme Saari (born 1959), Finnish Sami musician
U-Wei Haji Saari (born 1954), Malaysian film director
References
Finnish-language surnames
Surnames of Finnish origin
Robert Small is an American television, film and event producer who co-created MTV Unplugged with Jim Burns in 1989.  They are the president and executive producer of RSE, Robert Small Entertainment, a media production company based in New York City. In 2013 Small began developing their new company, Small Industries, to focus on digital content creation and special projects exploring virtual reality, augmented reality and holographic entertainment.
Television production
In 1989, Small and then partner Jim Burns co-created the music series MTV Unplugged, which they then executive produced.
They were an executive producer for the Pulp Comics series for Comedy Central, which integrated short films and standup material in the same half hour format. It ran from 1996 to 2000. Pulp Comics featured artists such as Louis C.K., Margaret Cho and Dave Attell. RSE also produced specials for HBO with Denis Leary and others in addition to A&E television worldwide.
Small is also credited as an executive producer on projects including MTV's The Spoken Word, AETN's Bio series, TV Land's Top Ten, and VH1's Hard Rock Live.
In the summer of 2009, Small teamed up with Worldwide Biggies as an executive producer for the First Annual Worldwide Fido Awards for Nick at Nite.
RSE continues its work in comedy, music, biographies and documentary production.
Directing
In 2009, Small wrote and directed their first independent documentary feature, Something Out of Nothing, which discusses the world of urban theater. In 2010 it was featured at HBO's Urban World Film Festival, DeadCENTER Film Festival, Black Soil Film Festival, ITVFest (Independent Television Festival), Texas Black Film Festival and the San Francisco Black Film Festival.
They have directed several feature-length documentaries and television specials, including Back from Hell: A Tribute to Sam Kinison (2010) and I Ain't Scared of You: A Tribute to Bernie Mac (2012).
Other work
In 2013 Small became the producer of the Woodstock Comedy Festival, an annual three-day charity event featuring films, stand-up performances, panels and discussion about comedy past and present.
Small is currently the director of The Macaulay Honors College New Media Lab in New York City, part of City University of New York. The Macaulay Honors College is CUNY's honors program. It gives high-performing students from public colleges the opportunities often associated with the top tier private universities.
Small has been part of a major fundraising effort to renovate the lab on West 67th Street in NYC. The New Media and Digital Content Lab will feature state-of-the-art audio, video and editing facilities in addition to a new green screen stage and streaming capabilities. The lab will offer a start-up incubator, data science program and digital content production all designed to ready students for the high level positions in the science of media.
Awards and honors
For their work on MTV Unplugged, Small won the Peabody Award, and was nominated for Emmy Awards in 1994, 1995 and 1996.
They have also won 12 Telly Awards, ASCAP's Deems Taylor Award and 11 International Film Television Awards for various projects. They received the MTV Video Music Award.
References
External links
American film producers
Place of birth missing (living people)
American television producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Miaoli () is a railway station in Miaoli County, Taiwan served by Taiwan High Speed Rail. Transfers to Fengfu railway station can be made at this station, which links to Miaoli railway station located in Miaoli City.
Overview
The station consists of one elevated main station and two side platforms. Construction began on 28 January 2013. The station opened on 1 December 2015. Availability of high speed rail reduced travel time between Miaoli County and Taipei City to 43-49 minutes.
To allow transfers to TRA, Fengfu railway station was moved approx. 400 meters north of its original location on September 10, 2016 to connect with the HSR station.
HSR services
Only HSR services (1)5xx and (8)8xx call at this station, making this the HSR station with the fewest train services.
Around the station
Hakka Round House
Yingtsai Academy
TRA Fengfu Station
See also
List of railway stations in Taiwan
References
Railway stations served by Taiwan High Speed Rail
Railway stations in Miaoli County
2015 establishments in Taiwan
Clifford William Dugmore (9 May 1909 – 25 October 1990) was a British ecclesiastical historian who contributed to the development of the study of church history in Britain.
Early life and ecclesiastical career
They were the son of a parson and educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham and Exeter College, Oxford, where they studied the Hebrew language. Dugmore was ordained in 1935 and was appointed vicar of Ward End, rural dean of East Birmingham and installed as honorary canon in St Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham. In 1937 Dugmore was assistant curate of Holy Trinity, Formby, in the diocese of Liverpool and sub-warden of St Deiniol's Library, Hawarden. The following year Lord Shrewsbury made Dugmore their private chaplain and gave them the rectory of Ingestre-with-Tixall in the diocese of Lichfield. In 1943 Dugmore was appointed chaplain of Alleyn's College of God's Gift in Dulwich. In January 1945 they were made rector of Bredfield-with-Boulge in Suffolk, and in October they were appointed director of religious education for the diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich.
Academic career
In 1946 Dugmore was appointed senior lecturer in ecclesiastical history at Manchester University and in 1958 they were made chair of ecclesiastical history at King's College London.
They founded The Journal of Ecclesiastical History in 1950 and was its editor until 1979. They also co-founded the Ecclesiastical History Society.
Personal life
Dugmore had a daughter with their first wife, Ruth, who died in 1977. They subsequently remarried.
Works
Eucharistic Doctrine in England from Hooker to Waterland: Being the Norrisian Prize Essay in the University of Cambridge for the Year 1940 (London: Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, 1942).
The Influence of the Synagogue upon the Divine Office (London: Oxford University Press, 1944).
The Interpretation of the Bible: Edward Alleyn Lectures 1943, edited by C. W. Dugmore (London: Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, 1946).
The Mass and the English Reformers (London: Macmillan, 1958).
Ecclesiastical History No Soft Option: An Inaugural Lecture delivered at King's College, London on 5 February 1959 (London: Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, 1959).
Notes
1909 births
1990 deaths
People educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham
Alumni of Exeter College, Oxford
Academics of the University of Manchester
Academics of King's College London
Historians of Christianity
20th-century English Anglican priests
Will You Marry Me? is an opera in one act by composer Hugo Weisgall. The English language libretto by Charles Kondek is based on the play A Marriage Has Been Arranged by Alfred Sutro. The opera's premiere was given by the Opera Ensemble of New York (OENY) on March 8, 1989 in New York City in conjunction with performances of two other works by Weisgall: The Stronger and The Golden Peacock. The OENY commissioned the two character opera and the premiere cast included soprano Andrea Broido as "She" and baritone David Trombley as "He".
References
1989 operas
English-language operas
Operas by Hugo Weisgall
Operas
One-act operas
Operas based on plays
Solaristics is the second studio album by Thessalonians, released in May 2005 by Noh Poetry Records. The album comprises recording sessions that were completed between 1992 and 1996.
Reception
Backroad Music called Solaristics "a great lost recording" and noted the lead track "Solaristics" as being a highlight of the sessions. Stefaan Van Ryssen of Leonardo On-Line gave the album a mixed review, stating that composers Kim Cascone and Larry Thrasher have created higher quality work elsewhere but noting that "each piece brings its own atmosphere, ranging from pensive to thoughtful, or from melancholy to gloomy." The critic went on to conclude that the album is an "interesting release for historic reasons but very dated for contemporary ears."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Solaristics liner notes.
Thessalonians
Kim Cascone – instruments, production
Don Falcone – instruments
Paul Neyrinck – instruments
Larry Thrasher – instruments
Additional credits
Karen Anderson – graphic design
Release history
References
External links
Solaristics at Bandcamp
Solaristics at iTunes
2005 albums
Thessalonians (band) albums
Asti Radio Television is a Greek free-to-air television channel owned by Giorgos Karatzaferis. It was launched in March 1990.
Initially, the station belonged to City News Limited Company which was established on February 16, 1990, one month before the start of TeleCity and on February 5, 2010, transferred and sold to the political party, according to the decision of the ESR that came out on May 18, 2010.
Their schedule includes news programs, broadcasts around the party that supports the station, documentary and music program Greek Style (otherwise Style GR) which is one of the longest-running musical shows on Greek television and displays Greek and foreign songs, not only new but also older songs of the 1980s and 1990s.
External links
Greek-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 1990
Television networks in Greece
1990 establishments in Greece
Television channels in Greece
Lake Cachi () is an artificial lake in central Costa Rica created by the Cachí Dam (Represa de Cachí), an arch dam north of Tapantí National Park, to the east-southeast of Cartago in Cartago Province. The main town is Cachí, away from the east bank of the lake. Built in the 1970s, it was one of the first hydroelectric projects in Costa Rica. It has an installed capacity of 102 MW with three units of 34 MW capacity each (Vertical Francis turbines).
The project became operational with the first unit commissioned in 1966, the second unit in 1967, and the third unit in 1978. The Reventazon River provides multiple benefits through the three dams built on it. Out of the three dams, Cachi Dam, not only provides power generation benefits but also controls floods, and recreational facilities in the Lake Cachi. The Rio Macho project on the upstream provides hydroelectric power and the downstream Birris power project also provides drinking water (40% of the metropolitan city's water supply needs).
The reservoir, in the Rio Reventazón, is an important supplier of electrical power to Costa Rica. It is operated by Instituto Costarricense de Electricidad (ICE).
Geography
Lake Cachi contains the Cachí Dam (Represa de Cach) in the northeastern part of the lake, near the village of Ujarras along the 225 road in the middle reaches of the Reventazon River in the Ujarras valley. The lake is created by the dam on the Reventazon River as it flows in from the northeast winding through the steep-sided valley. The river has a total drainage area of in an elevation range varying from above mean sea level at its highest point to the lowest outflow point into the Atlantic Ocean; out of this, the reservoir created by the Cachi Dam intercepts the upper catchment area of . The annual precipitation in the entire river basin varies from . In 80% of the total catchment area, the relief varies distinctly, with mountains which have slopes between 20 and 85 degrees. The average annual water inflow into the reservoir is at the rate of . The gross storage capacity of the reservoir is . The design flood discharge is /sec. The reservoir has a water spread of which stretches over a length of with maximum water depth of . Sixty percent of the reservoir's catchment is forested, the remainder is agricultural land. Density currents are formed in the reservoir on account of a combination of temperature gradients and high sediment concentration.
Cachi arch dam
The Cachi dam is a thin double-arch concrete structure (stated to be one of the thinnest such dams in the world)) built to a height of above the deepest foundation. It is located in a narrow gorge and has a crest length of , impounding 51 million cubic metres of inflows of the Reventazon River. During the 1991 Limon earthquake, the dam did not suffer any damage even though the epicentre was away from the dam. However, there was a temporary suspension of power generation at the powerhouse located away, due to dislocation of the transformers.
The project was planned, designed and executed by ICE, with support for the design of the arch dam, and for supervision of construction provided by Dr. Laginha Serafim, the Portuguese consultants. The construction of the arch dam was undertaken after extensive explorations of the geological features confirmed the suitability of the site. During construction, two diversion tunnels with gated controls, designed for a discharge of /sec were constructed to divert water away from the work site of the dam foundation.
Power plant
The water from the reservoir is diverted through a long pressure tunnel, a surge tank, a long penstock including a long pressure shaft (steel-lined tunnel) and a power house. The power house has an installation of three units of 34 MW (which would also operate under overload conditions) capacity. They are of vertical type Francis Turbine units which are designed to operate under heads varying between a maximum of and a minimum of . The first two units of the power plant were commissioned in 1966 and 1967, the third in 1978. The project was implemented with soft loan funding provided by the World Bank in two stages after due appraisal.
The output of the hydroelectric power plant at Cachí will increase from 100 megawatts to 160 MW. The expansion of the power plant will include a new 40 MW generator. An existing generator will also be upgraded. The work is scheduled to begin in 2012. The project should be finished by 2015, according to the Costa Rican Electricity Institute (ICE). Once expanded, the Cachí power plant will be able to supply the electricity needs of 330,000 people. The project is being funded by a $140 million loan from the Central American Bank for Economic Integration (CABEI).
Power evacuation from the switch yard of the power station was planned with step-up substation equipped with three-phase step-up transformers and evacuated through double circuit 132 kV transmission lines connecting Cachi with the Rio Macho power plant.
Sedimentation studies
The annual sediment load into the Cachi reservoir estimated at 0.81 million tons, which amounts to 1% storage volume of the reservoir, had been assessed at the planning stage to be distributed at 54% as thalweg deposits (flushed through low level sluice provided in the body of the dam), 21% getting deposited on the terraces, 18% flowing out through the spillway by gate operation and power intake through turbines and 7% trapped as bed load in the reservoir. This process is witnessed in two distinct parts of the reservoir – the upper part and the lower part – the upper part gets filled with sand and coarse sediments and the lower part, which is the deep river channel, gets deposited with fine sediment on its terraces which needs to be flushed by reservoir operation (a high concentration of sediments was noted near the power intake). However, for seven years after the project was commissioned, the reservoir was not desilted, which resulted in trapping of 82% of the sediment inflow into the reservoir and which moved towards the body of the dam and interfered with diversion of flow through the power intake in the body of the dam for power generation. The dam is provided with one scouring sluice at the bottom in the main river channel adjacent to the intake screen of the power intake that draws water for power generation. To keep the reservoir in a serviceable condition to derive planned power benefits, it became obligatory to drain the reservoir to its lowest level (though it caused an inevitable economic loss in power generation during the filling stage every year) and flush the deposited sediments downstream so that the intake does not get choked and allows sediment flow into the turbines. The first flushing operation was carried out in three well defined stages in 1973 and thereafter repeated every year till 1990. The downstream impact on the river regime as a result of the silt flushed from the reservoir was also studied when a peak concentration of 400 grams/litre were noted in the form of turbid water not only on the flood plains but also where the river merged with the Atlantic Sea. It was expected that these deposits would be flushed during the flood season. However, as a result of the silt flushing, some detrimental effect on the biota was noted by local people of the area in the downstream reaches of the river below the dam.
The effectiveness of the flushing operations has been studied over the years by hydrographic surveys of the reservoir using turbidimeters, side scan sonar, sub-bottom profiler, repeated echo sounding, sediment coring and X-ray techniques. The studies have indicated that the sluices provided in the dam to flush the sediment deposits in the reservoir are effective given the "duration and degree to which the reservoir is drawn down and on the discharge capacity of the sluices" and also the shape of the reservoir, which in the case of Cachi is in a narrow gorge. Studies indicated that the average diameter of the sediments deposited in the reservoir was of the order of 0.04 mm. It was also noted that on the terraces of the reservoir flushing was not very effective since they were covered with water hyacinths which had trapped the sediments. The old river channel also had indicated a deposit rate of about , which, however, is now regularly flushed out by opening the scouring sluice.
The Cachí reservoir is now flushed of sediment deposits on an almost yearly basis. The field studies on the flushing operation carried out in 1996 indicated that about 250,000 tonnes were deposited within the reach between and downstream from the dam. Of these, 82% were channel-bed deposits while 18% were deposited on the river banks.
Recreation
The dam takes advantage of the head available in the river, which for some creates white water suitable for rafting. Surrounded by mountains, the lake was created when the Instituto Costariccense de Electricidad built the dam across the river to supply San José with hydroelectric power.
References
Cachi
Geography of Cartago Province
Cachi
Buildings and structures in Cartago Province
Stephen Dugald Cotter (September 15, 1940 – February 10, 2022) was a Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos and BC Lions. They won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964. They played college football at Wenatchee Valley College.
References
1940 births
2022 deaths
BC Lions players
Edmonton Elks players
Players of Canadian football from British Columbia
Sportspeople from Vancouver
Cotter family
Sir James Boyton (1855 – 16 May 1926) was a British estate agent and a Conservative politician.
Boyton was born in Shoreditch, London, to Henry and Sarah Boyton. They joined their family firm of Elliott, Son and Boyton in 1878. They were president of the Auctioneers' and Estate Agents' Institute for 1905–6. They also served as a Justice of the peace (JP) for the County of London.
Boyton was a member of the London County Council from 1907 to 1910, representing the Municipal Reform Party. Successfully contesting both the January 1910 parliamentary election and the December 1910 election, they were Unionist Member of Parliament (MP) for Marylebone East from 1910 to 1918. Boyton was knighted in the 1918 New Year Honours.
Their only son, Henry James Boyton, was killed on 14 December 1916 during the Battle of the Somme.
References
External links
1855 births
1926 deaths
Knights Bachelor
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
Members of London County Council
British estate agents (people)
People from Shoreditch
Date of birth missing
Allen Independent School District is a public school district based in Allen, Texas (USA). Allen ISD covers most of the city of Allen, as well as portions of the cities of McKinney, Plano, and Parker. The district has a total enrollment of 21,634 students, with an expected growth rate of 1-2% per year.
Finances
As of the 2016-2017 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $10,146,542,000. The maintenance tax rate was $1.14 and the bond tax rate was $0.45 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
In 2013, the Texas Education Agency changed the rating system. A district can now get one out of four possible rankings: Met Standard, Met Alternative Standard, Improvement Required, and Not Rated.
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
2018: Not Released
2017: Met Standard
2016: Met Standard
2015: Met Standard
2014: Met Standard
2013: Met Standard
2012: N/A
2011: Recognized
2010: Exemplary
2009: Recognized
2008: Recognized
2007: Academically Acceptable
2006: Recognized
2005: Academically Acceptable
2004: Academically Acceptable
Demographics
Schools
In the 2019-2020 school year, the district had students in twenty-three schools.
High schools (10-12)
Allen High School
Allen ISD S.T.E.A.M Center
Freshmen center (9)
Lowery Freshman Center
Middle schools (7-8)
Walter & Lois Curtis Middle School
Ereckson Middle School
Pete E. Ford Middle School
Elementary schools (EE, K-6)
George J. Anderson Elementary
Luther and Anna Mae Bolin Elementary
Dr. E.T. Boon Elementary
Alton Boyd Elementary
Carlena Chandler Elementary
Beverly Cheatham Elementary
Mary Evans Elementary
Flossie Floyd Green Elementary
Jenny Preston Elementary
James D. Kerr Elementary
Lois Lindsey Elementary
James & Margie Marion Elementary
Frances E. Norton Elementary
David E. & Lynda F. Olson Elementary
Gene M. Reed Elementary
D.L. Rountree Elementary
Alvis C. Story Elementary
Max O. Vaughan Elementary
Disciplinary schools
Collin County JJAEP (Grades 6-12)
Pat Dillard Special Achievement Center (Grades K-12)
Special programs
Athletics
Allen High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, lacrosse, soccer, swimming, and wrestling, track, golf, tennis, and cross-country. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, lacrosse, soccer, softball, swimming, and volleyball. Allen High School participates in UIL Class 6A-1 as the second-largest school in the state (nearby Plano East is the largest).
The Eagle Stadium was built for $60 million, and was a part of a $120 million bond issue. It opened in 2012. In February 2014 cracks appeared, and the district closed the stadium for repairs. The stadium was reopened in June 2015 after completing in excess of $10 million worth of repairs.
See also
List of school districts in Texas
List of high schools in Texas
References
External links
Allen Independent School District
News about Allen ISD from The Dallas Morning News and other web sources
School districts in Collin County, Texas
Allen, Texas
Plano, Texas
GIW may refer to:
Great Indian Warpath, a Native American trail in the United States
Groton Iron Works, a defunct American shipyard
White Gelao language
Pochidia is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Borodești, Pochidia, Satu Nou and Sălceni. These were part of Tutova Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
"Toutes les machines ont un cœur" (English translation: "All machines have a heart") is a song by French singer Maëlle. They released it as their debut single on 5 April 2019. The song was included on their debut album, Maëlle.
Composition
The song was written by Zazie and composed and produced by Calogero.
Music video
The music video, directed by Nur Casadevall., premiered on YouTube on 29 July 2019. It was shot in Barcelona in June. Maëlle was shooting it three days before their BAC in Social & Economics Sciences (SES).
Track listing
Digital download
"Toutes les machines ont un cœur" – 4:19
Charts
References
2019 songs
2019 singles
Songs written by Zazie
Songs with music by Calogero (singer)
Mercury Records singles
Blaencwm () is a village in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, lying at the head the Rhondda Fawr valley. Two collieries were opened here during the Industrial Revolution, the Dunraven Colliery in 1865 and the Glenrhondda Colliery in 1911. Both had closed by 1966 and the sites have since been landscaped, leaving little trace of their industrial past. It is in the historic county of Glamorgan.
Location
Blaencwm is located in the upper Rhondda Valley about halfway between Treorchy and Hirwaun, and about one mile north of Treherbert. It is served by the A4061 road over Mynydd Ystradffernol.
History
Before the industrialisation of the Rhondda, Blaencwm was a forested agricultural and rural area. There is evidence in the area of Mesolithic and Neolithic human activity, mainly through the discovery of basic hunting, foraging and tool making items. Blaencwm is also the site of three ruinous 16th century hafotai (summer houses ; Welsh language hafod), small agricultural dwellings discovered on the north-east slope of the village. Of all the hafotai discovered in the Rhondda the most important is Lluest discovered in Blaencwm and proof of the agricultural history of the area.
In the 19th century with the coming of the Taff Vale Railway, coal mines began opening in the upper Rhondda Fawr. Two mines were sunk in Blaencwm, the first was the Dunraven Colliery opened by Thomas Joseph's Dunraven United Collieries in 1865. The business went in liquidation in 1866 and was taken over by Watts and Company in 1872. Between then and 1913 when it was purchased again, this time by the Cory Brothers, it changed its name to Tydraw Colliery. It closed in 1956. The second colliery, Glenrhondda (known locally as the Hook and Eye due to its reputation for improvisation), was opened in 1911 by Glenavon Garw Collieries. The mine was served by the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway which would travel through the Rhondda Tunnel. This pit was closed by the National Coal Board in 1966. The sites of both mines have since been cleared and landscaped to resemble the surrounding area.
References
External links
Rhondda Cynon Taf Library Services
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Blaencwm and surrounding area
Villages in Rhondda Cynon Taf
Rhondda Valley
Halvor Moxnes Landsem (4 March 1913 – 6 August 1977) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
They served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Bergen during the terms 1954–1957 and 1958–1961. In total they met during 56 days of parliamentary session.
References
1913 births
1977 deaths
Deputy members of the Storting
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
Politicians from Bergen
Doğrular, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1953–54 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Götaland
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Klingbach is a river of Hesse, Germany. It flows into the Kinzig in Bad Soden-Salmünster.
See also
List of rivers of Hesse
Rivers of Hesse
Rivers of the Spessart
Rivers of Germany
John Cooney may refer to:
Johnny Cooney (1901–1986), American baseball player
John Cooney (politician) (1836–1894), American lawyer and politician from New York
John Cooney (rugby union) (born 1990), Irish rugby union player
John Cooney (video game developer), American game designer from Sacramento
Idaho Legislative District 12 is one of 35 districts of the Idaho Legislature. It is currently represented by Todd Lakey, Republican of Nampa, Robert Anderst, Republican of Nampa, and Rick Youngblood, Republican of Nampa.
District profile (1992–2002)
From 1992 to 2002, District 12 consisted of a portion of Canyon County.
District profile (2002–2012)
From 2002 to 2012, District 12 consisted of a portion of Canyon County.
District profile (2012–2022)
District 12 currently consists of a portion Canyon County.
District profile (2022–)
Beginning in December 2022, District 12 will consist of a portion Canyon County.
See also
List of Idaho Senators
List of Idaho State Representatives
References
External links
Idaho Legislative District Map (with members)
Idaho Legislature (official site)
12
Canyon County, Idaho
Kuzemkino () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 3 as of 2002.
Geography
Kuzemkino is located 16 km northeast of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Fedotovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Amela Fetahović (17 April 1986 – 4 November 2021) was a Bosnian footballer who played as a midfielder for Serbian side Spartak Subotica and in the Bosnian League for SFK Sarajevo. With SFK Sarajevo, they played in the Champions League. They were a member of the Bosnian national team.
Death
Fetahović died on 4 November 2021, aged 35, following a car crash in Sarajevo.
References
External links
1986 births
2021 deaths
Bosnia and Herzegovina women's footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina women's international footballers
SFK 2000 Sarajevo players
ŽFK Spartak Subotica players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Expatriate women's footballers in Serbia
Road incident deaths in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Robert Glynn Luman (April 15, 1937 – December 27, 1978) was an American country and rockabilly singer-songwriter.
Early life and career
Luman was born in Blackjack, Texas, United States, though was raised in Nacogdoches, Texas. Their early interest in music was influenced by their father, an amateur fiddle, guitar and harmonica player.
Bob Luman received their first guitar when they were thirteen years of age.
Luman attended high school in Kilgore, where the family had moved after young Bob's birth and started their first band while in high school.
Luman had been a baseball star at their high school and tried out with the Major League Baseball Pittsburgh Pirates, but when they did not make it in professional baseball, they decided to concentrate on their music.
In 1956, they won a talent contest promoted by the Future Farmers of America, which earned them an appearance on the Louisiana Hayride.
For the Hayride, Luman formed a backup band called the Shadows, including James Burton on guitar, James Kirkland on bass and Butch White on drums. In 1957, the band signed with Imperial Records, where they recorded "All Night Long" (b/w "Red Cadillac and a Black Mustache") and "Amarillo Blues."
That same year, the band appeared on the Town Hall Party in Los Angeles, and appeared in the movie Carnival Rock, where they backed up David Houston.
The following year, having been dropped by Imperial Records, Luman signed with Capitol Records, where they released "Try Me" and "I Know My Baby Cares." Capitol Records wanted Luman to change their name, which they refused to do, so they left the record label and signed with Warner Bros. Records, recording "Class of '59" and "Loretta."
In 1960, Luman was inducted into the United States Army. It was while still serving in the Army Warner Bros. Records released Luman's best-known crossover hit, "Let's Think About Living," a novelty song that hit No. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and No. 9 on the Billboard country music chart. It also reached the Top 10 in the UK Singles Chart.
After leaving the Army in 1962, Luman moved to Nashville.
On August 12, 1964, they married Barbara in Yuma, Colorado.
In 1965, they joined the Grand Ole Opry.
Later career
Luman toured frequently in the 1960s and 1970s, and became popular in Las Vegas, with an act which combined country and rockabilly. They signed with Epic Records in 1968, and had several hits with them, including "Lonely Women Make Good Lovers" and "Still Loving You." "Lonely Women Make Good Lovers" became their biggest country hit, hitting No. 4 on the country chart. (Steve Wariner, who had earlier been a member of Luman's band, later covered the song in 1984, and he, too, took it to No. 4 on the country charts.)
Luman's other country hits included "Ain't Got Time To Be Unhappy" (1968), "Ballad of Two Brothers" (with Autry Inman, 1968), "When You Say Love" (1972), "Neither One Of Us (Wants To Be The First To Say Goodbye)" (1973), "Proud Of You Baby" (1975), and "The Pay Phone" (1977). Perhaps their most unusual song was a slow, soulful recitation of Johnny Cash's "I Still Miss Someone."
Luman died of pneumonia in Nashville in late December 1978. They were 41 years old. After their death, Bear Family Records released several compilations of their songs, including More of the Rocker, Still Rockin''' and Carnival Rock.
Legacy
Luman is a member of both the Rockabilly Hall of Fame and the Texas Country Music Hall of Fame.
Their song “Lonely Women Make Good Lovers” was featured in the 1988 drama film Rain Man.
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
Further reading
Davis, W.P. (1998). "Bob Luman" In Encyclopedia of Country Music.'' P. Kingsbury, Ed. New York: Oxford University Press. pp. 308–309.
"Robert Glynn (Bob) Luman," In "Handbook of Texas Online." Texas State Historical Association.
External links
Bob Luman's page at the Rockabilly Hall of Fame
1937 births
1978 deaths
Deaths from pneumonia in Tennessee
People from Tyler, Texas
People from Kilgore, Texas
American country singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Grand Ole Opry members
Epic Records artists
Hickory Records artists
Imperial Records artists
Polydor Records artists
Sony Music Publishing artists
Warner Records artists
20th-century American singers
Singer-songwriters from Texas
Country musicians from Texas
20th-century American male singers
No. 59 Squadron was a squadron of the Royal Air Force, based in Norfolk, England.
History
No.59 Squadron was formed at Narborough Airfield in Norfolk on 1 August 1916 as a squadron of the Royal Flying Corps. On 13 February 1917, the Squadron crossed the English Channel, deploying to Saint-Omer in northern France to operate in the army co-operation role, equipped with Royal Aircraft Factory R.E.8s.
During the Second World War it was attached to RAF Fighter Command (1937–1940), Bomber Command (taking part in the Millennium II raid on Bremen) and Coastal Command (1940–1945). After the war, No 59 Squadron was attached to Transport Command, flying troops to India from September 1945 until 15 June 1946, when the squadron was disbanded. On 1 December 1947 whilst at RAF Waterbeach, half the crew of No 51 Squadron were designated to reform as No 59 Squadron. At 0800 the move from RAF Waterbeach to RAF Abingdon commenced whereupon the arrival of their commanding officer, Squadron Leader E.V Best A.F.C at 1000, the squadron officially reformed, as a Long Range Transport Unit flying Avro Yorks. A detached flight would later take part in the Berlin Airlift (1948–49). The squadron disbanded again on 31 October 1950, then reformed at RAF Gutersloh, Germany in August 1956, when No. 102 Squadron was re-numbered No 59 Sqn flying English Electric Canberra B.2s and B(I).8s. No 59 Squadron was last disbanded in 1961, when it was re-numbered to No.3 Squadron.
References
number59.com: No.59 Squadron RAF Historical and Memorial Site
Royal Air Force:Historic Squadrons: 59 Squadron
Air of Authority: No 56 - 60 Squadron Histories
External links
Australian War Memorial 59 Squadron RAF- Roll of Honour
059 Squadrons
059 Squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1916
1916 establishments in the United Kingdom
Vladimir Turina (6 February 1913 – 22 October 1968) was a Croatian architect. Their work was part of the architecture event in the art competition at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
1913 births
1968 deaths
20th-century Croatian architects
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Banja Luka
Karaöz, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The Rebel () is a 2021 Chinese historical thriller television series based on Bi Yu's novel of the same name, directed by Zhou You and starring Zhu Yilong, Tong Yao and Wang Zhiwen. The series airs on CCTV-8 and iQIYI starting June 7, 2021.
Plot
In 1936, Lin Nan Sheng, a student of the China Reconstruction Society cadre training class, was taken to Shanghai to participate in the arrest of the underground party. In the process, Lin Nan Sheng was constantly attracted by the sense of mission and fearless sacrifice of the Communist members for the country. Lin Nan Sheng was brave and resolute in the fight against the puppet troops, and they repeatedly gained achievement. They stood with the Communists many times and used their special status in the military to provide great help to the underground party. After the victory at the War of Resistance, Lin Nan Sheng grew up into a true Communist. At the critical moment in the War of Liberation, they made outstanding contributions to the party and the country.
Cast
Zhu Yilong as Lin Nansheng
Tong Yao as Zhu Yizhen
Wang Zhiwen as Gu Shenyan
Wang Yang as Chen Moqun
Zhu Zhu as Lan Xinjie
Li Qiang as Ji Zhongyuan
Zhang Zixian as Wang Shian
Yao Anlian as Zhu Xiaoxian
Yuan Wenkang as Meng Annan
Dai Xu as Zuo Qiuming
Xia Minghao as Sun Fuan
Zhang Yihang as Zhu Licheng
Soundtrack
References
External links
2021 Chinese television series debuts
2021 Chinese television series endings
Chinese drama television series
Chinese period television series
Television shows based on Chinese novels
Television shows set in Shanghai
Mandarin-language television shows
Television series by New Classics Media
Chinese television series
Chinese espionage television series
China Central Television original programming
IQIYI original programming
Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References
Zalesie
The name “Technicolor Adventure” was used by Warner Bros. to define its one-reel (mostly 9-10 minutes in length) film shorts that were not part of the Sports Parade, also shot in Technicolor in the 1940s. Most were travelogues or human interest documentary films. Gordon Hollingshead produced most of them, with music scores provided by Howard Jackson.
List of films by title / major credits (not complete) / release date or copyright date (marked ©) / notes:
See also
List of short subjects by Hollywood studio#Warner Brothers
Travelogue (films)
References
Liebman, Roy Vitaphone Films – A Catalogue of the Features and Shorts 2003 McFarland & Company
Motion Pictures 1940-1949 Catalog of Copyright Entries 1953 Library of Congress
BoxOffice back issue scans
Documentary film series
Warner Bros. short films
The Volvo 7000, later Volvo 7700, was an integrally-constructed fully low-floor single-decker rigid bus and single-decker articulated bus built by Volvo between 1999 and 2012. It was generally available as 12-metre and 18-metre on both diesel and CNG, and from 2010 as a 12-metre hybrid electric. A trolleybus version has also been built.
History
The model was developed in Finland under the name Carrus K206, but when presented in late 1998 together with the Säffle-built Volvo 5000 it became known as the Volvo 7000. In addition to the 12.0 metre being built on B7L, it was also available as the 18.0 metre articulated Volvo 7000A built on B7LA. CNG versions were built on B10L/B10LA. Standard 12- and 18-metre versions were manufactured at the plant in Wrocław, Poland. In Vantaa, Finland (Carrus Oy Wiima) the 12-metre version was built, in addition to some customized lengths. Turku received some short 11-metre ones, while Helsinki received some longer ones at 12.89 metres. Production in Vantaa ceased when the plant was closed down in 2001. By this time only 43 7000s had been delivered to customers in Finland, in addition to a handful of demonstrators for various countries.
During 2003 the model was renamed to Volvo 7700 and Volvo 7700A, to better fit with the other model names introduced since 2001, like the 8700 and the 9700. No other changes than the name are known to have been done to the model that year.
In 2006 it was upgraded with the B9L and B9LA chassis, and at the same time got a facelift. The front was changed with a "grille" and new headlights, and the rear end got a "lump" at the top and new taillights. The rest of the exterior was more or less unchanged.
In 2008 the first prototypes for a hybrid electric bus named Volvo 7700 Hybrid were built on the B5LH chassis. Serial production started in 2010.
Volvo's Hungarian subsidiary Alfa Busz Kft in Székesfehérvár manufactured a batch of 102 Alfa Cívis 12 in 2009, which were made to look similar to the 7700. There were two prototypes and then 100 buses for public operator DKV in Debrecen. In addition a batch of 40 Volvo 7700A were delivered to DKV the same year, being specially adapted, they were rebranded as Alfa Cívis 18.
The Volvo 7700's successor, the Volvo 7900, was introduced in 2011, and the last 7700s were built in 2012.
Operators
Continental Europe
Austria
In 1999, a batch of seven (#221-227) 7000A were delivered to Linz Linien. In 2000 they received a further two (#185-186) 7700 and in 2000-2001 19 (#201-219) 7000A that were built as trolleybuses, known as the Volvo 7000AT. In 2001-2002, Blaguss in Vienna received 12 (#9051-9062) standard 7000s.
Germany
Several cities received small batches of buses, while Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe received a total of 51 (#1355-1405) 7700s in 2002. Alpina Rhein-Main in Frankfurt received a batch of 36 (#901-936) B9L 7700s in 2006. In 2008, Autobus Sippel in Hofheim received 28 (#201-228) 7700s and 20 (#229-248) 7700As.
Hungary
In 2003, Volvo signed a contract to deliver 150 7700As to BKV in Budapest, being the first ever non-Hungarian manufacturer to deliver such an order to Budapest. All 150 buses were delivered between 2004 and 2006. BKV have later bought both 7700 and 7700A second hand, and operates a few leased Alfa Cívis 12. More 7700As have been delivered to other Hungarian operators from 2007.
Lithuania
Between 2004 and 2006, Vilniaus autobusai received 60 7700s and 30 7700As. This was Volvos first order for new citybuses in Lithuania. 2006 made Volvo 7700s are also used in Kaunas.
Netherlands
BBA in North Brabant, later Veolia Transport Nederland, received in 2004 a batch of 35 (#250-256, #3801-3828) 7700s, and a further 114 (#3829-3942) 7700s and 48 (#5811-5858) 7700As of the new B9L/B9LA type in 2006-2007.
Poland
As the model was being produced in Poland, several cities in Poland received batches of 7000s and 7000As, with city of manufacturing, Wrocław, receiving 100 (#8046-8145) 7000A/7700A and 37 (#7000-7036) 7000/7700 between 2001 and 2006.
Switzerland
Between 2000 and 2002, TPG in Geneva received a total of 84 (#301-384) 7000A, with additional 6 (#385-390) 7700A in 2004. Bernmobil in Bern received a batch of 32 (#801-832) 7700A on B9LA CNG in 2006-2007, followed by 15 (#121-132, #141-143) 7700 on B9L CNG in 2007-2009.
Nordic countries
Despite its Nordic origin, the 7000/7700 was never really popular in the Nordic countries, except for a few Wiima-built ones that were delivered to Helsinki and Turku when the model was fairly new. This is mostly because full low-floor buses have not been much popular there compared to the low-entry ones. It was first when the hybrid arrived that the 7700 became a popular model in the region.
Norway
In early 2001, one Vantaa-built 7000 came to Norway as a demonstrator, and was the only 7000/7700 in the country until the B9L-facelift in 2006. It was never really sold to any customer, and was only rented out for shorter periods to different operators. BorgBuss received as first Norwegian customer two (#96166-96167) B9L CNG 7700s for Fredrikstad in 2006, with two more (#96177-96178) in 2009. Sporveisbussene (now Unibuss) in Oslo received in 2007 a batch of 11 (#513-523) 7700s. Veolia Transport (now Boreal Transport) in Stavanger received the same year a batch of 15 (#1057-1071) 7700As, followed by 35 (#1139-1173) CNG 7700s in 2008. Then in 2010 a massive amount of 7700s and 7700As reached the country. Tide Buss received 63 (#8264-8273, #8286-8338) 7700s and 12 (#8274-8285) 7700As for Bergen, and 16 (#5130-5145) CNG 7700s for Haugesund. Nettbuss received 22 (#48320-48339, #48392-48393) 7700s for Grenland, 10 (#47489-47498) 7700 Hybrids for Trondheim (Team Trafikk) and two (#10008-10009) 7700 Hybrids for Arendal. Unibuss received two (#608-609) 7700 Hybrids and five (#1018-1022) 7700As for Oslo. In 2011, Nettbuss received one (#17085) 7700 Hybrid for Sarpsborg, while Unibuss received one (#1210) 7700 Hybrid and 22 (#1250-1271) CNG 7700s for Oslo. Early in 2012, Nobina Norge received 32 (#1152-1183) 7700 Hybrids for Tromsø, and Nettbuss received 13 (#22301-22313) 7700 Hybrids for Hamar in the summer. Also in January 2012, two of the 2008 prototypes went into a one-year test run for Boreal Transport in Finnmark, with at least one of them serving as citybus in Alta. The last of this model to be delivered to a customer in Norway was a custom made 18.75-metre 7700A that had been built in 2011/2012 in a bid for a tender in Oslo where the buses by requirement had to be at least 18.74 metres long. Volvo did not win the bid, and if they had, the serial production would most likely have been built as 7900A. In late 2013 this bus entered service for Avinor as an airside bus at Trondheim Airport, Værnes.
North America
Mexico
In 2012, Mexico City Metrobús line 4 was inaugurated with 54 12-metre Volvo 7700 buses. Most of these were of the standard B9L type, but there were also a few 7700 Hybrid. It is not known if these buses were shipped from Poland or if they were assembled on the continent.
References
External links
Vehicles introduced in 1999
7700
Low-floor buses
Hybrid electric buses
Articulated buses
Tri-axle buses
Trolleybuses
Joshua Eagle and David Rikl were the defending champions but Eagle chose not to compete this year. Rikl instead competed with Leander Paes.
Rikl defended their title with Paes, defeating František Čermák and Leoš Friedl in the final, 6–3, 6–3.
Seeds
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
Leander Paes / David Rikl (champions)
Wayne Arthurs / Paul Hanley (first round)
Tomáš Cibulec / Cyril Suk (first round)
František Čermák / Leoš Friedl (final)
Draw
External links
2003 Allianz Suisse Open Gstaad Doubles Draw
Swiss Open (tennis)
2003 ATP Tour
2003 Allianz Suisse Open Gstaad
Debbie Hayton (born 1968) is a transgender British secondary school science teacher and political activist.
Activism
Since 2016, they have been a vocal opponent of gender self-identification, and supports laws which aim to define women-only spaces as being based on sex rather than gender identity. They have spoken at meetings for Woman's Place UK, a "gender-critical" group.
At a July 2019 event hosted by Fair Play For Women, Hayton wore a T-shirt which (mimicking a slogan by Stonewall) stated that "Trans women are men. Get over it." They were criticised and threatened with expulsion from the LGBT+ committee of the Trades Union Congress for their actions. Hayton had sat on the committee for five years.
In 2020, the National Education Union's Trans and non-binary network criticised Hayton's appointment by the union for a role on the TUC's LGBT+ Committee.
Hayton's inclusion in Church of England resource materials caused controversy at General Synod in 2021. Jayne Ozanne criticised the inclusion, describing Hayton as someone "outspoken in their denial of the very existence of trans people". Synod member Ian Paul supported Hayton, asking Bishop Sarah Mullally about actions being taken to protect Hayton "from intimidation and from attempts to silence her".
Personal life
Hayton is a transgender woman, who underwent gender transition in 2012 and gender reassignment surgery in 2016.  They are married with three children.
References
External links
English journalists
Living people
LGBT journalists from the United Kingdom
Transgender writers
Transgender women
21st-century LGBT people
1968 births
Timothy J. Murtaugh (born May 6, 1943 at Chester, Pennsylvania) is an American former professional baseball catcher and manager. The son of former Pittsburgh Pirates infielder and manager Danny Murtaugh, Tim fashioned a 13-year career in the Pirates' farm system (1965–1977), six of them as an active player, and seven as a manager or playing manager.
The 5 foot, 11 inch (1.8 m), 195 pound (89 kg) Murtaugh signed with the Pirates after graduating from the College of the Holy Cross. A switch hitter, they threw right-handed. The Associated Press called them a "bona fide major league prospect". After their playing career peaked with five games at the Triple-A level with the 1968 Columbus Jets of the International League, they became a skipper in the Pittsburgh minor league organization, where they won championships in the Carolina League (1972) and Eastern League (1974). They spent 1½ seasons managing at the Triple-A level with the 1976 Charleston Charlies and the 1977 Columbus Clippers. As a player, they appeared in 513 games and batted .259, with 13 home runs.
After leaving the game after the '77 campaign, Murtaugh worked in insurance and successfully entered local politics, serving as a member of the board of commissioners of Ridley Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, and multiple terms on the Delaware County Council.
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Caribbean Series managers
Clinton Pilots players
College of the Holy Cross alumni
Columbus Jets players
Gastonia Pirates players
Holy Cross Crusaders baseball players
Minor league baseball managers
Raleigh Pirates players
Salem Pirates players
Salem Rebels players
Sherbrooke Pirates players
Sportspeople from Chester, Pennsylvania
Thetford Mines Pirates players
Waterbury Pirates players
York Pirates players
Olav Christopher Jenssen (born 2 April 1954 in Sortland, Norway) is a Norwegian artist.
Jenssen is considered one of the most acclaimed contemporary Norwegian artists, with a significant international career. They have for years lived and worked in Berlin. From 1996 to 2003 they were professor of painting at the Hochschule Fine Arts in Hamburg, and since 2007, they are professor of painting at the Hochschule Fine Arts in Braunschweig. In 1992, they were selected to exhibit at the prestigious exhibition documenta in Kassel, Germany.
They were festival exhibitor in Bergen in 2000, perhaps considered to be the most prestigious solo show in Norway for a Norwegian artist.
Their series of paintings; "Lack of Memory" (1992) was named one the 12 most important Norwegian artworks, by Morgenbladet.
References
1954 births
Norwegian artists
Norwegian male artists
Living people
Recipients of the Prince Eugen Medal
People from Sortland
Büyükalan is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Kwiatkowice may refer to:
Kwiatkowice, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Kwiatkowice, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Kwiatkowice, Lubusz Voivodeship (west Poland)
See also
Kwiatkowice-Kolonia
Jeff Olson (born January 16, 1966, in Bozeman, Montana) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
1966 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Bozeman, Montana
20th-century American men
A constitutional referendum was held in Ecuador on 15 January 1978. Voters were asked whether they wanted a new constitution or a revised version of the existing constitution. The former option was approved by 57% of voters, although around invalid votes accounted for a quarter of those cast, with many cast in protest at not having the option of returning to the 1945 constitution.
Background
Following a military coup in 1972, in 1976 the military government formed three commissions to assist with the transition back to civil rule. One group was to draft a new constitution, one was to revise the 1945 constitution, and one to create laws on political parties, local elections and the referendum.
Results
References
1978
1978 in Ecuador
1978 referendums
Constitutional referendums in Ecuador
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1961 season.
League standings
Norrland
Svealand
Västra Götaland
Östra Götaland
Allsvenskan promotion playoffs
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Little Scarlet is a type of Fragaria virginiana, a wild strawberry, and the name of a jam made from it. The species of strawberry is from North America but this selection is grown only in Britain.
This tiny berry is approximately one fifth the size of a commercially cultivated strawberry, similar in size to the alpine or wood strawberry. The plant was brought to Britain in the 1900s by C.J. Wilkin, a member of the family who own the Wilkin & Sons conserve manufacturing company in Tiptree, Essex, following a visit to the United States where the plant grew wild. The company seems to be the only commercial grower of this fruit anywhere in the world. The Little Scarlet conserve sells in around fifty countries at prices up to US$19 for a 12oz jar.
Cultural references
According to their former chef, Queen Elizabeth II would eat the product when their preferred home-made jam is unavailable.
Ian Fleming portrays James Bond's favorite breakfast to include the product in From Russia, with Love. Pulitzer Prize-winner Philip Roth often wrote about the product, including in Sabbath's Theater.
References
External links
Official Tiptree website - maker of the Little Scarlet conserve
Strawberry cultivars
Happily (foaled 27 February 2015) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old in 2017 they were one of best of their generation in Europe, winning four of their seven races including two at Group 1 level. After finishing unplaced on their debut they won a maiden race and the Group 3 Silver Flash Stakes before running second to their stablemate Magical in the Debutante Stakes. They reversed the form to beat Magical in the Moyglare Stud Stakes and then defeated male opposition to take the Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère. At the end of the season they were voted Cartier Champion Two-year-old Filly. In the following year they were placed in the 1000 Guineas, Irish 1,000 Guineas and Sun Chariot Stakes.
Background
Happily is a bay filly with a white blaze bred in Ireland by the'resothrilling Syndicate. They were sired by Galileo, who won the Derby, Irish Derby and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes in 2001. Galileo became one of the world's leading stallions and has been champion sire of Great Britain and Ireland nine times. Their other progeny include Cape Blanco, Frankel, Golden Lilac, Nathaniel, New Approach, Rip Van Winkle and Ruler of the World. Happily's dam You'resothrilling was a sister of the leading racehorse and stallion Giant's Causeway. You'resothrilling was trained by Aidan O'Brien and won the Cherry Hinton Stakes in 2007. Happily is their fifth foal, the first four being Marvellous, Gleneagles, Coolmore (C L Weld Park Stakes) and The Taj Mahal (Zipping Classic).
During their racing career Happily has been trained by Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle.  They are owned by John Magnier's Coolmore Stud partnership (officially Michael Tabor, Susan Magnier and Derrick Smith), usually racing in the purple and white colours of Derrick Smith. They usually race in a tongue-tie.
Racing career
2017: two-year-old season
Happily made their debut in a maiden race over seven furlongs at Leopardstown Racecourse on 8 June in which they started at odds of 5/1. Ridden by their trainer's son Donnacha O'Brien they made little impact and came home seventh of the eleven runners, ten lengths behind their winning stablemate September. Three weeks later, with O'Brien again in the saddle, the filly started odds-on favourite for a similar event at the Curragh and recorded their first success as they took the lead inside the final furlong to win by one and three quarter lengths from the Ger Lyons-trained Shalailah. Ryan Moore took over the ride when the filly was stepped up in class for the Group 3 Silver Flash Stakes at Leopardstown on 27 July. Starting the 8/11 favourite against four opponents they took the lead a furlong out and drew away to win "easily" by five lengths, with Shalailah again being their closest pursuer. After the race Aidan O'Brien said "You'd be delighted with that. They look like she's come forward again. She's lovely and Ryan is very happy with them They picked them up very easily."
On 20 August at the Curragh Happily faced a rematch with September in the Group 2 Debutante Stakes, with the latter being marginally preferred in the betting. A third O'Brien filly, named Magical set off in front with Moore settling Happily in second place. Although they made some progress in the closing stages they were never able to get on terms with Magical and was beaten one and a quarter length by their less-fancied stablemate. Happily, Magical and September met again in the Group 1 Moyglare Stud Stakes three weeks later with Happily, ridden by Donnacha O'Brien being the least fancied of the Ballydoyle trio on 13/2. The favourite for the race was the Jessica Harrington-trained Alpha Centauri who had won the Fillies' Sprint Stakes and finished second in the Albany Stakes at Royal Ascot. As in the Debutante Stakes, Happily settled in second place behind Magical before making their challenge in the final furlong. On this occasion however they were able to catch their stablemate on the line and prevailed by a short head with a gap of more than three lengths back to September in third. Aidan O'Brien commented "Happily toughed it out and Magical ran a stormer as well. Donnacha gave them a great ride. They were delighted to be on Happily" before naming the Prix Marcel Boussac and the Fillies' Mile as possible future targets.
At Chantilly Racecourse on 1 October, Happily was matched against male opposition in the Group 1 Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère over 1600 metres. Ridden by Moore they went off the 6/5 favourite ahead of five rivals including Masar (Solario Stakes), Olmedo (runner-up in the Prix des Chênes) and the Listed race winners Mythical Magic and Francesco Bere. They raced towards the rear of the field as Mythical Magic set the pace before moving upon the outside in the straight. The filly gained the advantage inside the last 100 metres and wone by one and a quarter length and a short neck from Olmedo and Masar. Ryan Moore said "We were confident they would get the trip well. We started racing a long way from home and they showed a great will to win. For a filly to beat the colts is a good thing for the future".
On their final appearance of the season Happily was sent to California to contest the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf at Del Mar Racetrack on 3 November. Racing on much firmer ground than they had previously encountered they started favourite but dropped out of contention after failing to obtain a clear run in the last quarter mile and finished last of the sixteen runners.
2018: three-year-old season
On their three-year-old debut Happily started the 11/4 favourite for the 1000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile at Newmarket Racecourse on 6 May. After racing in mid-division they made steady progress without looking likely to win and came home third behind Billesdon Brook and Laurens. Three weeks later in the Irish 1,000 Guineas at the Curragh they went off the 5/4 favourite but came home third behind Alpha Centauri and the pacemaker Could It Be Love. They were then sent to Chantilly for the Prix de Diane and finished fourth behind Laurens in a "blanket finish" which saw the first five separated by half a length. Happily took on male opposition and older horses in the Eclipse Stakes at Sandown Park in July and came home fifth of the seven runners behind Roaring Lion. After a break of over two months they returned in the Matron Stakes at Leopardstown and came home fifth behind Laurens. On 6 October the filly started at odds of 8/1 for the Sun Chariot Stakes at Newmarket. They took the lead in the early stages before settling in second behind Laurens and after a prolonged struggle with the British-trained filly they were beaten a head into second place. Two weeks later the filly was entered in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot but was withdrawn from the contest after becoming distressed and unruly in the starting stalls. On their final run of the season, Happily was sent to Churchill Downs for the Breeders' Cup Mile on 3 November. They finished eighth of the fourteen runners, beaten three and a half lengths by the winner Expert Eye.
Assessment and awards
On 16 November 2017 at the Cartier Racing Awards, Happily was named Champion two-year-old filly.
Pedigree
Note: b. = Bay, br. = Brown, ch. = Chestnut
* Happily is inbred 3 × 4 to the stallion Northern Dancer, meaning that Northern Dancer appears once in the third generation and once in the fourth generation of their pedigree.
References
External links
Career 1-2-3 Colour Chart – Happily
2015 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Thoroughbred family 11
is a professional Japanese baseball player. They play infielder for the Hanshin Tigers.
Early Baseball Career
Yūsuke started playing softball in 1st grade as both a pitcher and infielder, and continued until junior high. They doubled as a pitcher and infielder for Tsukuba Shuei High, but their team never made it to the national tournaments in Koshien. They hit a total of 27 home runs in high school.
They entered Hakuoh University in Tochigi prefecture, and played solely as 3rd baseman as their team participated in the Kankoshin Student Baseball Federation League. In their 4th year, they batted an average of .417 and set a league record of 8 home runs in a single tournament. They were also awarded for the most runs batted in (20 RBI). In all of their 98-game appearances, they recorded 119 hits and 93 runs, including 16 homeruns.
Hanshin Tigers
They were the Tiger's 1st pick at the 2016 NPB Draft. They signed with Hanshin for a contract of 100 million yen, 50 million signing bonuses for an estimated annual salary of 15 million. They inherited the jersey number 3, formerly worn by retired infielder Kentaro Sekimoto.
2017
They joined the main squad spring camp training but struggled at the plate as they went hitless for 17 at-bats. Despite batting .333 in 9 appearances during the pre-season games, they were sent back to the farms as there was a surplus of infielders in the main roster.
They spent the 1st half of the season playing in Western League (farm games), where until June, they averaged .232 and batted in 14 runs (1 HR). Finally on June 23, they were called to pinch hit against the Carps in Mazda Stadium. On July 1, they notched their first career hit and first career home run which won the match against the Swallows in Koshien. They became the 7th Hanshin rookie to notch a home run as their first hit; this was last accomplished 30 years ago by Hiroshi Yagi. By the end of July, they were batting third, and continued to hit well in the succeeding games. On August 18, they recorded the first 5-RBI game of their career including a three-run home run. They were assigned the clean up spot in the next month, and when they notched their 6th homerun on September 2, they became the first Hanshin Rookie to hit a home run as a clean up batter. They ended the season with a .237 average, 7 home runs and 38 RBIs in 198 at bats. They also finished second in the Central League Rookie of the Year voting behind Chunichi Dragons shortstop Yota Kyoda.
They continued to bat clean up during the post-season Climax Series games (playoffs) against the Baystars, and on October 15, they went 4-for-5 (1B9, HR7, 2B9, 2B8, F9) and tied the playoffs record for most hits in a game with 15 other players.  They are the first rookie to accomplish the feat during post-season play (including the Nippon Series), and the fourth rookie in Climax Series history to hit a home run. They notched 7 hits and 4 RBIs during the three playoff games before Hanshin got eliminated.
Their performance for the season earned them a 10 million pay raises, bringing their annual salary to 25 million yen.。
2018
They played for the Samurai Japan in the 2018 ENEOS Samurai Japan Series versus Australia before the season started. They managed to secure the third-base position during the season-opener, but saw fewer plate appearances as they went on a hitting slump in April, and was eventually sent back to the farm on June 22. They redeemed themselves by batting 0.400 in 8 farm games, scored 8 RBIs including 3 home runs, which prompted management to call them back to the main squad a few days later. They continued to hit well in the following weeks, but did not really hit anything beyond the fence. In September however, they hit one home run after another, including 2 home runs in a single inning during the September 16 match against the Baystars, and a rare inside-the-park home run on September 27. This brought their total to 11, and they experienced their first season with double digit home runs.
They finished the season at 0.274, with 48 RBIs out of 117 games. Their improved performance earned them an additional 5 million yen pay raise, bringing their annual salary to 30 million yen.
2019
As with the previous year, they played for the Samurai Japan in the 2019 exhibition games against Mexico. They were assigned the cleanup role (4th batter) in the season-opener against the Swallows, and continued in that role from then onwards. By June 20, they notched their 10th home run during the interleague games and became the first home-grown Hanshin player to hit double digit homers as cleanup since Osamu Hamanaka in 2003. As they fell into a slump in July however, the cleanup position was eventually assigned to the newly hired import Jeffry Marte on August 10. They still continued to appear in the line up, but saw fewer plate appearances after that. They managed to appear in all 143 games of the season, and despite topping the team in RBI and home runs (76 RBI, 14 HRs), they also topped both leagues in fielding errors (20) as a 3rd baseman. They also played in most of the games in the post-season Climax series, and hit the winning home run on top of the 9th during game 3 against the Giants, which turned out to be the team's only win in the final stage before getting eliminated. Their season performance earned them a 17 million pay raises, which brought their annual salary to 47 million yen.
2020
They had more competition for the infield positions this season with the entry of new import Justin Bour. And despite batting 0.378 in the pre-season games, they were benched for a few matches after the season opener as Jeffrey Marte played 3rd base. Only after Marte suffered from an injury on July 4 did they become a regular in the line up, and they continued to be the main clean-up man (4th batter) all throughout the pandemic-shortened season. They suffered from a minor slump in August, but from then on, they continued to bat above 0.290. By early September, they surpassed their previous home run record of 14 and was even in the running for the league's home run king title. But despite their good hit production, they did not manage a single home run for 18 straight matches in October and was overtaken for the title by 3 homers. They finished with a 0.288 average for 116 matches, and topped the team in RBIs and home runs with 85 (3rd in league) and 28 (2nd in league) respectively. They also finished 6th in the league in OPS with 0.918, and 2nd in slugging percentage with 0.560. They received a 53 million yen pay raise which more than doubled their previous salary for their best season performance yet. This made them the 3rd home-grown player in Hanshin history to reach the 100 million yen pay bracket within 5 years from their debut (next to Shintaro Fujinami and Norihiro Akahoshi), and the quickest infielder to do so (beating Takashi Toritani with 6 years). They were also chosen as the team captain for the 2021 season.
External links
Nippon Professional Baseball Stats
References
1994 births
Living people
Hanshin Tigers players
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball first basemen
Nippon Professional Baseball second basemen
Nippon Professional Baseball third basemen
Baseball people from Ibaraki Prefecture
Inveravon is sited on the east side of the River Avon in Scotland. It was long considered to be the likely site for a Roman Fort on the Antonine Wall in Scotland. The fort is one of the most dubious on the wall although some excavation and geophysics has been done. Near Inveravon Tower, the bare traces of a fort were found but there is nothing that an unskilled visitor could identify. Several excavations have unearthed the site's foundations as well as a section of the Military Way. Cobbled surfaces and some stone walls were found. Also ‘expansions' were discovered, perhaps used as signal or beacon towers.
Two temporary marching camps have been found. In the 1950s aerial photography brought these to light. News about them was circulated in the Journal of Roman Studies by J.K. St. Joseph. The sites are south of the Wall and south-east of Inveravon. In 1960, aerial photography revealed a 3rd camp. It was also south of the Wall. Additional camps at Mumrills and on either side of Grangemouth Golf Course have been identified.
Many Roman forts along the wall held garrisons of around 500 men. Larger forts like Castlecary and Birrens had a nominal cohort of 1000 men but probably sheltered women and children as well although the troops were not allowed to marry. There is likely too to have been large communities of civilians around the site.
References
Forts of the Antonine Wall
Archaeological sites in Falkirk (council area)
The 2016 MercedesCup was a men's tennis tournament played on grass courts. It was the 39th edition of the MercedesCup, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2016 ATP World Tour. It was held at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, Germany, from 6 June until 13 June 2016. Dominic Thiem won the singles title.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of May 23, 2016
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Michael Berrer
Jan Choinski
Juan Martín del Potro
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Fabrice Martin
Florian Mayer
Sergiy Stakhovsky
Radek Štěpánek
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Evgeny Donskoy →replaced by Mikhail Youzhny
Benoît Paire →replaced by Sam Groth
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of May 23, 2016
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Michael Berrer / Jan-Lennard Struff
Juan Martín del Potro / Taylor Fritz
Finals
Singles
Dominic Thiem defeated Philipp Kohlschreiber, 6–7(2–7), 6–4, 6–4
Doubles
Marcus Daniell / Artem Sitak defeated Oliver Marach / Fabrice Martin, 6–7(4–7), 6–4, [10–8]
References
External links
ATP tournament profile
Stuttgart Open
Stuttgart Open
Stutt
John Donovan (1928 - April 29, 1992) was an American writer of young adult literature.  They are best known for their 1969 novel I'll Get There. It Better Be Worth the Trip, the first known young adult novel to directly address the subject of homosexuality.
Early life
Born in Lynn, Massachusetts, Donovan was educated at the College of William and Mary and the University of Virginia. They worked for the copyright office of the Library of Congress before briefly joining St. Martin's Press.
Career
They published their first work as a writer, The Little Orange Book, in 1961.
In 1967, they became executive director of the Children's Book Council, a position they held until their death. In this position, they actively advocated for literature that addressed real life issues faced by children and teenagers.
Their later children's and young adult books included Wild in the World, Good Old James and Family. They also wrote two short plays, Damn You, Scarlett O'Hara and All My Pretty Ones, which were published in 1963 and staged off-Broadway in 1964 under the collective title Riverside Drive. The play's staging at New York City's Theatre de Lys starred Sylvia Sidney and Donald Woods.
Personal life
Donovan's longtime partner was Stan Raiff, a theatre producer. The couple lived in Manhattan.
Donovan died on April 29, 1992 of cancer. Their niece Stacey Donovan was the executor of their estate, and was involved in the 2010 republication of I'll Get There.
I'll Get There was the subject of an essay by Martin Wilson in the 2010 book The Lost Library: Gay Fiction Rediscovered.
References
1928 births
1992 deaths
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
American writers of young adult literature
American male novelists
American male dramatists and playwrights
American LGBT novelists
LGBT dramatists and playwrights
LGBT people from Massachusetts
American gay writers
People from Lynn, Massachusetts
Novelists from Massachusetts
Writers from New York City
University of Virginia alumni
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from New York (state)
20th-century LGBT people
Klarwein is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Franz Klarwein (1914–1991), German tenor
Jason Klarwein
Mati Klarwein (1932–2002), French painter
Michaela Klarwein (born 1943 or 1946), German actor
Ossip Klarwein (1893–1970), Polish-born German-Israeli architect
Elizabeth Baron was an Australian screenwriter who worked in the British film industry in the 1940s, collaborating with directors such as Maurice Elvey.
Selected filmography
Dick Barton Strikes Back (1949)
Beware of Pity (1946)
Strawberry Roan (1944)
Medal for the General (1944)
The Gay Intruders (1944)
The Lamp Still Burns (1943)
The Gentle Sex (1943)
Mr Bunting at War (1942)
Salute John Citizen (1942)
References
External links
1910 births
Australian screenwriters
Australian women screenwriters
Possibly living people
Australian expatriates in the United Kingdom
The Arizona State Sun Devils women's basketball team represents Arizona State University in women's basketball. The school competes in the Pac-12 Conference in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). The Sun Devils play at Desert Financial Arena in Tempe, Arizona near the campus.
Season-by-season record
As of the end of the 2016–17 season, the Sun Devils have a 670–475 all-time record. They have reached the NCAA Tournament 17 times, with 12 of those occurring since 2000. They finished as NWIT runner-up in 1981.
Postseason Appearances
NCAA Division I Tournament Results
The Sun Devils have been in 17 NCAA Tournaments. Their record is 21–17.
WNIT Appearances
The Sun Devils have been in 6 WNIT Tournaments. Their record is 3-7.
Notable players
Retired jerseys
WNBA Players
Briann January, Connecticut Sun
WNBL
Joy Burke, Bendigo Spirit
References
External links
Gürsu, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Ogrodniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Welfare Reform Act 2007 (c.5) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which alters the British social security system. A number of sections come into force two months after royal assent and the first commencement order made under the Act specified that section 31 came into force on 1 November 2007.
The green paper
The green paper is available as a .pdf document from the links at the end of the article.
The Government's objectives for the Act, as stated in the green paper were to:
Reach 80% employment amongst all people of working age (it was just shy of 75% when the paper was released).
To reduce the numbers claiming incapacity benefit by 1 million (from 2.7 million at the time). This was later stated to be achieved "within a decade"
To help 300,000 lone parents back into work.
To increase the number of older workers, aged fifty or over, in work by 1 million.
Provisions, aims and criticisms of the Act
The Act is wide-ranging and affects a large swathe of the population, particularly those dependent on housing benefit and those suffering from physical and mental ill health and disability.
Changes to provision of Housing Benefit
The Local Housing Allowance method of assessing benefit will be applied across the de-regulated private rented sector nationwide.
Currently housing benefit is sent directly to landlords, not the tenants. The Act will change this so that rent money is paid to the tenant who will then be expected to pay this to the landlord. One of the stated motivations for this change is that it will give tenants an appreciation of the sums involved in their benefit claims and this will foster greater social responsibility. Criticism of this change has focused on vulnerable people such as drug addicted people (who may find the temptation of finding alternative uses for the money too great to withstand) and those with mental health problems (who may find the new responsibility difficult or impossible to fulfil).
The Act also introduces a housing benefit sanction for those who are found guilty of anti-social behaviour; benefit can be withdrawn and/or the tenants can be evicted.
Abolition of Incapacity Benefit
The Act replaces Incapacity Benefit with a new benefit, Employment and Support Allowance. The new benefit will require that regular effort be made by (non-exempted) claimants to seek work or take part in work-related assessments and regularly meet with an advisor. Those failing to do so may see a reduction of their benefit.
The medicals carried out to see who is eligible for the benefit will be made more stringent.
Criticism of the changes has been broad. Charities working with vulnerable people have welcomed the Government's pledge to assist the disabled into work but are concerned that there is a lack of funding for this support and that, in the end, there will be more coercion than help. Critics are broadly in agreement that employers remain very wary of taking on disabled or mentally ill people and much more needs to be done to change this.
Older people and single mothers
The stated aims of the legislation were to increase the numbers of older people (50+) and single mothers in employment - two groups that face particular difficulties in returning to work.
See also
Welfare Reform Act
References
External links
The Welfare Reform Act 2007, as amended from the National Archives.
The Welfare Reform Act 2007, as originally enacted from the National Archives.
Explanatory notes to the Welfare Reform Act 2007.
Parliamentary documents and debates timeline
Structure
The links in this section include only primary documents relating to the debate within Parliament.
''They are carefully laid out in the following manner; they are firstly ordered chronologically and then bulleted according to document type:
Headings
Hansard transcriptions of debates.
Parliamentary briefing documents and other primary sources.
Documents
Leading up to legislation
Lords - debate on 2001 Queen's Speech which included proposals for welfare reform - 25 June 2001
Commons - debate on Welfare Reform and Incapacity Benefit (pressure is increasing for the release of a Green Paper) - 22 November 2005
Green Paper
The Green Paper: The new deal for welfare: Empowering people to work. (PDF)
Commons - debate on the Welfare Reform Green Paper - 24 January 2006
House of Commons Work and Pensions Committee - Incapacity Benefits and Pathways to Work - Volume II: Oral and Written Evidence - 26 April 2006
Inquiry into Incapacity Benefits and Pathways to Work (PDF)
Bill: Commons Second Reading
Commons - second reading - 24 July 2006
Mind (mental health charity) - parliamentary briefing - second reading (PDF).
Disability Consortium (comprising RNIB, RNID, MENCAP, Scope and others) - parliamentary briefing - Second Reading - 24 July 2006
Age Concern parliamentary briefing - 24 July 2006 (PDF)
Citizen's Advice Bureau - parliamentary briefing - Second reading: House of Commons - 5 January 2007
Lords - debate on the Queen's Speech which included proposals for welfare reform - 21 November 2006
Committee
Committee Stage - 28-30 November 2006
Bill: Commons Third reading
Commons - debate on clause 3 'assessment of limited capability for work' - 9 January 2007
Commons - debate on clause 7 'participation on work-focused interviews - 9 January 2007
Commons - debate on clause 8 'limited capability for work' - 9 January 2007
Commons - debate on clause 29 'local housing allowance' - 9 January 2007
Commons - debate on clause 35 'supply of information by rent officers' - 9 January 2007
Lords - First Reading
Lords - first reading - 10 January 2007
Northern Ireland Assembly - debate - 23 January 2007
The assembly debates the motion "That this Assembly expresses deep concern about the implications of the Welfare Reform Bill, particularly the introduction of a new coercive regime into benefit administration, and its impact on a number of vulnerable groups, including neurological patients." The motion passes.
Lords - Second Reading
Lords - second reading - 29 January 2007
Citizen's Advice Bureau - parliamentary briefing - Second reading: House of Lords - 2 February 2007
Macmillan Cancer Support - Parliamentary briefing - 14 February 2007
Lords - 5 March 2007
The Freud Report: ‘Reducing Dependency, Increasing Opportunity: options for the future of welfare to work,' - 5 March 2007
Lords Report Stage - 19 March 2007
Lords - clause 1 'employment support allowance'
Lords - clause 10 'work focused health related assessments'
Lords - clause 25 'parliamentary control'
Citizen's Advice Bureau parliamentary briefing - Report stage: House of Lords - 23 March 2007
Bill: Lords Third Reading - 27 March 2007
Lords - clause 11 'work focused health related assessments'
Commons - Lords amendment no.1 - 2 May 2007
Undated: Barnardos' response to welfare new deal (PDF)
Press: Opinion pieces and editorials
No more talk of scroungers. It's a victory for civilisation. - Polly Toynbee, The Guardian - January 10, 2006.
"Now No 10 is in danger of sounding tougher than the Tories who have just demanded incapacity benefits should not be slashed."
A shocking failure of courage and realism that continues to damage our society. - The Daily Telegraph - January 25, 2006.
"a shocking failure of the British body politic, a failure of courage and realism. And it continues to be profoundly damaging to the character of British society."
A doleful tale from which no one benefits - Libby Purves - The Times - March 6, 2007.
"those who brandish carrots and sticks and hair-clippers must understand that often their enemy is a fatalistic state of mind which, though unhelpful, is explicable."
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 2007
Social security in the United Kingdom
Khatangsky District was a former district (raion) of the former Taymyr (Dolgan-Nenets) Autonomous Okrug, Russia which was merged into Krasnoyarsk Krai on 1 January 2007. The administrative centre of the district was the town of Khatanga.
Khatangsky district was located in the east of the Taymyr Dolgan-Nenets AO. It encompassed the south-eastern part of the Taymyr Peninsula and the majority of the Khatanga River was in the district.
History
Khatangsky district was created on 10 February 1927, before Taymyr AO was created. In 1930, when the okrug was formed, Khatangsky district became immediately subordinated to it.
Upon the merger of Taymyr AO and Krasnoyarsk Krai on 1 January 2007, Khatangsky district was abolished.
Demographics
Settlements
The district contained 10 settlements, 1 of which is nearly abandoned (postal codes in brackets):
The town of Khatanga (647460) - population 2,524
The village of Syndassko (647472) - population 570
The village of Novorybnaya (647471) - population 526
The village of Kheta (647484) - population 354
The village of Popigai (647474) - population 319
The village of Katyryk (647483) - population 317
The village of Kresty (647475) - population 308
The village of Novaya (647485) - population 294
The village of Zhdanikha (647470) - population 204
The village of Kayak (647486) - population said to be 4, but may be abandoned
Population
The population of the town and 10 settlements of the former district (since 1939) were:
1939: 3,115
1959: 5,008
1970: 7,471
1979: 8,290
1989: 10,251
2002: 6,980
2010: 6,081
References
Taymyr Autonomous Okrug
Rare Range () is a rugged mountain range between the Wetmore and Irvine Glaciers, in Palmer Land. Discovered and photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947–48. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (using the initials of the Ronne expedition) in recognition of the contributions made by this expedition to knowledge of Palmer Land and the Antarctic Peninsula area.
Mountain ranges of Palmer Land
Revis Hill Prairie State Natural Area, also known as Revis Hill Prairie Nature Preserve, is a state park located six miles south of Easton in Mason County, Illinois. It is operated by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources (IDNR) as a tallgrass prairie nature preserve and as a fish and wildlife area managed for deer hunting.
Description
Revis Hill is managed as a fragile ecosystem of loess, a loose, powdered loamy soil type formed from silt ground fine by glaciation and other events. After the loess was wind-deposited on the terrain of what became southern Mason County, Illinois to form a low hill, it was subject to rapid erosion and Revis Hill was dissected by ravines that drained into nearby Salt Creek.
Tallgrass prairie plants, such as little bluestem grass, purple coneflower, and leadplant countered the erosion by developing significant, interlaced root systems that held much of the loessy dust in place in the uplands. Meanwhile, in the dissected ravines, an upland oak-hickory forest grew. The transition belts between the loessy hill prairie and the ravine woodlands developed into oak savanna. Animals adapted to Revis Hill include whitetail deer, turkey vultures and bank swallows. The Illinois Nature Preserves Commission advises visitors to be on the lookout for bluebirds, western hognose snakes, and prairie walking stick insects.
Most of the Illinois hill prairie ecosystems that resembled Revis Hill were lost to the moldboard plow. Revis Hill re-entered the public domain and was dedicated by the state of Illinois as a natural area in August 1973. Land management practices utilized at Revis Hill include prescribed burning and the control of invasive species. The preserve is also managed for archery and firearm deer hunting, by permit only. IDNR supervises the unstaffed Revis Hill Prairie State Natural Area as a disjunct area of another Mason County state park that is staffed full-time, Sand Ridge State Forest.
See also
Fults Hill Prairie State Natural Area
References
Grasslands of Illinois
Nature reserves in Illinois
Protected areas established in 1973
Protected areas of Mason County, Illinois
1973 establishments in Illinois
State parks of Illinois
"Ice Cream Cake" is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Red Velvet for their debut extended play Ice Cream Cake (2015). Primarily a dance-rock track with influences from drum and bass, the song was written by lyricist Jo Yoon-kyung, Kim Dong-hyun, Fredrik Häggstam, Hayley Aitken, Johan Gustafsson and Sebastian Lundberg, while production and arrangement was handled by Hayley Aitken and Trinity Music. Following the release of "Automatic", it was released as the group's second single (marketed as the "main" title track) from the extended play on March 16, 2015, by SM Entertainment, along with an accompanying music video. With its parental release, the group showcased their dual sonic concept in one album for the first time as "Ice Cream Cake" was promoted as the "Red" single, in contrast to "Automatic" which was promoted as its "Velvet" single.
The song has since received critical acclaim from music critics, calling it an "addictive" and "unpredictable" pop infection, and showcased the group's potential. It also attained commercial success, becoming the group's breakthrough and second top-five hit, peaking at number four on Gaon Digital Chart and number three on Billboard's World Digital Songs chart.
Background and release
After wrapping up promotions for "Be Natural" in late October 2014, it was announced that Red Velvet would return with an extended play, marking their first proper release since the group's debut in August 2014. Prior to the official comeback announcement, Red Velvet was spotted filming in a desert just outside of Palmdale, California for a music video in February 2015 with then SM Rookies member Yeri, with the then-rumored song title to be "Blonde Girl". On March 11, 2015, S.M. Entertainment officially introduced Yeri as a new member of Red Velvet through a video uploaded on their YouTube channel, along with image teasers from member Irene and Joy. On the same day, they revealed the title of the group's first album to be Ice Cream Cake, which would be released on March 18, 2015. The official video for "Ice Cream Cake" was then uploaded on the official SMTOWN channel on March 16, before being released digitally on March 17, 2015.
Composition
"Ice Cream Cake" was produced by Hayley Aitken and producing team Trinity Music, which consists of Sebastian Lundberg, Fredrik Haggstam and Johan Gustafson. In December 2012, a 21-second demo version of the song was first spotted during an episode of Swedish TV show Kobra, where Lundberg, Haggstam and Gustafson can be seen processing the demo version which was sung in English. After being purchased by S.M. Entertainment, the song's lyrics was rewritten in Korean by songwriter Jo Yoon-kyung and Kim Dong-hyun, with the former whom had been writing for Red Velvet's labelmates previously, and the song title changed from its original name of "Ice Cream Truck."
Musically, the song is primarily a dance-rock track with influence from bubblegum pop and drum and bass, which represents the group's "Red" sonic characters. It was composed in the key of A major with a tempo of 172 beat-per-minute. In addition, it also features "haunted" harmony which can be heard during the intro of the song, while being accompanied by the sound of a music box. The lyrics tell the excitement of a girl being attracted to their boyfriend, using "ice cream cake" as a metaphor to the girl's feelings. Two different remix versions of the song were also used for the group's promotion, with the first one having an additional dance break section (performed on KBS Music Bank Half-Year Special) and the second one having a longer intro and another dance break section towards the end of the song, while omitting the second verse and chorus of the original version (performed on 2015 MBC Music Festival).
Music video
Background
Synopsis and reception
The music video for "Ice Cream Cake" was filmed around February 2015 at the Four Aces Movie Ranch located in Palmdale, California. It was directed by director Woogie Kim, whom had previously directed Red Velvet's debut single "Happiness". Setting in an abandoned motel, the music video features all five members dancing and singing to the song while showing the girls eating ice cream and drinking iced coffee in colorful outfits in the desert. At some scenes, the group can be seen driving along the road while being chased after by a big pink ball. The song's choreography was created by choreographer Kyle Hanagami, whom had previously choreographed for "Be Natural" in 2014. The video was uploaded on the official SMTOWN channel on March 16, 2015, and became the most viewed K-pop video in both America and the world for the month of March. It has since received more 100 million views, making it their sixth most watched music video.
Live performances
Promotion of the song was started with Ice Cream TV on March 17, 2015, where the group promoted their debut extended play by performing the songs live in the show, which was streamed through Naver Music and was hosted by SHINee's Minho. Two days after the digital release, they had their first live performance of "Ice Cream Cake" on M! Countdown, followed by performances on Music Bank on March 20 and Inkigayo on March 22, where they also performed a shortened version of "Automatic". A week later, the group returned to Music Bank and won their first music show trophy since their official debut. They then continued to promote the song within the first half of 2015 on music shows and radio talk shows, before ending with a year-end performance at the fifth Gaon Chart Music Awards on February 17, 2016, where they received the Hot Performance of the Year award. The song was part of the set list for Red Velvet's first concert Red Room in August 2017, where a remix version was performed instead of the original version.
In addition to the domestic promotion, Red Velvet had their first overseas performance of "Ice Cream Cake" and their first as a 5-member group in an SMTOWN concert held in Taiwan. The group then promoted and performed songs from the album in the Philippines for the Best of the Best K-pop Concert on April 12, a concert which also featured label mates Super Junior and Girls' Generation as well as Cube boy band BTOB, before having their first United States promotion at KCON on August 2 at the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles.
Critical reception
Upon its initial release, "Ice Cream Cake" was compared to the sound of label mate f(x) by many, and has since received critical acclaim from music critics. While Jeff Benjamin of Billboard magazine complimented the song as "a punchy, sugary pop confection", Kim Do-hyun of IZM chose it as a highlight of the EP, said the song "seemed to inherit" the sound of f(x), but "it built an identity" as "first Red Velvet". Jakob Dorof of pop music magazine Spin described the track "Ice Cream Cake" as "a treat as unexpected as it is unpredictable [...] packs a punch, but goes down smooth over time" and deemed it "the SM label's specialty: bubblegum pop that deeply rewards repeat rotations." On an individual music video review, Jesse Lent of KpopStarz said the song was "deeply arresting" and "delivers every intriguing move you could want from a shiny new pop song". Writer Chelsea from Seoulbeats applauded the song "alarmingly catchy" and "definitely an ear worm", while writer Jung Bae of Hellokpop chose the song as the Best Dance and Electronic Song of 2015 and ranked it fifth on the Song of the Year chart. The song would later appear in the top 25 Red Velvet songs by Billboard, landing at number eighteen on the list.
Commercial performance
Upon its digital release, "Ice Cream Cake" achieved great success and became the group's breakthrough hit. The song debuted and peaked at number four on Gaon Digital Chart while debuting at number three on Gaon Download Chart for the week of March 15, 2015, with a total sales of 145,437 downloads. It became the group's second top-five hit following "Happiness", which debuted and peaked at number five in 2014. Furthermore, it also charted at number 11 and number 8 on the monthly chart of Gaon Digital Chart and Gaon Download Chart, respectively, for the month of March 2015, earning a total of 262,925 downloads. Having spent a total of 17 weeks charting within the top 100, "Ice Cream Cake" appeared at number 46 on the year-end Gaon Digital Chart. As of July 2016, the song received more than 1,3 million downloads, making it Red Velvet's second million-seller and currently their eighth best-selling hit.
Elsewhere, the song debuted at number three on the US Billboard World Digital Song, becoming their third entry and second top-five hit on the chart. As of December 2019, "Ice Cream Cake" is the group's fourth most downloaded song, having achieved a total of 23,000 downloads.
Accolades
"Ice Cream Cake" won the Female Dance Award at the 2015 Melon Music Awards. It won the Best Female Dance Performance at the 2015 Mnet Asian Music Awards, and got longlisted on the UnionPay Song of the Year. It also won the Digital Bonsang on the 2016 Golden Disc Awards. The song also received six music program wins.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Ice Cream Cake.
Studio
Recorded at SM Blue Ocean Studio
Recorded at In Grid Studio
Additional vocal editing at SM Big Shot Studio
Mixed at SM Concert Hall Studio
Personnel
Red Velvet (Irene, Seulgi, Wendy, Joy, Yeri)vocals, background vocals
Jo Yoon-kyungKorean songwriting
Hayley Aitkencomposition, arrangement, background vocals
Sebastian Lundbergcomposition, arrangement
Fredrik Häggstamcomposition, arrangement
Johan Gustafsoncomposition, arrangement
Kenzievocal directing
Kim Chul-soonrecording
Lee Min-kyurecording, additional vocal editing
Jeong Eun-kyungrecording
Jiyoung Shinadditional vocal editing
Namkoong Jinmixing
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
See also
List of Inkigayo Chart winners (2015)
List of M Countdown Chart winners (2015)
References
Songs written by Hayley Aitken
2015 songs
Red Velvet (group) songs
Songs written by Johan Gustafson (record producer)
Songs written by Sebastian Lundberg
Songs written by Fredrik Häggstam
Michael John Tomczak (born October 23, 1962) is a former American football player. Tomczak played quarterback for several NFL teams from 1985 through 1999, including the Chicago Bears, the Green Bay Packers, the Cleveland Browns, and the Pittsburgh Steelers. They were the offensive coordinator for the Pittsburgh Power of the Arena Football League until 2014 when they ceased operations.
Early life, family and education
Tomczak is of Polish descent.
They attended Thornton Fractional North in Calumet City, Illinois. They attended college at Ohio State University and played football for its football team, the Buckeyes.
Professional football
Chicago Bears
Tomczak went undrafted out of college and signed as an original free agent with the Chicago Bears. They started no games their first year but did earn a Super Bowl ring, and saw playing time in Super Bowl XX on January 26, 1986, during the fourth quarter of the Bears' 46–10 win over the New England Patriots on the kickoff unit, where they were penalized for a facemask penalty. They were a member of the "Shuffling Crew" in the Bears' video for The Super Bowl Shuffle, mimicking playing guitar. They played for the Bears until 1990 starting 31 games and throwing for 31 touchdowns and 47 interceptions.
Green Bay Packers
Tomczak was signed by the Green Bay Packers after the 1990 season and started seven games, throwing 11 touchdown passes, 128 completions and 9 interceptions. They were cut by the Packers on Monday, August 31, 1992 after not participating in training camp activities or appearing in the entire preseason due to a lengthy contract holdout.
Pittsburgh Steelers
After spending a year with the Green Bay Packers and another with the Cleveland Browns, they signed with the Pittsburgh Steelers and spent seven seasons with the team, starting for much of the 1996 season and helping to guide the team into the playoffs. They started occasionally throughout their last three seasons with the Steelers, spelling Kordell Stewart for long stretches of the year in 1999.
After their contract with Pittsburgh was not renewed, they signed with the Detroit Lions in 2000 but suffered a broken right tibia in an exhibition game against the Oakland Raiders. After being forced to sit out the entire season, they retired from football, the last remaining active player from the 1985 Bears team. When asked about this, they replied, "Well, I had my run and I think it's time for new rookies to take my place on this team."
For their career, Tomczak has 73 starts, completed 55.3% of their passes for 88 touchdowns and 106 interceptions.
Career highlights
Among Tomczak's NFL career highlights, they won their first 10 starts at quarterback, all with Chicago, which set an NFL Record (breaking the mark set by former Pittsburgh Steeler Mike Kruczek). The mark was eventually topped by former Steeler QB Ben Roethlisberger. In 1988, Tomczak was the starting QB for Chicago in the infamous "Fog Bowl" playoff game against the Philadelphia Eagles, guiding the Bears to a 20-12 victory that put them in the NFC Championship Game. Tomczak started the last 15 games of the regular season, plus two playoff games, for Pittsburgh in 1996. The Steelers won 11 of those games, losing in the playoffs to eventual AFC champions, the New England Patriots. In their final regular season game, Pittsburgh lost a shoot-out against the Tennessee Titans 47-36, the highest scoring game in the history of Three Rivers Stadium. Tomczak passed for 309 yards and 2 touchdowns in their final game.
Career stats
Post NFL career
Tomczak worked as a sports announcer in Pittsburgh, as well as a color commentator for ESPN college football games, before becoming a sports management agent. In 2001, they appeared on the sitcom Yes, Dear as himself.  They are a director at SMG Sports Management and has continued to work as a sports commentator.
Tomczak was the offensive coordinator for the Pittsburgh Power of the Arena Football League from 2010-2014. Tomczak has served as a volunteer coach, with Division I-AA Youngstown State University, since 2017.
Legal trouble
In late April 2010 they were arrested and charged with two counts of simple assault for "lunging at their wife, grabbing them and stepping on their foot." The charges were dropped on May 4, 2010.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Chicago Bears players
Cleveland Browns players
College football announcers
Detroit Lions players
Green Bay Packers players
Ohio Dominican Panthers football coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
People from Calumet City, Illinois
Sportspeople from the Chicago metropolitan area
Players of American football from Illinois
American people of Polish descent
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Invisible Cinema is an album by jazz pianist and composer Aaron Parks, that was released on the Blue Note label on August 19, 2008. The album is Parks' debut for Blue Note.
Track listing
"Travelers"
"Peaceful Warrior"
"Nemesis"
"Riddle Me This"
"Into the Labyrinth"
"Karma"
"Roadside Distraction"
"Harvesting Dance"
"Praise"
"Afterglow"
Personnel
Aaron Parks – piano, mellotron, glockenspiel, synthesizers
Mike Moreno - guitar
Matt Penman – bass
Eric Harland – drums
References
External links
Post-bop albums
2008 albums
Blue Note Records albums
Diego Della Valle (born 30 December 1953) is the chairperson of the Italian leather goods company Tod's.
Biography
Family, youth and studies
Diego Della Valle is the elder son of Dorino Della Valle and grandson of Filippo Della Valle. Filippo started their shoemaking business in the 1920s, which Diego expanded into the now famous Tod's brand.
In their younger days, Diego studied Law in the University of Bologna having got that academic degree in 1975, conciliating since 2000 the career and the marketing of the family's shoemaking business.
Even during their younger days, Diego was business savvy: Diego used the power of celebrity to popularise their product, such an example was to have once persuaded their friend Luca di Montezemolo, who was a protégé of the then Fiat boss Gianni Agnelli, to present Agnelli with a pair of Tod's driving moccasins – the lawyer got Agnelli to wear Tod's shoes when attending Juventus football matches, which were widely televised; this product placement prompted a spike in sales.
Later
Diego now manages Tod's with their brother Andrea. Diego's older son, Emanuele, is also involved with the family business as the creative director. The factory in Casette d'Ete was designed by their wife, Barbara.
Other interests
Diego sits on the board of a number of companies, such as Ferrari, Maserati, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro and LVMH.
Sporting diligence
Diego bought the Tuscan football club ACF Fiorentina in 2002 owning it since that year, and owns the fashion brand Maison Schiaparelli which they are reviving. They sold ACF Fiorentina to Rocco Commisso at the end of the 2018/2019 season.
Historical culture
In 2013, they announced that they will take the restoration of the Colosseum, of Rome – by the costs of more than €30 mi.
Diego vs. Silvio Berlusconi
Diego has publicly attacked Silvio Berlusconi for the over-taxing of big business and their failure to support smaller Italian businesses. In return, Berlusconi has talked of suing Diego for defamation.
References
University of Bologna alumni
Italian Roman Catholics
20th-century Italian lawyers
Italian expatriates in the United States
1953 births
Italian chief executives
Directors of LVMH
Living people
People involved in the 2006 Italian football scandal
Italian industrialists
Italian billionaires
20th-century Italian businesspeople
21st-century Italian businesspeople
Italian football chairpeople and investors
Italian investors
ACF Fiorentina chairpeople and investors
Della Valle family
People from Sant'Elpidio a Mare
Eduardo Fernández Meyzán (30 April 1923–27 November 2002) was a Peruvian footballer.
Career
Born in San Vicente de Cañete, "Lolo" Fernández played club football for Universitario de Deportes from 1939 to 1946, winning five local championships. In 1947, they played in the Argentine Primera Division for Club Atlético Vélez Sársfield.
References
1923 births
2002 deaths
People from Lima Region
Peruvian footballers
Club Universitario de Deportes footballers
Sport Boys footballers
Atlético Chalaco footballers
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield footballers
Peruvian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Association footballers not categorized by position
Kevin Weymouth is a footballer who represented New Zealand at international level.
Weymouth made their full All Whites debut in a 2–1 win over China on 20 July 1975 and ended their international playing career with 12 A-international caps and 1 goal to their credit, their final cap an appearance in a 1–1 draw with Australia on 30 March 1977.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
The 3rd Annual Kids' Choice Sports was held on July 14, 2016, at the Pauley Pavilion in Los Angeles, California, and was broadcast three days later on July 17. Seattle Seahawks quarterback and Super Bowl Champion Russell Wilson returned as host.
Sports Council
A Kids' Choice Sports Council was formed to "lend their expertise and experience to help inform the awards show, consult on the nominee process and give feedback on categories."
Committee members are:
Baron Davis (former Hornets and two-time NBA All-Star)
Ken Griffey Jr. (former baseball outfielder and 13-time All-Star)
Lisa Leslie (former WNBA MVP and four-time Olympic gold medal winner)
Cal Ripken Jr. (former shortstop and third baseman for the Baltimore Orioles and 19-time All-Star)
Deion Sanders (NFL Pro Football Hall of Famer)
Misty May-Treanor (three-time Olympic beach volleyball gold medalist)
Andy Elkin (Agent, Creative Artists Agency)
Tracy Perlman (VP Entertainment Marketing and Promotions, NFL)
Jeff Schwartz (President and Founder, Excel Sports Management)
Jill Smoller (SVP, William Morris Endeavor)
Leah Wilcox (VP, Talent Relations, NBA)
Alan Zucker (SVP, IMG Clients Group)
Michael Phelps (most decorated Olympian of all time)
Tony Hawk (professional skateboarder)
Zane Stoddard (VP, Entertainment Marketing and Content Development, NASCAR)
Host
Russell Wilson
Presenters
Michael Strahan
Von Miller
Cree Cicchino
CC Sabathia
Madisyn Shipman
Nick Cannon
Tyler Toffoli
Kyrie Irving
Tony Hawk
Jagger Eaton
Jamie Anderson
Andre Drummond
Victor Espinoza
Emmanuel Sanders
Nikki Bella
Brie Bella
Cam Newton
Stephen Curry
Klay Thompson
Brandi Chastain
Rob Gronkowski
Ciara
Zendaya
Legend Award
Kobe Bryant received the 2016 Legend Award.
Nominees
Winners are highlighted in bold
Best Male Athlete
Kyle Busch (NASCAR)
Stephen Curry (NBA, Golden State Warriors)
Bryce Harper (MLB, Washington Nationals)
LeBron James (NBA, Cleveland Cavaliers)
Cam Newton (NFL, Carolina Panthers)
Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national team)
Best Female Athlete
Jamie Anderson (Professional snowboarder)
Elena Delle Donne (WNBA, Chicago Sky)
Lydia Ko (LPGA)
Katie Ledecky (US Swimming)
Alex Morgan (USWNST and NWSL, Orlando Pride)
Serena Williams (WTA)
Favorite Newcomer
Simone Biles (Professional Artistic Gymnast)
Taylor Fritz (ATP)
Todd Gurley (NFL, Los Angeles Rams)
Jewell Loyd (WNBA, Seattle Storm)
Karl-Anthony Towns (NBA, Minnesota Timberwolves)
Kristaps Porziņģis (NBA, New York Knicks)
Hands of Gold
Odell Beckham Jr. (NFL, New York Giants)
Antonio Brown (NFL, Pittsburgh Steelers)
Corey Crawford (NHL, Chicago Blackhawks)
Rob Gronkowski (NFL, New England Patriots)
Salvador Pérez (MLB, Kansas City Royals)
Andrelton Simmons (MLB, Los Angeles Angels)
Clutch Player of the Year
Stephen Curry (NBA, Golden State Warriors)
Kevin Durant (NBA, Oklahoma City Thunder)
James Harden (NBA, Houston Rockets)
Patrick Kane (NHL, Chicago Blackhawks)
Carli Lloyd (NWSL, Houston Dash)
Peyton Manning (NFL, Denver Broncos)
Sickest Moves
Odell Beckham Jr. (NFL, New York Giants)
Stephen Curry (NBA, Golden State Warriors)
Kyrie Irving (NBA, Cleveland Cavaliers)
Lionel Messi (FC Barcelona and Argentina national team)
Alex Ovechkin (NHL, Washington Capitals)
Russell Westbrook, (NBA, Oklahoma City Thunder)
Don't Try This at Home
Alise Post (Professional BMX Racer)
Ashley Caldwell (Professional Aerial Skier)
Danny Davis (Professional Snowboarder)
Nyjah Huston (Skateboarder)
Satoko Miyahara (Professional Figure Skater)
Ronda Rousey (UFC, MMA Fighter)
King of Swag
Antonio Brown (NFL, Pittsburgh Steelers)
Andre Iguodala (NBA, Golden State Warriors)
Von Miller (NFL, Denver Broncos)
Cam Newton (NFL, Carolina Panthers)
Cristiano Ronaldo (Soccer, Real Madrid C.F.)
Russell Westbrook (NBA, Oklahoma City Thunder)
Queen of Swag
Leticia Bufoni (Professional Skateboarder)
Swin Cash (WNBA, New York Liberty)
Misty Copeland (Ballet dancer)
Elena Delle Donne (WNBA, Chicago Sky)
Skylar Diggins (WNBA, Dallas Wings)
Caroline Wozniacki (WTA)
Best Cannon
Tom Brady (NFL, New England Patriots)
Novak Djokovic (ATP)
Bryce Harper (MLB, Washington Nationals)
Aaron Rodgers, (NFL, Green Bay Packers)
Serena Williams (WTA)
Russell Wilson (NFL, Seattle Seahawks)
Biggest Powerhouse
Prince Fielder (MLB, Texas Rangers)
Draymond Green (NBA, Golden State Warriors)
Rob Gronkowski (NFL, New England Patriots)
Holly Holm (UFC)
Von Miller (NFL, Denver Broncos)
J. J. Watt (NFL, Houston Texans)
Need for Speed
Usain Bolt (Professional Track and Field Athlete)
Billy Hamilton (MLB, Cincinnati Reds)
Candace Hill (Track and Field)
Jimmie Johnson (NASCAR)
Chloe Kim (Snowboarder)
Ted Ligety (Alpine Ski Racer)
References
External links
Nick.com's Official Kids' Choice Sports website
Nick.com's Official Kids' Choice Awards website
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
Kids' Choice Sports
Kids' Choice Sports
Kids' Choice Sports
Kid's Choice Sports
Kid's Choice Sports
July 2016 sports events in the United States
Gold Sands Beach is located in the southern tip of the Shandong Peninsula of sea shore in Phoenix island Huangdao District of Qingdao. It is near Yellow Sea in the south. Its shape is like the crescent. Gold Sands Beach is more than 3500 metres long and 300 metres wide. Because that the water is clear, the beach is flat, sand is like powder and the colour and lustre is as gold, it is named "Gold Sands Beach", which is the largest and most beautiful beach, known as "the first beach in Asia".
In 2008, it is rated as the AAAA level scenic spot.
Gold Sands Beach outdoor bathing place
Gold Sands Beach is stretching like a sickle-shaped moon. It is more than 3500 metres long. The sand is as gold and very soft. The seawater is clear, even can see the golden sand under the water.
It has the most beautiful beach and waves. The waves, which lifted by sea breeze blown from the Yellow Sea, always rush into the beach in threes and fours, which makes the long and narrow more splendid.
Gold Sands Beach has three gems: Sea cucumber, Abalone and Crab. They are big fat and high nutrition. It is said that you have a prolong life after eating. Whether this statement is accurate still waits for scientific appraisal. But one true thing is that the residents live around it are all longevous and people over 80 years old can be seen everywhere.
The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival
The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival is the full name of the Golden Beach Qingdao cultural tourism festival in China. It uses the gold beach as the carrier and highlights the features of open, internationalism, fashion and mass. Then it highlights beach culture, marine culture and tourism fashion culture and put culture, economic and trade, sports and other plate activity in one body. By hosting the national scale and level activities, government tries to make the Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festivals as the national-influenced and well-known festival activity. The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival is developing and improving gradually. It not only becomes a cultural event which embodies development zone cultural quality, the opening consciousness and construction achievements, but also becomes Qingdao region famous brands festival activity.
In every opening ceremony of the cultural tourism festival, many singers, hosts and chorus who are famous at home and abroad are invited.
"The Golden Beach Summer" cultural tourism weeks in 1998
With the purpose of building up the brand sex culture activities and creating good social environment for development zone economic construction, the government of development zone ceremoniously rolled out "the Golden Beach summer" cultural tourism weeks from July seventeenth to twenty-second. It held 15 kinds of activities.
"The Golden Beach Summer" Cultural Tourism Festival in 1999
In 1999, "the Golden Beach summer" cultural tourism weeks changed the name as "the Golden Beach Summer" Cultural Tourism Festival. It is held from August seventh to twelfth.
"The Golden Beach Summer" Cultural Tourism Festival in 2000
It was held in administrative center business square from August eleventh to seventeenth.
The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival in 2001
This festival is officially called the Golden Beach Qingdao cultural tourism festival in China. It was held in gold beach performance square from 4–12 August. Experts and scholars, who enjoyed a high reputation both at home and abroad, such as Zhou Shulian and Yang Qixian, and showbiz stars such as Li Wen and Mao Amin came to beach. Besides, national athletes, model, journalists, etc. also entered into the beach. It was broadcast live for the first time to an important activity by shandong TV.
The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival in 2002
It was held in gold beach performance square from August third to tenth. The opening ceremony corporated with Closed-circuit television(CCTV)society by exemplary, and invited many Taiwan's famous singers, Jiang Yuheng, and mainland's famous singers, such as Han Hong, Sun Yue, Yu Quan, Lin Yilun and so on.
The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival in 2003
It was held in gold beach performance square from August ninth to fifteenth. Because of the Severe acute respiratory syndrome(SARS), there were great changes in principle, activities content and organization operations. But it was still attracted more than 100,000 people.
The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival in 2004
It was held in QDETDZ from August seventh to thirteenth. It was with "investment promotion, pushing forward the development" as the theme, stood out the features of internationalism, academy, the characteristics of the mass. Hong Kong and Taiwan singers, Ren Xianqi, Liang Yongqi, Rong Zu'er, Tong An'ge, and mainland singers, Yin Xiumei, Ai Dai, Huang Zheng, Wang Rong, were dedicated cast. More than 300,000 people took part in the ceremony.
The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival in 2005
China · the Golden Beach Qingdao cultural tourism festival's most important activities plate-the covenant of xinghua· meeting in the phoenix island's large literary party were held in the Golden Beach, which made the whole city immerse in the happy festival atmosphere.
The Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival in 2006
In the evening, the Golden Beach performance square of Qingdao development zone immersed in a joy and warm rich festival atmosphere in July fifteenth.
The Golden Beach international football culture festival of Qingdao
It was an important part of the Golden Beach Cultural Tourism Festival in 2010. It made competitive as support, happy for fundamental key. Using the global popular carnival sports activities define traditional form, it promoted beach football which was the new sports to be a kind of lifestyle that relaxes body and mind. It gathered football fans from all over the world and invited The United States, Canada, France, South Korea, Japan and Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Qingdao and so on to attend. Furthermore, this program added beach football baby contest, which made the whole football culture festival content more lively and wonderful.
References
Beaches of China
Tourist attractions in Qingdao
Landforms of Shandong
AAAA-rated tourist attractions
Willi Schur (22 August 1888 – 1 November 1940) was a German actor and singer. They appeared in roughly ninety feature films in a variety of supporting roles.
Selected filmography
Berlin-Alexanderplatz (1931)
Who Takes Love Seriously? (1931)
The Captain from Köpenick (1931)
All is at Stake (1932)
Dreaming Lips (1932)
Sacred Waters (1932)
Gypsies of the Night (1932)
The Victor (1932)
The Invisible Front (1932)
A Tremendously Rich Man (1932)
Five from the Jazz Band (1932)
The Racokzi March (1933)
A City Upside Down (1933)
The House of Dora Green (1933)
The Star of Valencia (1933)
Gold (1934)
My Heart Calls You (1934)
Police Report (1934)
The Grand Duke's Finances (1934)
Hard Luck Mary (1934)
Music in the Blood (1934)
The Double (1934)
Miss Liselott (1934)
Trouble with Jolanthe (1934)
Master of the World (1934)
Don't Lose Heart, Suzanne! (1935)
Blood Brothers (1935)
Ave Maria (1936)
The Impossible Woman (1936)
The Court Concert (1936)
Stadt Anatol (1936)
Under Blazing Heavens (1936)
The Mysterious Mister X (1936)
White Slaves (1937)
Pat und Patachon im Paradies (1937)
The Irresistible Man (1937)
The Man Who Was Sherlock Holmes (1937)
The Woman at the Crossroads (1938)
By a Silken Thread (1938)
Dance on the Volcano (1938)
Storms in May (1938)
The Impossible Mister Pitt (1938)
Secret Code LB 17 (1938)
Napoleon Is to Blame for Everything (1938)
Madame Butterfly (1939)
Mistake of the Heart (1939)
Robert and Bertram (1939)
Marriage in Small Doses (1939)
Congo Express (1939)
Twilight (1940)
Bibliography
O'Brien, Mary-Elizabeth. Nazi Cinema as Enchantment: The Politics of Entertainment in the Third Reich. Camden House, 2006.
External links
1888 births
1940 deaths
German male film actors
20th-century German male singers
Actors from Wrocław
People from the Province of Silesia
20th-century German male actors
The Last Hour () is a 1921 German silent film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki and starring Reinhold Schünzel, Charlotte Ander and Maria Orska.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Hanns Otto.
Cast
Reinhold Schünzel
Charlotte Ander
Emil Biron
Hanne Brinkmann
Sadjah Gezza
Maria Orska
Ernst Pröckl
References
Bibliography
Bock, Hans-Michael & Bergfelder, Tim. The Concise CineGraph. Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009.
External links
1921 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
Films directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki
German black-and-white films
1920s German films
Idol 2016 is the twelfth season of the Swedish Idol series. This is the first year with a new jury consisting of Fredrik Kempe, Nikki Amini and Quincy Delight Jones III. Presenter of the show is as previous Pär Lernström. The show is broadcast on TV4.
Elimination chart
1 All four acts Liam, Charlie, Oskar and Rebecka were declared Safe and progressed to the Semi Final
References
Idol (Swedish TV series)
2016 in Swedish music
2016 Swedish television seasons
The Mountain of Israeli-Palestinian Friendship is a peak near the Bruce plateau in Antarctica. It was climbed and named in 2004 by an 8-member team consisting of four Israelis and four Palestinians.
Background and preparation
The expedition was arranged by the organization Breaking the Ice. The founder of this organization, Nathaniel Heskel, wanted to prove that Palestinians and Israelis could work together despite the troubles in Israel.
The members of the expedition practiced sailing in Tel Aviv, and trained in the French Alps, about two months prior to leaving for Antarctica.
Team members
Israeli team members
At the time of the expedition, Heskel Nathaniel was 40 years old, and was a property developer in Germany. They served in the Israel Defense Forces for 10 years.
At the time of the expedition, Doron Erel was 44 years old. One of Israel's top mountaineers, they were the first Israeli to climb Mount Everest in 1992. Later, Erel climbed the Seven Summits, the highest mountains of each of the seven continents. In 1990, they took a part in searching for survivors of an avalanche that killed 43 climbers at Lenin Peak. Erel served in the Sayeret Matkal, an elite commando unit of the Israeli army. Their parents were Holocaust survivors from Poland.
At the time of the expedition, Avihu Shoshani was a 44-year-old attorney and part of the right-wing political scene in Israel. They spent four years as an elite commando in the Israel Defense Forces.
At the time of the expedition, Yarden Fanta, a PhD candidate, was 33 years old. They trekked from Ethiopia via Sudan to Israel when they were an illiterate 14 years old. They spent the first 12 years of their life helping their family tend cows in a tiny Ethiopian village called Macha.
Palestinian team members
At the time of the expedition, Nasser Quos, a football coach, was 35 years old. They had spent three years in an Israeli prison for attacking Israeli troops with fire bombs during the First Intifada. Later they had worked as a bodyguard to the PLO Jerusalem representative Faisal Husseini.
At the time of the expedition, Suleiman al-Khatib was 32 years old. A member of the Fatah party, they had been imprisoned in Israeli prison for 10 years, since they were 14 years old, for carrying out actions against Israeli troops. While in prison they had studied Hebrew, English, literature and history.
At the time of the expedition, Ziad Darwish was a 53-year-old journalist. Their brother, a member of a radical Palestinian movement, was killed in an Israeli army raid in 1982. Their cousin was the famous Palestinian poet Mahmoud Darwish.
At the time of the expedition, 33-year-old Olfat Haider was the only Palestinian on the Israeli national volleyball team. They worked as a gymnastics teacher.
The expedition
The expedition departed from Puerto Williams in Chile on January 1, 2004, aboard the ocean-going yacht Pelagic Australis. The yacht navigated approximately 600 miles in the most hazardous oceans, including circling Cape Horn, passing through the Roaring Forties.
When they arrived in Antarctica, the team trekked for a week until they reached the foot of the mountain. In a high wind and low visibility, in terrain with many crevasses, they started their climb. Roped together in mixed groups of four, using crampons attached to their boots and ice axes in their hands, the Israelis and Palestinians took responsibility for each other's lives. Climbing over a glacier, they reached the summit at 4 p.m. on January 16, 2004.
At the summit, the three Muslim men knelt in prayer, turned towards Mecca. The Israelis opened champagne for everybody. Ziad Darwish was moved to tears. They said: "This moment is so beautiful, seeing Israelis and Palestinians doing this kind of thing together. Yet, it also makes me think of all the horrible things we're doing to one another back home." 13,000 kilometers from their homes in the Middle East the party made the summit statement, which all eight had previously agreed upon:
Days prior to reaching the summit, the groups debated heatedly regarding the wording of the statement they were to give when reaching the summit. Eventually the members agreed to reject any hint of violence in their joint statement.
In spite of bitter disagreements about everything concerning Middle East politics, the team members nonetheless bonded with one another, and helped each other's during sea sickness, bad weather, and low visibility.
References
Mountains of Antarctica
History of Antarctica
Israeli–Palestinian peace process
Acrocercops argyraspis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Meghalaya, India. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1908.
References
argyraspis
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1908
Kormakino () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 30 as of 2002.
Geography
Kormakino is located 14 km northeast of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Matveyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Handley Page Hinaidi was one of two twin-engine bombers built by Handley Page that served with the Royal Air Force between 1925 and 1935. The aircraft was developed from the Handley Page Hyderabad and named after Hinaidi, an RAF station in Iraq.
Design and development
In 1923, Handley Page designed and built a new heavy bomber based on its W.8 airliner, the Hyderabad. The Hyderabad was an all-wooden biplane powered by two Napier Lion engines. Forty-five were built, entering service from 1925.
The Hinaidi was an improved version of the Hyderabad built to meet Air Ministry Specification 13/29. The first machine, the HP33 Hinaidi I -in fact an early production Hyderabad, J7745, with another engine and a change of fin and rudder- first flew on 26 March 1927. At least four Hyderabads were converted to Hinaidi Is, while six late-production Hyderabads were completed as Hinaidi Is, retaining the wooden airframe of the Hyderabads. The first true Hinaidi, the HP36 Hinaidi II, went into production after major structural modifications were implemented, the structure being changed from wooden to metal.
A re-engined version with two 480 hp Siddeley Jaguars was proposed, the HP44 Hinaidi III, but not built.
Operational history
The first 33 aircraft came into service in 1929, and were issued to No. 99, No. 10 and No. 503 squadrons. Total production ended with 36 aircraft, with some being converted to transport aircraft on the North-West Frontier in India. The Clive II transport version operated out of Lahore.
Variants
HP.33 Hinaidi I
Wooden airframe. Three built, one prototype, J7745, as a conversion of a Hyderabad, two from new, with seven Hyderabads converted.
HP.33 Clive I
One of the Hinaidi I prototype, J9126, built using a W.10 fuselage as a transport design later converted to become Clive III though not entering service as such. Later as G-ABYX sold to Sir Alan Cobham with their air circus and named "Youth of Australia" and later renamed "Astra".
HP.35 Clive II
Two transport aircraft built, all-metal structure, J9948 and J9949.
HP.36 Hinaidi II
All-metal airframe. 34 built, prototype J9478 and production K1063-K1078 and K1909-K1925. Approximately 20+ aircraft were converted into Clive II transport aircraft configuration in the early 1930s.
Operators
Royal Air Force
No. 10 Squadron RAF
No. 99 Squadron RAF
No. 502 Squadron RAF
No. 503 Squadron RAF
Heavy Transport Flight RAF – Handley Page Clive
Specifications (Hinaidi Mk II)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Barnes, C. H. Handley Page Aircraft Since 1907. London: Putnam & Company, Ltd., 1987. .
Clayton, Donald C. Handley Page, an Aircraft Album. Shepperton, Surrey, UK: Ian Allan Ltd., 1969. .
Jarrett, Philip. "By Day and By Night: Hyderabads and Hinadis". Aeroplane Monthly, August 1993, Vol 21 No 8, Issue No 244. London: IPC. ISSN 0143-7240. pp. 18–24.
Mason, Francis K. The British Bomber Since 1914. London: Putnam Aeronautical Books, 1994. .
Thetford, Owen. Aircraft of the Royal Air Force 1918–57, 1st edition. London: Putnam, 1957.
Thetford, Owen. "By Day and By Night: Hyderabads and Hinadis". Aeroplane Monthly, September 1993, Vol 21 No 9, Issue No 245. London: IPC. ISSN 0143-7240. pp. 18–24
External links
Handley Page aircraft
Handley Page Hinaildi – British Aircraft Directory
Flight article of 1930 showing Clive transport
1920s British bomber aircraft
Hinaidi
Aircraft first flown in 1927
Biplanes
William Robinson Boothby (26 September 1829 – 12 July 1903) was Electoral Commissioner for South Australia, in charge of every parliamentary election from 1856 to 1903.
Boothby was the eldest son of South Australian Supreme Court Justice Benjamin Boothby. William was born at Nottingham, England, and emigrated to Australia with their parents during 1853
In 1854, they were appointed as Deputy-Sheriff and its electoral officer for the colony, and they were promoted to Sheriff during 1856
They prepared the clauses of the South Australian Act of 1856 that instituted voting by ballot and those of the Act of 1858 that provided for the placing of a cross against the name of the favoured candidate. They based their reform on ballots pre-printed with the candidates' names. In a manner similar to that still used widely today, the voter marked the form in secret and placed it in a sealed box. The ballots were collected and counted so that no one could be identified from their voting paper.
On 2 April 1856, South Australia enacted a law introducing the secret ballot, which had been adopted two weeks earlier in Victoria.
This was a significant change from the British practice, where elections were conducted "on the voices". Voters assembled at local election centres where they called out the name of their chosen candidate, and the choice was then entered on a register. That public process made the voter vulnerable to both bribery and intimidation, which caused wide concern.
Boothby's system was adopted for use in federal government elections in Australia. In the second half of the 19th century, the use of the secret ballot spread to the US and to Europe; in 1892, Grover Cleveland became the first US president elected by Boothby's system, universally referred to as 'the Australian ballot' for nearly a century.
In 1893, they were created CMG.
Boothby was the State Returning Officer for the first Australian House of Representatives election in 1901. The Federal seat of Boothby, established in 1903 in Adelaide, was named in their honour.
In their later years, they became Comptroller of Prison Labour and a senator of the University of Adelaide in South Australia.
They died in Adelaide.
See also
Benjamin Boothby, their father
Guy Boothby, their nephew
Sources
G. N. Hawker, 'Boothby, William Robinson (1829-1903)', Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 3, Melbourne University Press, 1969, pp 196–197.
Constitution Act 1856 (SA), National Archives of Australia
Castles, AC and Harris, MC, 'Lawmakers and Wayward Whigs', Wakefield Press, Adelaide, 1987.
Jaensch, Dean (ed.), 'The Flinders History of South Australia: Political History', Wakefield Press, Adelaide, 1986.
Keeley, Rod, 'The Secret Ballot', in Brian Crozer "If We're So Great, Why Aren't We Better? A Critical Look at Six Great South Australian Firsts", South Australia Old Parliament House Museum, Adelaide, 1986.
Further reading
1829 births
1903 deaths
History of South Australia
Australian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
English emigrants to Australia
19th-century Australian public servants
The Perry massacre was a racially motivated conflict in Perry, Florida, in December 1922. Whites killed four black men, including Charles Wright, who was lynched by being burned at the stake, and they also destroyed several buildings in the black community of Perry after the murder of Ruby Hendry, a white female schoolteacher.
Background
The body of a young white woman, Annie "Ruby" Hendry, was found with their throat slashed, lying in a pool of blood, at 4:40 p.m. on December 2, 1922, in Perry in Taylor County, Florida. Them face was badly disfigured from having been beaten with a blunt instrument, so it took half an hour to determine their identity. On December 5, the police had linked the murder weapons found at the scene, a double-barrelled shotgun and a bloody razor, to a black man who had been residing in the area and using the name "Charley Wright". They were determined to be an escaped convict from adjacent Dixie County. Search parties with guns and bloodhounds were everywhere. Each night after the body was found, buildings serving the black community in Perry were burnt down: schoolhouse, lodge, amusement hall, and then the church.
Authorities deputized local citizens and the roads were sealed. On December 6, Cubrit Dixon, a black man coming from Madison County into Taylor County, was stopped and told to put their hands up by armed citizens who had been deputized. Dixon was shot and killed when they did not comply, and witnesses said they had seemed to be reaching for a gun in their back pocket. Examination of their body found only a closed pocketknife in their back pocket.
On December 7, Albert Young, another black man, was arrested in Valdosta, Georgia. Young was an escaped convict from Kindlon, Georgia, and an acquaintance of Wright's. On December 8, Charley Wright was arrested in Madison County and identified by police as having used the name "Jim Stalworth". Wright was then reported to have confessed to murdering Ruby Hendry and Young was reported to have admitted to having been with Wright. However, it was also reported that Wright said Young had not participated in the murder.
On December 8, 1922, a crowd of 3,000 to 5,000 white men stopped the transportation of the prisoners and took them for a kangaroo court trial. Wright was determined by the mob to be guilty and burned to death. Young was returned to sheriff's custody and taken to the jail in Taylor County. On December 12, when Young was being moved from the jail, they were abducted and shot to death by a smaller mob.
The Madison–Enterprise newspaper reported on December 15, 1922, that a black man in Perry had been "accused of writing 'an improper note' to a white woman. As retribution for these actions, the man was shot to death in their home and their home was burned down on him."
Wright, a 21-year-old escaped convict, and Albert (or Arthur) Young, their alleged accomplice, were arrested and jailed for Hendry's murder. A mob several thousand strong, made up of local and out-of-state whites, seized the accused from the sheriff, and extracted a "confession" from Wright by torturing him. Wright claimed to have acted alone. They were subsequently burned at the stake and the crowd collected souvenirs of their body parts and clothing. Following this, two more black men were shot and hanged. Whites burned the town's black school, Masonic lodge, church, amusement hall, and several families' homes.
See also
1906 Atlanta race riot
Ocoee massacre
Rosewood massacre
Tulsa race massacre
List of incidents of civil unrest in the United States
Bibliography
Notes
References
1922 riots
Massacres in 1922
20th-century mass murder in the United States
Massacres in the United States
Crimes in Florida
Riots and civil disorder in Florida
History of racial segregation in the United States
History of racism in Florida
Lynching deaths in Florida
Mass murder in Florida
Mass murder in 1922
Racially motivated violence against African Americans
Taylor County, Florida
White American riots in the United States
1922 in Florida
December 1922 events
Arson in Florida
1922 murders in the United States
Buildings and structures in Taylor County, Florida
African-American history of Florida
Human trophy collecting
Anti-Masonry
Carl Allen Webster (born February 10, 1990) is an American former professional baseball pitcher who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox, Arizona Diamondbacks and Chicago Cubs. They have also played for the Samsung Lions of the KBO League.
Professional career
Los Angeles Dodgers
Webster was selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 18th round of the 2008 MLB Draft and began their career with the Gulf Coast Dodgers in 2008. In 2009, they played primarily with the Arizona League Dodgers and in 2010 was with the Great Lakes Loons where they were 12–9 with a 2.88 ERA in 26 appearances (23 starts) and stuck out 114 batters. In 2011, they started nine games for the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes and was 5–2 with a 2.33 ERA before a mid-season promotion to the AA Chattanooga Lookouts. In 2012, they made 22 starts for the Lookouts (and 5 relief appearances) with a 6–8 record and 3.55 ERA.
Boston Red Sox
On August 25, 2012, Webster was traded to the Boston Red Sox along with infielder Iván DeJesús, Jr., first baseman James Loney, and two players to be named later, in exchange for first baseman Adrián González, pitcher Josh Beckett, outfielder Carl Crawford, infielder Nick Punto, and $11 million. Eventually, pitcher Rubby De La Rosa and OF/1B Jerry Sands were the two players to complete the trade.
Entering 2013, Webster was ranked as the fourth-best prospect in the Red Sox minor league system and ranked 71st in the MLB.com Top 100 Prospects list. The Red Sox added them to their 40-man roster and assigned them to the AAA Pawtucket Red Sox to start the season.
The Red Sox called them up to the Majors for the first time on April 21, 2013 to start the second game of a doubleheader. Webster was optioned the next day. Webster was recalled May 7 after reliever Joel Hanrahan went on the disabled list. Webster was optioned back to Pawtucket on May 9, and recalled on June 22. During their time in the Majors of the 2013 season, Webster made 8 appearances (7 starts) going 1–2 with an 8.60 ERA.
Arizona Diamondbacks
On December 12, 2014, the Red Sox traded Webster, Rubby De La Rosa, and Raymel Flores to the Arizona Diamondbacks in exchange for Wade Miley. The 2015 season proved to be a difficult one for Webster. They were reported to have had shoulder fatigue in April. After struggling to the tune of an 8.18 ERA in AAA, Webster was called up to Arizona and made 5 starts while also appearing out of the bullpen four times. The Diamondbacks designated Webster for assignment after the season.
Samsung Lions
On November 25, 2015, Webster was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates in exchange for cash considerations. They were released by the Pirates on December 16 and shortly afterwards signed a one-year contract with the Samsung Lions of the Korea Baseball Organization. They managed to start 12 games for the Lions, pitching to a 5.70 ERA.
Texas Rangers
On November 17, 2016, the Texas Rangers signed Webster to a minor league deal. They elected free agency on November 6, 2017.
Chicago Cubs
On March 2, 2018, Webster signed a minor league contract with the Chicago Cubs. Across three levels in Chicago's minor league system, Webster pitched to a 2.65 ERA in 17 games, and was called up to the Major Leagues on September 19 pitching in three games. They were non-tendered and became a free agent on November 30, 2018. On December 19, they re-signed to a minor league deal with the Cubs.
With the Cubs struggling at the start of the 2019 season Webster was called up to the majors to bolster the bullpen. In their first relief appearance for the Cubs on April 6, the first batter they faced, Milwaukee's Ryan Braun, hit a three-run homer. On May 11, Webster was put on the 10-day disabled list and later moved to the 60-day list. On July 3, they began rehabilitation assignments with the Cubs' rookie league team continuing on July 9th with the Tennessee Smokies (AA). They became a free agent following the 2019 season.
Washington Nationals
On March 9, 2020, Webster signed a minor league deal with the Washington Nationals. They were assigned to the Nationals' Double-A affiliate, the Harrisburg Senators. The Senators' 2020 schedule was canceled, along with that of every other Minor League Baseball team because of the COVID-19 pandemic, and Webster was released on May 31, 2020.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Greensboro, North Carolina
Baseball players from North Carolina
American expatriate baseball players in South Korea
Major League Baseball pitchers
Boston Red Sox players
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Samsung Lions players
Chicago Cubs players
Gulf Coast Dodgers players
Arizona League Dodgers players
Ogden Raptors players
Great Lakes Loons players
Rancho Cucamonga Quakes players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Leones del Escogido players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Portland Sea Dogs players
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Reno Aces players
Round Rock Express players
Arizona League Cubs players
Tennessee Smokies players
Iowa Cubs players
Christian buildings are the only religious buildings on the continent of Antarctica. Although they are used mostly for Christian worship, the Chapel of the Snows has also been used for Buddhist and Baháʼí Faith ceremonies. Some of the early religious buildings are now protected as important historical monuments.
Beginnings
The first clergyman of any denomination to set foot on Antarctica was Arnold Spencer-Smith (1883–1916), an Anglican priest who was chaplain and photographer for the Ross Sea Party of Shackleton's Imperial Trans Antarctic Expedition. Spencer-Smith set up a chapel in Ponting's darkroom in Scott's Hut at Cape Evans. They arranged an altar with cross and candlesticks and an aumbry where they reserved the Blessed Sacrament; they made a lamp to hang by the aumbry to indicate the real presence. In their diary, Spencer-Smith records when they celebrated Eucharist and how many were present. They also record when they heard confession on the continent. Spencer-Smith was the first clergyman to land in Antarctica, the first to celebrate the Eucharist and the first to die and be buried there.
A cross on Wind Vane Hill, Cape Evans, was erected by the Ross Sea Party, led by Captain Aeneas Mackintosh, of Sir Ernest Shackleton's Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition of 1914–1917, in memory of three members of the party who died in the vicinity in 1916. The cross has been designated a Historic Site or Monument (HSM 17), following a proposal by New Zealand and the United Kingdom to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting.
The first Roman Catholic service in Antarctica was performed in 1947 by William Menster (1913–2007), Lieutenant Commander of the United States Navy during Operation Highjump. During a Catholic service held in a tent set up on land, they consecrated Antarctica. Ministering to approximately 2,000 men from a variety of Christian denominations gave them experience in leading ecumenical services.
Although they are used mostly for Christian worship, the Chapel of the Snows has also been used for Buddhist and Baháʼí Faith ceremonies. Some of the buildings are among historically important sites and under protection, such as the Chilean Captain Arturo Prat Base's wooden cross and a Statue of Our Lady of the Carmel.
History (including the subantarctic islands)
Around 1900, whaling stations and expedition camps were erected in the larger area. After World War II, some military expeditions explored the region. The International Geophysical Year (1957–1958) marked the end of a long period during the Cold War when scientific interchange between East and West had been seriously interrupted and has since contributed to civil scientific exploration. Since the 1950s, most stations in Antarctica have been constructed exclusively for scientific research. Extended stays in the region can be an extremely stressful experience for the researchers who often have been separated from their families for months at a time. Jesuits, which have had a long tradition of geophysical research in Antarctica, contributed as well to the early Antarctic missions. Notable Jesuit seismicity scholars like Edward A. Bradley (compare Bradley Nunatak), Henry F. Birkenhauer (compare Birkenhauer Island) and J. Joseph Lynch and Daniel J. Linehan have been among those.
The first churches south of the Antarctic Convergence and north of 60° S latitude (and thus not part of the Antarctic Treaty System) are Notre-Dame des Vents at Port-aux-Français on the main island of Kerguelen and the Norwegian Lutheran Church, a former Lutheran chapel in Grytviken, South Georgia (since 1913). After years of abandonment and weathering the harsh elements of the region (roof damaged in 1994), the Grytviken church was renovated by the keepers of South Georgia Museum and volunteers in 1996–1998 and now serves for occasional church services and marriage ceremonies.
Some churches north of the Antarctic Convergence serve Antarctic territories, such as the Christ Church Cathedral in Stanley, which is the southernmost Anglican cathedral in the world. It serves as the parish church not only for the Falkland Islands, but also South Georgia and the British Antarctic Territory. Punta Arenas in the southern tip of the South American mainland (just north of Tierra del Fuego) also has a Roman Catholic cathedral, which serves the Chilean Antarctic Territory.
Christians have increasingly turned toward Internet communications for fellowship in the 21st century.
Notable buildings
Out of nearly 90 stations in Antarctica, half are only used in summer months. Most research stations have a small meeting room dual-purposed for religious assemblies. Larger stations and communities use a separate room, often a makeshift steel container for religious purposes.
The Chapel of the Snows was erected in 1956 as a Christian chapel used by several denominations, at McMurdo Station, Ross Island. The Chapel offers various Protestant and Catholic services, but also allows for meetings of other religions, such as Latter-day Saints, Baháʼís and Buddhists and is used as well for secular groups (e.g. Alcoholics Anonymous). The chapel had been rebuilt after a fire in 1978 and was reconsecrated in 1989.
Catholic sites
The majority of Catholic Antarctic sites exist due to the Argentine and Chilean presence on the Continent. The Worldwide Antarctic Program proposes building a Catholic chapel at Mario Zucchelli Station, Terra Nova Bay, Antarctica; while the first Catholic chapel (named after Saint Francis of Assisi) was built in 1976 at the Argentine Esperanza Base. The southernmost Christian chapel (in fact, the southernmost place of worship of any religion) lies at the Argentine Belgrano II Base at Coats Land. It is a permanent Catholic chapel made entirely of ice.
Further dedicated religious buildings are the Chapel of Santisima Virgen de Lujan, Antarctica, a Catholic chapel at Marambio Base, Seymour Island, San Francisco de Asis Chapel, a Catholic chapel at Esperanza Base, Antarctic Peninsula and Santa Maria Reina de la Paz Church, a Catholic church at the Villa Las Estrellas, South Shetland Islands. Santa María Reina de la Paz is a repurposed container allowing for 36 persons to convene.
There is a small Catholic shrine near McMurdo Station called "Our Lady of the Snows". Popularly known as "Roll Cage Mary", the shrine was dedicated to a United States Navy Seabee who was killed during the construction of the station. It has been maintained by Carmelite nuns in New Zealand.
Eastern Orthodox Christian revival
Religious activities were halted during the Soviet Antarctic Expedition. However, this changed with the fall of the Soviet Union and Communism within Central and Eastern Europe.
The St. Ivan Rilski Chapel, a Bulgarian Orthodox chapel at St. Kliment Ohridski Base, South Shetland Islands was built in 2003 and is the first Eastern Orthodox edifice in Antarctica, and was the southernmost Eastern Orthodox building of worship in the world till 2011 when St Volodymyr (Vladimir the Great) Chapel at Ukrainian Vernadsky Research Base was erected.
The Buromskiy Island cemetery belongs among the most important monuments in the region. A Russian Orthodox cross has been erected in the meanwhile to mark the site. The island holds a cemetery for about 60 citizens of the Soviet Union, Czechoslovakia, the German Democratic Republic and Switzerland who died in the performance of their duties while serving as members of Soviet and Russian Antarctic expeditions. It has been designated a Historic Site or Monument (HSM 9) following a proposal by Russia to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting.
In 2002 Patriarch Alexy II of Moscow asked for a "Temple for Antarctica" (Храм Антарктиде) and initiated the Trinity Church, Antarctica, a Russian Orthodox church at Bellingshausen Station, South Shetland Islands. The Church is being positioned as a widely visible landmark and is maintained by the Moscow Patriarch. It was first maintained by a single priest. In the meanwhile two priests maintain the services, which are being exchanged annually. They both contribute to the maintenance of the overall station. 29 January 2007, saw the first church wedding on Antarctica, between a Chilean and Russian. The first baptism (for adults) also took place there.
Islam
While the Pakistani program at Jinnah Antarctic Station brought Muslims to Antarctica in 1991, there are no mosques on the continent or on any of the outlying islands, as the best ways of observing Islamic religious customs there are still being determined.
It would also be impossible to fast for the Holy Month of Ramadan for an entire solar day during the summer in the Southern Hemisphere, so alternatives to this problem have been proposed by multiple sources.
Hinduism
The bases of India, namely Maitri, Dakshin Gangotri and Bharati, have brought Hindus and other Indian religious people to Antarctica.
See also
Jewish law in the polar regions
References
External links
Theodore Balina (/Teodor Balina) was an Ottoman Bulgarian nobleman and leader in the Sanjak of Nicopolis who led the First Tarnovo Uprising against the Ottoman Empire in 1598.
Life
To them the local merchant from Ragusa Pavel Đorđević writes:
Except Theodore, the uprising was organized by religious leaders, as well as public figures and merchants. These included the Archbishop of Tarnovo Dionysus Rali, Pavle Đorđević and the Sorkočević brothers, with the bishops Theophanes of Lovech, Jeremiah of Rousse, Spyridon of Shumen and Methodius of Thrace and other high-ranking religious figures also taking part in the organization.
The invasion of Wallachian forces under Michael the Brave in the northern Bulgarian lands in the autumn of 1598 provided good conditions for the uprising, as the fellow Christian army would support the insurrection according to the plan. At the time the Ottomans were engaged in the Long War with the Habsburg monarchy. One descendant (may be Theodore Balina) of the medieval Shishman dynasty was proclaimed Tsar of Bulgaria (as Shishman III) and Tarnovo was briefly liberated, with about 12,000 people gathering.
As a consequence, about 16,000 Bulgarians fled centrally-governed Ottoman territory and crossed the Danube to settle in autonomous neighbouring Wallachia, where they established a Bulgarian community. The leader of Uprising emigrated to Russia.
References
People from Veliko Tarnovo
Bulgarian revolutionaries
17th-century Bulgarian people
Rebels of the Ottoman Empire
People from Nikopol, Bulgaria
16th-century Bulgarian people
Myrcia crassa is a species of plant in the family Myrtaceae. It is endemic to the municipality of Santa Teresa, Espírito Santo, Brazil, where its habitat is fragmented and declining due to deforestation. The tree was first described in 2010 and grows to between 1.5 and 18 metres tall.
References
crassa
Crops originating from the Americas
Crops originating from Brazil
Tropical fruit
Endemic flora of Brazil
Fruits originating in South America
Fruit trees
Berries
Plants described in 2010
Tigawa is a village in Indian state of Madhya Pradesh and an archaeological site with a complex of about 36 Hindu temple ruins. Of these, the small but important and ancient Kankali Devi Temple is in good condition, and is usually dated to about 400-425 CE. Unless another building is mentioned, references to "the temple" below refer to this.
Also referred to as Tigowa or Tigwan, the site is about north of Bahuriband between Katni and Jabalpur. The Hindu temple ruins were badly damaged during a colonial era railway project when a contractor demolished and excavated the ruins as building material for the railway project.
Of the monuments, the Kankali Devi Temple is most notable and is a Gupta period temple. It is one of the oldest surviving Hindu temples, illustrating the formative stages of Hindu temple architecture and the essential elements found in the north Indian style through the modern era. It has a sanctum and an open portico supported on four pillars. The sides of the portico were filled in with walls containing panels at a later period. The sanctuary is, and always was, covered with a flat roof, and is generally very similar to the Gupta period Temple 17 at Sanchi.
Despite its name, the temple was probably dedicated to Vishnu, with other elements added later. An image of them as Narasimha is placed inside the sanctum. The portico has an image of the Sheshashai Vishnu (Narayana) and another one of Chamunda (Kankali Devi). Projecting from the front of the portico is a later relief of a seated Vishnu in the yoga asana position with a serpent hood above the head.
Location
The Tigawa temples site is in the eponymous village Tigawa, also called Tigwan, in the Katni district and north of the town of Bahuriband. It is about west of Katni, north of Jabalpur, east of Bhopal and east of Sanchi and Udayagiri Gupta era monuments. The site is located on a plateau near the Kaimur range of hills, with belts of rocks, where ancient Indians used the local geology to build numerous small dams to harvest rainwater into water reservoirs that locals call jhils. These reservoirs extend from Bahuriband to the north of Tigawa. The local tradition is that there was in the distant past a large city in that location, which would explain the numerous mounds found in their region and when excavated, these mounds have yielded broken pottery and bricks. Alexander Cunningham speculated in 1879 that the Bahuriband (also Bahulaband, about south of Tigawa) may have been the city that Ptolemy transliterated as Tholabana.
The name Tigawa (Tigowa, Tigoan, Tigwan) may be derived from "Tri-gawa" or "three villages", referring to the neighboring villages of Amgowa and Deori. Local tradition believes that it once had a fort and it was part of a major town named Jhanjhangarh, a suburb of ancient Bahuriband.
History
The Tigawa site is a relatively small site consisting of a mound measuring about with a length of about . The entire space was covered with over 36 temples of different sizes, the smallest one just built from square cut stones. All these small temples are gone, including some larger standing ones. The square cut stones of these temples were deemed a ready quarry for a railroad project by a late 19th-century railway contractor. They demolished and hauled away about 200 carts of the temple stones. The local villagers submitted a petition to the British official in Jabalpur about 70 kilometers away, to stop the desecration. The official issued a halt order in the 1870s, thus helped preserve the remnants of the site. One stone temple that was too big for the railway project remained untouched, which locals call the Kankali Devi temple and further scholarship identified it to be one of the oldest Hindu temples of the Gupta era. An upset Alexander Cunningham wrote, "to the railway contractor the finest temple is only a heap of ready squared stones", and "the temple of Jerusalem, a ready quarry is to him, and it is nothing more".
Date
The Tigawa temple is generally dated to the early 5th century, though some scholars have dated it to other periods. After comparing it to the hundreds of Buddhist, Hindu and Jain monuments they had seen during their tours, Cunningham argued based on stylistic grounds, iconography, and architecture, that the "original [Tigawa] temple undoubtedly belongs to the Gupta period, and cannot, therefore, be later than the fifth century A.D.; but it is more probably as old as the third century".
In 1957, Mate narrowed the estimate for the Tigawa temple to fourth or fifth century, along with those for Udaigiri and Sanchi. Percy Brown, in 1959, estimated that the Udaigiri is older, adding that the Sanchi and Tigawa temples were probably completed between 400 and 450 CE. Later scholarship has largely placed the Tigawa temple in the early 5th century, or 400-425 CE range. George Michell calls it "late 5th century".
Description
The Tigawa site had more than 36 temples, some with sculptures and mandapas. All of these before their destruction, reported Cunningham in 1879, were Brahmanical temples with no sign of any Buddhist or Jain motifs or art. The smallest temples in the range of 4x4 to 6x6 square feet were walled on three sides. Temples bigger than these, but smaller than 12x12 square feet, had a fourth wall with entrance doorways with two pilasters. Those even bigger had a mandapa in front with four pillars. All temples, small or large, had a spire with amalaka on top, confirmed by the remnant ruins. Of these, one named Kankali Devi temple is notable, states George Michell - an art historian and a professor specializing in Hindu architecture, because "of the free-standing temples erected during the period of Gupta rule, only those of Sanchi and Tigawa have been completely preserved" and these two "define clearly the essential architectural scheme of the north Indian temple". The Tigawa temple is emblematic illustration of the formative stages of Hindu sacred architecture.
Kankali Devi temple: Vaishnavism tradition
The Kankali Devi temple has a square sanctum with a side outside and side inside. The sanctum does not open exactly to the east, but deviates by about 13 degrees, which Cunningham speculated may be intentional and related to "one nakshatra" (lunar house, Hindu calendar).
The temple has an open portico supported on four pillars that projects in front of the sanctum. Both the pillared porch and the sanctum are on a raised plinth, its roof made from horizontal slabs of stone. The pillars of the mandapa are massive, shaped into three symmetric cross-sections: a long square sectioned part close to the ground, above it an octagonal and sixteen-edged. Above This is a circular part capped with pot and foliage capitals. On top of the pillars are sculptures of two crouching lions with a tree separating them. The pillars are identical in all respects except the tree: one pillar has a mango tree, another a palm, while the other two trees unclear. The portico was partially walled later, according to Percy Brown.
The temple door jambs are intricately carved, in vertical bands that are concentric around the entrance. On top left of the entrance wall is river goddess Ganga holding a water vessel and riding their crocodile vahana, while the top right has river goddess Yamuna also holding a water vessel while riding their tortoise vahana. Goddess Ganga is plucking a fruit from custard-apple tree, while Yamuna is plucking one from a mango tree.
The Kankali Devi Temple has reliefs showing Vishnu and generally considered to have been dedicated to Vishnu of Vaishnavism. An image of Narasimha, the man-lion avatar of Vishnu, is placed inside the sanctum. The portico has an image of the Sheshashai Vishnu (Narayana). Another shows Varaha, the man-boar avatar of Vishnu.
In front of the temple is a seated Gautam buddha image in yoga asana position ( Vitark Mudra ) with serpent hood above the head, similar to seated Tirthankaras . The temple also reverentially displays Shaktism and Shaivism themes, including a Chamunda (Kankali Devi) panel which gives the temple its name. On the wall opposite to Kankali Devi is Kali Devi (fierce form of Durga). Cunningham proposed that these Shaiva and Vaishnava reliefs were probably added around the 8th century.
The Kankali Devi temple is similar to the Gupta period Temple #17 at Sanchi, with both illustrating the basic elements of Hindu sacred architecture. The temple style is also similar to the Hindu cave temples of Udayagiri and the Eran temple, both of which can be dated to be from the Gupta era because of the inscriptions found there.
A 7th or 8th-century CE Sanskrit inscription mentions the visit of a Umadeva of Kanyakubja, son of Samanya Bhatta, who had come to worship at the temple of Sitabhadra. There are also two inscriptions in Sankha Lipi.
Significance
The Tigawa temple has been one of the Gupta era temples, along with those at Udayagiri, Sanchi, Eran (Airikina), Nachna, Besnagar, Bhumara, Bhitargaon and others, which together helped identify characteristic markers of ancient Hindu temples and to chronologically place Hindu architecture. These were proposed by Cunningham and refined over time. According to a Cunningham proposal, the pre-6th century freestanding and structural Hindu temples were likely closer in appearance to temples made from wood and brick or in caves. The artists would have been inclined to reproduce the older architectural elements, style and designs with new materials of construction such as cut stone, masonry or monolithic rocks. The key markers for ancient Hindu temples, suggested Cunningham, include a square sanctum with a flat roof or simpler spire, an elaborately decorated doorway into the sanctum with parallel vertical bands of carvings, presence of river goddesses Ganga and Yamuna flanking the bottom or top of the sanctum's entrance or the main temple, the use of bosses on capitals similar to those found in Buddhist stupas, and the presence of pillars with massive square capitals. According to Cunningham, another indicator of an ancient Hindu monument is that the temple is not exactly aligned to the east but displaced by between 5 and 15 degrees from a cardinal direction or aligned in other direction, which may have happened to match certain luni-solar calendar calculations or because the standardization of the direction happened a bit later. Kramrisch cautions, however, that these guidelines are neither rigid nor imply a sequentially ordered development with abandonment of the style, because a few of these features such as flat or simple superstructure is found in temples dated between the 5th and 10th centuries.
The Kankali Devi temple is also significant for being almost identical in its architecture to Temple 17 at Sanchi. The Sanchi shrine too is dated to the early 5th century. Given the Kankali Devi temple at Tigawa is at a Hindu site while Sanchi shrine is in a Buddhist site, states George Michell, this demonstrates that there were close links between Hindu and Buddhist architecture in the 5th century.
Nearby site
A Jain temple with a high state of Tirthankara Shantinath is in Bahuriband with a generally well preserved Kalchuri period inscription dated between 1022-1047 CE.
See also
Hindu temple architecture
Aihole – a site with over 100 Hindu, Jain and Buddhist monuments, some about 5th-century
Badami cave temples – 6th century Hindu and Jain cave temples and arts
Bhumara
Dashavatara Temple, Deogarh
Gop Temple
Nachna Hindu temples
Pattadakal – a site with highly developed 7th and 8th century Hindu, Jain temples and arts
Notes
References
Bibliography
Dehejia, V. (1997). Indian Art. Phaidon: London. .
Vishnu temples
5th-century Hindu temples
Temples in Madhya Pradesh
Hindu temples in Madhya Pradesh
Gupta art
Katni district
Kate Chopin House may refer to:
Kate Chopin House (Cloutierville, Louisiana), a U.S. National Historic Landmark and listed on the NRHP in Natchitoches County
Kate Chopin House (St. Louis, Missouri), NRHP-listed
Karl Siegling is the owner and manager of Cadence Asset Management Pty Ltd, a private Australian company that manages funds for Cadence Capital Limited. They hold a Bachelor of Commerce and a law degree from the University of Melbourne as well as an MBA from INSEAD.
Cadence Asset Management
Cadence Asset Management is a private company founded and owned by Karl Siegling. It manages two ASX listed funds:
Cadence Capital Limited: a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the code CDM (ASX:CDM);
Cadence Opportunities Fund Limited: a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the code CDO (ASX:CDM)
References
http://www.undertheradarreport.com.au/investor-profiles/karl-siegling
https://www.investordaily.com.au/investor-weekly/head-to-head/34053-head-to-head-karl-siegling-managing-director-and-chief-investment-officer-at-cadence-capital-limited
http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/wealth/the-numbers-stack-up-seiglings-highconviction-fund-returns-18pc/news-story/6715dd23929425f9e7f5428dcf7d35db
https://www.reuters.com/finance/stocks/companyOfficers?symbol=CDM.AX
External links
Cadence Capital Limited web site
Australian investors
INSEAD alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The huge moth family Noctuidae contains the following genera:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera genus database
Noctuid genera
Madison County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 15,717. The county seat is Huntsville. The county was formed on September 30, 1836, and named for Madison County, Alabama, the home of some early settlers. They also named the county seat after Madison County in Alabama's county seat, Huntsville.
Madison County is part of the Northwest Arkansas region.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Carroll County (north)
Newton County (east)
Johnson County (southeast)
Franklin County (south)
Crawford County (southwest)
Washington County (west)
Benton County (northwest)
National protected area
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 16,521 people, 6,279 households, and 4,318 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 14,243 people, 5,463 households, and 4,080 families residing in the county. The population density was 7/km2 (17/mi2). There were 6,537 housing units at an average density of 3/km2 (8/mi2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.94% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 1.22% Native American, 0.06% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 1.47% from other races, and 1.10% from two or more races. 3.06% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,463 households, out of which 33.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.00% were married couples living together, 7.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.30% were non-families. 22.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.80% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 27.00% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 14.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,895, and the median income for a family was $32,910. Males had a median income of $24,911 versus $18,786 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,736. About 14.70% of families and 18.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.60% of those under age 18 and 18.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
During the Secession Convention of 1861, Arkansas voted to leave the Union and join the Confederate States of America. When Chairman David Walker called for a second vote seeking a unanimous decision, only Madison County representative Isaac Murphy refused to change their vote. Murphy would later be appointed Governor of Arkansas during Reconstruction under Abraham Lincoln's conciliatory policy.
Madison County is strongly Republican, and voted for the Republican candidate several times even when Arkansas was part of the "Solid South".
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Highway 412
Highway 12
Highway 16
Highway 21
Highway 23
Highway 45
Highway 74
Airport
The Huntsville Municipal Airport is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Huntsville.
Communities
City
Huntsville (county seat)
Towns
Hindsville
St. Paul
Unincorporated communities
Delaney
Kingston
Marble
Clifty
Forum
Weathers
Witter
Japton
Combs
Pettigrew
Wesley
Aurora
Townships
Notable residents
Orval E. Faubus (1910–1994), governor of Arkansas during the desegregation days, was from the Combs community near Huntsville.  They are buried in Combs Cemetery.
Ronnie Hawkins, rockabilly singer. Their backing band, The Hawks, later played with Bob Dylan and eventually became The Band.
Danny L. Patrick, Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from Madison and Carroll counties from 1967 to 1970.
John Selman, outlaw and lawman, best known for killing John Wesley Hardin in 1895, was born in Madison County.
Charles Whorton Jr., Democrat Member of the Arkansas House of Representatives 1991 to1998, Madison County Judge 1973 to 1988, Madison County Clerk 1955 to 1972
See also
List of lakes in Madison County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Madison County, Arkansas
References
External links
Madison County Map (U. S. Census Bureau)
Official Site
Northwest Arkansas
1836 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1836
Falling Into Place is the third solo studio album by New Zealand rapper David Dallas. The album was released through Dawn Raid Entertainment, Dirty Records and Duck Down Music Inc. on 18 October 2013. The album debuted at #2 on the New Zealand albums chart.
Singles
The first track released off Falling Into Place was "My Mentality", featuring American rapper Freddie Gibbs, released in August 2013. The first official single was "Runnin, released on August 27, 2013. It peaked at #7 in the New Zealand singles chart and was certified Platinum on January 10, 2014 by Recorded Music NZ. The second single released was "The Wire", featuring Ruby Frost, which peaked at #11 in the New Zealand singles chart and was certified Gold on Feb 7th 2014 by Recorded Music NZ.
Track listing
Chart performance
Release history
References
2013 albums
David Dallas albums
Duck Down Music albums
The Sanctuary of Our Lady of Polsi, also known as the Sanctuary of Santa Maria di Polsi or Our Lady of the Mountain, is a Christian sanctuary in the heart of the Aspromonte mountains, near San Luca in Calabria, southern Italy. It was founded by Roger II of Sicily in 1144. The church and monastery are situated in a spectacular setting at the bottom of a gorge at an altitude of 865 metres surrounded by high mountains on the east side of the Montalto (1955 metres) the highest peak of the Aspromonte. The sanctuary is difficult to reach. Until some years ago Polsi could only reach by foot.
Convent and church
The sanctuary is a Basilian convent – one of the few which have survived in Calabria. The church has three naves; the central nave has the classic honeycomb ceiling decorated with solid gold leaf. The arches, resting on solid pillars, have been magnificently stuccoed by local craftsmen, while the scenes painted around the walls describe the life and miracles of the Virgin Mary.
The original statue of the Madonna was carved in tufa by a Sicilian artist in the 16th century and is coloured, with staring black and white eyes which follow the viewer. The second statue of the Madonna of the Mountains is kept in a niche in white marble. Every year, on September 2, their feast day, the statue is carried in procession by a great number of people. Every fifty years a very special event takes place at Polsi: the crowning of the statue of the Madonna on the main altar. The golden crowns were first placed on the heads of the Madonna and Child in 1860, when the father superior, Domenico Fera, to celebrate the threehundredth anniversary of the arrival of the statue in the Sanctuary in 1560.
Cult and pilgrimage
The origins of the cult at Polsi go back to well before the Medieval era, archaeologists today believe. They have found pinakes or votive clay artefacts manufactured in pre-Roman times by settlers from the nearby Hellenic colony of Locri, that indicate the existence of a female fertility cult associated with Persephone. After Christianity was introduced to Italy, Basilian monks founded a hermitage in the 7th century celebrating Greek rites in honour of the Madonna until the Roman Catholic Church expelled them and imposed the Latin rite in the late 15th century.
The pilgrimage to Polsi has ancient origins and is still very important. Worshipers from all over Calabria and Eastern Sicily come to honour the Madonna, a token of faith to pay at least once in one's lifetime. This holds not only for the believer. Some who come to Polsi feel as if they have set out beyond a “new frontier”. Worshipers come from June to November, but the numbers increase between 30 August and 2 September to over 50.000. It has been venerated by the people of Aspromonte and it has also been an important site to migrants from Calabria and Messina.
Many elements date back to pagan rites from the ancient Magna Græcia culture, the bases of which are still evident in the soul and language of Calabria – older people in the villages around the sanctuary still speak Griko. Until not very long ago, when the statue of Our Lady was taken out in procession grain and flowers used to be thrown around it and this is considered one of the many pagan residues of the old cult of Demetra and Persephone, a symbol of the link between human fertility and that of the earth. The atmosphere is influenced by the primordial sacrifice of goats, whose meat is then cooked. The whole event is accompanied by wild performances of the tarantella, a local dance, which represent an ancient and universal way of honouring the divine being. Therefore, pilgrims go to Polsi to pray, thank, ask for graces to be granted, but also to feel free, live the illusion, be together, dance, sing and eat goat.
During these last years church authorities have required several substantial changes in the religious practices and traditional devotions, in an attempt to level and normalize all manifestations of popular belief.
Cultural event
Beside a religious event the festival in Polsi is an important cultural event for local music and dance. Before the road to Polsi was constructed, people would walk for hours or even days. During the pilgrimage people would dance along stretches of the road. Women in particular might make the vow to dance along the route if they wanted to ask for a favour or to give thanks. According to the Calabrian writer Corrado Alvaro in their book ‘Calabria' in 1931: “Girls thus dance along the entire route, and will be dancing night and day for the hours that they have specified in their vow, until they will collapse on the ground or need to lean on a wall while their feet are still moving.”
The festival of Polsi had nothing of the sadness of others where the sick and deformed met in search of pity and help. It was a more great religious bacchanal, a Dionysian feast, to which people flocked as to a giant picnic in the mountains, ate, perhaps prayed a little and especially where one danced, according to Francesco Perri in their book ‘Enough of Dreams' from 1929. “Caravans came down from every point in the valley. The people sang and uttered short, loud cries of ‘Viva Maria' and continually fired their guns. Among the crowds around the sanctuary and in the nearby wood the shooting was incessant …. And over all that multiple discordant din that boomed like the surf of the sea rose a mingled music of pipes, harmonicas, violins, guitars and Basque tambourines.”
Those who attended the festival remained by the sanctuary for a few days. People had to camp in the valley. The contemporary festival is very different. The long walk has almost disappeared and nobody dances on the way. People now drive to the sanctuary, mainly by truck – and the journey is accompanied by the sound of religious chants played by portable amplifiers. Most people now prefer to go back home after they have reached the church and completed their thanksgiving prayers – most attend the festival only on the day of the procession.
'Ndrangheta sanctuary
The chiefs of the Calabrian criminal consortium, the 'Ndrangheta, have held annual meetings, called crimini, at the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Polsi. Already in 1903, the Carabinieri captain Giuseppe Petella reported meetings between several criminal societies at the shrine.
According to the pentito Cesare Polifroni – a former member turned state witness – at these meetings, every boss “must give account of all the activities carried out during the year and of all the most important facts taking place in their territory such as kidnappings, homicides, etc.” The capo crimine, who is elected every year, is in charge of convening these meetings, but, far from being “the boss of the bosses”, actually has comparatively little authority to interfere in family feuds or to control the level of inter-family violence.
In 1969 the police raided a meeting, the so-called Montalto summit, near the Sanctuary and captured more than 70 'ndranghetisti, while others managed to escape. The importance of the meeting for the unity of the whole 'Ndrangheta was underestimated for a long time. Bosses from outside Calabria, from as far as Canada and Australia, regularly attend the fall meetings at the Sanctuary of Polsi, an indication that the 'ndrine around the world perceive themselves as being part of the same collective entity.
In 2007, fewer people attended the religious festival due to fears and tensions resulting from the San Luca feud between two rival 'Ndrangheta clans from San Luca.
References
Additional sources
Gratteri, Nicola & Antonio Nicaso (2006). Fratelli di sangue, Cosenza: Pellegrini Editore,
Magrini, Tullia (2005). Music and Gender: Perspectives from the Mediterranean, Chicago: University of Chicago Press
Paoli, Letizia (2003). Mafia Brotherhoods: Organized Crime, Italian Style, New York: Oxford University Press (Review by Klaus Von Lampe) (Review by Alexandra V. Orlova)
Peebles, Robert Whitney (1978). Leonard Covello: A Study of an Immigrant's Contribution to New York, New York: Ayer Publishing
Territorial abbeys
Buildings and structures in the Province of Reggio Calabria
Shrines to the Virgin Mary
History of the 'Ndrangheta
1144 establishments in Europe
12th-century establishments in Italy
Churches in the province of Reggio Calabria
Roman Catholic shrines in Italy
Kowloon Station () is one of the 20 constituencies in the Yau Tsim Mong District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Yau Tsim Mong District Council, with an election every four years.
Kowloon Station loosely covers the private flats surrounding the Kowloon MTR station, including Sorrento, The Arch, The Cullinan, The Harbourside and The Waterfront. It has projected population of 17,591.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
West Kowloon
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Yau Tsim Mong District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
The Duchess of Argyll is typically the wife of the Duke of Argyll, an extant title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom created in 1892. The Duke is also Duke of Argyll in the Peerage of Scotland, which was originally created in the 1701.
The family seat is Inveraray Castle near Inveraray in the county of Argyll, in western Scotland.
Duchesses of Argyll
Peerage of Scotland (1701)
Elizabeth Tollemache (1659–1735), wife of the 1st Duke
Mary Brown (died 1717), 1st wife of the 2nd Duke
Jane Warburton (died 1767), 2nd wife of the 2nd Duke
Anne Whitfield, wife of the 3rd Duke
Mary Drummond Ker, wife of the 4th Duke
Elizabeth Gunning (1733–1790), wife of the 5th Duke
Lady Caroline Villiers (1774–1835), wife of the 6th Duke
Anne Cunninghame (died 1874), 3rd wife of the 7th Duke
Lady Elizabeth Leveson-Gower (1824–1878), 1st wife of the 8th Duke
Amelia Claughton (1843-1894), 2nd wife of the 8th Duke
Ina McNeill (1843-1925), 3rd wife of the 8th Duke
Princess Louise (1848–1939), wife of the 9th Duke
Louise Vanneck (1904–1970), 2nd wife of the 11th Duke
Margaret Whigham (1912–1993), 3rd wife of the 11th Duke
Mathilda Mortimer (1925–1997), 4th wife of the 11th Duke
Iona Colquhoun (born 1945), wife of the 12th Duke
Eleanor Cadbury (born 1973), wife of the 13th Duke
Peerage of the United Kingdom (1892)
Ina McNeill (1843-1925), 3rd wife of the 8th Duke
Princess Louise (1848–1939), wife of the 9th Duke
Louise Vanneck (1904–1970), 2nd wife of the 11th Duke
Margaret Whigham (1912–1993), 3rd wife of the 11th Duke
Mathilda Mortimer (1925–1997), 4th wife of the 11th Duke
Iona Colquhoun (born 1945), wife of the 12th Duke
Eleanor Cadbury (born 1973), wife of the 13th Duke
References
Zuoying () is a metro and railway station in Kaohsiung, Taiwan served by Kaohsiung MRT, Taiwan High Speed Rail, and Taiwan Railways, where it is known as Xinzuoying (). The station is served by the fastest HSR express services of the 1 series.
Overview
The station is located at the eastern foot of Mt. Panping (also known as Mt. Banping) in Kaohsiung, next to the South East Cement factory buildings. In addition to rail routes, the station is also close to National Highway No. 1, 3, 10 and Provincial Highway No. 1 and 17.
On 15 October 2009, Shin Kong Mitsukoshi won a deal to lease a building at the station and turn it into a shopping complex under a 10-year operate-transfer (OT) contract for NT$505 million (US$15.6 million). The new branch opened at the north-east corner of station on 1 April 2010. In June 2009, a folding bike rental station was set up at the MRT station to facilitate tourism in the city. The station is also equipped with vehicle and motorcycle parking lots.
Structure
The TRA and THSR parts are located in the above ground portion of the station, constructed together and opened for revenue service in January 2007 with the commencement of THSR service. As the current terminus of the line, the THSR part of the station has three island platforms serving six tracks. The TRA part of the station has two platforms serving four tracks, with one additional through track.
The KMRT portion of the station is a two-level station located underground, at the northeastern part of the TRA/THSR station building. The station has two exits and opened for revenue service in March 2008. Dedicated exits between the KMRT station area to the TRA platforms allow direct transfer between TRA and KMRT trains. The KMRT part of the station has an island platform serving two tracks of the KMRT Red line.
HSR services
HSR services 1xx, (1)2xx, (1)3xx, (1)5xx, (1)6xx, and (8)8xx call at this station.
Nearby
Confucius Temple of Kaohsiung
Lotus Pond, Kaohsiung
See also
List of railway stations in Taiwan
References
External links
THSR Zuoying Station
TRA Xinzuoying Station
Taiwan Railways Administration
KRTC Zuoying (THSR) Station
2006 establishments in Taiwan
Railway stations served by Taiwan High Speed Rail
Kaohsiung Metro Red line stations
Railway stations served by Taiwan Railways Administration
Railway stations in Kaohsiung
Railway stations opened in 2006
Cloacina elegans is a species of parasitic nematodes in the family Chabertiidae. Members of the species are parasites of marsupials in Australia.
References
External links
Cloacina elegans at gbif.org
Strongylida
Nematodes described in 1938
Invertebrates of Australia
Parasitic nematodes of mammals
Parasites of marsupials
Marsupials of Australia
This is a list of singles that have peaked in the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 during 1986.
All #1 singles that had all top ten weeks in 1986 had either only six or seven weeks in the top ten. Janet Jackson scored four top ten hits during the year with "What Have You Done for Me Lately", "Nasty", "When I Think of You", and "Control", the most among all other artists.
Top-ten singles
1985 peaks
1987 peaks
References
General sources
Joel Whitburn Presents the Billboard Hot 100 Charts: The Eighties ()
Additional information obtained can be verified within Billboard's online archive services and print editions of the magazine.
See also
1986 in music
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 1986 (U.S.)
Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1986
1986
United States Hot 100 Top 10
The Sports Parade (a.k.a. “The Sport Parade”) was a short film series of Warner Bros. that was regularly shown before the main studio feature, along with another Warner-Vitaphone short, Joe McDoakes comedy and/or Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons. The average running time of each film was between nine and eleven minutes.
Overview
Virtually all of these were filmed in Technicolor. (A few early ones used Cinecolor as it gradually replaced the Vitaphone Color Parade on Warner's short subject program.) This gave them an advantage over rival series like Paramount Sportlights with Grantland Rice, Columbia World of Sports, RKO Sportscopes, Universal Variety Views and MGM Pete Smith “Football Thrills”, which used color sparingly for special entries. Warner's most prolific competitor in Technicolor live-action shorts, 20th Century-Fox, produced only 20 out of 100+ Movietone Sports Reviews from the late thirties through early fifties in color. In the era before television, it was considered more economical to shoot in black and white like the newsreels.
Although Warner Bros. separated this series from its less sports-oriented series Technicolor Adventure (film series) during the later 1940s, many post-war Sports Parades resembled high quality color travelogues of the period, showcasing a variety of recreational pursuits in the Caribbean, South America, Europe, Egypt, India and Australia. André de la Varre supervised many of the best international productions, while Edwin E. Olsen and ski expert Dick Durrance were particularly skilled at using hand-held cameras for up-front action shots. Howard Hill specialized in archery and Van Campen Heilner handled many fishing and camping reels for both Warner and studio rival RKO. Despite lacking high profile sports news commentators, key radio veterans like Art Gilmore and Marvin Miller put a lot of energy and enthusiasm into their narration.
The series won three Academy Awards and was nominated three other times. Despite being phased out in 1956, they were successfully reissued throughout the sixties since many of the topics had a timeless appeal and were always popular at the box office.
List of titles
Below is a listing of titles by year of release, listed by title / major credits / release date / notes of interest. Only a few have made DVD release.
1940
1941
1942
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949
1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
See also
List of short subjects by Hollywood studio#Warner Brothers
Travelogue (films)
References
Liebman, Roy Vitaphone Films – A Catalogue of the Features and Shorts 2003 McFarland & Company
Motion Pictures 1912-1939 Catalog of Copyright Entries 1951 Library of Congress
Motion Pictures 1940-1949 Catalog of Copyright Entries 1953 Library of Congress
Motion Pictures 1950-1959 Catalog of Copyright Entries 1960 Library of Congress
BoxOffice back issue scans
Warner Bros. short films
Documentary film series
Information Sources in Law is a book.
First Edition
The first edition was edited by R G Logan and published by Butterworths in 1986. It is part of the series which was then known as Butterworths Guides to Information Sources. It consists of twenty-three chapters attributed to twenty contributors. The subject-matter of these chapters ranges from the general to the specialized. A book on legal research describes Information Sources in Law as being "not as useful for present purposes" as the title promises. Information Sources in Law is "detailed" and its contributors are "leading experts".
Second Edition
The second edition was edited by Jules Winterton and Elizabeth M Moys and published by Bowker-Saur in 1997. The series of which it was part was now known as Guides to Information Sources. It is "completely revised". It focuses on Europe, and deals with more than thirty of its jurisdictions.
References
Logan, R G (editor). Information Sources in Law. Butterworths. London. 1986. .
Winterton, Jules; Moys, Elizabeth M (editors). Information Sources in Law. Second Edition. Bowker-Saur. 1997. . Preview from Google Books. De Gruyter.
Munday, Roderick. "Book Reviews" (1986) 45 Cambridge Law Journal 357 - 358. JSTOR.
"Information Sources in Law, editor: R G Logan". The Law Society Gazette. 10 September 1986. Digitised copy
Tickle, Teresa. "Reference Books of 1997 - 1998: A Selection" (Autumn 1999) Slavic Review. Vol 58, No 3. Pages 723 - 724. JSTOR.
(1998) 29 The Law Librarian 124 (Google Books)
Peter Clinch. Legal Information: What it is and Where to Find it. Second Edition. Aslib. 2005. . Google Books.
Law books
Toon van Welsenes (7 October 1903 – 2 July 1974) was a Dutch athlete. They competed in the men's long jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
1903 births
1974 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Dutch male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Place of birth missing
Veritas () is a manhwa written by Yoon Joon-shik (윤준식) and illustrated by Kim Dong-hoon (김동훈). Its first chapter was released in 2005, and it was produced until 2010. The story is of a middle-schooler named Gangryong Ma, who is saved one day by a remarkably strong man, Lightning Tiger, who becomes their master, and teaches them a martial art known as the Enlightenment Of Thunder and Lightning (or EOTL), thereby introducing them to a world of power that will change their lives forever.
Plot
Gangryong Ma was the boss of their middle school, getting in fistfights almost every day. They thought that winning those fistfights was what it meant to be strong. That all ended when they met Lightning Tiger, a man whose power dwarfed that of any man Gangryong had ever met before. After arguing, begging, and jumping through hoops for a year to prove their loyalty, Gangryong convinced Lightning Tiger to be their master.
For two months, Lightning Tiger taught Gangryong the secret of ki manipulation by way of the Enlightenment Of Thunder and Lightning (EOTL), a traditional Korean martial art passed on through the centuries to one student at a time. By properly refining and focusing their Ki, Gangryong learned not only to increase their overall physical strength, but they gained the ability to create devastatingly powerful lightning attacks. When the two months were up, Lightning Tiger left Gangryong, warning them of an inevitable battle against a strong enemy and hoping that they might one day see each other.
Months later, Gangryong was approached by an ominous group of men. They were presented with a box, and was told that it contained the arm of Lightning Tiger, whom they had supposedly killed. These men were from Reunion, a multinational organization whose main goals were the collection, evolution and eventual perfection of traditional martial arts and the creation of artificial ki, or natural energy, which could be used to make people more powerful. They forced Gangryong to enter a special school designed to train suitable fighters in the fighting styles that had been collected and created by Reunion.
Now, within Reunion, Gangryong finds themselves a flash-point for controversy. As student of a sworn enemy of Reunion, there are many who want them dead. As the sole practitioner of EOTL, there are many who desire to see their success, so that they may use their techniques. All the while, Gangryong must work to uncover the secrets in the training they were given, so that they may achieve the power they seek, and finally avenge the presumed deceased Lightning Tiger.
References
Manhwa titles
2005 comics debuts
Alțâna railway station was a station on the Agnita railway line in Alțâna, Sibiu County Romania. The station still exists along with the track which has been protected.
History
The station was built by the Hungarian State Railways in 1910 who operated it until 1919 when Transylvania became part of Romania. After a decline in usage across the whole line and subsequent curtailing of the route in the 1960s and 1990s the station closed in 2001.
Future
Plans exist to reopen part of the line after it was protected in 2008. The local group Asociația Prietenii Mocăniței has taken on the task of restoring the route which has already restored a section of the line.
References
Defunct railway stations in Romania
Former Agnita railway line stations
Railway stations opened in 1910
Railway stations closed in 2001
1910 establishments in Austria-Hungary
2001 disestablishments in Romania
Richard Lupino (29 October 1929 – 9 February 2005 ) was an American film, stage and television actor, of British parentage, part of the theatrical Lupino family.
They were born in Hollywood to British actor Wallace Lupino and their wife Rose. They worked as a medic in Korea with the rank of corporal. [6]
They trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, where they graduated on July 1, 1945.
They were married to Pandora Bronson Lupino.
They appeared in a handful of films between 1940 and 1973, making their debut at the age of ten as Just William in the film of the same name (1940). They were also active on the stage, in regional theater, on Broadway, in London, in Sydney, Australia, and appeared frequently on US television from the 1950s to the 1970s.
They were a founding member of the Charles Laughton Shakespeare Group. [6] In 2002, their play, The Evening Shift, was performed off-off-Broadway, and was later optioned for film. [6] They wrote several television scripts with their cousin, the actor and director Ida Lupino.
Death
They died of complications from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in 2005, aged 75. [6]
Filmography
References
External links
1929 births
2005 deaths
American male film actors
American male television actors
Deaths from cancer in New York (state)
Deaths from lymphoma
American people of British descent
Male actors from Greater Los Angeles
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
20th-century American male actors
Tommy Purcell (1921–1949) was an Irish sportsperson. They played hurling with their local club Moycarkey-Borris and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team in the 1940s. Purcell won a set of All-Ireland and Munster winners' medals at senior level with Tipperary in 1945.
1921 births
1949 deaths
Tipperary inter-county hurlers
Moycarkey-Borris hurlers
Munster inter-provincial hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Columbus Airport (formerly Columbus Metropolitan Airport) is four miles northeast of Columbus, in Muscogee County, Georgia, United States. Serving Georgia's second largest city, it is Georgia's fourth busiest airport.
FAA records say the airport had 51,288 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 48,526 in 2009 and 63,726 in 2010. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a primary commercial service airport (more than 10,000 enplanements per year).
Eastern Airlines flights began about 1944, Delta arrived in 1947 and Southern in 1949; Eastern and Southern pulled out in 1979 and Delta's last mainline flights were in 1995–96.
In 1968 Southern was allowed to start nonstop DC-9s Columbus to Dulles International Airport outside of Washington, D.C., three a day, all continuing to LaGuardia Airport in New York City. The flights continued (two to four a day) until 1979.
Facilities
The airport covers 680 acres (275 ha) at an elevation of 397 feet (121 m). It has two asphalt runways: 6/24 is 6,997 by 150 feet (2,133 x 46 m) and 13/31 is 3,997 by 150 feet (1,218 x 46 m).
In 2011 the airport had 23,658 aircraft operations, average 64 per day: 80% general aviation, 16% air taxi, 2% airline, and 2% military. 133 aircraft were then based at the airport: 79% single-engine, 14% multi-engine, 6% jet, and 1% helicopter.
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
Destination statistics
Incidents
On August 17, 1984, after stopping to refuel on a flight from Tennessee to Florida, a Mooney M20 crashed shortly after takeoff. There were four fatalities.
On July 19, 2009, at around 6:15 pm, a Rutan VariEze crashed shortly after takeoff. The pilot was the sole occupant and was killed.
References
External links
Columbus Airport, official website
Aerial image as of February 1999 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Georgia (U.S. state)
Transportation in Columbus, Georgia
Buildings and structures in Columbus, Georgia
Joyous Gard (French Joyeuse Garde and other variants) is a castle featured in the Matter of Britain literature of the legend of King Arthur. It was introduced in the 13th-century French Prose Lancelot as the home and formidable fortress of the hero Lancelot after their conquest of it from the forces of evil. Le Morte d'Arthur identified it with Bamburgh Castle.
Legend
As told in the Vulgate Cycle's Lancelot en prose and the works based on it, the Joyous Gard is given its name by the young Lancelot (who had just discovered their own identity) when they set up their household at the castle. They do it after single-handedly capturing it against all odds and ending its evil enchantment during the task to prove their knighthood to King Arthur (even rescuing Arthur's illegitimate son in the process). Up until then, it had been known as Dolorous Gard (French Douloureuse Garde and other variants), belonging to the Saxon-allied king Brandin of the Isles; the various motifs and perceived symbolism of the Dolorous Gard episode were subjects of several analyses by modern scholars. In the prose stories of Tristan and Iseult, the pair later lives in the castle with Lancelot's permission as refugees from King Mark of Cornwall.
Following Lancelot's adulterous and treasonous affair with Arthur's wife Queen Guinevere, Lancelot rescues Guinevere, who is under sentence of death from Arthur, and brings them to the Joyous Gard. In the Stanzaic Morte Arthur and elsewhere, Arthur and Gawain unsuccessfully besiege the castle. Eventually, Lancelot abandons their castle and goes to an exile in today's France. After their death, Lancelot's body is taken to the Joyous Gard for burial. In the French prose cycles, they are laid to rest next to the grave of their dear friend Galehaut (in the version from the Post-Vulgate Mort Artu, their remnants are later dug up and destroyed by King Mark).
Suggested locations
In their Le Morte d'Arthur, the late-medieval English writer Thomas Malory identified the Joyous Gard with Bamburgh Castle, a coastal castle in Northumberland that was built on former location of a Celtic Briton fort known as Din Guarie. Before writing their work, Malory personally participated in the Yorkist siege of the castle during the War of the Roses. They also proposed the nearby Alnwick Castle. Joyous Gard is further associated with Château de Joyeuse Garde, an early medieval castle site in Brittany where the continental Arthurian tradition began.
See also
Castle of Gioiosa Guardia, a 13th-century Sardinian castle named after the legend
References
External links
Doloreuse Chartre and La Joyous Garde at Nightbringer.se
" Of Joyous Gard", a 19th-century poem
Fictional elements introduced in the 13th century
Fictional fortifications
Locations associated with Arthurian legend
Fictional buildings and structures originating in literature
The Kaiser–Meyer–Olkin (KMO) test is a statistical measure to determine how suited data is for factor analysis. The test measures sampling adequacy for each variable in the model and the complete model. The statistic is a measure of the proportion of variance among variables that might be common variance. The higher the proportion, the higher the KMO-value, the more suited the data is to factor analysis.
History
Henry Kaiser introduced a Measure of Sampling Adequacy (MSA) of factor analytic data matrices in 1970. Kaiser and Rice then modified it in 1974.
Measure of sampling adequacy
The measure of sampling adequacy is calculated for each indicator as
and indicates to what extent an indicator is suitable for a factor analysis.
Kaiser–Meyer–Olkin criterion
The Kaiser–Meyer–Olkin criterion is calculated and returns values between 0 and 1.
Here is the correlation between the variable in question and another, and is the partial correlation.
This is a function of the squared elements of the `image' matrix compared to the squares of the original correlations. The overall MSA as well as estimates for each item are found. The index is known as the Kaiser–Meyer–Olkin (KMO) index.
Interpretation of result
In flamboyant fashion, Kaiser proposed that a KMO > 0.9 was marvelous, in the 0.80s, meritorious, in the 0.70s, middling, in the 0.60s, mediocre, in the 0.50s, miserable, and less than 0.5 would be unacceptable. In general, KMO values between 0.8 and 1 indicate the sampling is adequate. KMO values less than 0.6 indicate the sampling is not adequate and that remedial action should be taken. In contrast, others set this cutoff value at 0.5. A KMO value close to zero means that there are large partial correlations compared to the sum of correlations. In other words, there are widespread correlations which would be a large problem for factor analysis.
An alternative measure of whether a matrix is factorable is the Bartlett test, which tests the degree that the matrix deviates from an identity matrix.
Example in R
If the following is run in R with the library(REdaS)
set.seed(5L)
five.samples <- data.frame("A"=rnorm(100), "B"=rnorm(100), "C"=rnorm(100),
"D"=rnorm(100), "E"=rnorm(100))
cor(five.samples)
KMOS(five.samples, use = "pairwise.complete.obs")
The following is produced.
Kaiser–Meyer–Olkin Statistics
Call: KMOS(x = five.samples, use = "pairwise.complete.obs")
Measures of Sampling Adequacy (MSA):
A B C D E
0.5173978 0.5563367 0.5240787 0.4796702 0.5416592
KMO-Criterion: 0.5269849
This shows that the data is not that suited to Factor Analysis.
See also
Box's M test
Levene's test
Bartlett's test
References
Analysis of variance
Statistical tests
Chestfield and Swalecliffe railway station is on the branch of the Chatham Main Line in England, serving the villages of Chestfield, Swalecliffe and the Eastern region of the town of Whitstable, Kent. It is down the line from and is situated between and .
The station and all trains that serve the station are operated by Southeastern.
It was originally opened as "Swalecliffe Halt" on 6 July 1930 by Southern Railway. It was later renamed "Chestfield & Swalecliffe Halt", shortened to "Chestfield" in 1987 and reverted to "Chestfield and Swalecliffe" in 1989. Although the railway station itself actually lies in the village of Swalecliffe, nearby Chestfield is substantially the bigger village.
There are waiting shelters and an Upside booking office, which is open for a few hours each morning; the platforms are built of rails and sleepers. The "down" ticket office was burnt down by vandals in 1989.
Services
All services at Chestfield & Swalecliffe are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to
1 tph to
Additional services including trains to and from and London Cannon Street call at the station in the peak hours. The station is also served by a small number of High Speed services to London St Pancras International.
References
External links
City of Canterbury
Railway stations in Kent
Former Southern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1930
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Comic Court (1945–1973) was a most versatile post-war Australian bred Thoroughbred racehorse who set race records at distances of 6 furlongs (1,200 metres) and 2 miles (3,200 metres). They won the 1950 Melbourne Cup carrying and set an Australasian record of 3 minutes 19½ seconds.
Breeding
They were bred by the Bowyer brothers at their Beau Neire Stud, Normanville, South Australia. Comic Court was by Powerscourt (won Ascot Vale Stakes and sire of 12 stakes-winners for 51 stakes-wins), their dam, Witty Maid was by Anton King.
Powerscourt and Witty Maid were both sold by Jim M. Cummings for total of £150 during World War II, when racing was cancelled in Adelaide. Witty Maid was a handy race-mare and was an outstanding broodmare that produced five siblings to Comic Court. Them stakes-winners were:
Comedy Prince (1944, top sprinter, won 20 races including, Cantala Stakes, STC Railway Quality Handicap, Adelaide RC Adelaide Guineas, South Australia JC SA Stakes, SAJC Sires' Produce Stakes, AJC The Shorts, William Reid Stakes);
Gay Comedy (1948, won 10 races including SAJC Oaks, SAJC St. Leger Stakes, SAJC Auraria Stakes), and
St. Comedy (1946, won 22 races including ARC Adelaide Guineas, SAJC Goodwood Handicap, Moonee Valley Stakes, Ascot Vale (2yo) Stakes, VATC Debutant Stakes, PARC John Lewis Stakes, Adelaide RC Fulham Park Plate)
1951 racebook
Racing record
They were trained by Jim M. Cummings and their son, Bart Cummings, was Comic Court's strapper.
Two-year-old: 1947-1948
Comic Court had eight starts for five wins including the Adelaide RC Fulham Park Plate, PARC Sires' Produce Stakes and VRC Ascot Vale (2yo) Stakes plus three second places. Their first start was in the Fulham Park Plate after which Comic Court was sold for 2,300 guineas to R. A., J.D. and A.J. Lee before winning four more starts as a 2yo.
Three-year-old: 1948-1949
Comic Court had 16 starts for 5 wins including the VRC Derby, Memsie Stakes, VRC St Leger Stakes plus 2 second places.
Four-year-old: 1949-1950
Comic Court had 14 starts for 8 wins including the Memsie Stakes, VRC Craiglee Stakes, VRC Turnbull Stakes, LKS Mackinnon Stakes, VATC St George Stakes, VRC Ercildoune Stakes and MVRC Alister Clark Stakes. They also ran second in the W.S. Cox Plate, William Reid Stakes and CF Orr Stakes as well as running third in the Caulfield Cup.
Five-year-old: 1950-1951
Comic Court had 16 starts for 10 stakes wins including the VATC Caulfield Stakes, VATC Memsie Stakes, L.K.S Mackinnon Stakes, Melbourne Cup, VRC Turnbull Stakes, AJC Chipping Norton Stakes, MRC CF Orr Stakes, MVRC William Reid Stakes, VATC St George Stakes and VRC Ercildoune Stakes. Additionally they ran second in another three stakes races and was third twice including the Sydney Cup. They won the 1950 Melbourne Cup carrying by three lengths, with the third placegetter a further length away and they set an Australasian record time of 3 minutes 19½ seconds.
Stud record
Comic Court was retired to stud in 1951 at E.A. Underwood's Warlaby Stud.
Their progeny included:
Asian Court, won Werribee Cup
Comicquita, second in the 1962 Melbourne Cup.
Droll Prince, won VRC Cantala Stakes and Williamstown Cup
Gurney, won MRC International Stakes
Harcourt, won Tatt's SA Tattersall's Cup
Comic Court was inducted into the Australian Racing Hall of Fame in 2009.
References
External links
Comic Court's pedigree and partial racing stats
1945 racehorse births
1973 racehorse deaths
Australian Racing Hall of Fame horses
Melbourne Cup winners
Victoria Derby winners
Racehorses bred in Australia
Racehorses trained in Australia
Thoroughbred family 1-b
Jaczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Jaczew
The state and war flag of San Marino is formed by two equal horizontal bands of white (top) and light blue with the national coat of arms superimposed in the center; the coat of arms has a shield (featuring three towers on three peaks) with a closed crown on top, flanked by an oak and laurel wreath, with a scroll below bearing the word LIBERTAS (Liberty). The two colors of the flag represent peace (white) and liberty (light blue).
Although the Law on the flag and coat of arms of San Marino from 2011 refers only to the "official flag" of the republic, a de facto civil flag, which omits the coat of arms, can sometimes be seen flying. Some official sources of San Marino suggest that the civil flag is actually the bicolor with the coat of arms of the specific city it is used in, instead of the national one.
The national ensign of San Marino is identical to the state flag.
San Marino's municipalities all have flags that are very similar to San Marino's national flag. These flags all contain a shield-like emblem on the horizontal white and blue bicolor. Closest to the hoist of these flags is the name of the municipality written vertically.
History
The oldest attested flag of the republic dates back from 4 September 1465, when it was commissioned from a manufacturer in Florence, allegedly composed of a tricolour of gold, white and "alessandrino" (thought to be purple, recently re-interpreted as a shade of azure).
In 1797, most likely influenced by the wave of reforms in France, the Supreme Council of the Republic commissioned a white and blue cockade, which, coincidentally or not, was identical to the one used by the French revolutionaries.
The decree of 6 April 1862 standardized the coat of arms, but does not mention the flag.
Proportions and colors
The official proportion of the flag is 3:4, the coat of arms' width being of the flag's length. While the arms are horizontally centered, their vertical position on the flag is defined by the location of the center of the cross on top of the crown: at of the flag's length. The proportion of the coat of arms is 5:6.
A 2:3 proportion can be used internationally and/or when specifically requested. In this case, the coat of arms' width is of the flag's length, and the center of the cross on the top of the crown will be at of the flag's height below the upper edge.
The colors of the flag are officially prescribed as follows:
Municipalities
All municipalities each have their own flag.
See also
Coat of arms of San Marino
The Three Towers of San Marino
References
External links
Law on the flag and coat of arms of San Marino
1862 introductions
Flag
National flags
1862 establishments in San Marino
San Marino
San Marino
The Church of St Nicholas (, tsarkva „Sveti Nikola“) is a partially preserved medieval Eastern Orthodox church in the town of Melnik in Blagoevgrad Province, southwestern Bulgaria. Dating to the late 12th century, it stands on top of an ancient Thracian sanctuary and a 5th-century basilica. In the Middle Ages, the church served as the cathedral of Melnik's bishop. The interior of the church features frescoes of rarely depicted scenes, as well as a 13th-century inscription. Its bell tower used to house one of the oldest extant church bells in Europe, discovered by archaeologists in the 2000s.
History
The Church of St Nicholas lies on top of the eponymous hill of Sveti Nikola ("Saint Nicholas") just south of the town of Melnik. The church occupies a location which hosted other sacred buildings in Antiquity. A Thracian sanctuary devoted to the goddess Bendis, the Thracian variant of Artemis, stood at the place before a Christian basilica was built in the 5th century. However, the older church did not survive for long, as it was ruined by the end of the 6th century.
The Church of St Nicholas is generally dated to the late 12th century, a time when Melnik was ruled by both Byzantium and the Second Bulgarian Empire. There is a single opinion which links the building of the church with the rule of Prince Boris I of Bulgaria (r. 852–889) and the period shortly after the Christianization of Bulgaria, though the evidence for this is not accepted by most scholars. A second stage of construction followed in the first half of the 13th century, when the Church of St Nicholas was elevated to the seat of a bishop. In order for the church to better fulfil that purpose, a fence and additional buildings were constructed around it to form a compound.
The church served as the town's cathedral until the construction of the similarly named Church of St Nicholas the Wonderworker in the 18th century. Although the medieval Church of St Nicholas was in use as late as the 19th century as a monastery church, it is only partially preserved today, with all but the eastern part entirely in ruins. After the Balkan Wars (1912–1913), Melnik was deserted by much of its population and the lack of maintenance resulted in the church's rapid structural decay.
Architecture, decoration and epigraphy
The Church of St Nicholas was constructed out of interchanging rows of stones and brickwork, and measures . Architecturally, it is a three-naved basilica church; the naves were formed by two rows of columns which ran along the length of the cella (or naos). It has three entrances, all from the west, and three apses in the easternmost part. The side apses are smaller than the one in the middle, which features an elaborate three-part window and additional decoration. The narthex and the four-stepped adobe synthronon (stone benches for the clergy) were added during the second period of construction in the 13th century. The synthronon fits inside the middle apse and includes a throne with railings in the middle.
The church had an adjacent bell tower, which was a separate rectangular structure that lay to the southwest of the church. Its walls were long and around
thick. Architects Vasilka Gerasimova–Tomova and Violeta Pesheva believe that it reached in height and that it was built in the 1210s under Bulgarian despot Alexius Slav (fl. 1208–1228), a largely independent medieval ruler of Melnik and the Rhodope Mountains.
A bronze church bell with a relief Medieval Greek text, considered by Bulgarian researchers to be among the oldest extant church bells in Europe, was unearthed in Melnik in the 2000s. The inscription prompted the researchers to associate the bell with the Church of St Nicholas. It reads: "Copper-smelted church bell, a gift by Alexius, who is the pious Slav, to Saint Nicholas of Myra". The text is thought to reference Alexius Slav, thus it is dated to their rule and the construction of the bell tower. A very similar bell, also found in Melnik, bears an inscription which mentions Byzantine Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos (r. 1259–1282) and the year 1270 specifically. However, this second bell may not have belonged to the Church of St Nicholas, but rather to another church in Melnik.
The church's frescoes were painted in the 12th–13th century by three artists. The surviving murals include rare depictions of the ordination of Apostle James the Greater for bishop of Jerusalem by the Church Fathers and the vision of Peter of Alexandria. The life of church patron Saint Nicholas is also painted on the walls of the church. The frescoes also feature portraits of Antipas of Pergamum, Anthimus of Nicomedia, Gregory of Nyssa and Procopius of Scythopolis. Some of the murals have been stripped from the walls and sent to the National Archaeological Museum in Sofia, though others remain in place.
A 13th-century Greek-language inscription was discovered on the interior walls of the Church of St Nicholas. In translation, it reads: "Prayer of God's slave sebastos Vladimir, brother of a single womb of the sebastos of the Franks" or "... of sebastos Frank", the former considered more likely. The epigraph is linked with the rule of Alexius Slav over Melnik and provides an insight into the organization and makeup of Alexius Slav's court.
References
Churches in Bulgaria
Buildings and structures in Blagoevgrad Province
12th-century Eastern Orthodox church buildings
Medieval Bulgarian Orthodox church buildings
Churches in medieval Macedonia
Tourist attractions in Blagoevgrad Province
Ruins in Bulgaria
The Internet is an American band from Los Angeles, California. It consists of vocalist Syd, keyboardist Matt Martians, bassist Patrick Paige II, drummer Christopher Smith, and guitarist Steve Lacy.
Their music is a blend of R&B, hip hop, jazz, funk, and electronic dance music. They have released four studio albums and three extended plays since their formation in late 2011. The band's 2015 album Ego Death was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Urban Contemporary Album.
History
The Internet was formed in early 2011 by Odd Future members Syd and Matt Martians, along with touring members Patrick Paige, Christopher Smith, and Tay Walker. The band's name originally started out as a joke, inspired by Left Brain's answer to a reporter asking where they were from, to which they responded, "I hate when people ask me that, I'm going to start saying I'm from the Internet". The idea amused Syd, and inspired the name for their side project that eventually became The Internet.
Their debut album Purple Naked Ladies was released on December 20, 2011. It was the first physical album to be released through Odd Future Records. Two songs from the album, "Cocaine" and "Fastlane", had music videos to accompany their release. The Internet has a song included on the Odd Future album The OF Tape Vol. 2, called "Ya know".
The band released their second album Feel Good in September 2013, and received praise from fans and critics. The first single from the album, "Give It Time", was released through Odd Future's official SoundCloud. On June 10, 2013, The band backed Mac Miller in London in promotion of their second album Watching Movies with the Sound Off.
Their third album Ego Death was released by Odd Future & Columbia on June 30, 2015 to widespread acclaim. Matt Martians on NPR said about the album's title: "A lot of people that we know [are] just having their egos checked in many ways. Some people losing their jobs when, last year, they were at the top of the mountain; certain people's careers going in different directions that they didn't anticipate. And just kind of two words that you want people to think about these days, because we do have a lot of people who, on the Internet — whether it's Instagram, Twitter — it's a lot of egos that are really based on nothing backing it up."
Following the release of Ego Death, the band's members each focused on releasing individual solo projects. 2017 saw the release of Matt Martians' The Drum Chord Theory, Syd's Fin, Steve Lacy's Demo, Patrick Paige II's Letters of Irrelevance and Christopher A. Smith's Loud, as a part of the duo C&T.
In December 2017, Steve Lacy told DJ Matt Wilkinson of Beats 1 that the follow-up to Ego Death was "95%" finished. They added: "I feel like this is on a higher echelon than Ego Death. I love Ego Death, that was a great record, but I know this one is a step up."
In April 2018, Patrick Paige II announced their debut album Letters of Irrelevance. Later that month, the band released the single "Roll (Burbank Funk)", in promotion of their fourth studio album, Hive Mind. The track features joint lead vocals by Steve Lacy and Syd. The next month the band announced their fourth album, Hive Mind, which released on July 20, 2018. In October 2018, The Internet was the opening act at all but one show for Gorillaz on their North American leg of The Now Now Tour, which concluded with the Demon Dayz Festival. Their performance at the Scotiabank Arena on October 8, 2019 was their first ever performance in a stadium venue.
Discography
Studio albums
EPs
Singles
Other appearances
Members
Contributions refer to members' live roles. On studio recordings, each member plays a variety of instruments.
Sydney Bennett – vocals
Steve Lacy – guitar, vocals
Matthew Martin – keyboards, vocals
Patrick Paige II – bass guitar
Christopher Smith – drums
Past members
Tay Walker – keyboards
Jameel Bruner – keyboards
Awards and nominations
Soul Train Awards
Grammy Awards
References
Musical groups established in 2011
American musical duos
Hip hop duos
Hip hop groups from California
American contemporary R&B musical groups
American soul musical groups
Trip hop groups
Musical groups from Los Angeles
African-American musical groups
Feminist musicians
Columbia Records artists
2011 establishments in California
Parliamentary elections were held in Madagascar on 28 August 1983, having originally been scheduled for 1982, but delayed by the presidential election and the "economic difficulties facing the country". Only parties affiliated with the AREMA-dominated National Front for the Defense of the Revolution were allowed to compete in the election. AREMA was the only party to field candidates in all 137 constituencies, and won 117 of them with over 65% of the vote.
Voter turnout was 72.75% .
Results
References
Elections in Madagascar
1983 in Madagascar
Madagascar
August 1983 events in Africa
Wang Zhiming is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in F40 classification throwing events.
Wang represented China at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, entering the shot put, javelin throw and discus throw events. They won all three events in their classification and broke the world record with their final throw, recording a distance of 47.95 metres.
Notes
Paralympic athletes of China
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for China
Living people
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Chinese male discus throwers
Chinese male javelin throwers
Chinese male shot putters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Escape from the Shadow Garden is the 18th studio album from the rock group Magnum (including Keeping the Nite Light Burning and ignoring Evolution). Escape From the Shadow Garden was released on 19 March 2014 in Scandinavia, 21 March in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, 24 March in the rest of Europe, and 1 April in the USA and Canada. As with On the 13th Day the band were hosts to their fans at a record launch party held at the Robin 2 in Bilston on 25 March 2014, the day after the UK release.
The album entered the charts at number 14 in the German Albums Chart, 19 in the Swedish Albums Chart, 22 in the Switzerland Albums Chart and 38 in the official UK Albums Chart, a position last achieved by Magnum with The Eleventh Hour! in 1983; these were Magnum's highest chart positions in Germany and Sweden since Goodnight L.A. (1990), and in England and Switzerland since Sleepwalking (1992). In addition to these achievements the album reached number 2 in the UK Rock & Metal Charts and number 4 Indie Charts in the UK.
Song themes
"Midnight Angel" tells the story of a young girl in South America who turns to prostitution, and is abused by a famous politician. Afraid that they will speak out, they stab them and dumps them in a river.
"The Art of Compromise" is about making a relationship work.
"The Valley of Tears" is about not letting ambitions distract one from everything one has to be grateful for. As Bob Catley put it, "What is the meaning of life? Be happy with whatever is around you, your family, your friends, and whatever you do in life [...] don't look too far ahead, look at your feet and you've probably got everything you need right there".
Track listing
Personnel
Tony Clarkin — guitar
Bob Catley — vocals
Al Barrow — bass guitar
Mark Stanway — keyboards
Harry James — drums
References
2014 albums
Magnum (band) albums
SPV GmbH albums
Professor Patrick Forterre, born 21 August 1949 in Paris, is a French writer and researcher in biology.  They are Head of the Department of Microbiology at the Pasteur Institute and is known for their work on Archaea, viruses and the evolution of life. Forterre was the first to use the abbreviation of "Last Universal Common Ancestor", or "LUCA", in a 1999 paper.
Biography
In 1988, they became head of a research team at the Institute of Genetics and Microbiology (IGM) in Orsay and directed research on Archaea, the new living area discovered in 1977 by Carl Woese. In 2004, they joined the Pasteur Institute as Director of Microbiology .
Patrick Forterre is particularly known for their theories on evolution and their stances on the recognition of viruses as living beings in their own right.
They work as a scientist in the documentary film Species of Species, produced in 2008.
Scientific articles
Patrick Forterre, Simonetta Gribaldo & Céline Brochier : (Luca: in search of the nearest universal common ancestor) (Luca : à la recherche du plus proche ancêtre commun universel), Médecine / Sciences, vol. 21, n°10, 2005, pp. 860–865
Simonetta Gribaldo, Patrick Forterre et Céline Brochier-Armanet : The Archaea: evolution and diversity of the third domain of life (Les Archaea : évolution et diversité du troisième domaine du vivant, Bull. Soc. Fr. Microbiol., vol. 23, n°3, 2008, pp. 137–145
Patrick Forterre, Viruses back on the scene (Les virus à nouveau sur le devant de la scène), Biologie Aujourd'hui, vol.207, n°3, Société de biologie, 13 décembre 2013, pp. 153–168
Patrick Forterre, The Viral Cell Cog of Life, (La cellule virale rouage de la vie), Pour la Science, n°469, special issue: Le nouveau monde des microbes, Novembre 2016, pp. 42–49 |text=résumé
References
20th-century biologists
20th-century French non-fiction writers
21st-century biologists
21st-century French non-fiction writers
Scientists from Paris
1949 births
French virologists
French science writers
Evolutionary biologists
Evolutionary psychology
Living people
Two Sides of Peter Banks is the debut album by ex-Yes, Flash, and Syn guitarist Peter Banks. It features contributions from members of several progressive rock bands, including Genesis (Phil Collins and Steve Hackett), King Crimson (John Wetton) and Flash (Ray Bennett and Mike Hough). Banks had previously been the guitarist of Yes, before being replaced by Steve Howe, after being fired from Yes in 1970 they formed Flash which ran from 1971 till 1973.
Overview
The album features a group of guest musicians, including Genesis' Phil Collins and Steve Hackett and King Crimson's John Wetton. The entire album was written and recorded with the Netherlands guitarist Jan Akkerman (of Focus). The first six tracks make up a suite (early themes are recapitulated toward the end) ranging from acoustic duets ("Vision of the King") to full-blown instrumental progressive rock numbers ("Knights") that bear similarities with Steve Hackett's 1975 solo album, Voyage of the Acolyte. "Beyond the Loneliest Sea" was written by Akkerman, while "Stop That!" is an extended jam featuring Banks and Akkerman trading solos. The album is entirely instrumental with Banks primarily playing guitar and also playing synthesizers and electric piano.
Track listing
Side A
Side B
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
Peter Banks - electric and acoustic guitars, ARP synthesizer, Minimoog, fender rhodes piano, producer
Jan Akkerman - electric guitar (A1, A4, A6, B2, B3) acoustic guitar (B1)
Steve Hackett - electric guitar (A5)
John Wetton (credited as John Whetton) - bass guitar (A5)
Ray Bennett - bass guitar (A3, A4, A5, B2, B3)
Mike Hough - drums (A3)
Phil Collins - drums (A4, A5, B2, B3)
Geoff Young - engineer
Paul Northfield - assistant engineer
Ben Nisbet - management
Mark Powell - remastering coordination, research
Phil Smee - package design
Ben Wiseman - digital remastering
Reference
External links
1973 debut albums
Witanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References
Witanki
The Kirkcudbright Railway was a railway branch line linking Kirkcudbright to the Castle Douglas and Dumfries Railway at Castle Douglas. It opened in 1864, and closed in 1965.
Formation and construction
By 1861 railways were at last being constructed in the thinly populated districts of South West Scotland. The Castle Douglas and Dumfries Railway (CD&DR) had opened in 1859, connecting with the much larger Glasgow and South Western Railway (G&SWR) at Dumfries, and the Portpatrick Railway, later to be the core of the Portpatrick and Wigtownshire Joint Railway, was being constructed with the intention of linking Portpatrick with the British main line network and encouraging a ferry service to the north of Ireland.
Desiring the advantages of connection to the railway network, and fearing the loss of County Town status to Castle Douglas, local interests in Kirkcudbright promoted the Kirkcudbright Railway to connect the town with Castle Douglas. The cost of construction was estimated at £40,000; the G&SWR was content to offer support for the scheme, and agreed to subscribe £15,000 if the CD&DR would subscribe £5,000. The Kirkcudbright Railway (KR) obtained its authorising Act of Parliament on 1 August 1861.
The first general meeting of the new Company did not take place until 25 October 1861. While construction was proceeding under Wylie & Peddie, the KR concluded an agreement with the G&SWR for the latter to work the line for 42½% of gross receipts after deduction of cartage costs. The construction was ready for a demonstration trip on 30 January 1864. The line opened to goods traffic on 17 February 1864 but the Board of Trade (BoT) Inspecting Officer declined to authorise passenger operation until the junction with the Portpatrick Railway was improved. The BoT had introduced a rule that junctions of single line railways must be made double-line at the point of connection, and the Castle Douglas junction did not comply. The line opened to passengers on 2 March 1864 between Kirkcudbright and a quickly-constructed station at St Andrew Street, Castle Douglas, short of the junction.
The planned entry to the junction at Castle Douglas was extremely sharp; and Kirkcudbright trains entering the station had to use a short length of Portpatrick Railway track; it appears that permission for this had not been properly obtained.
Signalling alterations were made at the Castle Douglas junction and a low speed restriction imposed, and through passenger running commenced on 15 August 1864. Capital was £60,000 in shares with borrowing powers up to £20,000.
Timetable
The 1895 public timetable shows seven trains each way except Sundays; one each way ran Mondays and Fridays only; the journey time was 25 minutes. The entire line between Dumfries and Kirkcudbright is shown as the "Kirkcudbright Branch".
A mid morning train from London St Pancras to Glasgow gave a connection at Dumfries for Castle Douglas. A note against Bridge of Dee, Tarff and Kirkcudbright stations states, "Passengers from South of Carlisle for these Stations will be conveyed by Special Train from Castle Douglas."
Absorption and closure
The G&SWR absorbed a number of small companies that it had earlier sponsored, and this included the Kirkcudbright Railway; the change was ratified by an Amalgamation Act of 5 July 1865. The absorption became effective on 1 August 1865. The shareholders received a cash settlement of face value plus 5% for their shares.
Passenger traffic ceased on 3 May 1965.
Topography
The line was a little over 10 miles (16 km) long.
The station at Kirkcudbright was on the east side of the River Dee; it had an all-over roof. The line ran north from Kirkcudbright, crossing the river at Tongueland Bridge (later spelt Tongland) and keeping to the west of the ridge that forms Bar Hill. After the station at Tarff, the line turns north-easterly crossing the Dee once again at Bridge of Dee. (In both cases the "bridge" in the name refers to an earlier road bridge.) It joined the Portpatrick Railway a little to the west of Castle Douglas station. The junction connection there originally joined the Portpatrick Railway line a short distance west of the station, by a very sharp curve. Improvements to the layout at the station took place some time before 1894, and the Kirkcudbright line then entered independently by a more gentle alignment, passing under a separate span of Dumfries Road bridge, which was widened for the purpose.
The stations were:
Kirkcudbright; opened 2 March 1864; closed 3 May 1965;
Tarff for Gatehouse; opened 2 March 1864; renamed Gatehouse 1 September 1865; renamed Tarff 1 August 1871; closed 3 May 1965;
; opened 18 April 1864; closed 26 September 1949;
Castle Douglas St Andrew Street; opened 2 March 1864; closed 1 December 1867;
- CD&DR station.
See also
List of closed railway stations in Britain
References
Disused stations
Notes
Closed railway lines in Scotland
Railway lines opened in 1864
Railway lines closed in 1965
In physics, the Schrödinger picture is a formulation of quantum mechanics in which the state vectors evolve in time, but the operators (observables and others) are mostly constant with respect to time (an exception is the Hamiltonian which may change if the potential changes). This differs from the Heisenberg picture which keeps the states constant while the observables evolve in time, and from the interaction picture in which both the states and the observables evolve in time. The Schrödinger and Heisenberg pictures are related as active and passive transformations and commutation relations between operators are preserved in the passage between the two pictures.
In the Schrödinger picture, the state of a system evolves with time. The evolution for a closed quantum system is brought about by a unitary operator, the time evolution operator. For time evolution from a state vector at time 0 to a state vector at time , the time-evolution operator is commonly written , and one has
In the case where the Hamiltonian of the system does not vary with time, the time-evolution operator has the form
where the exponent is evaluated via its Taylor series.
The Schrödinger picture is useful when dealing with a time-independent Hamiltonian ; that is, .
Background
In elementary quantum mechanics, the state of a quantum-mechanical system is represented by a complex-valued wavefunction . More abstractly, the state may be represented as a state vector, or ket, . This ket is an element of a Hilbert space, a vector space containing all possible states of the system. A quantum-mechanical operator is a function which takes a ket and returns some other ket .
The differences between the Schrödinger and Heisenberg pictures of quantum mechanics revolve around how to deal with systems that evolve in time: the time-dependent nature of the system must be carried by some combination of the state vectors and the operators. For example, a quantum harmonic oscillator may be in a state for which the expectation value of the momentum, , oscillates sinusoidally in time. One can then ask whether this sinusoidal oscillation should be reflected in the state vector , the momentum operator , or both. All three of these choices are valid; the first gives the Schrödinger picture, the second the Heisenberg picture, and the third the interaction picture.
The time evolution operator
Definition
The time-evolution operator U(t, t0) is defined as the operator which acts on the ket at time t0 to produce the ket at some other time t:
For bras,
Properties
Unitarity
The time evolution operator must be unitary. For the norm of the state ket must not change with time. That is, Therefore,
Identity
When t = t0, U is the identity operator, since
Closure
Time evolution from t0 to t may be viewed as a two-step time evolution, first from t0 to an intermediate time t1, and then from t1 to the final time t. Therefore,
Differential equation for time evolution operator
We drop the t0 index in the time evolution operator with the convention that and write it as U(t). The Schrödinger equation is
where H is the Hamiltonian. Now using the time-evolution operator U to write ,
Since is a constant ket (the state ket at ), and since the above equation is true for any constant ket in the Hilbert space, the time evolution operator must obey the equation
If the Hamiltonian is independent of time, the solution to the above equation is
Since H is an operator, this exponential expression is to be evaluated via its Taylor series:
Therefore,
Note that is an arbitrary ket. However, if the initial ket is an eigenstate of the Hamiltonian, with eigenvalue E:
The eigenstates of the Hamiltonian are stationary states: they only pick up an overall phase factor as they evolve with time.
If the Hamiltonian is dependent on time, but the Hamiltonians at different times commute, then the time evolution operator can be written as
If the Hamiltonian is dependent on time, but the Hamiltonians at different times do not commute, then the time evolution operator can be written as
where T is time-ordering operator, which is sometimes known as the Dyson series, after Freeman Dyson.
The alternative to the Schrödinger picture is to switch to a rotating reference frame, which is itself being rotated by the propagator. Since the undulatory rotation is now being assumed by the reference frame itself, an undisturbed state function appears to be truly static. This is the Heisenberg picture.
Summary comparison of evolution in all pictures
For a time-independent Hamiltonian HS, where H0,S is the free Hamiltonian,
See also
Hamilton–Jacobi equation
Interaction picture
Heisenberg picture
Phase space formulation
POVM
Mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics
Notes
References
Albert Messiah, 1966. Quantum Mechanics (Vol. I), English translation from French by G. M. Temmer. North Holland, John Wiley & Sons.
Merzbacher E., Quantum Mechanics (3rd ed., John Wiley 1998) p. 430–1
Online copy
R. Shankar (1994); Principles of Quantum Mechanics, Plenum Press, .
J. J. Sakurai (1993); Modern Quantum Mechanics (Revised Edition), .
Foundational quantum physics
Picture
Danci may refer to:
Places
Danci, Bosnia and Herzegovina, a village near Kakanj
Danci, Croatia, a village near Vižinada
People
Cristian Danci (born 1988), Romanian footballer
, also written (84719) 2002 VR128, is a trans-Neptunian object (TNO). It was discovered in 2002 by Michael Brown and Chad Trujillo. The object is a plutino, an object in 2:3 orbital resonance with Neptune.
Physical properties
The size of was measured by the Herschel Space Telescope to be . The surface of is red in the visible spectral range.
References
External links
Orbit simulation from NASA JPL site
Orbital details from the IAU Minor Planets Center
2002 VR128
Plutinos
2002 VR128
Possible dwarf planets
20021103
Wagner Falls is a waterfall on Wagner Creek near Munising, in Alger County, Upper Michigan. They are in the Wagner Falls Scenic Site, a Michigan State Park of the Michigan Department of Natural Resources.
The falls are located near the junction of M-28 and M-94 and can be reached by a short trail and boardwalk. Water flowing over the falls joins the Anna River below the falls, and flows into Lake Superior near Munising.
References
Great Lakes Waterfalls: Wagner Falls
External links
Waterfalls of Michigan
Protected areas of Alger County, Michigan
Landforms of Alger County, Michigan
Articles containing video clips
Pierre-Michel Alix (1762 – 27 December 1817) was a French engraver. They studied under Jacques-Philippe Le Bas and was best known for their portraits of notable figures during the French Revolution and First French Empire. Many of their works are now held in the Louvre's Cabinet des estampes and in France's Bibliothèque nationale.
Life
Alix was born and died in Paris. One of the specialists of their era in colour printing, they produced many illustrations of Parisian life and fashion of their own time along with many caricatures. They produced prints of Voltaire, Helvétius, Buffon et Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1791).
They also produced images of figures from the French Revolution. For example, in 1789, they produced 18 prints of members of the National Constituent Assembly, notably Mirabeau, the Abbé Grégoire, Charles and Alexandre de Lameth and Antoine Barnave, published by Levacher de Charnois. They also produced printed portraits of Jean-Paul Marat, Pierre Louis Manuel, Marie Joseph Chalier, general Custine, general Dumouriez Antoine Lavoisier and Charlotte Corday. However, they were best known for their portraits of the child heroes Joseph Bara and Joseph Agricol Viala, whose distribution was largely funded and organised by the revolutionary propaganda machine.
Under the French Directory and French Consulate, Alix turned especially towards historic subjects and subjects inspired by classical antiquity. They also produced prints of Benjamin Franklin (1795), general Hoche, general Augereau (1797), general Bonaparte at the head of the armée d'Italie (1798), general Kléber at the head of the armée de Sambre-et-Meuse (1798), general Berthier at the pont de Lodi on 10 May 1796, general Bernadotte, Antoine-François Fourcroy (1802), Napoleon as First Consul (1803) and a group portrait of the three consuls (Bonaparte, Cambacérès and Lebrun).
In 1815, on the Second Restoration, they produced a print of Louis XVIII after a painting by Pasquier and a King's return on 8 July 1815 after Martinet.
1762 births
1817 deaths
18th-century French engravers
19th-century French engravers
Engravers from Paris
Judicial immunity is a form of sovereign immunity, which protects judges and others employed by the judiciary from liability resulting from their judicial actions.
Though judges have immunity from lawsuit, in constitutional democracies judicial misconduct or bad personal behaviour is not completely protected. Depending on the jurisdiction, they may be criminally charged for courtroom behavior unrelated to the decision-making process (for example, by shooting someone and committing a murder unrelated to capital punishment by the state), bad decisions may be reversed by an appeals court, and judges may be removed by other judges on the same or higher court (in the United States, a judicial council), by a recall election, by the next regular election, or following impeachment by a legislature.
History
Historically, judicial immunity was associated with the English common law idea that "the King can do no wrong" in the eyes of the courts, because the courts are created by the sovereign (sovereign immunity). Judges, the King's delegates for dispensing justice, accordingly "ought not to be drawn into question for any supposed corruption [for this tends] to the slander of the justice of the King". An example of applying judicial immunity: a judge is not liable for a slander or libel suit for statements made about someone during a trial, no matter how corrupt that act was.
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, tribunals are considered judicial in nature and so judicial immunity applies to them at common law. This was accepted by the Employment Appeal Tribunal and subsequently the Court of Appeal of England and Wales in respect of police misconduct hearings constituted under the Police (Discipline) Regulations 1985 (since superseded by the Police (Conduct) Regulations 2008) in Heath v Commissioner of Police for the Metropolis [2004] EWCA Civ 943. However, in P v Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis [2017] UKSC 65, in which a police officer (an officer of the Crown, but under the Equality Act 2010 treated as an employee in employment discrimination cases) sought review of their dismissal as constituting disability discrimination due to post-traumatic stress disorder, the Supreme Court ruled that the Employment Equality Framework Directive (implemented by the 2010 Act) provided directly applicable rights of access to justice in cases of employment discrimination, which, given the supremacy of EU law, overrode the common law rule of judicial immunity.
United States
In the United States, judicial immunity is among a handful of forms of absolute immunity, along with prosecutorial immunity, legislative immunity, and witness immunity. The U.S. Supreme Court has characterized judicial immunity as providing "the maximum ability [of judges] to deal fearlessly and impartially with the public". The justification is as follows: because of the likelihood of innocent individuals being convicted in a court of law under false claims, the "burden" of being subjected to a court of law (a trial) would "dampen" the judges "enthusiasm" or "passion". Opponents of judicial immunity argue that this doctrine is not adequately justified. For example, judges could be shielded from any personal capacity liability, and still be subject to official capacity liability so that they may be held accountable for their injurious acts – thus "balancing" the "evil" to better protect the fundamental rights of victims.
Judicial immunity does not protect judges from suits stemming from administrative decisions made while off the bench, like hiring and firing decisions. But immunity generally does extend to all judicial decisions in which the judge has proper jurisdiction, even if a decision is made with "corrupt or malicious intent". In 1997 West Virginia judge Troisi became so irritated with a rude defendant, they stepped down from the bench, took off their robe, and bit the defendant on the nose. They pleaded no contest to state charges but was acquitted of federal charges of violating the defendant's civil rights. They spent five days in jail and was put on probation.
Because the immunity is attached to the judicial nature of the acts, not the official title of the officeholder, judicial immunity also applies to administrative hearings, although in some situations, only qualified immunity applies. In determining whether absolute or qualified immunity should be provided, the U.S. Supreme Court has identified the following factors, according to the Shriver Center's Federal Practice Manual for Legal Aid Attorneys:
The following cases seem relevant to this issue:
Stump v. Sparkman (1978)
One of the leading decisions on judicial immunity is Stump v. Sparkman. In 1971, Judge Harold D. Stump granted a mother's petition to have a tubal ligation performed on their 15-year-old daughter, whom the mother alleged was "somewhat retarded". The daughter was told that the surgery was to remove their appendix. In 1975 the daughter, going by their then-married name of Linda Sparkman, learned that they had been sterilized. They sued the judge. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the judge could not be sued, because the decision was made in the course of their duties. In that regard, it was irrelevant that the judge's decision may have been contrary to law and morally reprehensible.
Harris v. Harvey (1979)
Judges usually, but not always, receive immunity from being sued. One exception where a judge was sued and lost is Harris v. Harvey (1979). Sylvester Harris, an African-American police lieutenant in Racine, Wisconsin, was attacked in a variety of ways by Judge Richard G. Harvey. Harris sued Harvey because of (a) comments Harvey made to the news media, (b) threatening letters Harvey wrote to city and county officials who attempted to defend Harris, and (c) parties Harvey held for ranking state officials during which they attempted to get Harris removed from law enforcement. The jury concluded that Harvey was not eligible for judicial immunity for these actions, as such acts which were not part of the judge's normal duties (i.e. were "outside their jurisdiction"). The jury awarded Harris $260,000 damages. Another judge later added $7,500 legal fees. The United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit concurred with the jury's decision. Judge Harvey petitioned the Seventh Circuit court for an en banc rehearing, which was denied. Their petition to the Supreme Court was also denied. Harris v. Harvey is the first case in the United States where a sitting court judge has been sued and lost in a civil action; it is a binding precedent in the Seventh Circuit and is persuasive authority in the other circuits.
Supreme Court of Virginia v. Consumers Union (1980)
In Supreme Court of Virginia v. Consumers Union (1980), the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court of Virginia did not have immunity in federal court from being enjoined in its enforcement capacity where state law gave the court independent authority to initiate certain proceedings against attorneys. Consumers Union was hindered from compiling an attorney directory because many attorneys they contacted declined to provide requested information out of fear of violating attorney conduct regulations promulgated by the Supreme Court of Virginia. Consumers Union filed a lawsuit in federal court against the Supreme Court of Virginia and others, under 42 U.S.C. § 1983, seeking to have the regulation declared unconstitutional and to enjoin the defendants from enforcing it. The U.S. Supreme Court affirmed the Supreme Court of Virginia's legislative immunity:
Mireles v. Waco (1991)
In the case of Mireles v. Waco (1991), when a defense lawyer failed to appear for a scheduled hearing, the judge not only issued a bench warrant for their arrest, but instructed the police sent to arrest them to "rough them up a little" to teach them not to skip court dates. Although this was entirely unprofessional and possibly criminal, the judge was held, by the Supreme Court, to have absolute immunity from a lawsuit arising from the resulting beating, because the misbehavior occurred entirely within their activities as a judge presiding over a court.
See also
Judicial misconduct
Diminished responsibility
Diminished capacity in United States law
References
Further reading
External links
The Horrifying Extent of Absolute Judicial Immunity
Legal immunity
Oakland Mills High School was established in 1973 as one of the first high schools to serve the planned developed new U.S. town of Columbia, Maryland area, established by James Rouse and their Rouse Company in 1967 in Howard County, midway between Baltimore and Washington, D.C. It is part of the Howard County Public Schools system (HCPSS).
The building had its first renovation in 1991, and another in 1998. A new addition was put onto OMHS in 2004, the "new wing," raising its total capacity to 1,400 students.
Recently, both Oakland Mills High School and Oakland Mills Middle School were affected by a mold issue which required renovations to both schools. While Oakland Mills High has not needed more renovations, after Oakland Mills Middle suffered a fire early January 2016, it was discovered that the mold issue was not solved and required more renovations. It is unknown if there is any mold currently in Oakland Mills High School.
Demographics
Oakland Mills is one of the largest minority-majority schools in the Howard County Public School System. Of the student body, 43.9% are African American, 20.2% are White, 21.6% are Hispanic, 6.6% are Asian, 0% are Native American, and 7.2% are two or more races.
For students receiving special services in the 2016-2017 year, as many as 6.1% were with limited English proficiency, 44.9% received free/reduced lunches, and 10.1% were enrolled in special education. The graduation rate was 90.4%.
Academics
Since 2009, at least one member of its graduating class has been accepted into an Ivy League school, while graduates of each class have matriculated to prestigious schools such as Oberlin College, Carnegie Mellon University, Georgetown University, the Juilliard School, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and Stanford University.
In the 2009–2010 school year about 30% of students were enrolled in GT classes and about 20% in AP classes, according to the High School Needs/Data Assessment. The enrollment of students in OMHS's 18 AP courses has increased by 4% since 2008; this includes a 3% increase of African American students and a 2% increase of Hispanic students.
Students have been successful in higher-level classes. 89% of OMHS students who took the English Language and Composition AP/GT exam received a passing score of 3 or higher, and 86% of students who took the World History AP/GT exam received a 3 or higher. Both of these numbers impressively exceed the national average pass rate of 53%.
From the 2009–2010 school year to the 2010–2011 school year, there has been a 12.5% increase in the size of the OMHS National Honor Society. Currently, 38% of the students in NHS are minorities and 14% are African American.
Since 2009, there have been 67 Maryland Distinguished Scholars: six semifinalists, and nine finalists. There were 19 National Merit Scholars and five finalists. In the class of 2011, OMHS had six National Achievement Scholars, a program for African American students. Of those six, two were finalists.
Activities
The school also has an accomplished music and drama program. The choir, band, and orchestra are consistently given high ratings at various adjudications and festivals, including the annual WBAL Kids Campaign concert held at the school. Singers from the choir program have performed live on radio for the WBAL Kids Campaign. The Oakland Mills High School Chamber Singers are an active ensemble in their community. The select ensemble has been invited twice to the University of Maryland College Park high school invitational. Multiple members have been a part of nearby select ensembles such as the Maryland All State choirs and Howard County GT/Honor Choir. Oakland Mills has participated twice in the Baltimore area Critics and Awards Program for High School Students (the "Cappies"). The 2005 show, Footloose was nominated for 11 awards, winning two (Ensemble in a Musical and Cameo Actress). The 2006 spring musical, Seussical, was nominated for 13 awards.
The school is also home to over 30 clubs and organizations, including Howard County's only Air Force JROTC program.
The school's boys' cross-country team has won a state record 12 cross-country state titles, including six in a row in the late eighties and early nineties. The team also had a surge of championships around the start of the 21st century, including some narrow victories over Glenelg High School.
Athletics
Oakland Mills High School has won many state championships. Here is a list of the titles that the school owns:
Boys' basketball
1990 - Boys' basketball
2015 - Boys' basketball
Girls' basketball
1998 - Girls' basketball
Boy's indoor track
1991 - Boys' 3A indoor track
1993 - Boys' 2A-1A indoor track
1994 - Boys' 2A-1A indoor track
1999 - Boys' 2A-1A indoor track
2000 - Boys' 2A-1A indoor track
2001 - Boys' 2A-1A indoor track
2002 - Boys' 2A-1A indoor track
2004 - Boys' 2A-1A Indoor Track
Boys' track & field
1981 - Boys' track & field
1989 - Boys' track & field
1991 - Boys' track & field
1993 - Boys' track & field
1994 - Boys' track & field
1995 - Boys' track & field
1996 - Boys' track & field
1998 - Boys' track & field
2000 - Boys' track & field
2001 - Boys' track & field
2002 - Boys' track & field
2004 - Boys' track & field
2010 - Boys' track & field
2021 - Boys' track & field
Girls' track & field
1978 - Girls' track & field
Girls' indoor track
1998 - Girls' 2A-1A indoor track
2000 - Girls' 2A-1A indoor track
Wrestling
1980 - Wrestling
1982 - Wrestling
1986 - Wrestling
2015 - Wrestling
Boys' cross-country
1975 - Boys' cross-country
1984 - Boys' cross-country
1985 - Boys' cross-country
1986 - Boys' cross-country
1987 - Boys' cross-country
1988 - Boys' cross-country
1989 - Boys' cross-country
1992 - Boys' cross-country
1994 - Boys' cross-country
1999 - Boys' cross-country
2000 - Boys' cross-country
2001 - Boys' cross-country
Boys' soccer
1979 - Boys' soccer
1980 - Boys' soccer
1981 - Boys' soccer
1985 - Boys' soccer
1986 - Boys' soccer
1988 - Boys' soccer
1992 - Boys' soccer
1994 - Boys' soccer
1998 - Boys' soccer
1999 - Boys' soccer
2000 - Boys' soccer
2002 - Boys' soccer
Girls' soccer
1992 - Girls' soccer
1995 - Girls' soccer
Football
1998 - Football
2000 - Football
2001 - Football
2002 - Football
2007 - Football
Notable alumni
Darryl Gee — US Olympic soccer player
Brandon Hardesty - actor, comedian
David Howard — 7th round pick (241 overall) by the Tennessee Titans in the 2010 NFL Draft
Lucy McBath - Congresswoman representing Georgia's 6th District
Aaron McGruder — creator of comic strip and TV show The Boondocks
Bree Newsome — activist
Randy Pausch (class of 1978) — professor at Carnegie Mellon University who gained a level of internet and YouTube fame for recording what is known as their inspirational "Last Lecture" due to a battle with terminal pancreatic cancer
Clint Peay — fullback, men's national team player, DC United Star, and US Olympic soccer player
Rob Ryerson — former professional soccer player, soccer coach at Mount St. Mary's University
Rich Ryerson — former professional soccer player, head coach of the UNLV Rebels men's soccer team
Dave Sitek — musician in the band TV on the Radio
Terry W. Virts (class of 1985) — NASA astronaut
Dante Washington — men's national team player, MLS scorer, and US Olympic soccer player
Greg Whittington - basketball player
References and notes
External links
Official OMHS website
OMHS First Fifteen Years Reunion, Oakland Mills High Alumni, "1975-1989 Reunion"
Dr. Randy Pausch, OMHS alumnus, "Final Lecture"
Public high schools in Maryland
Public schools in Howard County, Maryland
Educational institutions established in 1973
1973 establishments in Maryland
Sierra de Albarracín is a long mountain range in the southwestern end of the Iberian System. Its highest point is the 1,856 m high summit known as Sierra Alta.
Description
This mountain range is named after the town of Albarracín, located at a height of 1,200 m. At the same time it gives its name to the Sierra de Albarracín comarca of Aragon, Spain. Monterde de Albarracín is located at the northern end of the range.
The Sierra de Albarracín is a rough-looking mountain chain with pine, oak and juniper forests and also many patches where the rock is exposed. Its summits are usually covered in snow in the winter and the average temperature is of 11 °C. It was formerly one of the most lonely and desolate areas of Spain and there were not even marked paths crossing its impenetrable forests and jagged ridges.
Metopoceras albarracina is an endemic moth of these mountains.
See also
Albarracín
Monterde de Albarracín
List of mountains in Aragon
References
External links
Albarracín on Diputación de Teruel
Turismo Albarracin
Turismo en la Sierra de Albarracín (Teruel)
The highest camping in Spain
Social organization, reproductive behavior and ecology of Leptothorax acervorum (Hymenoptera, Formicidae) from the Sierra de Albarracin in central Spain
Albarracin
Albarracin
Albarracin
Unfried is an extinct town in Garfield County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
A post office called Unfried was established in 1910, and remained in operation until 1917. The community bears the name of an early postmaster.
References
Ghost towns in Garfield County, Washington
Geography of Garfield County, Washington
A Christmas Calendar is a 1987 American Christmas television special hosted and narrated by Loretta Swit. The program was co-produced for PBS by Deutsche Welle and Oregon Public Broadcasting and premiered December 18, 1987 on PBS.
Description
Loretta Swit travels to Germany to discover the holiday traditions in the European country. Swit journeys through various regions of Germany including spending some of the holiday with a German family. They discover the origins of St Nicholas, the Christmas traditions such as the Christkindlmarkt as well as show the viewers the winter scenery of the country. The program includes seasonal music with insight of the origins of the titles.
Cast
Loretta Swit
Reinhardt Schmidt
Theresia Schmidt
Felicia Sharon
Barry Sharon
Regensburger Domspatzen
Fischer Choir of Stuttgart
Production
Location scenes for the program included Nuremberg, Munich, Aachen, Stuttgart, Hamburg, and Berlin, Germany. The program has not been released on VHS or DVD.
See also
Loretta Swit
References
External links
1987 television specials
1980s American television specials
PBS original programming
American Christmas television specials
Treason in My Breast is a 1938 mystery detective novel by Anthony Gilbert, the pen name of British writer Lucy Beatrice Malleson. It is the fourth in their long-running series featuring the unscrupulous London solicitor and detective Arthur Crook. Crook became one of the established characters of the Golden Age of Detective Fiction, although in this case the novel was more similar to a Victorian melodrama than a conventional whodunnit.
Synopsis
From their window, a housewife believes they have witnessed the build-up to a murder of a young woman in the flat opposite. They call in Arthur Crook to assist them in unravelling a seemingly ingenious attempt to steal a large inheritance.
References
Bibliography
Magill, Frank Northen . Critical Survey of Mystery and Detective Fiction: Authors, Volume 2. Salem Press, 1988.
Murphy, Bruce F. The Encyclopedia of Murder and Mystery. Springer, 1999.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
1938 British novels
British mystery novels
British thriller novels
Novels by Anthony Gilbert
Novels set in London
British detective novels
Collins Crime Club books
This is a list of notable ice cream flavors. Ice cream is a frozen dessert usually made from dairy products, such as milk and cream, and often combined with fruits or other ingredients and flavors. Most varieties contain sugar, although some are made with other sweeteners.
Ice cream flavors
Blue Cream Soda/Ramune Float - Sold only in Japan, this unique flavor of ice cream is a combination of Ramune and Vanilla ice cream to give it a similar taste to a Ramune flavored cream soda. Only sold in Japanese Baskin Robbins as a summer exclusive.
Bacon – a modern invention, generally created by adding bacon to egg custard and freezing the mixture
Banana
Beer
Blue moon – an ice cream flavor with bright blue coloring, available in the Upper Midwest of the United States
Bubblegum
Butter Brickle was the registered trademark of a toffee ice cream flavoring and of a toffee-centered chocolate-covered candy bar similar to the Heath bar, introduced by the Blackstone Hotel in Omaha, Nebraska, in the 1920s. Alternately, it is often prepared and sold as butter vanilla flavored ice cream with tiny flecks of butter toffee instead of chunks of Heath bar.
Butterscotch
Butter pecan is a smooth vanilla ice cream with a slight buttery flavor, with pecans added.
Cheese
Cake batter
Cherry – includes variations (e.g. Amaretto cherry, black cherry)
Chocolate
Chocolate chip cookie dough
Coffee
Cinnamon apple
Cookies and cream
Cotton candy
Crab – a Japanese creation, it is described as having a sweet taste; the island of Hokkaido, Japan, is known for manufacturing it
Creole cream cheese
Dulce de leche
Earl Grey
Eggnog
French vanilla
Garlic
Grape
Green tea
Halva
Hokey pokey – a flavour of ice cream in New Zealand, consisting of plain vanilla ice cream with small, solid lumps of honeycomb toffee
Lucuma – a popular Peruvian ice cream flavor with an orange color and a sweet nutty taste
Mamey
Mango
Maple
Mint chocolate chip – composed of mint ice cream with small chocolate chips. In some cases the liqueur crème de menthe is used to provide the mint flavor, but in most cases peppermint or spearmint flavoring is used.
Moon mist – a blend of grape, banana, and blue raspberry (or sometimes bubblegum) flavors, popular in Atlantic Canada. The flavors are generally blended together to give a mist-like texture.
Moose tracks
Neapolitan – composed of vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream together side by side
Oyster
Pistachio
Peanut butter
Raspberry ripple – consists of raspberry syrup injected into vanilla ice cream.
Rocky road – although there are variations from the original flavor, it is traditionally composed of chocolate ice cream, nuts, and whole or diced marshmallows, or sometimes replaced with marshmallow creme, a more fluid version
Rum raisin
Spumoni – a molded Italian ice cream made with layers of different colors and flavors, usually containing candied fruits and nuts.
Strawberry
Strawberry cheesecake
Superman
Teaberry – a flavor particular to Pennsylvania, with a flavor similar to wintergreen
Tiger tail – a flavor popular in Canada, consisting of orange-flavored ice cream with swirls of black licorice
Tutti frutti
Twist – soft-serve ice cream where two flavors (if unspecified, usually chocolate and vanilla) are extruded simultaneously
Ube (purple yam) – a popular ice cream flavor in the Philippines
Vanilla
Watermelon
Gallery
See also
List of dairy products
List of desserts
List of ice cream brands
List of ice cream parlor chains
List of soft drink flavors
References
External links
Dessert-related lists
James Michael Popil (November 5, 1909 – August 14, 1978) was a politician from Alberta, Canada. They served in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1935 to 1948 as a member of the Social Credit caucus in government.
Political career
Popil first ran for public office as a Social Credit candidate in the 1935 Alberta general election. They defeated incumbent cabinet minister John Love and four other candidates on ballot transfers in the electoral district of Sturgeon.
After Sturgeon was abolished in the 1940 boundary redistribution, Popil ran for a second term in office in the new Redwater electoral district in the election held that year. They won with a substantial first ballot majority over two other candidates.
Popil ran for their third and final term in office in the 1944 general election. They marginally increased their popular vote and won a big majority to hold their seat. They retired from provincial politics at dissolution of the assembly in 1948.
References
External links
Legislative Assembly of Alberta Members Listing
Alberta Social Credit Party MLAs
1978 deaths
1909 births
This page shows the progress of Gillingham in the 2011–12 season. This season they played their league games in Football League Two, the fourth tier of English football.
League data
League table
Results summary
Results
Pre-season friendlies
League Two
FA Cup
League Cup
Football League Trophy
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players featured for club who have left:
|}
Top scorers
Awards
Transfers
References
Gillingham F.C. seasons
Gillingham
2010s in Kent
Patricia Janet Scotland, Baroness Scotland of Asthal, (born 19 August 1955), is a British diplomat, barrister and politician, serving as the sixth secretary-general of the Commonwealth of Nations. They were elected at the 2015 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting and took office on 1 April 2016.  They are the first woman to hold the post. They were elevated to the House of Lords in 1997 and, as a British Labour Party politician, served in ministerial positions within the UK Government, most notably as the Attorney General for England and Wales and Advocate General for Northern Ireland.  They are a dual citizen of the United Kingdom and Dominica, where they were born.
Early life and career
Scotland was born on 19 August 1955 in Dominica, the 10th child of 12 born to Roman Catholic parents, a Dominican mother and Antiguan father. Them family emigrated to Walthamstow in north-east London when they were two years old, where they attended Chapel End Primary School and Walthamstow School for Girls. They then went on to Mid Essex Technical College in Chelmsford, where they obtained a Bachelor of Laws degree from University of London as an external student. They were called to the bar at the Middle Temple in 1977, specialising in family law, and was called to the Dominican bar in 1978.
In 1991, Scotland became the first black woman to be appointed a Queen's Counsel. They later founded the (now closed) 1 Gray's Inn Square barristers chambers. Early in 1997, they were elected as a Bencher of the Middle Temple. Scotland was named as a Millennium Commissioner on 17 February 1994, and was a member of the Commission for Racial Equality. They received a life peerage on a Labour Party list of working peers and was created Baroness Scotland of Asthal, of Asthal in the County of Oxfordshire on 30 October 1997.
Politics
From 1999 to 2001, Scotland was the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, where they were responsible, among others, for the UK Government's diplomatic relations with North America, the Caribbean, Overseas Territories, Consular Division, British Council, administration and all Parliamentary business in the House of Lords. Scotland introduced the International Criminal Court Bill which sought to ratify the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court into UK law. They established the Pro Bono Lawyers Panel, a panel of British-based lawyers who provided legal advice on a pro bono basis to United Kingdom nationals imprisoned in foreign countries. They created an Overseas Territories Council for the Caribbean and reformed and restructured the Foreign and Commonwealth Office's Consular Division to be able to respond more effectively to emergencies and disasters abroad such as the 11 September attacks.
In 2001 they became Parliamentary Secretary, Lord Chancellor's Department, and was made a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom. They were the minister formally responsible for civil justice and the reform of civil law including the comprehensive reform of land registration leading to the Land Registration Act 2002. They were also formally responsible for international affairs at the Lord Chancellor's Department and was appointed by Prime Minister Tony Blair as the UK Alternate Representative to the European Convention and was given primary responsibility for the negotiations in relation to the Charter of Rights which were successfully concluded in 2003. During this period they consolidated the strong relations created with all the applicant countries through the FAHR programme and the member states and was subsequently awarded the Polish Medal for their contribution to the reform and development of Law in Poland.
Scotland was an unsuccessful contender for a cabinet position in 2003, when Blair reportedly considered appointing their Leader of the House of Lords.
In 2003, Scotland was made Minister of State for the Criminal Justice System and Law Reform at the Home Office and deputy to the Home Secretary. They served in that post until 2007 under three Home Secretaries: David Blunkett, Charles Clarke and John Reid. While at the Home Office they were responsible for major reform of the criminal justice system. They created the Office of Criminal Justice Reform which helped to create and support the National Criminal Justice Board and the Local Criminal Justice Board. Having acted as chair, they then created three Alliances to reduce re-offending (Corporate, Civic and Faith based Alliance) and the Corporate Alliance against Domestic Violence. They created an advisory group on victims and the Criminal Justice Centre, Victims and Witness units.
Scotland created Inside Justice Week and the Justice Awards. They introduced the Crime and Victims Act, which created the new offence of familial homicide that was successfully used to prosecute the killers of Baby P who would otherwise have escaped responsibility for their death.
Scotland continued their responsibility for international affairs at the Home Office and continued to represent the UK in a number of international negotiations such as those relating to extradition.
NatWest Three
A new extradition treaty with the United States had been signed on 31 March 2003. Scotland had the responsibility for promoting the necessary legislation in the House of Lords. The "NatWest Three" extradition case made use of this treaty. The three men were British citizens, living in the UK and working for a British bank. On 12 July 2006, in a highly unusual move, the Speaker of the House of Commons, Michael Martin, allowed an emergency debate on both the treaty and the NatWest Three after a request by Liberal Democrat frontbencher Nick Clegg.
During the debate, Scotland's view in 2005 that a higher threshold to establish probable cause was required by the UK to extradite from the US than vice versa was contrasted by Clegg to comments which the Prime Minister had made in July 2006, in which they stated that the evidential burdens on the two countries were the same. The NatWest Three were subsequently extradited, and accepted a plea-bargain under which they pleaded guilty to a single count of wire fraud in the United States and were sentenced to 37 months' imprisonment.
Attorney General
On 28 June 2007, Scotland was appointed Attorney General by Prime Minister Gordon Brown. They were the first woman to hold the office since its foundation in 1315.
During their time as Attorney General, Scotland continued to promote pro bono work by lawyers and created an international and Schools Pro Bono Committee which was responsible for co-ordinating pro bono work. They created the Pro Bono Awards and Pro Bono Heroes. They also created the Attorney General's Youth Network.
They were the last Attorney General for England and Wales also to be the Attorney General for Northern Ireland before the devolution of justice powers to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and appointment of a separate Attorney General for Northern Ireland. They became instead Advocate General for Northern Ireland, the UK government's chief advisor on Northern Ireland law, for a brief period until Labour left office.
Shadow Attorney General
When Labour left government on 11 May 2010, Scotland became the Shadow Attorney General and was reappointed to that role by Ed Miliband when they appointed their first Shadow Cabinet in October 2010.
In November 2012, they were appointed Prime Ministerial Trade Envoy to South Africa.
Local government
In December 2014, Scotland was elected as the Alderman for the ward of Bishopsgate in the City of London, having stood (in accordance with convention in the City) as an independent candidate.
Commonwealth Secretary-General
At the 2015 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting, Scotland was nominated for the position of Commonwealth Secretary-General by their native country of Dominica and defeated Antiguan diplomat Ronald Sanders, who was thought to have been the frontrunner for the position, and former deputy secretary-general for political affairs Mmasekgoa Masire-Mwamba of Botswana to become the 6th Commonwealth Secretary-General and the first woman to hold the post. They began their first of a maximum of two possible four-year terms on 1 April 2016.
Them candidacy was opposed by Hugh Segal, former Canadian special envoy to the Commonwealth and senator, who wrote in an editorial that they were not qualified for the position because they "accepted a well-paying brief from a junta in the Maldives to argue against the Commonwealth's legitimacy when it and Canada sought the restoration of democracy in that country."
Them bid to have their four-year term automatically renewed was rejected in June 2020, in contrast to the usual convention where an incumbent seeking a second term in office is elected unopposed for their or their second term. This followed a "significant and diverse number of colleagues from across the Commonwealth" raising objection to the proposal, due to allegations of cronyism following an audit of the Commonwealth Secretariat's procurement practices. Them first term was extended,
however, due to the postponement of the 2020 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting.
Lady Scotland was re-elected to a second term at the 2022 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting, reportedly defeating Jamaican foreign minister Kamina Johnson Smith by 27 votes to 24. As their first term had been extended by two years due to the pandemic and the postponement of the 2020 CHOGM, Scotland promised that they will only serve for two more years instead of a full four-year term.
In their capacity as Secretary General, Baroness Scotland was the first speaker at the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II in Westminster Abbey on 19 September 2022.
Controversies
Illegal immigrant employment penalty
In January 2009 Scotland employed Lolo Tapui, an illegal immigrant as a cleaner. Tapui had been using a forged passport for the period up to and including December 2008. Tapui was later jailed for eight months for fraud, possessing a false identity stamp, and overstaying their UK visa. At their trial Tapui admitted to having been paid £95,000 by the Daily Mail. They were later deported to their native Tonga.
Scotland, who was Attorney General at the time, had earlier been subjected to a penalty of £5,000 for employing Tapui. They had not kept copies of relevant documents to check Tapui's immigration status and could therefore not establish a statutory defence. The rules were established when Scotland was a Home Office minister. The investigation by the UK Border Agency found that Scotland did not "knowingly" employ an illegal worker.
Expenses controversy
In November 2016 political blogger Guido Fawkes published purported extracts from leaked documents exposing Scotland's extravagant spending on redecorating their grace and favour apartment in Mayfair, London. Scotland denied the claims in a statement posted on the Commonwealth's website, insisting there had been "no extravagance at all" and explained that the spending was agreed by Kamalesh Sharma, the Commonwealth's secretary-general from 2008 to 2016.
Contract controversy
In January 2020, Scotland faced further criticism of their role as secretary-general of the Commonwealth for awarding a consultancy contract to a company run by a friend. The Audit Committee of the international organisation noted that they offered a contract to a fellow Labour peer, Lord Patel of Bradford, despite their firm being "apparently insolvent" and "circumventing" the normal competitive tendering process. Auditors also found that procurement rules had not been observed by the secretariat on over 50 occasions.
Charitable work
Scotland is the Patron of the Corporate Alliance Against Domestic Violence and of Chineke! Foundation.  They are the joint Patron of Missio, a charity which is the Catholic Church's official support organisation for overseas mission.  They are also a patron of Children and Families Across Borders (CFAB), a charity dedicated to reuniting children who have been separated from their families.
Awards
Scotland has been voted Peer of the Year by Channel 4, The House magazine, Parliamentarian of the Year by the Spectator and the Political Studies Association, and received a number of other awards for their contribution to law reform in the UK and abroad.
Scotland was awarded an honorary degree from the University of East London in 2005. Scotland has also been ranked the most influential Black Briton in the annual "Powerlist", having been ranked first in 2010, and in 2007 & 2008 when the list had separate male/female rankings.
Scotland was decreed and invested by Prince Carlo, Duke of Castro, as a Dame of Merit with Star of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George in 2003. In 2014 they were appointed to the Council of the British and Irish Delegation of the Constantinian Order and promoted in rank to Dame Grand Cross of Merit.
On 1 January 2014 they were appointed chancellor of the University of Greenwich.
In 2015, they were listed as one of BBC's 100 Women.
Personal life
Scotland resides in London and in Asthal, where they and their husband Richard Mawhinney, also a barrister, live with their two sons.
Scotland's son Matthew Mawhinney has appeared on the reality series Too Hot to Handle. In 2021 they were arrested and fined for abusing cabin crew on a British Airways flight, including shouting "Look up who my mum is – Baroness Scotland [...] go and get me a drink" after being refused alcohol.
Arms
Notes
References
External links
Interview with Baroness Patricia Scotland by Julian Rogers. 7 December 2014.
"Child of the Caribbean | Baroness Scotland | TEDxPortofSpain", YouTube, 17 December 2014.
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1955 births
Living people
21st-century Roman Catholics
Alumni of Anglia Ruskin University
Alumni of University of London Worldwide
Alumni of the University of London
Attorneys General for England and Wales
Attorneys General for Northern Ireland
Black British women politicians
English Queen's Counsel
English Roman Catholics
English women lawyers
Commonwealth Secretaries-General
Dominica emigrants to England
English people of Antigua and Barbuda descent
Labour Party (UK) life peers
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
20th-century English lawyers
21st-century English lawyers
Members of the Middle Temple
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Northern Ireland Government ministers
People associated with the University of Greenwich
People educated at Walthamstow School for Girls
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Presidents of Chatham House
People from Walthamstow
Dominica people of Antigua and Barbuda descent
Women government ministers in the United Kingdom
Advocates General for Northern Ireland
Women Law Officers of the Crown in the United Kingdom
BBC 100 Women
20th-century women lawyers
21st-century women lawyers
William Rabun (April 8, 1771 – October 24, 1819) was an American politician. They were a member of the Georgia House of Representatives and Georgia Senate in addition to serving as the 29th Governor of Georgia from 1817 to 1819.
Early life
Rabun was born in Halifax County in the Province of North Carolina and moved with their parents to current-day Hancock County, Georgia (then a part of Greene County) in 1785. Rabun's home in Powellton is located ten miles northeast of Sparta. In 1793 they married Mary Battle, and the couple had one son and six daughters. Rabun was a devout Baptist and a self-educated man.
Political career
Rabun was a member of both houses of the Georgia General Assembly. In 1805, they were elected to the Georgia House of Representatives, and in 1810, they were elected to the Georgia senate, serving until 1817 as president of the senate. When Governor David B. Mitchell resigned to accept President James Madison's appointment as U.S. agent to the Creek Nation, Rabun became governor of Georgia on March 4, 1817. Mitchell replaced Benjamin Hawkins, who had recently died. Rabun was elected to a full term as governor in November 1817 with the Democratic-Republican Party.
During the First Seminole War, Governor Rabun called on the Georgia militia, under the command of General Edmund Pendleton Gaines, to respond to raids in south Georgia. Edward F. Tattnall wrote to Governor Rabun about assisting in the raising of a force in the vicinity of the St. Mary's River on March 20, 1817. Rabun ordered two villages to be destroyed for their participation in the raids in south Georgia. By mistake, the Creek village of the Chehaws was burned, and ten Creeks were killed. General Andrew Jackson, future president of the United States, was enraged, and wanted Captain Obed Wright prosecuted for murder. Rabun rejected the authority of the federal government to intervene in the affairs of a state, especially over a state-controlled militia. They famously remarked to Jackson, "When the liberties of the people of Georgia shall have been prostrated at the feet of a military despotism, then, and not till then, will your imperious doctrine be submitted to." Rabun criticized Jackson for failing to protect Georgia from the Seminoles and the Creeks, creating a bitter rift with Jackson, but endearing themselves to the state of Georgia and the state legislature.
Rabun was involved in the American Importation Case of 1820 of smuggling slaves into Creek and US territory, in violation of the 1808 law against the American slave trade. John Watson, Deputy Magistrate of Georgia, protested Rabun's interference in the execution of their legal duties in the case of 59 Africans who were allegedly seized under executive orders and later sold. The importation of the Africans and the implication of David Brydie Mitchell caused wide interest in the case. Rabun commented that anti-slave laws were being constantly violated, and that "high and low were engaging in it".
Death and legacy
Rabun died at their home in Powelton, Hancock County, while home in between legislative sessions. They caught a fever and died unexpectedly on October 24, 1819, and was originally buried in the Martin family cemetery; however, their grave was moved to the Powelton Baptist Church in Powelton, Georgia in 1985. Jesse Mercer, the prominent Baptist minister, delivered the eulogy in memory of the late governor at the request of the General Assembly. Two months after Rabun's death, the General Assembly created Rabun County, ceded from Cherokee territory in northeast Georgia.
References
Georgia State Archives Roster of State Governors
Georgia Governor's Gravesites Field Guide (1776-2003)
External links
Luckett, Robert E. "William Rabun (1771-1819)." New Georgia Encyclopedia. May 14, 2013. Web. Retrieved May 18, 2016.
Gov. William Rabun historical marker
1771 births
1819 deaths
People from Halifax County, North Carolina
Governors of Georgia (U.S. state)
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Georgia (U.S. state) Democratic-Republicans
Democratic-Republican Party state governors of the United States
General Eva Evelyn Burrows, AC, OF (15 September 192920 March 2015) was an Australian Salvation Army Officer and was, from 1986 to 1993, the 13th General of the Salvation Army. They served as an Officer of the Salvation Army from 1951 to their retirement in 1993. In 1993 Henry Gariepy released their biography, General of God's Army the Authorized Biography of General Eva Burrows.
Early life
Burrows was born on 15 September 1929 in Newcastle. I parents, Robert John Guthrie Burrows and Ella Maria Watson Burrows, were both Salvation Army Officers. The couple had nine children: Dorothy, Joyce, Beverly, Walter, Robert, Bramwell, Elizabeth, Eva and Margaret. With their parents' itinerant life-style Burrows primary schooling was interrupted, they completed their secondary education at Brisbane State High School, where they were selected as a prefect and Head Girl. From the age of seventeen, Burrows attended the University of Queensland and received their Bachelor of Arts in May 1950 with majors in English and History.
Salvation Army
In 1950 Burrows entered The Salvation Army's International Training College in London. They were commissioned as a Salvation Army Officer in 1951. After studying at London University to be a teacher they served at the Howard Institute in Rhodesia from 1952 to 1967, was Principal of the Usher Institute from 1966 to 1970, and served at the International College for Officers, at The Cedars, Sydenham Hill London, from 1970 to 1975, first as Assistant Principal, then as Principal.
They became the leader of the Salvation Army's Social Services for Women in Great Britain in 1975, and leader of the Salvation Army's work in Sri Lanka in 1977. In 1980 they became leader of the Salvation Army's work in Scotland, followed in 1982 as leader of the Salvation Army's work in the Australian Southern Territory. In 1986 they were elected General of the Salvation Army by the slimmest margin in the history of the High Council (22 to 24 on the fourth ballot, a margin of one person's vote). In 1986, at 56, General Burrows became the organization's youngest commander. The Australian-born Eva Burrows was the only woman candidate of seven and was elected by the army's high council to replace the retiring General Jarl Wahlström. During their seven years as the leader of the Salvation Army they proved highly effective, directing operations in some 90 countries and reawakening the Army's founding spirit of evangelism by leading it back into Eastern Europe after the fall of communism. At the end of their term as General, they were extended a further two years because of their excellent record and achievements.
Burrows continued active salvation warfare, having completed a ten-year post on the Board of the International Bible Society (in 2005), and being the international Champion of the Be A Hero campaign, as well as sitting on the Board of Reference of The Salvation Army War College. They wrote A Field For Exploits: Training Leaders For The Salvation Army.
Death
Burrows died aged 85 on 20 March 2015 at the Coppin Centre in Melbourne, Victoria. They were surrounded by loved ones on the day they passed, and two African nurses who were working there sang the Zimbabwe national anthem with them A third nurse tending to them was from Usher, a school they had been principal of in then-Rhodesia.
Honours
In the Australia Day Honours of 1986 Burrows was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) with the citation "In recognition of service to the temporal and spiritual welfare of the community and to social justice as the world leader of the Salvation Army". In 1994 it was upgraded to Companion of the Order of Australia (AC).
In 1988 they became an Honorary Doctor of Liberal Arts at Ewha Womans University in Seoul, and was awarded an Honorary LLD from Asbury University in the USA in 1988. In December 1993, they received an honorary Doctor of Philosophy from their alma mater, the University of Queensland.
On 1 January 2001 Burrows received a Centenary Medal "[f]or service to the Australian community". In the same year they were also inducted to the Victorian Honour Roll of Women.
Burrows was inducted into the Queensland Business Leaders Hall of Fame in 2012.
On Friday 3 July 2015 (AEST), just three months after their death, General Eva Burrows was awarded the highest honour of the Salvation Army posthumously, the "Order of the Founder" in a ceremony at Boundless, in London which celebrated 150 years of the Salvation Army. The award was received by Commissioner Tidd on behalf of the Burrows family.
Appointments and qualifications
References
General
Specific
External links
Biography and Interview from Australian Biography Online
General Eva Burrows, biography at Women's International Center
"Why Help the Poor?" – A condensed version of an address delivered by General Burrows at the opening session of the Third Asia-Pacific Regional Workshop on Banking with the Poor held in Brisbane 21–25 November 1995.
"Celebrating General Eva Burrows"
"General Eva Burrows remembered as inspirational servant of God"
"Live stream of service celebrating the life of General Eva Burrows"
"General Eva Burrows Obituary"
1929 births
2015 deaths
Alumni of the University of London
Australian Salvationists
Companions of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
People from Brisbane
Salvation Army officers
People educated at Brisbane State High School
Vineeth Suresh (born 19 April 1989) popularly known as Hemanth Menon by their stage name, is an Indian actor who predominantly works in Malayalam and Tamil movies.
Career
They made their debut in 2010 with the film Living Together. They have since performed in Doctor Love (2011), Ordinary (2012), Chattakkari, Chapters and Thomson Villa.
Filmography
References
External links
Indian male film actors
Male actors from Kerala
People from Malappuram district
Living people
21st-century Indian male actors
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
1989 births
Zeroscape is a Canadian four-piece reggae metal band based in Toronto, that formed in 2001 on the principle that any and all music genres could "Melt" together. The three genres that are most prominent in Zeroscape's songs are metal, reggae and rap but are not limited to those three. In their upcoming third studio album (yet to be named) there is a ska influence in the album as demonstrated during their 2009 UK Tour with InMe.
On tour
From 2001 until 2003 Zeroscape Played in local spots in and around Toronto. In 2004 Zeroscape started their "Braille" Eastern Canada Tour in support of their first studio album Braille with over thirty shows in the year. In 2005 the members of Zeroscape sold all their belongings, and hit the road on a six-month 98 show Braille European tours that led them through nine countries followed by the 2006–2007 Till Death Do Us tour, and their 2008 Against All Odds tour. In 2009 Zeroscape joined English alternative rock band InMe on their Britain's Got F***ed two-month tour.
According To Swindonmusic.co.uk Zeroscape have played over 400 dates in over 17 countries and shared stages with bands like The Killers, The Hives, Sick of It All, Five Finger Death Punch, In This Moment, Walls of Jericho and played on the Ernie Ball stage during the Warped Tour 2009.
Discography
Braille (2004)
... And If This Is the End I Will (2006)
Friday Night (EP) (2009)
The Funeral (Single) (2009)
Finish Dem (2017)
References
External links
Zeroscape official website
Play.com
Boonsdale Records
Bad Reputation
Musical groups established in 2001
Musical groups from Toronto
Reggae metal musical groups
2001 establishments in Ontario
SAS Mendi (F148) is the last of four s built for the South African Navy by the European South African Corvette Consortium and entered service in March 2007. SAS Mendi was named by Mrs Helena Retief, wife of the (then) Chief of the Navy Vice Admiral Johan Retief.
Construction
Mendi, as with all the Valour-class vessels, was manufactured by the European South African Corvette Consortium (ESACC), consisting of the German Frigate Consortium (Blohm+Voss, Thyssen Rheinstahl and Howaldtswerke Deutsche Werf), African Defence Systems (part of the French Thales defence group) and a number of South African companies.
The ships were built to the MEKO modular design concept, and are designated by the manufacturer as the MEKO A-200SAN class. Some controversy exists as to the class type of the vessel, with both the manufacturer and the South African Navy referring to them as a "corvette", but other similar vessels in other navies being referred to as frigates.
SAS Mendi was built at the Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft shipyards in Kiel, Germany, and arrived in South Africa on 20 September 2004.
Namesake
As with all the other ships of the Valour class, Mendi is named after a famous South African battle or instance of great valour. In this case the sinking of SS Mendi in the English Channel during World War I. On the 23 August 2004, en route from the shipyards to South Africa, SAS Mendi and , a Type 42 destroyer, met at the site where sank and lay wreaths in remembrance of those who died in service for their country
Notable deployments
A deployment to Brazil and Ghana from Aug to Sep 2007
Operation Boniso 2004
Operational Sea Training Phase training with the German Navy
Exercising with the off Cape Point
Conducted Exocet MM 40 missile firings with in 2007
Exercise Red Lion
Exercised with off Cape Town
On 5 September 2008 Mendi led seven of the South African Navy's newest vessels in a Presidential Fleet Review, the first to be held in South Africa since the 75th anniversary of the Navy in 1997.
Since 2011, SAS Mendi has intermittently been deployed on anti-piracy operations in the Mozambique Channel as part of Operation Copper. All four Valour-class frigates, SAS Drakensberg, and two of the SAN's offshore patrol vessels (OPVs) have intermittently spent time on station since the operation began.
Repair and return to operational status
As of 2021 SAS Mendi was reported to be in reasonable shape and was being brought back to operational status through a staged maintenance and repair program. However, it was also reported that there still remained: "much work ahead. As long dormant systems are used again, small kinks and issues will show and must be ironed out”.
References
External links
Photos of F148
Valour class entry at South African Navy website
Ships built in Kiel
Valour-class frigates
2003 ships
Frigates of the South African Navy
Military units and formations in Cape Town
Osmankalfalar, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Derindere is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
The Suicide Club is a 1914 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Montagu Love, Elisabeth Risdon, and Fred Groves. It was based on the 1878 short story cycle of the same name by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Partial cast
Montagu Love as Prince Florizel
Elisabeth Risdon as Zephyrine
Fred Groves as President
M. Gray Murray as Colonel Geraldine
Frederick Culley as Captain Geraldine
References
External links
1914 films
1914 drama films
1910s English-language films
Films based on works by Robert Louis Stevenson
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
British silent feature films
British drama films
British black-and-white films
1910s British films
Silent drama films
Chatfield is a city in Fillmore and Olmsted counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The population was 2,779 at the 2010 census. The city's area is split almost equally between the two counties. Chatfield is known as "The Gateway to Bluff Country" and "The Chosen Valley".
History
The city was named after Judge Andrew G. Chatfield. It was founded in 1853 by Andrew Twiford, and originally served as the Fillmore county seat prior to the county being further divided. The founding population was overwhelmingly from New England. The New Englanders who founded Chatfield built a community that became so successful it was dubbed "the Chosen Valley". During the American Civil War, the Chatfield Guards militia distinguished themselves as Company A of the 2nd Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, and their commander, former engineer and newspaperman Captain (later promoted to Colonel) Judson W. Bishop, later commanded the entire regiment.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . It is also the home of the only stop light in Fillmore County, at the intersection of 3rd Street (Fillmore County Road 2) and Main Street. Chatfield has two waterways within its borders, the North Branch of the Root River and a tributary, Mill Creek.
U.S. Highway 52, State Highway 30, State Highway 74, and Fillmore County Road 2 are four of the main routes in the city.
The North Branch of the Root River flows nearby, and Mill Creek runs through the town. Mill Creek is a designated trout stream.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the census of 2010, there were 2,779 people, 1,092 households, and 741 families living in the city. The population density was . There were 1,174 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 95.1% White, 1.5% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.7% of the population.
There were 1,092 households, of which 38.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.1% were non-families. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.03.
The median age in the city was 36.9 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 26.6% were from 25 to 44; 22% were from 45 to 64; and 16.9% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,394 people, 930 households, and 633 families living in the city. The population density was 1,201.8 people per square mile (464.5/km2). There were 959 housing units at an average density of 481.4 per square mile (186.1/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 98.66% White, 0.46% African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.21% from other races, and 0.29% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.4% of the population.
There were 930 households, out of which 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.3% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.9% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 7.4% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 17.2% from 45 to 64, and 20.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.6 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $44,023, and the median income for a family was $53,625. Males had a median income of $32,174 versus $27,697 for females. The per capita income for the city was $20,145. About 4.9% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.8% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.
Entertainment
On the second weekend of August, the town holds its annual "Western Days".
The Chatfield Brass Band Music Lending Library is a world-class sheet music library dedicated to the preservation and use of sheet music from the brass band era.
The Chatfield Center for the Arts presents live music, visual arts and theater. The Potter Auditorium was renovated in 2016.
The Pope & Young Museum of Bowhunting opened in Chatfield in 2004.
References
External links
www.ci.chatfield.mn.us
www.chatfieldmn.com
Chosen Valley Public Schools
City-data.com
Cities in Fillmore County, Minnesota
Cities in Olmsted County, Minnesota
Cities in Minnesota
Rochester metropolitan area, Minnesota
1853 establishments in Minnesota Territory
Populated places established in 1853
USS Dreadnaught (ID-1951), later YT-534 and YNG-21, was a United States Navy tug that was in service from 1918 to 1944.
Construction, acquisition and commissioning
Dreadnaught was built as a commercial tug of the same name by Union Iron Works at San Francisco, California, in 1917 for the Rolph Navigation and Coal Company of San Francisco. On 17 May 1917, the U.S. Navy purchased them for use during World War I and assigned them the naval registry identification number 1951. After fitting out at Mare Island Navy Yard at Vallejo, California, they were commissioned as USS Dreadnaught (ID-1951) on 31 January 1918.
World War I service
Departing San Francisco on 27 February 1918 towing coal barges, Dreadnaught delivered the barges at Norfolk, Virginia, on 18 April 1918. They then proceeded to New London, Connecticut, where they arrived on 22 April 1918.
Dreadnaught was assigned to Patrol Force, United States Atlantic Fleet, and departed New London on 25 April 1918 to escort a convoy of submarine chasers to the Azores. On their return passage they aided in towing SS Luckenbach from the Azores to Bermuda and then towed the tug from Bermuda to New York City, arriving there on 1 July 1918.
Between 6 September 1918 and 18 October 1918, Dreadnaught again escorted a group of submarine chasers from New London to the Azores and returned to New London. On 24 October 1918, they departed New London with a third convoy to the Azores, then proceeded to Brest, France, as escort for the United States Army tug Cuba. During the voyage, World War I
ended, on 11 November 1918. The two tugs arrived at Brest on 29 November 1918.
Dreadnaught should not be confused with the patrol vessel , which also was in commission during World War I.
Postwar European and Atlantic service
Dreadnaught operated on harbor duty at Brest and towed barges and ships between Brest, Lorient, and Bordeaux, France, until 20 March 1919, when they got underway to escort a convoy of submarine chasers to Lisbon, Portugal, and then on to Bermuda. They returned to Ponta Delgada in the Azores on 11 April 1919 for towing duty in the Azores until 29 July 1919. Towing submarine chasers, they returned to New York City on 19 August 1919. On 30 August 1919, they departed New York City for Norfolk, Virginia, with barges in tow, arriving at Norfolk on 1 September 1919. They then underwent an overhaul at Norfolk.
Service at San Francisco
Dreadnaught left Norfolk on 23 January 1920 bound for the Mare Island Navy Yard in Vallejo, California, where they arrived on 15 March 1920 and began another overhaul. When the U.S. Navy adopted its modern hull number system on 17 July 1920, Dreadnaught was classified as a "harbor tug" and redesignated YT-34. They were assigned to the 12th Naval District for duty in the San Francisco area.
On 14 March 1922, Dreadnaught was decommissioned, but they continued their 12th Naval District duties in the San Francisco area for many years after that in a non-commissioned "in-service" status.
Dreadnaught was reclassified as a "gate tender (non-self propelled)" - an anti-submarine barrier gate craft - and redesignated YNG-21 on 7 October 1940.
Disposal
In September 1944, Dreadnaught was stricken from the Navy List. They reportedly are destroyed sometime thereafter.
References
Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images: Civilian Ships: Dreadnaught (American Tug, 1917). Served as USS Dreadnaught (ID # 1951, later YT-34 and YNG-21) in 1918-1944.
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive YNG-21 ex-YT-34 ex-Dreadnaught (ID 1951)
Auxiliary ships of the United States Navy
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Tugs of the United States Navy
Ships built in San Francisco
1917 ships
Mulbarton is a village and civil parish located south of Norwich in the English county of Norfolk. It covers an area of .
The place-name 'Mulbarton' is first attested in the Domesday Book of 1086, where it appears as Molkebertuna and Molkebertestuna. The name means "outlying dairy farm", the first element being the Old English 'meoluc' meaning 'milk', and the second element the Old English 'beretun' meaning 'barley town or settlement', hence 'farm'.
The population at the 2001 census was 2,827, increasing to 3,521 at the 2011 census.
Facilities include one school (Mulbarton Primary School), an Adnams' public house, The World's End, a social club, two convenience stores (One Stop and Co-op), a church, a fish-and-chip shop, a Chinese takeaway, and an MOT and vehicle repair centre. There is a regular bus service to Norwich. In the centre of the village is a large common, with a pond where many ducks live.
Governance
An electoral ward in the same name exists. This ward stretches north west to Ketteringham with a total population taken at the 2011 census of 5,121.
Sport
The village also has its own non league football club, Mulbarton Wanderers F.C. who currently play in the Eastern Counties Football League at the Mulberry Park ground.
Notable people
Maurice Norman, the former Norwich City, Tottenham Hotspur and England footballer, was born in Mulbarton
Sir Edward Wingfield, a retired civil servant, lived at Mulbarton Hall in the early 1900s.
References
External links
Mulbarton village website
Parish council website
Mulbarton Cricket Club
Mulbarton Primary School
Norfolk Heritage and Explorations - Mulbarton
Villages in Norfolk
Civil parishes in Norfolk
Futuropolis is a 1984 American short animated/stop motion science fiction film written and directed by Steve Segal and Phil Trumbo. The film introduces Tom Campagnoli, Mike Cody, Stan Garth, Catherine Schultz and Cassandra Cossitt in lead roles.
Plot
Space cadets Captain Garth (Stan Garth), Spud (Kirk Condyles), Lieutenant Luna (Catherine Schultz) and Cosmo (Tom Campagnoli) investigate the chaos unleashed by Lord Egghead (Mike Cody)'s "mutation ray."
Cast
Tom Campagnoli as Cosmo
Mike Cody as Egghead
Stan Garth as Captain Garth
Catherine Schultz as Lieutenant Luna
Cassandra Cossitt as 2nd Lieutenant
Kirk Condyles as Spud
Bud Webster as Guard
Mary Pat Jimenez as Dispatcher
Steve Segal as Muctu
Phil Trumbo as Guard
Production
The film is shot at Hoey/Silverman, Monument Avenue Association, Richmond Parks Recreation & Schools, Hollywood Cemetery and Skillygalley Restaurant, while the studios were provided by Alpha Recording Corp. and Science Museum of Virginia. The computer programming was made by Kermit Woodall and Steve Segal using Commodore 64.
Reception
As of November 11, 2002, the film held a score of 7,7 out of 10 by one user on IMDb. Janet Maslin of The New York Times and Peter Reiher also rated this film.
External links
1984 films
American animated short films
1980s science fiction films
American science fiction films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
17 (seventeen) is the natural number following 16 and preceding 18. It is a prime number.
Seventeen is the sum of the first four prime numbers.
In mathematics
17 is the seventh prime number. The next prime is 19, with which it forms a twin prime. It is a cousin prime with 13, and a sexy prime with 11 and 23. It is a permutable prime with 71, and a supersingular prime (as is 71, the largest supersingular prime).
Seventeen can be written in the form and , and as such it is a Leyland prime and Leyland prime of the second kind:
17 = 23 + 32 = 34 - 43.
Seventeen is the third Fermat prime, as it is of the form 2 + 1, specifically with n = 2. Since 17 is a Fermat prime, regular heptadecagons can be constructed with a compass and unmarked ruler. This was proven by Carl Friedrich Gauss
and ultimately led them to choose mathematics over philology for their studies.
There are 17 two-dimensional space (plane symmetry) groups. These are sometimes called wallpaper groups, as they represent the seventeen possible symmetry types that can be used for wallpaper.
There are 17 two-dimensional combinations of regular polygons that completely fill a plane vertex. 11 of these belong to regular and semiregular tilings, while 6 of these (3.7.42, 3.8.24, 3.9.18, 3.10.15, 4.5.20, and 5.5.10) exclusively surround a point in the plane, and fill it only when irregular polygons are included.
There are 17 four-dimensional parallelotopes that are zonotopes. Another 34, or twice 17, are Minkowski sums of zonotopes with the 24-cell, itself the simplest parallelotope that is not a zonotope.
Seventeen is the highest dimension for paracompact Vinberg polytopes of rank n+2, with the lowest belonging to the third.
Like 41, the number 17 is a prime that yields primes in the polynomial n2 + n + p, for all positive n < p − 1.
Either 16 or 18 unit squares can be formed into rectangles with perimeter equal to the area; and there are no other natural numbers with this property. The Platonists regarded this as a sign of their peculiar propriety; and Plutarch notes it when writing that the Pythagoreans "utterly abominate" 17, which "bars them off from each other and disjoins them".
Seventeen is the minimum possible number of givens for a sudoku puzzle with a unique solution. This was long conjectured, and was proved in 2012–14.
There are 17 orthogonal curvilinear coordinate systems (to within a conformal symmetry) in which the three-variable Laplace equation can be solved using the separation of variables technique.
Seventeen is the sixth Mersenne prime exponent, yielding 131071.
Seventeen is the minimum number of vertices on a graph such that, if the edges are coloured with three different colours, there is bound to be a monochromatic triangle. (See Ramsey's theorem.)
A positive definite quadratic integer matrix represents all primes when it contains at least the set of 17 numbers: {2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, 47, 67, 73}. Only four prime numbers up to 73 are not part of the set.
Seventeen is the only prime number which is the sum of four consecutive primes (2,3,5,7). Any other four consecutive primes summed would always produce an even number, thereby divisible by 2 and so not prime.
The sequence of residues (mod n) of a googol and googolplex, for n = 1, 2, 3, ..., agree up until n = 17.
In science
The atomic number of chlorine.
The Brodmann area defining the primary visual processing area of mammalian brains.
Group 17 of the periodic table is called the halogens.
The number of elementary particles with unique names in the Standard Model of physics.
In languages
Grammar
In Catalan, 17 is the first compound number (disset). The numbers 11 (onze) through 16 (setze) have their own names.
In French, 17 is the first compound number (dix-sept). The numbers 11 (onze) through 16 (seize) have their own names.
In Italian, 17 is also the first compound number (diciassette), whereas sixteen is sedici.
Age 17
In most countries across the world, it is the last age at which one is considered a minor under law.
In the UK, the minimum age for taking driving lessons, and to drive a car or a van
In the US and Canada, it is the age at which one may purchase, rent, or reserve M-rated video games without parental consent
In some US states, and some jurisdictions around the world, 17 is the age of sexual consent
In most US states, Canada and in the UK, the age at which one may donate blood (without parental consent)
In many countries and jurisdictions, the age at which one may obtain a driver's license
In the US, the age at which one may watch, rent, or purchase R-rated movies without parental consent
The U.S. TV Parental Guidelines system sets 17 as the minimum age one can watch programs with a TV-MA rating without parental guidance.
In the US, the age at which one can enlist in the armed forces with parental consent
In the US, the age at which one can apply for a private pilot licence for powered flight (however, applicants can obtain a student pilot certificate at age 16)
In Greece and Indonesia, the voting age
In Chile and Indonesia, the minimum driving age.
In Tajikistan, North Korea and Timor-Leste, the age of majority
In culture
Music
Bands
17 Hippies, a German band
Seventeen (), a South Korean boy band
Heaven 17, an English new wave band
East 17, an English boy band
Albums
17 (XXXTentacion album)
17 (Motel album)
17 (Ricky Martin album)
Chicago 17, a 1984 album by Chicago
Seventeen Days, a 2005 album by 3 Doors Down
Seventeen Seconds, a 1980 album by The Cure
17 Carats, a 2015 EP by Seventeen
Songs
"17 Again", a song by Tide Lines
"17" (Sky Ferreira song)
"17" (Yourcodenameis:Milo song)
"17 Again", a song by Eurythmics
"17 år", a song by Veronica Maggio
"17 Crimes", a song by AFI
"17 Days", a song by Prince
"17", a song by Dan Bălan
"17", a song by Jethro Tull
"17", a song by Kings of Leon
"17", a song by Milburn
"17", a song by Rick James from Reflections
"17", a B-side by Shiina Ringo on the "Tsumi to Batsu" single
"17", a song by The Smashing Pumpkins from the album Adore
"17", a song by Youth Lagoon from the album The Year of Hibernation
"17 Days", a song by Prince & the Revolution, B side from the 1984 "When Doves Cry" single
"Seventeen" (Jet song)
"Seventeen" (Ladytron song)
"Seventeen" (Winger song)
"Seventeen", a song by ¡Forward, Russia! from Give Me a Wall
"Seventeen", a song by Jimmy Eat World from Static Prevails
"Seventeen", a song by Marina & the Diamonds from the US edition of The Family Jewels
"Seventeen", a song by Mat Kearney from the iTunes edition of Young Love
"Seventeen", a song from the Repo! The Genetic Opera soundtrack
"Seventeen", the original title of the song "I Saw Them Standing There" by The Beatles
"Seventeen", a song by the Sex Pistols from Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols
"Seventeen Forever", a song by Metro Station
"At Seventeen", a song by Janis Ian
"Edge of Seventeen", a song by Stevie Nicks
"Seventeen Ain't So Sweet", a song by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus from Don't You Fake It
"Only 17", a song by Rucka Rucka Ali
"Opus 17 (Don't You Worry 'Bout Me)", a song by Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons
"(She's) Sexy + 17", a song by Stray Cats from Rant N' Rave with the Stray Cats
"Hello, Seventeen", a song by 12012
"Section 17 (Suitcase Calling)", a song by The Polyphonic Spree
"Day Seventeen: Accident?", a song by Ayreon
"Seventeen", a song by Alessia Cara
"Seventeen", a song performed by Marina and the Diamonds
"Seventeen" and "Seventeen (Reprise)", songs in the musical Heathers
"Seventeen" and "Seventeen (Reprise)", songs in the musical Tuck Everlasting
Other
Seventeen, a 1951 American musical
The ratio 18:17 was a popular approximation for the equal tempered semitone during the Renaissance
Film
Seventeen (1916), an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Booth Tarkington
Number 17 (1928), a British-German film
Number Seventeen (1932), directed by Alfred Hitchcock
Seventeen (1940), a second adaptation of the Tarkington novel
Number 17 (1949), a Swedish film
Stalag 17 (1953), directed by Billy Wilder
Try Seventeen (2002), directed by Jeffrey Porter
17 Again (2009), directed by Burr Steers
Anime and manga
Android 17, a character from the Dragon Ball series
Detective Konawaka from the Paprika anime has a strong dislike for the number 17
Games
The computer game Half-Life 2 takes place in and around City 17
The visual novel Ever 17: The Out of Infinity strongly revolves around the number 17
Print
The title of Seventeen, a magazine
The title of Just Seventeen, a former magazine
The number 17 is a recurring theme in the works of novelist Steven Brust. All of their chaptered novels have either 17 chapters or two books of 17 chapters each. Multiples of 17 frequently appear in their novels set in the fantasy world of Dragaera, where the number is considered holy.
In The Illuminatus! Trilogy, the symbol for Discordianism includes a pyramid with 17 steps because 17 has "virtually no interesting geometric, arithmetic, or mystical qualities". However, for the Illuminati, 17 is tied with the "23/17 phenomenon".
In the Harry Potter universe
17 is the coming of age for wizards. It is equivalent to the usual coming of age at 18
17 is the number of Sickles in one Galleon in the British wizards' currency
Religion
According to Plutarch's Moralia, the Egyptians have a legend that the end of Osiris' life came on the seventeenth of a month, on which day it is quite evident to the eye that the period of the full moon is over. Now, because of this, the Pythagoreans call this day "the Barrier", and utterly abominate this number. For the number seventeen, coming in between the square sixteen and the oblong rectangle eighteen, which, as it happens, are the only plane figures that have their perimeters equal their areas, bars them off from each other and disjoins them, and breaks up the epogdoon by its division into unequal intervals.
In the Yasna of Zoroastrianism, seventeen chapters were written by Zoroaster himself. These are the Gathas.
The number of the raka'ahs that Muslims perform during Salat on a daily basis.
The number of surat al-Isra in the Qur'an.
In sports
17 is the number of the longest winning streak in NHL history, which the Pittsburgh Penguins achieved in 1993.
Larry Ellison's victorious 2013 Americas Cup Oracle racing yacht bears the name "17".
17 is the number of the record for most NBA championships in NBA History, which the Boston Celtics (and as of 2020, the Los Angeles Lakers) achieved.
17 is the number of individual laws mentioned in the Laws of the Game (association football).
17 is the number of games played by each NFL team as of 2021.
Since the start of the 2014 season, Formula One drivers have been able to choose their own car number, however, following the fatal accident of Jules Bianchi, who drove car #17, the number was retired.
In other fields
Seventeen is:
Described at MIT as 'the least random number', according to the Jargon File. This is supposedly because in a study where respondents were asked to choose a random number from 1 to 20, 17 was the most common choice.
This study has been repeated a number of times.
The number of guns in a 17-gun salute to U.S. Army, Air Force and Marine Corps Generals, and Navy and Coast Guard admirals.
The number of flames emanating from the grenade cap-badge of the Grenadier Guards.
During World War II, the four-engined heavy bomber as flown by the USAAF and other Allies and known as "The Flying Fortress", was also known as the B-17
The maximum number of strokes of a Chinese radical
The number of syllables in a haiku (5 + 7 + 5)
In the Nordic countries the seventeenth day of the year is considered the heart and/or the back of winter
"Highway 17" or "Route 17": See List of highways numbered 17 and List of public transport routes numbered 17
Seventeen, also known as Lock Seventeen, an unincorporated place in Clay Township, Tuscarawas County, Ohio
Seventeen was the former name of a yacht prior to being commissioned in the US Navy as the
In Italian culture, the number 17 is considered unlucky. When viewed as the Roman numeral, XVII, it is then changed anagrammatically to VIXI, which in the Latin language translates to "I lived", the perfect implying "My life is over." (c.f. "Vixerunt", Cicero's famous announcement of an execution.) Renault sold its "R17" model in Italy as "R177". See Cesana Pariol in the sport section about the name of curve 17.
The fear of the number 17 is called 'heptadecaphobia' or 'heptakaidekaphobia'
Some species of cicadas have a life cycle of 17 years (i.e. they are buried in the ground for 17 years between every mating season)
The number of special significance to Yellow Pig's Day and Hampshire College Summer Studies in Mathematics
The number to call police in France
Force 17, a special operations unit of the Palestinian Fatah movement
The number of the French department Charente-Maritime
The declared percentage alcohol content (by volume) of Baileys Irish Cream, an Irish whiskey and cream based liqueur made by Gilbeys of Ireland
The flight number of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 which was shot down on 17 July 2014 with first test flight of plane is on 17 July 1997 exactly 17 years.
The record number of concerts performed in a single year at Madison Square Garden by the band Phish in 2017
The number of deaths and injured people on February 14, 2018, shooting at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting.
References
External links
Properties of 17
Mathematical properties of 17 at yellowpigs.net
17
is 17 the most random number at the wayback machine.
Number 17 at the Database of Number Correlations
Prime Curios for the number 17
Integers
Operation Desert Scorpion may refer to:
Operation Desert Scorpion (Iraq 1998), an unperformed military operation in 1998
Operation Desert Scorpion (Iraq 2003), a military operation launched during the 2003 invasion of Iraq
Jet is the second album by the Welsh musician Katell Keineg, released in 1997. Jet was often written about in the context of adult album alternative albums by female musicians in the 1990s.
The first single was "One Hell of a Life", which was a hit on AAA radio. Keineg supported the album with a North American tour.
Production
The album was produced by Keineg, Eric Drew Feldman, and John Holbrook. Keineg used lyre, hand drums, tamboura, and bouzouki on Jet. "Leonor", about Leonor Fini, used lyrics that were repurposed from an obituary of the artist.
Critical reception
Salon wrote: "Given Keineg's talent for simple, acoustic songs, it's a shame that the band must play on—and then be remixed and reverbed and regurgitated until their lyrics are almost squelched of their soul." Spin determined that "the ember glow of Keineg's voice seduces in quiet gems." The Province thought that "Keineg's literate, worldly point of view is admirably matched musically by the aural landscapes and rhythm tracks."
The Los Angeles Daily News stated that Keineg "leaves the Celtic-inspired mysticism of their 1994 debut for a conventional rock 'n' roll sheen." The Atlanta Journal-Constitution deemed the album "the kind of dreamy pop you figured people forgot how to make after the 1960s." The Vancouver Sun concluded: "Part Zeppelin-esque rock, part languid whisper, Jet layers the sensibilities of a Bryan Ferry over PJ Harvey over Edith Piaf over Tom Waits."
AllMusic noted that "unexpected musical twists and turns and Keineg's lovely, breathy vocals make it difficult for the listener not to be drawn into this work." The Encyclopedia of Popular Music called Jet "an off-beat classic." The New York Times included the album on its list of notable "underheard" albums of 1997.
Track listing
References
1997 albums
Elektra Records albums
Meg Onli (born December 12, 1983) is an African-American art curator and writer.  They are currently the Andrea B. Laporte Associate Curator at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Them curatorial work primarily revolves around the black experience, language, and constructions of power and space. Them writing has been published in Art21, Daily Serving, and Art Papers.
Education
Meg Onli, was born on December 12, 1983 and raised in Los Angeles, California. They received their Bachelor of Fine Arts with an emphasis in photography and a minor in Art History at School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2008. They later participated in the AICA Art Writing Workshop in 2012 and received their Master's degree in art history from the Courtauld Institute of Art in 2014.
Early work
From 2006 to 2010, Onli was the associate producer of the Chicago-based art and culture podcast and blog "Bad at Sports," an online blog and podcast where writers and artists discuss different contemporary artists, exhibitions, and artworks that shape the present and future of art.
In 2010, Onli founded the "Black Visual Archive" which was a collection of online documents and reviews of contemporary black and post-black visual culture based in Chicago, IL. The archive consisted of articles, reviews, and interviews that surveyed the works of Chicago-based artists such as Kerry James Marshall, Theater Gates, etc., and hosted a collection of writings that discussed the work of black artists and cultural workers throughout history.
Onli later served as the Program Coordinator at the Graham Foundation for Advanced Studies in the Fine Arts located in Chicago, IL. At the Graham Foundation, they assisted in the showcasing of the “Architecture of Independence: African Modernism” at the Graham Foundation space. Originated by the Vitra Design Museum and curated by Manuel Herz, "Architecture of Independence: African Modernism” was an exploration of the complex history and legacy of modernist architecture in sub-Saharan Africa during the 1960s and 1970s. At the Graham Foundation, Onli also assisted in the showcasing of the first “Barbara Kasten: Stages” project installation (2016-2017). Originated and curated by Curator Alex Klein, the “Barbara Kasten: Stages” project exhibition showcased Barbara Kasten's five-decade engagement with abstraction, light, and architectural form.
Current work and contributions to Philadelphia's Institute of Contemporary Art
Onli is currently serving as Andrea B. Laporte Associate Curator at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Philadelphia.  They are the first black woman to serve as curator at Philadelphia's Institute of Contemporary Art. Exhibitions they curated include “Speech/Acts” (2017) and all three chapters of “Colored People Time: Mundane Futures, Quotidian Pasts, and Banal Presents” (2019).
“Speech/Acts” (2017)
“Speech/Acts” (2017) was an exhibition program series that explored how the social and cultural constructs of language have shaped black experiences. Consisting of poetry and visual works, the exhibit showcased new and recent artworks from emerging artists Jibade-Khalil Hu man, Steffani Jemison, Tony Lewis, Tiona Nekkia McClodden, Kameelah Janan Rasheed, and Martine Syms. “Speech/Acts” (2017) also hosted special programs and reading room spotlighting writings of poets Claudia Rankine, Morgan Parker, and Simone White, among others. The Speech/Acts reading group met over six Saturday afternoons in the fall discussing listed syllabus texts and exploring what the writings illuminated and provoked. In addition to the exhibition, a fully illustrated catalog, co-published with Futurepoem, was released featuring reprints of seminal texts by Fred Moten and Harryette Mullen, newly commissioned poetry by Morgan Parker and Simone White, and an essay by Meg Onli.
“Colored People Time: Mundane Futures, Quotidian Pasts, and Banal Presents” (2019)
“Colored People Time: Mundane Futures, Quotidian Pasts, and Banal Presents” (2019) was a three-chapter series that explored the impact of colonialism and slavery on blackness in the past, present and the future. The series of exhibitions featured works by Martine Syms, Cameron Rowland, Carolyn Lazard, Sable Elyse Smith, Kevin Jerome Everson, Dave McKenzie, Aria Dean, Matthew Angelo Harrison, with historical texts from the Black Panther Party, Sutton E. Griggs, and the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology.
“Colored People Time” (2019) was staged in three consecutive exhibitions. The first installment titled “Mundane Futures” featuring installations by Martine Syms whose work focused the subject of black futures as one inevitably tied the past of slavery and colonialism. In the second presentation, “Quotidian Pasts,” artist Matthew Angelo Harrison collaborated with both the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology and Monique Renee Scott, a specialist in the display of artifacts from the African diaspora, to stage an exhibition addressing the complexities of collecting and displaying objects acquired by way of colonialism. The final exhibition, “Banal Presents,” showcased the work of Sable Elyse Smith, Cameron Rowland, and Carolyn Lazard, interpreting how the ideas from the previous two installations exist within the present moment. A publication features written responses to the exhibition, along with a republishing of Syms' Manifesto.
Recognition
Onli has received the following fellowships and awards:
Art Writers Grant from the Creative Capital and Warhol Foundation (2013)
Graham Foundation Individual Research Grant from the Graham Foundation (2014)
Transformation Award from the Leeway Foundation (2018)
Curatorial Fellowship from the Warhol Foundation (2018)
Figure Skating Prize (2021)
References
American art curators
1983 births
Living people
American women curators
Mary Virginia Duval (1850-1930) was an American textbook author, they were born in Rome, Georgia to James Calvin Duval and Almeda Melita.
They were raised in Mississippi and educated in private schools. When they began teaching, they learned that most students learned U.S. history, but not the history of Mississippi and sought to remedy that. Them publications, including The Students' History of Mississippi (1886) and History of Mississippi and Civil Government (1892) were subsequently added to the state's curriculum in 1890.
References
19th-century American writers
1850 births
1930 deaths
Kateryna Kozlova was the defending champion, but chose to participate at the 2018 Wimbledon Championships instead.
Dayana Yastremska won the title, defeating Anastasia Potapova in the final, 6–1, 6–0.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Torneo Internazionale Femminile Antico Tiro a Volo - Singles
Nemanja Kojić may refer to:
Nemanja Kojić (footballer) (born 1990), Serbian footballer who plays as a striker
Nemanja Kojić (musician) (born 1975), Serbian musician better known by their stage name Hornsman Coyote (or Kojot)
Nemanja Kojić (runner) (born 1994), Serbian middle-distance track athlete who specializes in the 800 metres
Charles Clemson Percy Danby (1858 – 7 September 1906) was a British actor, singer and comedian of the late Victorian era who regularly appeared at the Gaiety Theatre in London. During their career they made 37 tours of the United States and three of Australia.
Early life and first marriage
Danby was born in Newport, Monmouth, Wales, the son of Susan née Hickman and Charles Danby, an architect. On the 1881 Census they are listed as an "Actor Comedian". On 16 January 1882 they married Frances "Fanny" David (1859–after 1918) at the church of St John the Evangelist in Leeds, Yorkshire. Their son was Charles David Danby MC (1887–1918) who was killed in a flying accident having served as a captain in the RFC during World War I. Fanny began divorce proceedings against them in 1890, gaining a decree absolute in 1892 on account of their physical cruelty to them and their adultery with various women throughout their marriage, including the actor Florence Levey, with whose parents they were residing in 1891.
Career
Their first success on the London stage was as Morel in Monte Cristo Jr. at the Gaiety Theatre (1886) and in a tour of Australia in 1888/9 and the United States in 1889; they played Captain Sneak in a revival of Alfred Cellier's The Sultan of Mocha (1887); Don Salluste in Ruy Blas and the Blasé Roué at the Gaiety Theatre (1889); Valentine in Faust up to Date in an American tour with the Gaiety Company (1890); Jacques Darc in the burlesque Joan of Arc at the Opera Comique (1891); Sir Ludgate Hill in Cinder Ellen up too Late at the Gaiety Theatre (1891); Squire Higgins in Morocco Bound at the Shaftesbury Theatre (1893), a role they played over 500 times; Roberts in The Lady Slavey at the Royal Avenue Theatre (1894) of which The critic for The Sketch wrote, "Mr. Charles Danby's dictionary probably does not contain the word "subtlety", yet their vast energy and broad sense of humour are far more useful, and certainly, whatever you may think of the means they use, they are one of the funniest players in their line" and after at the Casino Theatre in New York (1896); they were Blueskin opposite Ellaline Terriss as Winifred and their then mistress Florence Levey as Polly Stanmore in a revival of Little Jack Sheppard at the Gaiety Theatre (1894); and Griffard in The Cadet Girl at the Herald Square Theatre on Broadway (1900).
In 1893 they were initiated as a Freemason into The Eccentric Lodge No. 2488.
On the arrest of Oscar Wilde for sodomy in 1895 it was a telegram from Danby that the Marquess of Queensbury proudly flourished which read, "Hearty Congratulations".
Much of Danby's career was spent in the United States, which they toured 37 times, and it was here that they met their second wife, Alexia Bassian (1876–1948), an Armenian soprano, who they married on 26 February 1899 (shortly after midnight February 15, 1899) in Norfolk, Virginia, in the Ladies Palor of The Monticello Hotel. They returned with them to the United Kingdom. In 1899 Danby and their new wife appeared together in an American tour of The Geisha in the roles of Juliette Diamant and Captain Wun-Hi.
In 1905 their wife Alexia Bassian Danby made a seven-month tour of Australia for J. C. Williamson in the principal soprano roles in several of the works of Gilbert and Sullivan, including Josephine in H.M.S. Pinafore. Apparently, Danby had not been booked for the tour but Williamson allowed them to play the Bosun's mate in Pinafore and the Sergeant of Police in The Pirates of Penzance. A witness writing in The Bulletin in 1925 recalled Danby's "performance was funny in a way, but I doubt if Gilbert had recognised their lines or Sullivan their music. Poor Charlie did not last long."
On returning to the United Kingdom from Australia Danby discovered that they had developed cancer of the jaw, their life being only prolonged by surgical operations. Their wife Alexia gave up their own career to nurse them during their last months and weeks at which time the couple were supported by a benefit organised by their old theatrical colleagues.
Danby died in Paddington, London, in 1906 aged 49. In 1929 their widow, by now a singer and teacher, returned to the United States.
References
External links
1858 births
1906 deaths
People from Newport, Wales
British Freemasons
Welsh male musical theatre actors
19th-century Welsh male actors
20th-century Welsh male actors
Welsh male stage actors
19th-century British male musicians
Fish soup bee hoon, also known as fish head bee hoon, is a Singaporean soup-based seafood dish served hot usually with bee hoon. The dish is viewed as a healthy food by Singaporeans. Catherine Ling of CNN listed fish soup bee hoon as one of the "40 Singapore foods we can't live without".
History
Fish soup bee hoon has been available since at least the 1920s; one source credits Swee Kee Fish Head Noodle House with creating the "definitive version" of the dish in the 1970s.
Ingredients
Snakeheads are most commonly used for fish soup bee hoon. Other stalls may offer pomfret, batang. or garoupa. While fish heads or the whole fish may be used, some diners prefer having just fish slices. The fish soup is made out of either fish stock or actual bones, water, oil, yam, and milk, with vegetables and select fruits.
The noodle in the soup is often bee hoon, although a healthier alternative except for irritable bowel syndrome sufferers would be spaghetti made from brown rice. Another noodle variant would be fried noodles. Additional ingredients include eggs, anchovies, pepper, salt, and alcoholic products such as brandy, Chinese wine, or cognac, chilli slices, fried shallots, and fish roe. For the vegetarian version of the dish, fish meat is substituted with tofu.
Preparation
The fish is boiled and added to a bowl of fish soup. The fish may also be fried. The soup is boiled for about twenty minutes, though a broth made from fish or pork bones boiled for several hours is sometimes used as a base. The dish is served hot.
Culture
Grace Chen of The Star writes that fish soup bee hoon is "to Singaporeans what the char kway teow is to Penangites". Catherine Ling of CNN describes fish soup bee hoon as one of the "40 Singapore foods we can't live without". Jin Hua Fish Head Bee Hoon was named the best fish soup bee hoon store in Singapore by Time Out Singapore in 2012.
See also
List of soups
Notes
References
Bibliography
Fish and seafood soups
Singaporean cuisine
The Alba AR2 was a Group C junior sports car prototype, designed, developed and built by Italian manufacturer Alba Engineering in 1983, and used in sports car racing until 1995.
Development history and technology
Alba Engineering was founded in 1983 by Giorgio Stirano, who had worked for Osella as a chassis engineer for many years. In the same year, they were commissioned by wealthy Italian racing driver and industrialist Martino Finotto to design and build two racing cars for the new Group C junior class. Finotto wanted to use the cars together with their friend Carlo Facetti in the sports car world championship. Two carbon fiber reinforced plastic monocoques were created under the direction of Stirano. The engine was developed in the CARMA company run by Finotto and Facetti. The 4-cylinder turbo engine, that initially made 410 hp. Since the FIA only allowed engine manufacturers to register with it in the world championship, which CARMA was not, a contract was quickly concluded with Giannini Automobili and the engine was given the name Giannini Carma FF in 1984.
Since the AR2 was well above the weight limit in 1984, the chassis was revised in early 1985. The vehicles received bodies made of synthetic resin reinforced with aramid and carbon fibers and new chassis parts made of titanium. The amazingly stable engine was also improved and made 338 kW (460 hp) in 1985. The cars were used by the Italian Jolly Club team, which was closely connected to Finotto.
Racing History
1983
After the Jolly Club AR2 was registered for the 1000 km race in Monza, but could not yet be used for technical reasons - Finotto and Facetti then drove the works Osella PA9 together with Carlo Franchi in this race - that was the case Race debut at the Silverstone 1000 km race. The first outing ended with a superior class victory for Finotto and Facetti. The much faster Group C cars were down by more than 10 seconds per lap, but the car proved fast and stable. However, in the C-Junior class alongside the AR2 with the Mazda 717C by Yōjirō Terada and Peter Lovett and a Harrier RX83C, only two other racers were reported, the latter not even starting.
The race on the Nordschleife of the Nürburgring also ended with a clear class win. At the most important long-distance race of the year, the Le Mans 24-hour race, there was no finish line. After 158 laps – the third driver was the Swiss Marco Vanoli alongside Finotto and Facetti – broken chassis parts were found during a pit stop and the racing car was taken out of the race.
After another retirement at the 1000 km race at Spa-Francorchamps, this time due to engine failure, Finotto and Facetti celebrated a superior class win with tenth place overall at the 1000 km race at Brands Hatch. After another class victory at the Fuji 1000 km race, the second chassis, which has since been completed, was also used at the Imola 1000 km race. This car drove in Imola Fulvio Ballabio and Guido Daccò. Both cars failed; Facetti/Finotto's AR2 had an electrical fault, and Ballabio and Daccò retired due to engine failure.
After the failure of Facetti, Finotto, and Daccò at the Mugello 1000 km race, a 12th place in the final and another class victory at the last race of the season, the Kyalami 1000 km race, was enough to win the world championship in group C -Junior class. The third driver next to Facetti and Finotto in this race was the Italian Massimo Faraci.
1984
In 1984, the Jolly Club team consistently used both chassis in the sports car world championship, in which class C-Junior became class C2. At the first race of the year, the 1000 km race of Monza, Facetti, and Finotto (chassis 002) had to compete behind Jim Busby and Rick Knoop in the Lola T616 and Ray Mallock, Mike Wilds and David Duffield on an Ecosse C284 be content with third place in the class, which also corresponded to eleventh place overall.
Although the competition in the small Group C class was much higher than in the previous year, the team and thus the manufacturer Alba secured the world championship title again. Outstanding results were achieved in the Mosport 1000 km race. Guido Daccò and Almo Coppelli finished third overall, behind the works Porsche of Jacky Ickx and Jochen Mass and another Porsche 956 driven by David Hobbs, Rupert Keegan, and Franz Konrad. Carlo Facetti, Martino Finotto, and Alfredo Sebastini finished the race in sixth place overall.
1985-1995
From 1985, the successor models AR3, AR4, AR5, and AR6 were used in international sports car races and the AR2 made fewer appearances. Class victories could no longer be achieved with the racing car type. The best result in 1985 was eighth place overall by Facetti, Finotto, and Daccò at the Mugello 1000 km race.
In late 1985 a third chassis was identified, given chassis number 004, and sold to the United States. This car had several team owners and was largely unsuccessful in racing in North America. The best placement was second place by Giampiero Moretti at the IMSA Light Race in Miami in 1986. Their last race was an AR2 at the 3-hour race at Mosport in 1995, where Guido Daccò finished 23rd overall with Canadian Uli Bieri.
References
Le Mans Prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Ford vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-engined cars
Sports prototypes
Cars introduced in 1983
Cars of Italy
Group C cars
IMSA GTP cars
The Hawk (foaled 1918) was an exceptional New Zealand bred Thoroughbred racehorse. They had 136 race starts, winning top quality races in both New Zealand and Australia, and set Australasian records for six and eight furlongs. In an exceptional career they won over all distances from 4 furlongs to 12 furlongs and their last race was as a rising 13-year-old.
Breeding
They were by the good racehorse and great sire, Martian out of the unraced, Sparrow Hawk (GB) by Land League. Sparrow Hawk was the dam of only two foals, of which only The Hawk was named and raced. The Hawk was purchased as a yearling for 350 guineas by W.J. Douglas and, on their death in 1922, was sold to New Zealand trainer J.M. Cameron for 700 guineas.
Racing record
They won six of their ten races as a two-year-old and broke the Australasian record for six furlongs as a three-year-old in winning the Waterloo Stakes.
As a five-year-old The Hawk had their first season racing in Australia where their wins included the Hill Stakes, St George Stakes, Futurity Stakes, Essendon Stakes and C M Lloyd Stakes. At aged six they continued their Australian campaign winning the Caulfield Stakes, Challenge Stakes, St George Stakes, Essendon Stakes, Rawson Stakes and All Aged Stakes.
In the autumn of 1925 they returned to New Zealand to meet the great old champion Gloaming (then rising ten years old) in a match race in the Hawke's Bay J.D. Ormond Memorial Gold Cup at Hastings. The event attracted many thousands of spectators to the Hastings Racecourse where, in the run to the line, Gloaming lengthened their stride to pass The Hawk and win by a length in record time.
The Hawk continued racing in New Zealand until the age of 13. Their wins during their later years included the 1927 WRC Metropolitan Handicap, the 1927 and 1928 Taranaki Stakes, and the 1930 Taranaki Cup when aged 11. At age 12 they won their thirty-first, and last race in the Dannevirke Cup.
References
External links
The Hawk's pedigree
1918 racehorse births
Racehorses trained in Australia
Racehorses bred in New Zealand
Racehorses trained in New Zealand
Thoroughbred family 25
Alf Shea (November 7, 1898 – May 21, 1969) was a Welsh cricketer. They were a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Glamorgan. They were born in Briton Ferry and died in Neath.
Shea played their club cricket with Briton Ferry and secured their chance to play two games for Glamorgan in 1928. They scored 22 runs in three innings and took just one wicket from 41 overs of bowling.
Shea's nephew, Dennis, made three first-class appearances for Glamorgan soon after the end of the Second World War.
External links
Alf Shea at Cricket Archive
1898 births
1969 deaths
Cricketers from Briton Ferry
Welsh cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
Lady Elizabeth Sarah Lavinia McCorquodale (née Spencer; born 19 March 1955) is one of the two older sisters of Diana, Princess of Wales, the other being Jane Fellowes, Baroness Fellowes.
Early life
Elizabeth Sarah Lavinia Spencer was born with the honorific "The Honourable"; they acquired the courtesy title "Lady" in 1975, when their grandfather died and their father became the 8th Earl Spencer. They suffered from the eating disorder anorexia nervosa in their early twenties. They were educated firstly at Riddlesworth Hall School in Norfolk and secondly at West Heath boarding school near Sevenoaks in Kent. After passing O Level exams, they left West Heath to work in London.
Family
Sarah married Neil Edmund McCorquodale (born 4 October 1951), son of Alastair McCorquodale and Rosemary Sybil Turnor, on 17 May 1980 in Northamptonshire, England. Neil is a 2nd cousin once removed of Lady Sarah's stepmother, Raine Spencer.
Neil and Lady Sarah McCorquodale have three children:
Emily Jane McCorquodale (2 July 1983); they married James T. R. Hutt on 9 June 2012. They have two children:
Isabella Rosemary Hutt (18 June 2014)
Henry George Thomas Hutt (25 March 2016)
George Edmund McCorquodale (17 November 1984); they married Bianca Moore, daughter of Gavin Moore, on 6 August 2016 in South Africa.
Sybil McCorquodale (12 May 2017)
Molly McCorquodale (31 January 2020)
Joseph McCorquodale (30 March 2022)
Celia Rose McCorquodale (1989); they married George Woodhouse on 16 June 2018 at St Andrew and St Mary's Church, Stoke Rochford, Lincolnshire, England. For their wedding, Celia wore the Spencer Tiara, which their mother and aunts Jane and Diana wore on their wedding days.
Walter George Spencer Woodhouse (27 November 2020)
Career
They and their family reside near Grantham, Lincolnshire where they served a one-year term as High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 2009. They became a master of the Belvoir Hunt in May 2010. Lady Sarah was also president of the Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund, which raised £100 million for various charities. The Fund unsuccessfully took legal action in 1998 against the Franklin Mint over the unlicensed use of Diana's image. The Fund closed at the end of 2012.
Relationships
Diana, Princess of Wales
In 1977, Sarah's relationship with Prince Charles led to the first meeting between Diana and their future husband. Sarah later commented on their sister's marriage saying: "I introduced them. I'm Cupid." During the period in which Sarah dated the Prince, they allegedly met two reporters, James Whittaker and Nigel Nelson, at a restaurant and gave them an exclusive report on their royal connection.
Sarah is said to have admitted to having been diagnosed with anorexia, having "thousands of boyfriends," a past problem involving alcohol, and that they had started keeping a scrapbook of all the press clippings about their royal romance that they intended to "show" future grandchildren. "Her head seemed to be turned by the publicity," the two reporters later said. Sarah also declared that they would not marry Charles "if they were the dustman or the King of England." When the article was released, Sarah showed it to the prince, who was infuriated by it. The relationship dissolved soon after that. Some have stated the relationship between them and Diana was strained, because of their long resentment of the Prince marrying Diana and not her, though others (including Diana's biographer Andrew Morton) have said Sarah was one of the few people Diana trusted. Later in their lives, Sarah often accompanied Diana on official visits as one of their ladies-in-waiting.
Upon the death of Diana on 31 August 1997, Sarah flew to Paris with their younger sister, Jane, and Prince Charles to accompany Diana's body back to England. They contributed to the readings at Diana's funeral. They were co-executor of Diana's will and was president of the Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund. Sarah attended the wedding of their nephew Prince William to Catherine Middleton on 29 April 2011. It is said that William and Catherine are close to Lady Sarah, with whom they spent a weekend on the 16th anniversary of Diana's death. Sarah also attended the wedding of their other nephew Prince Harry to Meghan Markle on 19 May 2018.
Friends
In 2018, Sarah spoke publicly in support of George Grant, an employee of Belvoir Hunt whom they had known for 27 years, after they assaulted foxhunt saboteurs. Grant, along with their son and other men, assaulted the hunt saboteurs who were affiliated with the League Against Cruel Sports. Sarah, who served as joint master of the Belvoir Hunt, claimed that Grant's actions were out of character.
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
External links
Lady Sarah McCorquodale picture Lady Sarah McCorquodale leaving the high court at their sisters (Diana, Princess of Wales) inquest.
Lady Sarah McCorquodale photo The Princess Royal and Lady Sarah McCorquodale during the prize giving ceremony at Burghley Horse Trials.
1955 births
Living people
Sarah McCorquodale
British ladies-in-waiting
Daughters of British earls
Place of birth missing (living people)
High Sheriffs of Lincolnshire
People from Stoke Rochford
The 2003 Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island in the United States and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from July 7 through July 13, 2003.
Finals
Singles
Robby Ginepri defeated Jürgen Melzer 6–4, 6–7(3–7), 6–1
It was Ginepri's only title of the year and the 1st of their career.
Doubles
Jordan Kerr / David Macpherson defeated Julian Knowle / Jürgen Melzer 7–6(7–4), 6–3
It was Kerr's only title of the year and the 1st of their career. It was Macpherson's only title of the year and the 16th of their career.
References
External links
ATP tournament profile
Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships
Hall of Fame Open
Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships
Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships
Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships
Emslie's vulture (Cathartes emsliei) is an extinct species of vulture in the family Cathartidae. It is only known from a series of fossils found in western Cuba. The fossils were primarily found in caves or Quaternary asphault deposits. It is significantly smaller than the extant C. aura. It likely became extinct during the Holocene following the extinction of Cuban Pleistocene megafauna whose bodies it would have fed on, coupled with the loss of the open savannas it would have inhabited.
Both its common and scientific names are named for Dr. Steven Emslie, a professor of paleontology at UNC Wilmington.
References
†
Late Quaternary prehistoric birds
Extinct birds of the Caribbean
Fossil taxa described in 2020
Extinct animals of Cuba
Wood elf is a generic term for an elf that live in wooded areas such as forests.
Wood Elf may refer to:
Silvan Elves, a fictional race in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth of northern Mirkwood and Lothlórien.
Wood Elves (Warhammer), a fictional race in the Warhammer universe
EverQuest, a 1999 player character race in the video game series, similar to those of Tolkien's fiction
Wood Elves are playable characters in the game Sacred
Wood Elves are also found in The Elder Scrolls series, known as Bosmers
George Bradburn (March 4, 1806 – July 26, 1880) was an American politician and Unitarian minister in Massachusetts known for their support for abolitionism and women's rights. They attended the 1840 conference on Anti-Slavery in London where they made a stand against the exclusion of female delegates. In 1843 they were with Frederick Douglass on a lecture tour in Indiana when they were attacked. Lydia Maria Child wrote with regard to their work on anti-slavery that they had " a high place among the tried and true."
Biography
Bradburn was born March 4, 1806, to James and Sarah Bradburn in Attleboro, a small town in Massachusetts. After their mother died, they were brought up by their half sister Fanny. They first took a trade as a machinist until they decided to pursue further studies at the age on nineteen. They continued their education at Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire. After studying with Hosea Ballou (the 2nd) they attended the Harvard Divinity School.
Their first ministerial position was in Nantucket in 1831, but oddly, their church was sold while they were away and their congregation was later disbanded in 1834. While in Nantucket they met and married their first wife, Lydia, but within a year of marriage they had died, and their only daughter died a year later. This cast a "shadow over their whole life." Moreover, Bradburn had begun to lose their sense of hearing. However, they were well regarded and was elected by the Whigs to serve as the Massachusetts Legislature in 1839 for three years.
They became associated with the American Anti-Slavery Society in 1839 and they brought forward related radical legislation. They led a movement which repealed a marriage law. After this change, "People in Massachusetts, wishing to marry, are under no necessity of comparing complexions" in 1842.
The year of the "World's Convention"
In 1840, a woman's right to serve on an American anti-slavery committee was established when Abby Kelley became a full member of the business committee of the American Anti-Slavery Society at their annual convention. This was not without cost, and some of the members left the meeting, but others who were known as the "Garrisonian wing" believed in equal rights of all Americans, irrespective of gender. So when an invitation was received for the World Anti-Slavery Convention on June 12, 1840, in London, it was not surprising that Massachusetts decided to not only send William Lloyd Garrison, Wendell Phillips and Bradburn, but also Lydia Maria Child, Harriet Martineau and Maria Weston Chapman.
Bradburn travelled first class on the ship Roscoe on the May 7, 1840. Other anti-slavery delegates aboard the ship were James and Lucretia Mott, Emily Winslow and their father Isaac, Abby South, Henry Grew their daughter Mary Grew and Elizabeth Neall. After they arrived many took the opportunity to tour England. Bradburn was able to visit various places including Blenheim Palace, Eaton Hall, Stratford on Avon, Oxford University and Warwick Castle. They were later able to call on these experiences in lectures later in life.
Just before the World's Anti-Slavery Convention opened, the British organiser Joseph Sturge explained that female delegates would not be allowed. This "insane innovation, this woman-intruding delusion," was rebuked by the leading English Anti-Slavery members. Some of the male delegates from America sided with the women, including George Bradburn, Wendell Phillips, James Mott, William Adam, Isaac Winslow, J. P. Miller and Henry B. Stanton. William Lloyd Garrison, who was not there until the 17th, refused to take their seat until there was equality in seating. Henry Grew spoke in favour of the men's rights to exclude women despite their daughter being one of the excluded delegates. The American women had to join the other female observers like Lady Byron and were not allowed to participate in the convention. Not only was the equality of the sexes debated, but Bradburn said that "introducing any such words as 'Christian,' 'Religious,' and the like, by which persons of any religion whatever, or of no religion whatever, should be excluded from the Anti-Slavery platform.
The portrait of Bradburn which is shown at the top of this article and in Haydon's picture of the 1840 World Anti-Slavery convention was completed in a small room at the Freemasons hall where the convention was held. Bradburn commented that they felt that they had been given "too much severity or sharpness," but Haydon assured them that they looked "revolutionary" when giving their speeches. Bradburn made time after a visit to France to complete a third sitting on August 3, 1840. Bradburn then visited Newcastle, Scotland and Ireland, visiting people they had met at the convention including the Irish Nationalist leader Daniel O'Connell and Lady Byron, the mathematician (and the poet's estranged wife).
100 conventions
In 1843 Bradburn accompanied Frederick Douglass and William A. White on a lecture tour organised by the American Anti-Slavery Society and called "100 conventions." This was not a tour preaching to the converted and they are, subsequently, attacked. Douglass was attacked and their hand broken so badly that they never recovered its full use. Other sources also place Bradburn there at Pendleton in Indiana on September 16, 1843, when the attack took place.
From 1846 to 1849, Bradburn edited the, "Pioneer and Herald of Freedom" in Lynn, Massachusetts.
Douglass told a group in Ireland of a story about how Blackburn, who now was nearly completely deaf, was challenged for assuming that ministers could adopt the abolitionists message as they "must live." Bradburn said, "I deny any such necessity — I dispute your premises. I deny that it is necessary for any man to live, unless they can live honestly."
1850
In 1850 in Boston, Bradburn married Frances H. Parker. Although they later would become an invalid and prevent them from taking up overseas positions, they were the one who eventually completed their memoirs. That year they were working for the Boston Chronotype and they attended the two-day National Woman's Rights Convention which was held in Brinley Hall, Worcester. The convention was called to order by Sarah H. Earle, and chaired by Paulina Wright Davis of Rhode Island on October 23, 1850. There were 268 delegates, but the vast majority were from Massachusetts. The news of the convention was widely reported, but frequently in a disparaging way. Only four local newspapers were thought to deal with the subject well and one of those was the Lynn Pioneer (which was edited by Bradburn).
In 1851, George and Frances moved to Cleveland, Ohio, where Bradburn helped to edit the True Democrat, a daily newspaper. After two years they went on lecture tours where they would sometimes speak every night for 26 days. Their lectures at this time were not only political but drew on their experiences in Europe in 1840. They were able to use their trip to London as the basis of entertaining and informative lectures.
In 1859, they occupied the pulpit of a Unitarian church in Athol, Massachusetts, and resided there for another two years. They made good friends there and returned to visit ever summer for the next twenty years. They took a job in a customs house which had been organised by their friend Samuel Chase, but they sadly missed their ability to work. At the end of their life they called out to William A. White, who their wife remembered as a friend from their time lecturing to thousands.
Death
At Bradburn's funeral in 1880, Lysander Spooner read a eulogy and was a pallbearer. Their wife published their biography in 1883. Lydia Maria Child wrote "Surely in this country, and within this century, no other cause has so tested the moral natures of men and women, as did the anti-slavery cause in its early days: and no one who knew George Bradburn at that time will doing question their right to a high place among the tried and true."
References
1806 births
1880 deaths
American abolitionists
Members of the Massachusetts General Court
Harvard Divinity School alumni
Phillips Exeter Academy alumni
People from Attleboro, Massachusetts
19th-century Christian clergy
American Unitarian clergy
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American clergy
Ohtani-ike is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 1.2 km2. The dam impounds about 4 ha of land when full and can store 161 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1914.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Two Japanese destroyers have been named Sakaki:
, a launched in 1915 and stricken in 1931
Japanese destroyer Sakaki, a laid down in 1944 but scrapped incomplete on slip in 1945
Imperial Japanese Navy ship names
Japanese Navy ship names
Joseph Ward (1817 – 12 November 1892) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Marlborough, New Zealand.
Early life
Ward was born at Tixall in Staffordshire, England. They were baptised at Tixall on 21 August 1817. They emigrated to Nelson in 1842 on the George Fyfe. They travelled with their wife, Martha, and their family; Henry Redwood and Francis Redwood were their brothers. They were a devout Catholic. Since 1854, they had lived in Brookby, a locality some south of Renwick.
Ward was a surveyor by trade, and they surveyed parts of the Wairau Valley, and the town and district of Kaikōura. They became a significant runholder who at one point had 46,000 sheep.
Political career
Ward was elected to the first Nelson Provincial Council for the Wairau electorate; they and Charles Elliott were declared elected unopposed. Ward represented the Wairau electorate for five years. When the Marlborough Province split off from Nelson, Ward was elected onto the Marlborough Provincial Council and had continuous representation until the abolition of the provincial system in 1876. Ward's first attempt of getting elected to the general assembly was in the 1872 Wairau by-election, but they were beaten by Arthur Seymour. When Seymour resigned in 1875 prior to a trip to England, Ward won the resulting and represented the electorate from 21 June to 6 December, when they were defeated for Cheviot.
Death and commemoration
Ward had been ill for a few months prior to their death, and for the last few days was unconscious. They died on 12 November 1892 at their home. They were buried in the catholic section of the Omaka Cemetery with their son Joseph and daughter Francis. They were survived by their wife, six sons, and two daughters.
Wards Pass, an alpine pass that lies between the valleys of the upper Acheron and Awatere Rivers, was discovered by Ward and their brother-in-law, Cyrus Goulter, in March 1847, and is named after him.
Notes
References
1817 births
1892 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Independent MPs of New Zealand
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1875–1876 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1884 New Zealand general election
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Politicians from Staffordshire
Kaikōura
People from the Marlborough Region
Members of the Nelson Provincial Council
English emigrants to New Zealand
Cudighi () is a spicy Italian sausage seasoned with sweet spices that can be bought in links or served as a sandwich on a long, hard roll, often with mozzarella cheese and tomato sauce. Although it originated in Italy, it is now primarily served in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
Preparation
Cudighi can be served many ways in many Italian-American dishes. As a sandwich, it was originally served with raw onions and mustard on a roll, but is today typically served with mozzarella cheese and tomato sauce. Additional toppings may include mushrooms, onions, and green peppers.
The taste of Cudighi varies with the amount of clove and cinnamon present in the mix.
History
Cudighi originated in Northern Italy, although it is now primarily served in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, particularly in Marquette County. The sandwich and its distinctive sausage were first sold in northern Michigan by Italian immigrants in 1936, who called it Gudighi. The sandwich was originally dressed with mustard and onions; using tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese as toppings became popular following World War II.
Cudighi seems to be derived from Cotechino, a Northern Italian fresh sausage made from pork, fatback, and pork rind. The modern recipe for what is known as "Cudighi" is likely highly specific to the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
See also
List of sandwiches
References
Further reading
Cuisine of the Midwestern United States
Michigan culture
Upper Peninsula of Michigan
Marquette County, Michigan
Sausage sandwiches
Italian-American cuisine
American sandwiches
Italian sandwiches
Carmont is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Carmont, Lord Carmont (1880–1965), senior Scottish High Court Judge
George Carmont (born 1978), retired New Zealand professional rugby league footballer
Francis Carmont (born 1981), French professional mixed martial artist
Fictional
Hugo Carmont, a character in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street
See also
Carmont railway station in Scotland
Carmont derailment in Scotland
No Retreat... No Surrender... Si Kumander is a 1987 Filipino action comedy film directed by Pablo Santiago and starring Fernando Poe Jr. and their wife Susan Roces, the latter as the titular commander. It is a sequel to the 1982 film Manedyer... Si Kumander. Produced by FPJ Productions, the film was released on September 17, 1987. Critic Luciano E. Soriano of the Manila Standard gave Kumander a mildly positive review, commending Poe and Roces' "delightful" performances while deeming the film "mildly amusing" and "an over-extended [TV] sitcom".
Cast
Fernando Poe Jr. as Gener, a car dealer
Susan Roces as Benita, a barangay chairperson and real estate agent
Sheryl Cruz
Randy Santiago as Einstein, a scientist
Paquito Diaz
Bong Dimayacyac
Chichay as Lola Baby
Dencio Padilla as Dennis
Bayani Casimiro as Lolo Boy
Tina Loy
Mely Tagasa as Honorata, Benita's friend
Tatlong Pinoy
Bamba
Max Alvarado
Janice Jurado
Joseph Sonora
Jeffrey Sonora
Lollibie
Becky Misa
Vic Varrion
Luis Benedicto
Nonoy de Guzman
Belo Borja
Eddie Tuazon
Jimmy Reyes
Release
The film was given a "G" rating by the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board (MTRCB), and was released on September 17, 1987.
Critical response
Luciano E. Soriano, writing for the Manila Standard, gave Kumander a mildy positive review, stating that the film was a "mildly amusing situation comedy" with varying degrees of success in terms of comedic performances from the actors, though they consider Fernando Poe Jr. and Susan Roces "delightful" in their roles. Soriano also deems it to at least be superior to other local comedies for relying on its situations instead of facial expressions and toilet humor.
References
External links
1987 films
1980s action comedy films
1987 action films
1987 comedy films
Filipino-language films
Films about cults
Films with screenplays by Pablo S. Gomez
Philippine action comedy films
Films directed by Pablo Santiago
The Alexandria National Museum (ANM) is a museum in Alexandria, Egypt. It was inaugurated the 31 December 2003 by Hosni Mubarak and it is located in a renovated Italian style palace in Tariq Al-Horreya Street (former Rue Fouad). The building used to be home to the United States consulate.
History
The museum is located in a former Italianate mansion. It's the former home of a wood sales person. It used to house the United States consulate. The building dates back to 1926, located around a large garden, in addition to housing a basement. The three-storey palace was a meeting place for the Egyptian upper-class society of Alexandria.
Collection
The Alexandria National Museum contains around 1,800 artifacts that narrate the story of Alexandria and Egypt. Most of these pieces came from other Egyptian museums. The museum mainly focuses on three collections spread over three floors:
Floor 1: Pharaonic epoch. The mummies are shown in a recreation of a funerary chamber.
Floor 2: Artifacts from the Hellenistic period and Roman period, including pieces from Heraklion and Canopus. Objects include canopic jars, and pieces from the rule of Nectanebo II. Objects include pieces of Caracalla, figures of Medusa, a mosaic portrait, representing Queen Berenice II wife of Ptolemy III.
Floor 3: Ancient Egyptian, Coptic, and the Muslim world as well as 19th and 20th century. The city of Alexandria is also included in the collection.
A highlight for many visitors is a sculpture believed to be of the VP city's namesake, Alexander the Great.<
The museum also has a collection of jewelry, weapons, statuary, numismatics and glassware.
Gallery
See also
Museums in Alexandria
References
External links
Egyptian Museums: The Alexandria National Museum
Museums in Alexandria
Archaeological museums in Egypt
Egyptological collections in Egypt
History museums in Egypt
Tourist attractions in Alexandria
Museums established in 2003
2003 establishments in Egypt
Zhai Yanpeng (; born December 6, 1982) is a former Chinese football player who played for Bayi Football Team and Dalian Shide as a versatile defender and midfielder. After winning the Chinese league and Cup with Dalian Shide, they were soon called up to the Chinese national team in 2007; however, in early 2008 they were forced to end their career as a professional footballer at the age of 26, due to being diagnosed with cerebral infarction.
Club career
Bayi Football Team
Zhai Yanpeng began their football career in 1993 playing for the Bayi Football Team youth and reserve teams before graduating to their senior team in 2001. In their first season, they quickly established themselves as a versatile footballer and quickly became a first team regular when they played in 23 league games. For the next two seasons they were an integral member of the Bayi team until they disbanded in 2003 and were removed from the top tier.
Dalian Shide
Zhai Yanpeng moved to another top tier team in Dalian Shide, where they were predominantly used as a left-back in their first season and while they took time to settle in their new team, by the 2005 league season Zhai had established themselves as an important member of the team when they helped them win the league and cup double. They were an integral part of the Dalian team for several seasons until their condition saw them having to retire during 2008 when they were diagnosed with cerebral infarction.
International career
The Chinese head coach Zhu Guanghu gave Zhai Yanpeng their debut on March 27, 2007, in a friendly game against Uzbekistan in a 3–1 victory in preparation for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup and used Zhai Yanpeng as a defensive midfielder. Unable to make the squad for the Asian Cup, they were still highly regarded by the new Chinese Head coach Vladimir Petrović to play in several friendlies until their condition forced them to retire.
Honours
Dalian Shide
Chinese Super League: 2005
Chinese FA Cup: 2005
References
External links
Player info at sina.com
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Baoding
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Hebei
China international footballers
Association football fullbacks
Bayi Football Team players
Dalian Shide F.C. players
Strzyżew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
William McCarter (23 October 1888 – 4 September 1941) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
A back pocket player, McCarter made their debut for Geelong in 1913 in round 1 against Richmond at Corio Oval. They did not play from 1916 to 1920 because of war service but was at their best when they returned in 1921, supposedly being named Geelong's club champion. They certainly won such an award in 1923, before retiring the following season. During their career they represented Victoria five times at interstate football.
References
External links
1888 births
1941 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Geelong Football Club players
Carji Greeves Medal winners
East Geelong Football Club players
Australian military personnel of World War I
Simple system flute most commonly refers to the type of flute manufactured and favored by classical European musicians during the Classical era. This type of flute is the direct precursor of, and was made obsolete within the art music world by, the introduction of the Boehm system flute. Subsequently, many simple system flutes were integrated into folk music (including Irish folk music and Cuban charanga bands).
Physical characteristics
The simple system flute had a cylindrical head joint and a reverse tapered body. The six main tone holes were heavily undercut to produce even intonation and registration while providing even finger spacing. French simple system flutes (or "five-key flutes") from this era typically had five keys that enabled the flute to play in any key. English and German models were typically designed with eight keys: the five of the five-key flute, plus an alternate F key running along the instrument, and two keys on the foot joint to extend the lower register down to middle C.
Alternative meaning
Simple system flute may also refer to any flute with tone holes played by the direct application and removal of fingers, as opposed to keys, from pre-historical bone flutes to the modern Irish flute. The presence of keys (as found on the Classical flutes described above) does not preclude categorization as a "simple system" flute, as long as the primary tone holes are not keyed.
Related links
Charles Nicholson (flautist)
Further reading
External links
http://www.mcgee-flutes.com/5keyfingers.htm
http://www.oldflutes.com/german.htm
Side-blown flutes
Ismelys Milagros Del Valle Velásquez Lugo (born August 26, 1999) is a Venezuelan model, TV host and beauty queen.  They are the winner of the beauty titles of Miss Mesoamerica 2021, Reinado Internacional del Café 2022 and Miss Supranational Venezuela 2022.
Life and career
Velásquez was born in La Guaira, Venezuela, on August 26, 1999.  They are a student of International Studies at the Central University of Venezuela in Caracas.
Beauty contests
Queen of Venezuelan cocoa
On October 4, 2018, Velásquez was chosen as Queen of Venezuelan cocoa.
International Cocoa Kingdom
In October 2019, Velásquez participated in the first edition of the International Cocoa Reign, held at the Caracas polyhedron where they obtained the position of second runner-up.
Miss Venezuela 2020
Ismelys participated in the Miss Venezuela 2020 beauty pageant that was held in Caracas, Venezuela, where they represented the state of La Guaira, classifying themselves among the ten (10) semifinalists of the contest.
Miss Mesoamerica 2021
On July 24, 2021, Velásquez won the title of Miss Mesoamerica 2021 in San Salvador (El Salvador), being the second Venezuelan to obtain the crown.
Reinado Internacional del Café 2022 (The International Pageant for Coffee 2022)
Velásquez obtained the crown, from the Reinado Internacional del Café contest, which took place on January 8, 2022 within the framework of the Manizales Fair held in the city of Manizales (Colombia), where they became the fifth Venezuelan to obtain the crown.
Miss Supranational Venezuela 2022
On June 9, 2022, they were crowned Miss Supranational Venezuela 2022.
Miss Supranational 2022
Velásquez represented Venezuela at the 13th edition of the Miss Supranational 2022 pageant, held on July 15, 2022 at Strzelecki Park Amphitheater in Nowy Sącz, Małopolska, Poland and finished as 4th Runner-up.
References
External links
Living people
1999 births
Venezuelan beauty pageant winners
Callimetopus illecebrosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1865, originally under the genus Euclea. It is known from Sulawesi. It contains the varietas Callimetopus illecebrosus var. castus.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1865
Joel Nyström (born 14 May 2002) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman for Färjestad BK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). Nyström was drafted in the seventh round, 219th overall, by the Carolina Hurricanes in the 2021 NHL Entry Draft.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Carolina Hurricanes draft picks
Färjestad BK players
Sportspeople from Karlstad
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Gaston is the site of a former mining community in Nevada County, California.
Gaston lies at an elevation of 5062 feet (1543 m) on the Gaston Ridge. The Gaston Ridge historically, was often referred to as God's Country, because of its wild and somewhat inaccessible beauty. Gaston is located south of Graniteville and about 4 miles northeast of the town of Washington. It is near the intersection of what are now Gaston and Hoosier Roads, in the Tahoe National Forest.
After the gold in the surface gravels in the area was largely worked out, hard rock gold mining began in 1856 when J. J. Meachum, Titicum and others established the California mine. The mine proved profitable. McKee & Henderson erected a nearby mill which reportedly crushed 15,000 tons of rock before it burned down in 1863. The crushed rock yielded 8 to 9 dollars a ton in gold. Alongside mining, a thriving lumbering industry developed, and a number of sawmills were erected.
The rough and tumble of mining camp life surfaced quickly in Gaston, when one partner in a mining venture killed the other, and not over gold. One newspaper described the killing as follows:
"On Sunday evening last a man named [Valentine] Brand was murdered by Wm.
[or Warren] Myers, at Gaston Ridge in Eureka township. The difficulty grew out of a foot- race in which Myers was one of the runners and Brand acted as judge. The decision was given against Myers, who became offended and quarreled with Brand. Myers then left and arming themselves with a rifle, returned and deliberately shot Brand through the body, inflicting a wound from the effects of which they died the next day. Myers was immediately taken into custody".
A jury convicted Myers of only second degree murder, apparently out of a concern that Myers may not have been sane.
Over the years, the California mine was generally profitable and was regularly expanded. An ample supply of water was insured by the arrival of the North Bloomfield ditch in 1870. By 1897, an estimated $600,000 in gold, at then prices, had been produced. Still, the mine changed hands several times, in the process becoming known as the Gaston Mine. In 1898, the mine was acquired by the Gaston Gold Mining Company, based in San Francisco. Initially well financed, that company invested in new equipment and substantially upgraded operations. Employment increased from 20 men in 1898 to 50 men in 1900 and 90 men in early 1907. With the increase in mining operations and employment, a town blossomed around the mine. The population was recorded as about 200 in 1900. There was stage service initially to the town of Washington, and later daily service to Nevada City. By 1904, the town boasted two stores, a hotel, a saloon, a hardware store, a post office, a water system, a fire company and a school. Electric lights arrived that year, and joined a telephone line to Nevada City. Soon, a group of Italian immigrants arrived to work in the mine creating a "New Town" below the "Old Town". Many of the Italians were employed to cut wood and produce charcoal for use in the mine's forges.
The post office was established in 1899. Mary Harmon was its first postmaster and the first female postmaster in Nevada County. Ellen Whitaker was appointed postmaster in 1904. The post office was discontinued in 1913.
There were other mines around the Gaston Ridge, such as the Baltic, Ethel and Erie Mines, but the principal gold producer in the area was the Gaston Mine. Between 1899 and 1907, the mine produced about $1 million in gold at then prices. The mine was shut down temporarily in 1907, a result of the severe winter, and a shortage of capital attributed to the cost of drilling the long tunnel and the aftermath of the San Francisco earthquake. It reopened in 1909, and operated intermittently for the next few years. In 1916, it became the first mine in Nevada County to install the new Hardinge Mill, which improved the gold extraction process. The mine closed during World War I, because of a shortage of labor and supplies needed for the war effort. There was intermittent mining after the war. By the 1940s, the last remaining building was in shambles. After World War II, the area was heavily logged. Today, nothing readily visible remains of Gaston. Gannett may have confused Gaston with Fort Gaston, located in northwestern California, and named after a Lt. Gaston killed during an Indian skirmish.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Nevada County, California
Mike Pesca (born December 29, 1971) is an American radio journalist and podcaster based in New York City.  They are the host of the daily podcast, The Gist, and the editor of Upon Further Review: The Greatest What-Ifs in Sports History.
Career
Mike Pesca first appeared on radio as a ten-year-old caller to a local New York City sports program, offering their opinion on the New York Jets. In 1997, Pesca got their first job in radio, as an intern at the station working on New York & Co, which would later become The Leonard Lopate Show.
Pesca went on to work as Producer-At-Large for the WNYC and NPR program On the Media (OTM). They had a recurring segment on OTM called "Mike's Pockets", in which they would "disgorge little bits of media fluff" they encountered. In late 2005, they became the first NPR reporter to have their own podcast, On Gambling with Mike Pesca on which they discussed topics related to gambling. They served as a reporter for NPR and Slate's mid-day show Day to Day, on which they also occasionally filled in as host. Other public radio programs they have guest hosted include The Bryant Park Project, Talk of the Nation, On Point, Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! and The Brian Lehrer Show.
Since 2014, Pesca has served as host of Slate's daily podcast The Gist. Prior to joining the Slate staff, Pesca served as a National Desk correspondent for National Public Radio (NPR). Pesca's reports have been featured on Morning Edition, All Things Considered and Weekend Edition. They covered mainly sports and pop culture for the network, and previously they have covered a wide range of topics including politics, economics, and the arts. They also appear on the WBUR-FM/NPR program Here and Now as well as CNN, PBS NewsHour, and MSNBC.  They are a regular contributor to the NPR program Weekend Edition Sunday.
They have also written for Slate and the Washington Post.
In addition to their weekly duties as a panelist on Slate's Hang Up and Listen podcast, Pesca has appeared as a guest on many popular podcasts including NPR's Planet Money, Slate's Culture Gabfest, Luke Burbank's Too Beautiful to Live, The Sporkful and Maximum Fun's Jordan, Jesse, Go!.
In February 2014, Pesca announced that they were leaving NPR to join Slate magazine. In announcing the hiring, Slate podcasts executive producer Andy Bowers called Pesca "one of the most interesting, exciting on-air personalities working today." Pesca has also filled in as host of the NPR radio program Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me when Peter Sagal was away.
In May 2018, Pesca edited and published Upon Further Review: The Greatest What-Ifs in Sports History, a collection of essays in which authors explore alternative histories in the world of sports. That month, Slate started releasing Upon Further Review, a weekly podcast based on chapters from the book.
In February 2021, Slate indefinitely suspended Pesca after they debated colleagues over whether people who are not Black should be able to quote a racial slur in some contexts. Slate's announcement stated that "this was not a decision based around making an isolated abstract argument". On September 3, 2021, Pesca and Slate "mutually agreed to part ways", and Slate sold The Gist to Pesca, who announced plans to take the show to an independent platform.
The Gist has returned for "Season 2," produced by Peach Fish Productions. It premiered on January 24, 2022.
Personal life
Mike Pesca was born in Oceanside, Long Island, New York.  They are of Italian heritage, and their surname is the Italian word for "peach."
In their podcast, The Gist, Pesca has described themselves as "the son of a Catholic and a Jew" and as someone who "grew up Catholic, a little bit." Pesca attended Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, where they were a member of the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity and served as vice-president of the school's intra-fraternity council. They graduated from Emory in 1994.''Pesca has two sons (Milo and Emmett) with their ex-wife, Robin Dolch, a public relations executive.  They are a fan of the New York Jets, New York Mets, New York Knicks and St. Johns Red Storm. In 2006, Pesca appeared as a contestant on the game show Jeopardy!, where they led going into the Final Jeopardy round, but finished in third place. In 2020, Pesca became engaged to Michelle Hunter with the assistance of Buddy the Rat.
Awards
Pesca is a two-time Edward R. Murrow Award winner. The Murrow awards are presented by the Radio Television Digital News Association (formerly the Radio and Television News Directors Association) for excellence in electronic journalism.
They most recently was awarded the 2010 Murrow for audio sports reporting in the Radio Network/Syndication Service category. They received the award for the season-long weekly series, Friday Night Lives, on "the phenomenon of high school football" which Pesca created with NPR sports correspondent Tom Goldman. The series aired throughout 2009 and 2010 on All Things Considered.
Pesca won the 2001 Murrow Award for Best Radio Feature Reporting for their report "Cracker Jack" that aired on On the Media'' on August 4, 2001. The feature's premise was that Cracker Jack's inclusion by name in the song Take Me Out to the Ballgame amounts to the "most successful product placement in history".
References
External links
Pesca's NPR archive
Selected stories by Mike Pesca:
2010 Murrow award winner, Friday Night Lives
Just How Fattening Is That Cupcake?
Voters Clueless on Giuliani's Abortion View
Is Katrina's Victims 'Refugees' or 'Evacuees?'
A Race to Save the Dogs of New Orleans
NPR personalities
American radio reporters and correspondents
American male journalists
Living people
1971 births
Jeopardy! contestants
American men podcasters
Place of birth missing (living people)
American podcasters
Jewish American journalists
Emory University alumni
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American Jews
Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!
American people of Italian descent
Fort Al-Mirani () is a fort located in the harbor of the city of Old Muscat, Oman. The fort existed prior to the Portuguese invasion and was later rebuilt by the Portuguese in 1587. The fort became the first to use cannons in Oman.
History
In the 1552 Capture of Muscat, an Ottoman force consisted in 4 galleons, 25 galleys, and 850 troops attacked the city of Muscat. They captured the city and its fort. The recently built Fort Al-Mirani was besieged for 18 days with one piece of Ottoman artillery brought on top of a ridge. The fort was captured and its fortifications destroyed.
References
External links
Al Mirani
Old Muscat
Portuguese Colonial architecture in Oman
The Passionate Friends is a 1922 British romantic drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Milton Rosmer, Valia, and Fred Raynham. It is based on H.G. Wells' The Passionate Friends: A Novel (1913), which was adapted again by David Lean for their 1949 film The Passionate Friends.
Cast
Milton Rosmer as Steven Stratton
Valia as Lady Mary Christian
Fred Raynham as Harrison Justin
Madge Stuart as Rachel Moore
Lawford Davidson as Guy Ladislaw
Ralph Forster as Philip Evesham
Teddy Arundell as Edward Stratton
Annie Esmond as Maid
Production
The Passionate Friends was part of the Stoll Pictures' "Eminent Authors" series of films. Although based upon Wells' 1913 social realist novel, it largely avoided any of Wells' radical social commentary regarding the United Kingdom.
References
External links
1922 films
British silent feature films
1922 romantic drama films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
Films based on British novels
Films based on works by H. G. Wells
British black-and-white films
British romantic drama films
Stoll Pictures films
1920s British films
Silent romantic drama films
Anton Eisenhoit (sometimes Eisenhout), a German painter and engraver, flourished at Rome about 1590. They were a native of Warburg, and was still living in 1619. It appears that they have been miscalled Eisenhart by Christ, and that some of their works have been ascribed to other masters. Brulliot refers to some attributed to Luca Ciamberlano by Bartsch, which they conjecture should be given to Eisenhoit.
References
16th-century births
17th-century deaths
People from Warburg
German artists
Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a chain of schools in Chennai, India. In June 1986, Dr. N. Vijayan founded the school. It is established and managed by the Zion Educational Trust.
References
Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School - LinkedIn
External links
Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School
Primary schools in Tamil Nadu
High schools and secondary schools in Chennai
Schools in Kanchipuram district
Educational institutions established in 1986
1986 establishments in Tamil Nadu
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 2011.
Events
26 February - Getter Jaani is selected to represent Estonia at the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest with their song "Rockefeller Street".  They are selected to be the seventeenth Estonian Eurovision entry during Eesti Laul held at the Nokia Concert Hall in Tallinn.
12 June - Liis Lemsalu wins the fourth season of Eesti otsib superstaari.
Debuts
Television shows
1990s
Õnne 13 (1993–present)
2000s
Eesti otsib superstaari (2007–present)
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
15 January – Ellen Alaküla (born 1927), actor
26 March – Enn Klooren (born 1940), actor
See also
2011 in Estonia
Pseudocuma longicorne is a marine species of cumacean in the family Pseudocumatidae.
References
Cumacea
Crustaceans described in 1858
O'Connor Nunataks () is a group of rock exposures rising above the ice near the head of Balchen Glacier, 5 nautical miles (9 km) northeast of Griffith Nunataks in the Ford Ranges, Marie Byrd Land. Discovered by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) in aerial flights over this area in 1940, and named for Raymond O'Connor, a member of the West Base of the USAS (1939–41).
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
John Bowman may refer to:
John Bowman (actor) (1651–1739), British stage actor
John Bowman (Nevada politician) (1824/25–1899), American lawyer, served as member and speaker of the Nevada Assembly
John Bowman (broadcaster) (born 1942), Irish historian and broadcaster
John Bowman (Canadian football) (born 1982), currently with the Montreal Alouettes
John Bowman (Canadian politician), mill owner and reeve of the Township of Markham, Ontario
John Bowman (entrepreneur), co-founder of Chrome Hearts
John Bowman (footballer) (1879–1943), English football player and manager
John Bowman (pastoralist) (1828–1900), South Australian pioneer
John Bowman (pioneer) (1738–1784), Virginia and Kentucky soldier and official
John Bowman (New York politician) (1782–1853), New York politician, served in both houses of the state legislature
John Bowman (screenwriter) (1957–2021), writer for Saturday Night Live
John Bryan Bowman (1824–1891), Kentucky educator, founder of Kentucky University
John Eddowes Bowman the Elder (1785–1841), British banker and naturalist
John Eddowes Bowman the Younger (1819–1854), English chemist
John Gabbert Bowman (1877–1962), American educator
John McEntee Bowman (1875–1931), American hotelier
John F. Bowman (1880–1960), American politician and mayor of Salt Lake City
John Bowman, 4th Baronet (1904–1994), of the Bowman baronets
John Bowman (1701–1797), Lord Provost of Glasgow
See also
Jonathan Philbin Bowman (1969–2000), Irish journalist
Jack Bowman (born 1932), American politician
Bowman (disambiguation)
The men's featherweight (57 kg/125.4 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the third lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments involving twelve fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few competitors for a sixteen-man tournament, four of the fighters had byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament winner was Dzmitry Varatis from Belarus who defeated Serbian Boban Marinkovic in the final to win gold. Semi-finalists Elnur Salamov from Azerbaijan and Russian Umar Paskhaev received bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Braginskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Pyatovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 52 as of 2002.
Geography
Braginskaya is located 4 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Galitskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
James Rutherford (27 January 1906 – 11 April 1963) was a professor and historian at the University of Auckland in New Zealand. Born in England, they gained a Master of Arts degree from the University of Durham and their doctorate from the University of Michigan. They were the chair of history at the University of Auckland from 1934 until their death in 1963.
Early life
Born in Dunston, England, on 27 January 1906, James Rutherford was the son of Ralph Rutherford, a railway worker, and their wife Sarah . They were educated in the Newcastle region and after completing their schooling, attended the University of Durham. Graduating with a Master of Arts degree in history, they then went onto the United States having gained a scholarship for postgraduate study at the University of Michigan. Their Doctor of Philosophy thesis covered the subject of the federal government in South Africa in the late nineteenth century.
Academic career
Returning to England in 1928, Rutherford began their lecturing career at University College in Southampton where they remained until 1933. They then applied for the position of chair in history at the University of Auckland in New Zealand. Despite still being 27 and yet to be published, they were the successful candidate. Two local applicants, Bill Airey and John Beaglehole, were not favoured due to being considered radicals. In addition, the selection panel at the time favoured academics that were educated in Britain, seeing them as superior to those who had received degrees from New Zealand universities.
Rutherford arrived at Auckland in 1934 to take over responsibility for the history department with Airey as their deputy. Rutherford's lecturing style was well received by the younger students but they were unconsidered to be relatively unapproachable. Their research focus was nineteenth century New Zealand history, and they published extensively. Their most notable work was a lengthy biography of Sir George Grey, the former Governor of New Zealand.
During the Second World War, Rutherford joined the New Zealand Military Forces and was posted to serve with the 3rd Division in the Pacific Ocean Areas. They were an intelligence officer, working in the headquarters of the divisional commander, Major General Harold Barrowclough, from 1942 to 1943. At the end of their military service, they were posted to the reserve and resumed their academic career.
Later life
Health problems affected their later years and they died suddenly from pneumonia on 11 April 1963. They were survived by their wife Rose , a former school teacher who they had married in 1932 at Southampton, and the couple's four children. Their papers were acquired from their widow by the University of Auckland.
Notes
References
1906 births
1963 deaths
20th-century New Zealand historians
University of Auckland faculty
Alumni of Durham University
New Zealand military personnel of World War II
British emigrants to New Zealand
Valentin Kuklev - (born 11 April 1948, Moscow, Russia) - researcher of semantics, author of books, articles and television broadcasts on symbolism. Soviet and Russian underground activist, philosopher and thinker. Follower of V. Nalimov. Board member of the futurological group futura.ru. Participant of the project "Ways of energy development in Europe", together with DaimlerChrysler; projects "Networked Economy", "Terrorism in the 21st Century" (for the Federation Council of Russia). From 1989-1994, lived in Los Angeles, California, US. Currently lives in Moscow, Russia.
Biography
In 1972, they began working on the system design in CRI DIAS (Design Institute of Automated Systems) at Gosstroy USSR. At that time - one of the founders of the Electronic Music Studio at the Scriabin Museum. The studio work was carried out to establish a multimedia environment and audio-visual synthesis. At the same time with the participation of V. Kuklev an underground group named "Context" is formed. It includes philosophers, philologists, psychologists. Group's main aim was translation and samizdat publishing of works by famous non-Soviet thinkers, which were officially prohibited by Soviet Government. Among them are works of Carlos Castaneda, J. Lilly, Eric Berne, Friedrich Nietzsche, Buddhist works.
In 1989-1991, Kuklev was the author and screenwriter of the program "The Fifth Wheel" Leningrad TV (1988–1993).
In 1991, they represented Russia at the Fordham University (New York) conference, "The Occult in Modern Russian and Soviet culture" (The Occult in Modern Russian and Soviet Culture, International Conference, Fordham University, New York, June 26–29, 1991).
In 1998, in collaboration with Arkady Rovner and Viktoria Andreeva, Valentin Kuklev wrote and publishes the book "Encyclopedia. Symbols, signs, emblems". Book has five editions with an overall circulation 28.000 copies.
In the period from 1996 to 2002, vice president of the Russian National Innovation Fund - "Technology of the 21st century".
Awards
The prize of the First Russian Sretensky movie festival "Meeting" (2006).
State grant holder of Russia in category: "Outstanding figures of culture and art" (2006–2008).
Bibliography
Andreeva, Kuklev, A. Rovner. Encyclopedia. Symbols, signs, posters. Publishers: Astrel, ACT, 2006 624 pages - . . Overall circulation - 28,000 copies.
Vector art. Almanac, 2006. Book 3. Life as a counterpoint. Publisher: Library of the newspaper "MOL", 2006 256 pages Stories of V. Kuklev "Unjust" and "Simpleton". - S. 71-73. -
Arkady Rovner. "The floors of Hades." - [Moscow: "The Myth"] 1992. - 112. Poems. Afterword Valentin Kuklev.
Bernice Glatzer Rosenthal. The Occult in Russian and Soviet Culture by (1997) Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1997. vii 468 pp. - P. 416. - , .
References
External links
Videos
"Mystery Stories" on RenTV- Valentin Kuklev gives comments.
Kuklev, S. Moskalev. Interview for portal «New Times» October 16, 2008
1948 births
Living people
Writers from Moscow
Semanticists
Georgi Vasilyev (, 1899 – 1946) and Sergei Vasilyev (, 1900 – 1959), usually credited as Vasilyev brothers () were two Russian Soviet film directors and screenwriters . In spite of the fact that the two collaborators weren't actually relatives, they accepted the popular misunderstanding that they were brothers and used it in the credits to their movies.
Collaboration
The two Vasilyevs became acquainted in 1925 on cinema production facilities in Moscow. After the studio Goskino merged with the Moscow branch of Sevzapkino to form Sovkino (later known as Lenfilm), the Vasilyevs found themselves working in the same editing room, often working jointly on the same films.
The feature-length documentary "Heroic Deed Among the Ice" (premiered on October 23, 1928) was their first directing experience. In the credits of their next (and their first feature film), "The Sleeping Beauty", they called themselves the Vasilyev brothers for the first time. The 1934 film "Chapaev" brought the Vasilyev brothers countrywide fame and worldwide professional recognition. The film's premiere took place on November 5 in the Leningrad cinema theatre "Titan". The film instantly became one of the most popular in Soviet history; over 30 million people in the Soviet Union had seen it within a year of its release.
Joint filmography
1928 — Подвиг во льдах (Heroic Deed Among the Ice) (feature-length documentary)
1930 — Спящая красавица (The Sleeping Beauty)
1932 — Личное дело (Тревожные гудки) (A Personal Affair (Alarming Siren))
1933 — Невероятно - но факт! (Incredible - But True!) (short documentary)
1934 — Чапаев (Chapaev)
1937 — Волочаевские дни (The Defense of Volotchayevsk aka Volochayev Days)
1942 — Оборона Царицына (Fortress on the Volga aka The Defense of Tsaritsyn), (dilogy)
1943 — Фронт (The Front)
Sergei Vasilyev's filmography (after 1946)
1950 — Наши песни (Our Songs), (unfinished)
1954 — Герои Шипки (Heroes of Shipka)
1958 — В дни Октября (October Days), (part 1)
Bibliography
In Russian: Братья Васильевы: Собрание сочинений в 3-х тт. - Москва: Искусство, 1983.
Notes
Soviet film directors
Film theorists
Filmmaking duos
