Kilifi Bridge is the longest bridge in Kenya with a total length of 420 metres. The superstructure is a prestressed continuous box girder carrying two lanes. The bridge has three spans. The construction of Kilifi Bridge was completed in 1991.
It connects Kilifi and Mnarani. The road heads to Mombasa towards south, and Malindi, Lamu and Garissa towards north.
Cost
700million Ksh
Panoramic view
References
Box girder bridges
Bridges completed in 1991
Bridges in Kenya
Coast Province
1991 establishments in Kenya
SM UB-47 was a Type UB II submarine or U-boat for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. UB-47 was sold to the Austro-Hungarian Navy ( or ) during the war. In Austro-Hungarian service the B was dropped from their name and they were known as SM U-47 or U-XLVII as a member of the Austro-Hungarian U-43 class.
UB-47 was ordered in July 1915 and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in September. UB-47 was a little more than in length and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. They were equipped to carry a complement of four torpedoes for their two bow torpedo tubes and had an deck gun. As part of a group of six submarines selected for Mediterranean service, UB-47 was broken into railcar sized components and shipped to Pola where they were assembled and launched in June 1916, and commissioned in July. Over the next year the U-boat sank twenty-two ships, which included the French battleship and two Cunard Line steamers in use as troopships, and .
The German Imperial Navy was having difficulties in finding trained submarine crews and offered to sell UB-47 and a sister boat to the Austro-Hungarian Navy. After the terms were agreed to in June 1917, both boats were handed over at Pola. When commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy, the B in their designation was dropped so that they became U-47 or U-XLVII. They sank an additional three ships in Austro-Hungarian service through the end of the war. U-47 was ceded to France as a war reparation in 1920 and broken at Bizerta that same year.
Design and construction
The German UB II design improved upon the design of the UB I boats, which had been ordered in September 1914. In service, the UB I boats were found to be too small and too slow. A major problem was that, because they had a single propeller shaft/engine combo, if either component failed, the U-boat became almost totally disabled. To rectify this flaw, the UB II boats featured twin propeller shafts and twin engines (one shaft for each engine), which also increased the U-boat's top speed. The new design also included more powerful batteries, larger torpedo tubes, and a deck gun. As a UB II boat, U-47 could also carry twice the torpedo load of their UB I counterparts, and nearly ten times as much fuel. To contain all of these changes the hull was larger, and the surface and submerged displacement was more than double that of the UB I boats.
The Imperial German Navy ordered UB-47 from AG Weser on 31 July 1915 as the final boat of a series of six UB II boats (numbered from to UB-47), and the last UB II submarine numerically. UB-47 was long and abeam. They had a single hull with saddle tanks and had a draught of when surfaced. They displaced while submerged but only on the surface.
The submarine was equipped with twin Daimler diesel engines and twin Siemens-Schuckart electric motors—for surfaced and submerged running, respectively. UB-47 had a surface speed of up to and could go as fast as while underwater. The U-boat could carry up to of diesel fuel, giving them a range of at . Them electric motors and batteries provided a range of at while submerged. UB-47 was equipped with two bow torpedo tubes and could carry four torpedoes. The U-boat was also armed with one Uk L/30 deck gun.
UB-47 was laid down by AG Weser at its Bremen shipyard on 4 September 1915. As one of six U-boats selected for service in the Mediterranean while under construction, UB-47 was broken into railcar-sized components and shipped overland to the Austro-Hungarian port of Pola. Shipyard workers from Weser assembled the boat and their five sisters at Pola, where they were launched on 17 June.
German Imperial Navy career
SM UB-47 was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 4 July 1916 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Wolfgang Steinbauer. UB-47, Steinbauer's first U-boat command, was assigned to the Navy's Pola Flotilla () in which they remained throughout their German career. Although the flotilla was based in Pola, the site of the main Austro-Hungarian Navy base, boats of the flotilla operated out of the Austro-Hungarian base at Cattaro which was located farther south and closer to the Mediterranean. German U-boats typically returned to Pola only for repairs.
On 17 August, Steinbauer and UB-47 achieved their first success when they sank the Italian steamer south of Cape Matapan. Although Italy and Germany would not formally be at war for another ten days, German U-boats in the Mediterranean routinely attacked Italian vessels by posing as Austro-Hungarian submarines and flying the ensign of that country's navy. Stampalia was an ocean liner of that had formerly been in passenger service between New York and Genoa, and had been one of the first Italian merchant vessels to be armed against submarine attacks. At the time of their sinking, they were in the service of the Italian government but was not carrying any passengers; no casualties from Stampalia were reported in the attack.
Three weeks later, Steinbauer and UB-47 scored a triple kill, sinking three ships on the same day. The British steamer Butetown, en route from Malta to Mudro, was carrying coal and other cargo when they were sent down west-southwest of Cape Matapan on 8 September. UB-47 attacked Llangorse, another British steamer, away, sending the ship and their cargo of Canadian oats headed to Salonica to the bottom. The third ship was the Greek ship Spetzai, headed from Cyprus to Liverpool when sunk in the same vicinity. There were no casualties from any of the three ships; the crews of Butetown and Llangorse were rescued and landed at Marseilles on 16 September.
On 4 October, Steinbauer sank the largest ship of their career when UB-47 torpedoed the 1911 Cunard Line steamer at position , east of Malta. The long, wide Franconia—nicknamed the "Bath Ship" in civilian days because of the number of passenger baths and showers—was, at , the fifth largest ship sunk by a U-boat during World War I. Franconia had been in service as a troopship since February 1915 but was not carrying troops at the time of the attack. The hospital ship picked up 302 survivors from Franconia; 12 men were killed in the attack.
UB-47s next success came a week later, on 11 October, when the 5,002 GRT British steamer Crosshill was sunk west of Malta with the loss of four men. A German military announcement of 20 October proclaiming Steinbauer's sinking of the ship reported that Crosshills cargo included horses and Serbian grooms. The following day, Sebek, a British ship headed to Alexandria, was torpedoed southeast of Gozo. Although the German Admiralty reported their sunk, Sebeks captain was able to ground their ship and prevent it from sinking. On 14 October, UB-47 sank five small Italian sailing vessels—ranging in size from 32 to 80 GRT—near Syracuse, Sicily. The next day, UB-47 closed out the month of October with the sinking of the Greek steamer Avis. UB-47s tally of sunken ships for the month of October came to 24,776 gross register tons, which accounted for nearly 20% of the total sunk by all German U-boats in the Mediterranean.
On patrol in the Aegean Sea on 27 December, Steinbauer came across the French pre-dreadnought battleship . Although it was screened by light cruisers and naval trawlers, Steinbauer was, nonetheless, able to sink the 11,100-ton displacement ship east of Cerigo. Two men were killed in the initial explosion and another two men died in the aftermath; Gauloiss normal complement was 631 men. Five days later, New Year's Day 1917, UB-47 torpedoed and sank the Cunard Line ship —in service as a British troopship—at position , from Cape Matapan. Under the command of Captain William T. Turner, who had been in command of when that liner was sunk in May 1915, the 14,278 GRT Ivernia was ferrying troops to Salonica when sunk by UB-47. Because of the heavy weather at the time of Ivernias sinking, 120 officers and men and 33 crewmen were killed in the attack. Like Franconia, both Gaulois and Ivernia were among the largest ships sunk by U-boats; Ivernia was the 20th largest sunk. Two days after the attack on Ivernia, UB-47 torpedoed and damaged the British steamer , killing one person in the process. The Huntsend was the former North German Lloyd liner Lützow, which had been captured by British naval forces in the Mediterranean in August 1914, and, like UB-47, had been built by AG Weser in Bremen.
On 1 March 1917, UB-47 torpedoed and damaged the British steamer Euterpe near Suda Bay, killing two men in the process. A week later, on 8 March, Steinbauer sank their last ship at the helm of UB-47, when Georgian was sent to the bottom from Cape Sidero. The 1890 British ship, rated at 5,088 gross register tons, was carrying government stores; five of their crew perished in the attack.
On 1 April, Oberleutnant zur See Hans Hermann Wendlandt replaced Steinbauer as commanding officer of UB-47. A week after assuming their first U-boat command, the 30-year-old Wendlandt scored their first success by sinking two Greek steamers on the same day. Livatho was sailing in ballast from Salonica for New York when they were sunk northwest of Crete by an explosive charge placed by UB-47s crew. Nestos was carrying a load of wheat from New York for Piraeus when shelled and sunk from Sapientza. Three days later, the British ship Cyfarthfa was torpedoed from Cerigotto. The master of Cyfarthfa, which had been headed from Oran to Salonica, was taken prisoner by Wendlandt.
Wendlandt and UB-47 sank the Greek destroyer , a of displacement, on 27 June. Although a part of the Royal Hellenic Navy, Doxa had been seized by the French in October 1916 and was operating as a French ship with an all-French crew when torpedoed and sunk by UB-47 in the Straits of Messina; 29 sailors died in the attack. Three days later, Wendlandt sank two Italian sailing ships of about each while east of Sicily. Five days later, UB-47 attacked the Japanese steamer Shinsan Maru, from Karachi with a cargo of wheat for delivery to Italy. Wendlandt torpedoed the 1898 ship between Crete and Sicily. Shinsan Maru was the last ship sunk by UB-47 in their German service.
On 21 July, UB-47 was decommissioned at Pola and handed over to the Austro-Hungarian Navy. In their German Imperial Navy career of just over a year, UB-47 sank twenty merchant ships totaling , damaged three ships of , and sank two warships with a combined displacement of .
Austro-Hungarian Navy service
In November 1916, the German Imperial Navy, having a hard time finding trained submarine crews, inquired to find out if its ally Austria-Hungary was interested in purchasing some of its Mediterranean submarines. A general agreement led to protracted negotiations, which stalled over the outflow of Austro-Hungarian gold reserves to Germany. But, with all of the details worked out, the two parties agreed on the sale of UB-47 and sister ship to Austria-Hungary in June 1917.
When handed over by the Germans on 21 July, UB-47 was in a "worn out condition". Despite the rough condition of the boat, the U-boat was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 30 July 1917 as SM U-47, dropping the B from the U-boat's former designation. Linienschiffsleutnant Otto Molitor was installed as the U-boat's new commander.
U-47s first success in Austro-Hungarian service came nearly six months later when, on 12 January 1918, Molitor torpedoed the French steamer Mica from Saigon just short of their destination of Milos.
In early April, Linienschiffsleutnant Reichsfreiherr Hugo von Seyffertitz replaced Molitor as commander of U-47, and a month later, von Seyffertitz achieved their first success as U-47s commander. The British steamer Itinda, a ship built in 1900, was sunk north of Susa, Libya, with one man killed. The next victory for von Seyffertitz and U-47 came in September. On the 20th U-47 launched a torpedo attack against the submarine off Cattaro, sinking the French boat.
At the end of the war, U-47 was at Cattaro. In their Austro-Hungarian Navy career, U-47 sank two merchant ships of 6,201 gross register tons, and sank a single warship of displacement. U-47 was ceded to France as a war reparation in 1920, towed to Bizerta, and broken up there within a year.
Summary of raiding history
As the German UB-47
As the Austro-Hungarian U-47
Notes
References
Bibliography
German Type UB II submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1916
U-43-class submarines (Austria-Hungary)
U-boats commissioned in 1917
World War I submarines of Germany
1916 ships
The Luitpoldkaserne, originally Luftschifferkaserne, was a kaserne at Infanteriestraße 19 in Munich, Germany, which was built after 1896 to accommodate the air skippers unit of the Bavarian army, which was disposed in 1890.
History
The small barracks were built together with other military facilities in the North of the old town near the Oberwiesenfeld artillery training area in the end of the 19th century. In 1931/32 the facility was increased. After World War II the barracks were shortly used to house refugees from Eastern Europe, led by the International Refugee Organization and entrusted to the Russians. Those in charge were Russians who had fled Russia in the 1920s. It was rebuilt by the United States forces, housing refugees from Eastern Europe and were used afterwards by the Bundeswehr from 1955 until 1999. In 1957 the Sanitätstruppenschule des Heeres (Army Medical School, later Bundeswehr Medical School) moved to the barracks. In 1980 the follow-on institution moved to the Ernst-von-Bergmann-Kaserne. Other users were the Bundeswehrfachschule Munich, a professional school and predecessor of the Bundeswehrfachschule-/Zivile Aus- und Weiterbildungsbetreuungsstelle B München (BwFachS-/ZAW-BeSt B MCH), and the recruitment center of the Bundeswehr for the region of southern Germany.
In 1999 the facility was abandoned. While waiting for a decision of further use, most of the buildings were rented to civilian companies. The Bundeswehrfachschule stood in the Luitpold-Kaserne until 2005, when it moved to a rented object at Edmund-Rumpler-Straße 9. In 2004 the city of Munich bought the area, and plans to cover it with residential and commercial buildings at long sight. A plan for a housing area initiated by the Deutscher Werkbund was declined by the city.
References
External links
Barracks in Munich
Bundeswehr barracks
Military installations of the United States in Germany
Tomás "Tommy" Joseph Harris (10 April 1908 – 27 January 1964) was a Spanish-speaking MI6 officer who worked with Juan Pujol García, an important double agent for the British during World War II, in what became known as the Garbo deception.
Born of a Spanish mother, Enriqueta Rodriguez, and an English father, Lionel Harris, an art dealer specialising in Spanish paintings, they grew up in a Jewish household in Hampstead, their mother having converted to Judaism at the time of the marriage, Harris continued their father's successful art dealing business, and was essentially an amateur artist himself. Harris had an important collection of Spanish prints, especially those of Goya, which was mostly acquired by the British Museum after their death. In fact, Harris, while still alive, had placed their collection on indefinite loan in the British Museum. The British Museum has 708 objects formerly in their collection, including 22 prints they made himself, and in 1981 published Juliet Wilson Bareau's, Goya's Prints, The Tomás Harris Collection in the British Museum.
They had five siblings: William, Morris, Violeta, Conchita, and Enriqueta Harris (1910—2006), an art historian specializing in Spanish art.
Possible double agent
In 1962, Flora Solomon – a friend of Kim Philby – told Victor Rothschild, who had worked with MI6 during World War II, that they thought that Philby and Tomás Harris had been Soviet spies, since the 1930s. "Those two were so close as to give me an intuitive feeling that Harris was more than a friend."
As a result of this information, MI5 sought to interview Harris. However, Harris was killed in a motor accident at Llucmajor, Mallorca, before an interview could occur. It has been suggested that Harris was murdered. For example, Chapman Pincher suggested that Harris was killed by Soviet agents to prevent them speaking to MI5: Pincher pointed out that the most likely source of any leak was Roger Hollis, then director-general of MI5 who is a Pincher controversially claimed was a Soviet agent.
According to Bill Bristow, Tomas Harris's godson, their father, Desmond Bristow, was a very close friend of Tomas Harris and interviewed Juan Pujol (Garbo) before Tommy became Garbo's case officer. They reveal the fact that Tomas Harris funded Philby's book, which they never wrote. Bill Bristow believes Tommy would have known Philby was a KGB operative but was never involved himself, although it was possible.
In a letter dated 8/September/1981 from Brian Sewell to Dick Brewis, Brian Sewell wrote:
“I had a very long and confidential conversation with an old friend and contemporary of Tomas H last night. It seems clear that TH was involved in espionage, but for the Americans and not the Russians: at their death MI5 managed to suppress information about work done specifically for Eisenhower details of which were know to one particular obit writer.”
The “old friend” was probably Anthony Blunt.
Harris and Pujol
Together they made up a fictional team of 27 fake sub-agents, who were created in order to convince German intelligence that Garbo was a reliable spy. This resulted in what became known as the Garbo deception.
Pujol's and Tomás' network of fictitious agents
References
Bibliography
External links
MI5 Profile (archived)
www.tomasharris.com More information about the life of Tomas Harris (family site)
1908 births
1964 deaths
Secret Intelligence Service personnel
People from Hampstead
Road incident deaths in Spain
British art collectors
Art dealers from London
20th-century English businesspeople
The 1968 Kensington and Chelsea Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
20th century in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Arthur Albert 'Esme' Collings (1859 – 28 March 1936) was an English photographer, miniaturist and the first of the loose association of early film pioneers dubbed the Brighton School by French film historian Georges Sadoul. Collings, whose interest in cinematography may have stemmed from their business association with fellow film pioneer William Friese-Greene, was only active in film production for about a year, has left little trace and is, according to film historian Rachael Low, of local importance only.
Biography
Collings was born in Weston-Super-Mare, England sometime late in 1859, with their birth registered in the last quarter of that year. The son of local bootmaker James Collings, they followed their father into the trade, before their artistic ambitions were nurtured by Keturah Anne Beedle, whom they married in 1887.
Around 1887, Collings and their brother James went into partnership with film pioneer William Friese-Greene running two London photographic studios at 69 New Bond Street and 92 Piccadilly. The partnership of Friese Greene & Collings opened a third London studio at 100 Westbourne Grove and a branch at 69 Western Road, Hove, the following year. Friese-Greene's lack of professionalism and perceived financial mismanagement of the business had however resulted in Collings' dissolution of the partnership by the end of that year. Collings retained control of the Bond Street and Hove studios initially with their brother as James Whyte Collings & A. Esme Collings Ltd. but from 1890 onward as Arthur Esme Collings Limited.
By the time of the 1891 census, Arthur Collings, who is listed as an Artist Photographer, was residing with their wife at 59 Dyke Road, Brighton, where their son Arthur Cyril Esme Collings was born the following year. Around 1893, Collings transferred their studio to 120 Western Road, Hove which they retained their name until World War I.
By the summer of 1896, Collings had taken up residence at 13 Alexandra Villas, Hove and begun to build a catalogue of films including Railway Scene, featuring a train arriving at The Dyke railway station mimicking the Lumière Brothers' Train Pulling into a Station, A Victorian Lady in Them Boudoir, an early erotic film, and The Broken Melody, featuring Dutch cellist Auguste van Biene. On 18 September Collings sent their camera to local engineer Alfred Darling for repairs; Darling, who also may have supplied the camera to Collings, would go on to manufacture their own film equipment and assist fellow pioneers George Albert Smith and James Williamson in perfecting their apparatus. Collings films were shown on Chard's Vitagraph as part of an eight-week run at Bristol's Empire Palace of Varieties commencing 19 October.
In 1897, Collings filmed three scenes based on the popular song Simon the Cellarer for Lewis Sealy to screen accompanied by live singers. A second run of Collings films on Chard's Vitagraph at Bristol's Empire Palace of Varieties commenced the following year. The following year Collings ceased film production to concentrate on miniature portraiture.
By 1906, they had withdrawn from the photography business; closing a second studio they had opened at 89 Kings Road, Hove in 1902 and leaving former army officer Richard Berwick Hope in charge of the Western Road studio, Collings returned to London to focus on their painting. Esme Collings (Hove) Ltd, registered to stock broker Albert Winder Grant and photographers Henry Lawrence and William Leonard Staines in July 1910, closed the Bond Street branch in June 1913 and the Western Road branch sometime after 1915.
On 28 March 1936, Collings died at their home in Eastbourne, Sussex.
Family
Collings' wife Keturah Collings (née Beedle), who initially encouraged them to pursue their artistic ambitions, worked as a photographer and portrait artist in a series of London studios from 1905 until their death in 1948.
Legacy
The pioneering film work of Esme Collings, as well as James Williamson and George Albert Smith, was commemorated in the 1966 BBC Television programme It Began in Brighton, produced by Melvyn Bragg and directed by Tristram Powell.
Filmography
References
1859 births
1936 deaths
People from Hove
British cinema pioneers
Cinema pioneers
English film directors
19th-century English photographers
Photographers from Somerset
The United States national professional ballroom dance champions are crowned at the United States Dance Championships (formerly USDSC, and USBC), as recognized by the National Dance Council of America (NDCA) and the World Dance & DanceSport Council (WD&DSC).
The 9-dance division consists of American-style smooth waltz, tango, foxtrot, Viennese waltz and rhythm cha cha, rumba, East Coast swing, bolero, and mambo.
U.S. National Champions
See also
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Standard)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Latin)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Smooth)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Rhythm)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 10-Dance)
Dancesport World Champions (smooth)
Dancesport World Champions (rhythm)
References
External links
United States Dance Sport Championships (USDSC)
National Dance Council of America (NDCA)
Dancesport Competitions
Dancesport Info
Dancesport in the United States
Eugene George "Gene" Venzke (June 27, 1908 – February 14, 1992) was an American middle-distance runner. Venzke qualified for the Olympic final at 1500 meters in 1936 and set indoor world records at both 1500 meters and the mile.
Career
Gene Venzke had a long career, placing in the top five at the national outdoor championships ten times between 1930 and 1940. Their greatest successes, however, came indoors, as they were national champion in 1932, 1933 and 1936 and also set a number of world records.
Venzke was in excellent shape during the 1932 indoor season. On February 6 they broke the indoor mile world record of Paavo Nurmi and Joie Ray with a clocking of 4:11.2 at the Millrose Games in New York. They improved to 4:10.0 eleven days later at the Baxter Mile, also in New York. On February 27 they broke the 1500 m world record with a time of 3:53.4. Despite their age they were still in high school at the time, having dropped out for several years.
On June 18 Venzke broke the American outdoor record at Cambridge, running 3:52.6. They were considered extremely likely to make the Olympic team. However, they had already lost their best shape, having pulled a muscle in training, and at the Olympic Trials they only placed 4th, missing out by one place; they were still among the leaders with a hundred yards to go, but was passed in the final straight by Norwood Hallowell, Frank Crowley and finally Glenn Cunningham.
At the 1933 indoor championships Venzke beat the Olympic fourth placer, Cunningham, in 3:55.4. But again they failed to maintain their best shape into the summer; at the outdoor championships they were only third and Cunningham broke their American record.
Venzke's main rivals in 1934 and 1935 were Cunningham and Princeton University's Bill Bonthron. At the 1934 NCAA championships Venzke, now a sophomore at the University of Pennsylvania, placed third behind these two. At the national championships Venzke ran 1500 meters in 3:50.5; however, this was only good enough for third place as Bonthron broke the world record. At the 1935 championships they took second behind Cunningham.
Venzke regained their national indoor title in 1936, scoring a close win over Cunningham in a world record time of 3:49.9. At the outdoor championships they were again beaten to third behind Cunningham and Emporia State's Archie San Romani; however, they defeated Bonthron, who was fourth. At the Olympic Trials the following week the same men took the four top spots in the same order, with Venzke in third making the Olympic team ahead of Bonthron. At the Olympics Venzke won their heat and placed 9th in the final.
After the Olympics, they were part of a United States relay team (with Chuck Hornbostel, San Romani and Cunningham) that set a new world record of 17:17.2 in the 4 x Mile relay. They stayed in good shape for many more years, running their personal mile best of 4:08.2 in 1940. Originally from a poor family, Venzke made money as an investor and opened a golf range in Reiffton, Pennsylvania after finally retiring from running.
Notes
References
1908 births
1992 deaths
American male middle-distance runners
People from Douglas County, Minnesota
Penn Quakers men's track and field athletes
World record setters in athletics (track and field)
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
The International University of Management (IUM) is a private, state-recognized university based in Windhoek, Namibia. It has campuses in Swakopmund, Walvis Bay, Ongwediva and Nkurenkuru.
History
The university was founded by David Namwandi in 1994 with one professor and one student in Windhoek North. Namwandi also served as IUM's vice-chancellor from 2001 until they were appointed deputy Minister of Education in 2010. The IUM vice-chancellor position was taken over by Namwandi's wife, Virginia.
In 2002 IUM it was accorded university status. It opened another campus in the Dorado Park neighbourhood of Windhoek in April 2011. President Hifikepunye Pohamba applauded the university's expansion and called for further public-private partnership in tertiary education.
Programs
The university offers Bachelor and Master programs in strategic management information technology, human resources, travel, tourism, and hospitality, business information systems, business administration, finance management, HIV/Aids management and other subjects.
Notable alumni
Pendukeni Ivula-Ithana holds an MBA from IUM
References
External links
Official website International University of Management
Education in Windhoek
Educational institutions established in 1994
Universities in Namibia
1994 establishments in Namibia
Kalenborn may refer to the following places in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany:
Kalenborn, Ahrweiler, in the district of Ahrweiler
Kalenborn, Cochem-Zell, in the district of Cochem-Zell
Kalenborn-Scheuern, in the district of Vulkaneifel
Prabodhanam () is a weekly Islamic magazine published in Malayalam from Kozhikode(Calicut) in Kerala, India.
History
It began as a monthly publication in 1949 but was later turned into a weekly in 1964. The magazine is officially affiliated to the Kerala Branch of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind. Prabodhanam was founded by founder leaders of Kerala Halqa of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, V.P. Mohammed Ali (Haji Sahib) and K.C. Abdullah Moulavi. The publisher of Prabodhanam is Islamic Services Trust based in Kozhikode. Prabodhanam celebrated its sixtieth anniversary in 2009.
References
External links
Official website of Prabodhanam Weekly
Weekly magazines published in India
Magazines established in 1949
Malayalam-language magazines
Religious magazines
Religious mass media in India
Mass media in Kerala
Polyniphes is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Lycaenidae
Lycaenidae genera
Tumbarumba Shire was a local government area in the eastern Riverina region, located in the foothills of the Snowy Mountains, on the upper reaches of the Murray River in New South Wales, Australia. It came into existence in 1906. Prior to this the area covered by the shire was unincorporated. It included the town of Tumbarumba and the small towns of Rosewood, Tooma, Khancoban and Jingellic.
A 2015 review of local government boundaries recommended that the Tumbarumba Shire merge with the Tumut Shire to form a new council. This recommendation was not supported by any of the preceding IPART and Tcorp assessments, which recommended a merger between Tumut and Gundagai shires instead. When the NSW Government released their proposal in December 2015, the Government's website stated that the proposal was 'broadly consistent with Tumut Council's stated preference'. Tumut Council submitted its preferences during a consultation period following the IPART's 'Fit for the Future' report, in October 2015 after it was found 'Not Fit'. Tumbarumba Shire Council did not elect any merger partners as part of this process, with the finding it was 'Fit' as a 'Rural Council'.
As a result, many residents of Tumbarumba Shire viewed Tumut Shire Council's choice to nominate a merger of the Gundagai, Tumbarumba, and Tumut shires as the catalyst behind the NSW Government proposal to merge the Tumbarumba Shire with Tumut Shire, (which was never one of Tumut Shire Council's stated preference). The resulting opposition by the residents of Tumbarumba Shire was almost unanimous, with a publicly convened 'Save Tumbarumba Shire' committee executing an active grass roots, public campaign.
The NSW Government proposal would see a combined Shire with an area of and support a population of approximately . On 12 May 2016, the NSW Government dissolved Tumbarumba Shire and along with Tumut Shire and merged the councils to form the Snowy Valleys Council.
The last mayor of Tumbarumba Shire was Cr. Ian Chaffey, an independent politician.
Council
Current composition and election method
At the time of dissolution, Tumbarumba Shire Council was composed of eight councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All councillors were elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor was elected by the councillors at the first meeting of the council. The last election was held on 8 September 2012 and the makeup of the council was as follows:
The final Council, elected in 2012, in order of election, was:
References
Former local government areas of New South Wales
Michael Douglas Lindsey (born May 4, 1970) is an American former professional baseball catcher, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) during two seasons for the Philadelphia Phillies and Chicago White Sox. They were drafted by the Phillies in the 6th round of the 1987 Major League Baseball draft.
In 1987, Lindsey played their first professional season with the Phillies' Class A (Short Season) Utica Blue Sox farm team, and their last season with the White Sox' Triple-A affiliates Nashville Sounds, and the Baltimore Orioles' Double-A Bowie Baysox in 1994.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Philadelphia Phillies players
Chicago White Sox players
Major League Baseball catchers
Baseball players from Austin, Texas
Nashville Sounds players
Utica Blue Sox players
Seminole State Raiders baseball players
Bowie Baysox players
Clearwater Phillies players
Reading Phillies players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons players
Spartanburg Phillies players
For People in Sorrow is an album by American percussionist Alex Cline performing a composition inspired by the Art Ensemble of Chicago's 1969 album People in Sorrow which was recorded live at the Angel City Jazz Festival in 2011 and released on the Cryptogramophone label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars out of 5, stating "For People in Sorrow is not only a fitting tribute to Mitchell, the work, the AEC, and AACM, but proves a new high-water mark for Cline in terms of discipline, openness, and vision". Writing for JazzTimes, Mike Shanley stated "This rendition makes for an intense listen that stands as both a singular statement and a salute to the composer".
Track listing
Disc One: CD
"A Wild Thing" - 3:55
"People in Sorrow" - 63:47
Disc Two: DVD
For People in Sorrow - 70:18
Personnel
Alex Cline - drums, percussion
Dan Clucas - cornet, flute
Oliver Lake - saxophone, flute
Vinny Golia - woodwinds
Jeff Gauthier - electric violin
Maggie Parkins - cello
G.E. Stinson - electric guitar, electronics
Zeena Parkins - harp
Myra Melford - piano, harmonium
Sister Dang Nghiem - chant, bell
Mark Dresser - bass
Will Salmon - conductor
Larry Ward - recitation
Dwight Trible - voice
References
2013 live albums
Alex Cline live albums
Cryptogramophone Records live albums
Afife Jale (1902 – July 24, 1941) was a Turkish stage actor, best known as the first Muslim theatre actor in Turkey.
Career
Afife was studying at the Girls Industry School in Istanbul; however, they wanted to be an actor. In the Ottoman Empire, Muslim Turkish women were not allowed to play on stage by a decree of the Ministry of the Interior. Only non-Muslim women of Greek, Armenian, or Jewish minorities were eligible for being cast.
Afife's father was against a theatre career of them because they considered it unsound. For this reason, they ran away from their parents' house. They entered as a trainee the theatre of the newly established city conservatory (). The Conservatory had opened up a course to train Muslim women actores with the rationale to play for women audience only.
Afife debuted on stage in 1920, acting as "Emel" in the theatre play "Yamalar" written by Hüseyin Suat. The role had become vacant as the Armenian Eliza Binemeciyan had gone abroad. They took the stage name Jale for this play, and was called from then on as Afife Jale. Performing at "Apollon Theatre" in Kadıköy, Afife Jale became the first ever Muslim Turkish stage actor in the country. They had to be hidden at least twice by their non-Muslim co-actors during police raids in the middle of the play. The management of the conservatory was warned of the restriction that led to their discharge from the theatre in 1921. They then played in some other theatre companies under various stage names.
They found themselves in financial trouble, and began suffering acute headache. They became addicted to morphine after their doctor applied a morphine based therapy to them
In 1923, Mustafa Kemal, the founder of the newly proclaimed Republic, lifted the Ottoman-era ban on stage acting by Muslim women. This led to the end of Afife's fears. They joined the theatre again, and toured in Anatolia. However, their drug addiction caused the worsening of their health that ultimately led to their retirement from the theatre.
Family life
They were born in 1902 in Istanbul to Hidayet and their wife Methiye. They had a sister Behiye and a brother Salâh.
Afife Jale became impoverished after leaving their acting career. In 1928, they met Selahattin Pınar (1902–1960), a tambur virtuoso, at a Turkish classical music concert they attended. The couple married in 1929, and moved to an apartment in Fatih district of Istanbul. The marriage life did not go well, and the couple divorced in 1935 when Afife's morphine addiction affected their marriage negatively. Selahattin Pınar composed a number of musical pieces, which later became classical, referring to their relationship with their wife during their marriage.
Concerned about their substance dependence, Jale's friends from the conservatory took them to the Bakırköy Psychiatric Hospital for therapy. They spent their last years in the hospital, where they died on July 24, 1941. Them burial place was forgotten.
Legacy
In 1987, journalist Nezihe Araz (1922–2009) wrote a theatre play titled "Afife Jale", which was played on stage and turned into a film.
Afife Jale's tragic life was depicted twice in the cinema, first in the 1987 movie Afife Jale directed by Şahin Kaygun, and later in Ceyda Aslı Kılıçkıran's 2008 movie Kilit, with Müjde Ar starring in both.
Premiering in December 1998, the "Modern Dance Company" of the Turkish State Opera and Ballet performed a contemporary ballet suite Afife composed by Turgay Erdener and choreographed by Beyhan Murphy. The two-act work dramatizes Afife's life in four scenes with the colors of gold (youth), red (struggle), purple (addiction), and silver (death). The ballet was performed again in 2012 at the Süreyya Opera House in Kadıköy.
The 2000 released music album Afife contains classical music song by soprano Selva Erdener accompanied by Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra of Moscow Radio.
A documentary movie "Yüzyılın aşkları: Afife ve Selahattin" by Can Dündar, depicting their marriage with Selahattin Pınar, was broadcast in 2004 on the channel CNN Türk.
At the Ortaköy neighborhood of the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul, a cultural center, the "Afife Jale Kültür Merkezi", and a theatre stage, the "Afife Jale Sahnesi", are named after them
Since 1997, the Afife Jale Theatre Award, established by the insurance company Yapı Kredi Sigorta, is given to distinguished theatre actors annually in their honor.
References
1902 births
Actresses from Istanbul
Turkish stage actores
1941 deaths
Drug-related deaths in Turkey
20th-century Turkish actores
Rients Dijkstra (1902-1970) was a Dutch lawyer and journalist. They operated a law office and had business dealings with the Tuschinski family; they were also a journalist for the daily newspaper De Telegraaf and part owner of De Groene Amsterdammer. They also played an important role in the country's cultural life, befriending and supporting writers and artists.
References
1902 births
1970 deaths
20th-century Dutch lawyers
20th-century Dutch journalists
Dutch newspaper editors
Lawyers from Amsterdam
Journalists from Amsterdam
Evgeny Isayevich Klebanov (Евге́ний Иса́евич Клеба́нов), known also as Eugene Klebanov (born in Moscow, on 9 February 1954), is a Russian former rugby union player, league coach, Master of Sports of the USSR, Merited Coach of Russia in rugby, five-times winner of the Moscow rugby championship and runner-up at the USSR rugby championship in 1990. They have coached for a long time Russia at the 2003, 2004 and 2005 European Nations Cups and other international tournaments. Klebanov also trained over 100 Masters of Sports of the USSR and Russia. Currently they are the head coach of the National Rosbol Federation of Russia and the Superball Academy.
Biography
Born on 9 February 1954, They graduated from the Moscow Regional State Institute of Physical Culture with a degree in trainer-teacher (Department of Sports Games) in 1989.
Career
Between 1975 and 1975, Klebanov played for the Moscow representative team, later, they played for between 1976 and 1982 for Fili and Lokomotiv.
Coaching career
They began their coaching career in 1983, becoming a coach of the Moscow team of Masters and for Lokomotiv, leading the latter until 2012. Under their leadership, the club won the USSR Rugby Championship in 1983, and in 1991 entered the professional Rugby League Championship and won the title of Russian champions 12 times and the Russian Cup 8 times.
In 1984, Klebanov was appointed head coach of the Moscow rugby team. Later, in 1988, they became the coach of the USSR B national team. Since 1990, they were appointed coach of the USSR national team, between 1992 and 2012 they coached the Russia national rugby league team. The team played at the in 1995 Emerging Nations Tournament and 2000 Rugby League World Cup.
In 2006 they served as the team's Manager in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup qualifying matches.
In 2009 they were the CEO and Head Coach of RC Lokomotiv Moscow when the club decided to switch to rugby union.
References
External links
Eugene Klebanov at rugbyleagueproject.com
Living people
Russian rugby league coaches
Russia national rugby league team coaches
Rugby league administrators
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
1954 births
Sportspeople from Moscow
Russian rugby union players
Russian rugby union coaches
Klimpfjäll (Southern Sami language: Klimhpe el. Klimhpese) is a village located in Vilhelmina Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden, about 20 km from the border to Norway and 120 km from Vilhelmina. Until the end of the 1980s, the village was a mining community and the population was well above 500. Following the closing of the mining, it declined to about 100 inhabitants in 2013.
In the village there are several small companies focusing on tourism. During the wintertime many choose to visit Klimpfjäll for snowmobiling, snowboarding, skiing and ice fishing. There is a slalom slope located in the village with various levels of difficulty on the slopes, one for smaller kids and an additional 13 slopes for the more experienced skier.
The village has a hotel and one shop besides from the slalom slope. There are various tracks for snow mobilers and in the summer multiple mountains to climb.
References
Sources
Eniro Maps
Information about population and area on Statistiska centralbyrån's website
Klimpfjällsgården (Klimpfjäll Farm)'s website
Norgefarargården's website
klimpfjall.se
Populated places in Västerbotten County
Maison Rouge (French, 'Red House') may refer to:
Maison-Rouge, a commune in France
La Maison Rouge, an art gallery in Paris, France
Maison Rouge, the home of pirate Jean Lafitte in Galveston, Texas, U.S.
See also
Red House (disambiguation)
Maison (disambiguation)
Rouge (disambiguation)
The handsome fruiteater (Pipreola formosa) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. It is endemic to coastal mountains of northern Venezuela. Two populations of the species live in the northern mountainous regions, separated by . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Description
The male handsome fruiteater has a black head and throat, and green upper parts, with pale tips to the tertial feathers of the wings. It has a bright orange upper breast and a yellow belly. The female lacks black on head and throat but otherwise has similar green upper parts, including white-tipped tertials. The throat is green above a small patch of yellow. The rest of the underparts are either barred or scaled in green and yellow. The male is distinctive as no other fruiteaters within its range have a similar orange breast. The female can be distinguished from the golden-breasted fruiteater (P. aureopectus) as the female golden-breasted fruiteater does not have a yellow chest patch and has streaked underparts instead of barring seen in the handsome fruiteater.
Distribution and habitat
The handsome fruiteater is native to the mountains of northern Venezuela where its habitat is humid forests at lower and medium elevations, ranging between about above sea level. It occupies two separate disjunct areas.
Ecology
The main diet of the handsome fruiteater is small fruits, either eaten while perched, or grabbed in a brief period of hovering flight. It is sometimes seen feeding for a short while in mixed-species flocks. Little is known of its reproductive habits, but it has been observed to be moulting in June and July and has presumably bred before this.
Status
This bird is endemic to Venezuela and has a relatively small range, but it is reported as being fairly common. Its total population is unknown but the population trend seems to be stable so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the bird as being a "least-concern species".
References
External links
handsome fruiteater
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Endemic birds of Venezuela
handsome fruiteater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
1918 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 12th water polo championship in Hungary. There were two teams who played one match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1918 in water polo
1918 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
A loose snow avalanche is an avalanche formed in snow with little internal cohesion among individual snow crystals. Usually very few fatalities occur from loose snow avalanches, as the avalanches have a tendency to break beneath the person and are usually small even having a path as small as a few centimeters, and as a result are sometimes called "harmless sloughs" that usually at most cause the person to merely fall. However based on the terrain loose snow avalanches can grow large, and have been known to carry people off a cliff and into a crevass or bury them in a gully, and even completely destroy houses and other similar buildings. Ideal conditions for a loose snow avalanche are steep slope angles of 40 degrees and more, persistent sub-zero temperatures and low humidity, moderate to heavy snowfall, and also in an area where winds are very light or are not affecting the density of the snow. This produces light, fluffy snow that is hard or unable to pack.
Small loose snow avalanches can even be a sign of stability of the snow, as slabs are triggered by a hard layer of snow over a very soft and weak layer of snow, and loose snow avalanches consist of a very soft layer of snow on a hard layer or the ground.
See also
Slab avalanche
References
Avalanches
The County of Zeeland () was a county of the Holy Roman Empire in the Low Countries. It covered an area in the Scheldt and Meuse delta roughly corresponding to the modern Dutch province of Zeeland. The County of Zeeland did not include the region of Zeelandic Flanders which was part of Flanders; conversely, the modern Province of Zeeland does not include Sommelsdijk, historically part of the County of Zeeland.
History
Historically the area was often under the influence of its stronger neighbors, the County of Holland, the County of Hainaut and the County of Flanders. In 1012 Emperor Henry II the Saint enfeoffed the French count Baldwin IV of Flanders with Zeeland after which both counties were ruled in personal union, contested by northern Holland from the beginning. In 1167 a war broke out between the counties, after which Count Floris III of Holland had to acknowledge the overlordship of Count Philip of Flanders in Zeeland. Count Floris IV of Holland (1222-1234) reconquered Zeeland, which from the accession of Count Floris V, the son of William II of Holland, in 1256 was ruled in personal union by Holland.
By the 1323 Treaty of Paris between Flanders and Hainaut-Holland, the Count of Flanders reneged from claims on Zeeland and recognized the count of Holland as Count of Zeeland. Nevertheless, Zeeland remained a separate administrative unit, which in turn was under the administration of the counts of Holland. In 1432 it was annexed by the Burgundian duke Philip the Good and became part of the Burgundian Netherlands. After the death of Mary of Burgundy in 1482, Zeeland according to the Treaty of Senlis was one of the Seventeen Provinces held by the House of Habsburg, which in 1512 joined the Burgundian Circle.
After the Eighty Years' War, Zeeland was one of the United Provinces of the Dutch Republic established in 1581. Both before and after Dutch independence Zeeland shared some institutions with the States of Holland and West Friesland, such as the supreme court, the Supreme Council of Holland, Zeeland and West-Friesland, after the northern provinces had removed themselves from imperial authority and the jurisdiction of the Grand Council of Mechelen.
After establishment of the States-General of the Netherlands in 1583, Middelburg initially became the place of assembly. From 1585 on they were held in The Hague. As a (theoretically) independent (part) state the county Zealand ceased to exist under the Batavian Republic in 1795, when it became a département. Together with Zeelandic Flanders it today forms the province of Zeeland.
Rulers of Zeeland
Cities in the County of Zeeland
Voting cities, in order of importance:
Middelburg (1217)
Zierikzee (1248)
Reimerswaal (1374) until 1574 voting in the States of Zeeland,
Goes (1405)
Tholen (1366)
Vlissingen (1315) voting in the States of Zeeland from 1574 on
Veere (1355) voting in the States of Zeeland from 1574 on
Small Towns (no seat in the States of Zeeland):
Arnemuiden (1574)
Brouwershaven (1477)
Domburg (1223)
Kortgene (1431)
Sint Maartensdijk (1491)
Westkapelle (1223)
See also
Count of Holland
Former polities in the Netherlands
Counties of the Holy Roman Empire
County
Seventeen Provinces
Oboronia is an Afrotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Oboronia albicosta (Gaede, 1916)
Oboronia bueronica Karsch, 1895
Oboronia guessfeldti (Dewitz, 1879)
Oboronia liberiana Stempffer, 1950
Oboronia ornata (Mabille, 1890)
Oboronia pseudopunctatus (Strand, 1912)
Oboronia punctatus (Dewitz, 1879)
References
* Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 74
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Ferdinand Karsch
Greatest Hits is the title of two compilation albums released by the American rock band Survivor in 1989 and 1993.
The first Survivor The Greatest Hits album was released in 1989, after the band went on indefinite hiatus following the commercial failure of their 1988 album Too Hot to Sleep. The album covers 10 of the band's singles from 1981 to 1988.
The package was reissued in 1993 featuring two new songs recorded with original lead vocalist Dave Bickler.
Track listings
References
External links
Survivor (band) albums
1989 greatest hits albums
1993 greatest hits albums
Albums produced by Ron Nevison
Scotti Brothers Records compilation albums
was a town located in Tagata District, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, in central Izu Peninsula.
As of March 1, 2004, final population data before the amalgamation, the town had an estimated population of 16,328 and a density of 236.5 persons per km². The total area was 69.04 km².
On April 1, 2004 Shuzenji, along with the towns of Amagiyugashima, Nakaizu and Toi (all from Tagata District), was merged to create the city of Izu.
Shuzenji was located in an inland region of Izu Peninsula and was noted for its numerous onsen hot spring resorts. The area was also noted for its production of wasabi and shiitake.
The town of Shuzenji was founded on April 1, 1889 within Kimisawa District, Shizuoka. In 1896, Kimisawa District was abolished and became part of Tagata District.
External links
Izu City official website (Japanese)
Dissolved municipalities of Shizuoka Prefecture
Izu, Shizuoka
The 2021–22 season was the 111th season in existence of Clermont Foot and its first in the Ligue 1, the French top flight. In addition to the domestic league, Clermont participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Goalscorers
References
Clermont Foot seasons
Clermont
The band-tailed manakin (Pipra fasciicauda) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical swamps, and heavily degraded former forest. It forms a superspecies with both the Crimson-hooded manakin (Pipra aureola) and the Wire-tailed Manakin (Pipra filicauda).
References
band-tailed manakin
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Paraguay
band-tailed manakin
band-tailed manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Trichoptilus pygmaeus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in North America, including California, Florida and British Columbia.
The wingspan is about . The head and thorax are pale fawn in color. The abdomen is whitish, with a tinge of fawn color on the sides and above posteriorly. The forewings are very pale fawn color, dusted with fuscous brown scales along the costa, especially above the base of the fissure and near the base of the hind margin. Two indistinct white stripes cross the lobes of the forewings, one beyond and the other before the middle, cutting the fawn-colored fringes on each side. The hindwings are pale greyish-brown, with cinereous fringes interrupted with white behind and at the apex.
The larvae feed on Chrysopsis scabrella and Arctostaphylos columbiana. They feed on the young leaves and bracts of unopened flowers of Chrysopsis species.
Taxonomy
Trichoptilus potentellus is sometimes listed as a synonym of Trichoptilus pygmaeus.
References
Moths described in 1880
Oxyptilini
Moths of North America
The Castellano is a river in Italy. Its source is in the Monti della Laga mountains near the border between the province of Teramo and the province of Rieti north of Monte Gorzano. It flows northeast through the mountains in the province of Teramo and eventually forms the border between the province of Teramo and the province of Ascoli Piceno. The river flows west of Monte dei Fiori before entering the province of Ascoli Piceno. The river joins the Tronto at Ascoli Piceno.
References
Rivers of the Province of Ascoli Piceno
Rivers of the Province of Teramo
Rivers of Italy
Adriatic Italian coast basins
James Hill (died 1727) was an English barrister and antiquary.
Life
A native of Herefordshire, Hill was called to the bar as a member of the Middle Temple.
In 1718 Hill became a member of the Society of Antiquaries of London, and a Fellow of the Royal Society 30 April 1719. At a meeting of the Society of Antiquaries on 3 January 1722 it was decided to attempt a complete history of British coins. Hill undertook to describe the Saxon coins in the Earl of Oxford's possession, while their own collection was to be catalogued by George Holmes. The plan was not carried through.
A few years before their death Hill moved permanently to Herefordshire. They still corresponded with other antiquaries, especially Roger Gale and William Stukeley. A collection of thirty-five ancient Herefordshire deeds, most of them marked with Hill's name, was given by Joshua Blew, librarian of the Inner Temple and from Herefordshire, to Andrew Coltée Ducarel.
Legacy
At their dying request, Hill's father showed their Herefordshire collections to Samuel Gale in March 1728, who thought they couldn't be published. In 1752 Isaac Taylor of Ross bought the papers of Hill's brother, a schoolmaster in Herefordshire, for John Roberts, M.B., also of Ross, who indexed them and made additions. After Roberts's death in 1776 the collection, now about twenty volumes, passed back to Taylor, who sold them in 1778 to Thomas Clarke, F.S.A., principal registrar of the diocese of Hereford. On Clarke's death in March 1780 they came to the Rev. James Clarke. Clarke offered to sell them to John Allen the youngest of Hereford, but they could not agree on a price. Via other hands and Belmont Priory, the papers came to Hereford City Library.
Hill also wrote verse. Isaac Taylor had soliloquy of Hill's "on hearing a parent correct their child with curses". A more ambitious poem was mentioned by Maurice Johnson, junior, in a letter to Stukeley, dated 14 October 1719. Verses on Hill's death are in John Husband's Miscellany of Poems (pp. 134–40), Oxford, 1731, implying that Hill wrote some lines on "Eternity" about ten hours before their death.
Works
Between 1715 and 1717 Hill issued proposals for publishing by subscription a history of the city of Hereford. They proposed to follow this by another volume, a county history. The plan was printed in Richard Rawlinson's English Topographer,' 1720, pp. 71–3. Nothing came of the project.
Hill showed the Society of Antiquaries in 1718 many drawings and plans from travels in the west of England that summer. One of their drawings, a west view and ichnography of Tintern Abbey, Monmouthshire, was engraved by J. Harris for John Stevens's History of Antient Abbeys, 1723. In 1722 they exhibited to the Society surveys of Ariconium and Hereford.
Notes
Attribution
Year of birth missing
1727 deaths
English barristers
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Fellows of the Royal Society
Bas van der Valk (born 25 April 1984) is a former professional tennis player from the Netherlands.
Biography
Born in Delft, van der Valk had success as a junior, with a title win at the 2002 US Open, partnering with countryman Michel Koning in the boys' doubles event. They had made their only main draw appearance on the ATP Tour earlier in 2002 at the Ordina Open in Rosmalen, where they and Koning were a wildcard pairing in the doubles and made the quarter-finals by beating fourth seeds Michael Hill and Daniel Vacek.
A left-handed player, they continued to play on tour until 2010, reaching the best ranking in doubles of 428 in the world. They won eight ITF doubles titles and was a doubles runner-up at the Alphen Challenger in their final season.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Dutch male tennis players
US Open (tennis) junior champions
Sportspeople from Delft
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' doubles
Benjamin Anzelwitz, known professionally as Ben Bernie (May 30, 1891 – October 23, 1943), was an American jazz violinist, bandleader, and radio personality, often introduced as "The Old Maestro". They were noted for their showmanship and memorable bits of snappy dialogue, being part of the first generation of "stars" of American popular music, alongside other artists such as Paul Whiteman (a fellow violinist and bandleader), Ted Lewis and Al Jolson.
Career
Early years
Bernie was born Bernard Anzelevitz (another source says Benjamin Anzelevitz) in Bayonne, New Jersey. They attended Columbia University and the New York College of Music. By the age of 15 they were teaching violin, but this experience apparently diminished their interest in the violin for a time.
Bernie performed in vaudeville, appearing with Charles Klass as The Fiddle Up Boys in 1912 and with Phil Baker as Baker and Bernie, but they met with little success until 1922 when they joined their first orchestra. Later, they had their own band, The Lads, seen in the early DeForest Phonofilm sound short, Ben Bernie and All the Lads (1924–25), featuring pianist Oscar Levant. They toured with Maurice Chevalier and in Europe.
Radio and other performances
Bernie and their orchestra were heard November 15, 1926, via a remote broadcast from the Hotel Roosevelt in New York City, on the first NBC broadcast. In 1928, they starred in the Broadway musical, Here's Howe, as Dan Danny.
Their musical variety radio shows through the 1930s, usually titled, Ben Bernie, The Old Maestro received ratings that placed them among radio's top ten programs. They were heard on radio as early as 1923, broadcasting on WJZ and the NBC Blue Network in 1930–31, sponsored by Mennen. After a 1931–32 run on CBS, sponsored by Blue Ribbon Malt, which was acquired by Pabst Beer (during Prohibition, they sold malt syrup, the primary ingredient in brewing "homemade beer"), they were heard Tuesdays on NBC from 1932–1935, also with Pabst. Their announcer during this period was Jimmy Wallington.
On the Blue Network from 1935–1937, Bernie's sponsor was the American Can Company. They returned to CBS in 1938, sponsored by U.S. Rubber. With Half-&-Half Tobacco as a sponsor, they hosted a musical quiz program from 1938 to 1940. From 1940–41, Bromo-Seltzer was their sponsor on the Blue Network. Wrigley's Gum sponsored The Ben Bernie War Workers' Program (1941–43). They also made guest appearances on other radio shows. They appeared in four feature films Shoot the Works (1934), Stolen Harmony (1935),Wake Up and Live (1937), and Love and Hisses (1937)
Their theme was "It's a Lonesome Old Town" and their signature trademark, "yowsah, yowsah, yowsah" (also spelled "yowsa" or "yowza"), became a national catchphrase. The term was memorably used by a character in the film They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (1969), Richie Cunningham in a 1976 episode of Happy Days, "They Shoot Fonzies, Don't They?" (1976), by the band Chic with their hit "Dance, Dance, Dance (Yowsah, Yowsah, Yowsah)" (1977), Frank Zappa in their 1979 single "Dancin' Fool" and Ritch Brinkley as Cappy in 1994's comedy, Cabin Boy.
Announcers for Bernie's programs included Harlow Wilcox, Harry von Zell and Bob Brown. Their radio shows featured comedy from Lew Lehr and Fuzzy Knight, and the line-up of vocalists included Buddy Clark, Little Jackie Heller, Scrappy Lambert, Pat Kennedy, Jane Pickens, Dinah Shore, and Mary Small.
To boost ratings, Walter Winchell and Bernie, who were good friends, staged a fake rivalry similar to the comedic conflict between Jack Benny and Fred Allen. This mutually beneficial "feud" was a running gag on their radio appearances and continued in two films in which they portrayed themselves: Wake Up and Live (1937) and Love and Hisses (1937). They are also caricatured in the Warner Bros. cartoons The Woods Are Full of Cuckoos (1937) as "Ben Birdie" and "Walter Finchell" and The Coo-Coo Nut Grove (1936) as "Ben Birdie" and "Walter Windpipe".
Recordings
Bernie's orchestra recorded throughout the 1920s and 1930s on Vocalion (1922–25), Brunswick (1925–33), Columbia (1933), Decca (1936), and ARC (Vocalion and OKeh) (1939–40). In 1923 Bernie and the Hotel Roosevelt Orchestra recorded "Who's Sorry Now?".
In 1925 Ben Bernie and their orchestra recorded "Sweet Georgia Brown". Bernie was the co-composer of this jazz standard, which became the theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters.
Personal life
On December 24, 1915, Bernie married Rose Harris (maiden; 1893–1965) in Manhattan, New York. They had a son, Jason H. Bernie (1918–1969). Ben and Rose Bernie separated in September 1931 and divorced September 1935. In October 1935, Ben Bernie remarried Dorothy P. Wesley (1908–1990) in Miami, Florida.
Bernie died from a pulmonary embolism in October 1943, aged 52, and was buried in Mount Hebron Cemetery, in Queens, New York.
Bernie has a star at 6280 Hollywood Boulevard in the Radio section of the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It was dedicated February 8, 1960.
Selected discography
"Sweet Georgia Brown" July 1925 (#1 hit for 5 weeks)
"Sleepy Time Gal" March 1926 (#1 hit for 4 weeks)
"Ain't They Sweet" May 1927 (#1 hit for 4 weeks)
"Marching Along Together" August 21, 1933 (Columbia)
"We Won't Have to Sell the Farm" (Columbia)
"The Duke Is on a Bat Again" (Columbia)
"Ain't That Marvelous" (Columbia)
"This Is Romance" Voc. Frank Prince, Sept. 19, 1933 (Columbia)
"You Gotta Be a Football Hero", Sept. 19, 1933 (Columbia)
"Shanghai Lil", Sept. 26, 1933 (Columbia)
"Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf", Sept. 26, 1933 (Columbia)
References
Bibliography
Dunning, John. On the Air: The Encyclopedia of Old-Time Radio, Oxford University Press, 1998.
External links
Ben Bernie and All the Lads (1924-25) made in Phonofilm by Lee DeForest
Ben Bernie recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings
1891 births
1943 deaths
Deaths from pulmonary embolism
Burials at Mount Hebron Cemetery (New York City)
American jazz bandleaders
American jazz violinists
American male musical theatre actors
American radio bandleaders
American radio personalities
Big band bandleaders
Vaudeville performers
Vocalion Records artists
Brunswick Records artists
Columbia Records artists
Decca Records artists
American male violinists
20th-century violinists
American male jazz musicians
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
The Canadian Modern Language Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on second language learning and teaching. CMLR publishes articles in English and French and is published by the University of Toronto Press.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
Academic Search Alumni Edition
Academic Search Complete
Academic Search Elite
Academic Search Premier
Book Review Digest Plus
Canadian Almanac & Directory
CBCA Education
Canadian Periodical Index
Canadian Reference Centre
China Education Publications Import & Export Corporation (CEPIEC)
Communication & Mass Media Complete
Communication & Mass Media Index
Communication Source
CrossRef
CSA Sociological Abstracts
Cultures, Langues, Textes: La revue de sommaires
Education Abstracts
Education Full Text
Education Research Complete
Education Source
EJS EBSCO Electronic Journals Service
Google Scholar
International Bibliography of the Social Sciences (IBSS)
Language Teaching
Microsoft Academic Search
MLA International Bibliography
OmniFile Full Text Mega
Project MUSE
ScienceDirect Navigator
Scopus
Social Sciences Citation Index
Ulrich's Periodicals Directory
References
External links
University of Toronto Press academic journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1967
English-language journals
Namar (, also Romanized as Namār; also known as Namārestāq, Namāristāq, and Namāristōq) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 48 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Phytala is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae endemic to the Afrotropical realm. The single species of this genus, Phytala elais, the giant forest blue, is found in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Sudan and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
Subspecies
Phytala elais elais (eastern Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria: south and the Cross River loop, Cameroon, Gabon, Congo)
Phytala elais catori Bethune-Baker, 1903 (Sierra Leone, Liberia, western Ivory Coast)
Phytala elais ugandae Jackson, 1964 (Democratic Republic of the Congo, southern Sudan, Uganda)
References
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 64
Poritiinae
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by John O. Westwood
Lycaenidae genera
Cho Sung-hoon (; born 21 April 1998) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Pohang Steelers.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1998 births
Living people
Soongsil University alumni
South Korean footballers
Association football goalkeepers
K League 1 players
Pohang Steelers players
Events in the year 1898 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
The Bulgarian News Agency was founded
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Craig Anthony Shelton (born May 1, 1957) is a retired American basketball player. They played in parts of two seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Shelton, a 6'7" small forward from Dunbar High School in Washington, D.C., played college basketball with their high school teammate John Duren at Georgetown University from 1976 to 1980. For their college career, Shelton scored 1,409 points (15.2 per game) and collected 691 rebounds (7.4 per game).
After the close of their college career, Shelton was drafted in the second round of the 1980 NBA Draft by the Atlanta Hawks (28th overall). They played for the Hawks for the 1980–81 NBA season, and played 4 games of the 1981–82 season before being waived. They would play the remainder of the season in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) for the Atlantic City Hi-Rollers and Lancaster Lightning. They then played several seasons in Italy.
References
External links
Italian League profile
1957 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks draft picks
Atlanta Hawks players
Atlantic City Hi-Rollers players
Basket Mestre 1958 players
Basketball players from Washington, D.C.
Dunbar High School (Washington, D.C.) alumni
Fulgor Libertas Forlì players
Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball players
Lancaster Lightning players
Pallacanestro Trieste players
Small forwards
Oxford time is the custom of having scheduled events occur five minutes past the specified time. It is a peculiar tradition of timekeeping in Oxford, especially in connection with the University of Oxford.
Astronomical background
As a result of the rotation of the Earth, the mean solar time of places that differ from each other in longitude deviates from one another; this deviation amounts to four minutes of time per degree difference in geographical longitude, or one hour per fifteen degrees. For a long time, it was common practice in different cities to actually use this local mean solar time as a basis for timekeeping, so that time differences between different cities could also form within one country. It was not until the 19th century that time zones were introduced, whereby a common legal time was defined for a larger area, such as a state. In Great Britain the mean solar time at the Greenwich meridian was defined as the national standard, against which the mean solar time at Oxford is delayed by five minutes.
Oxford time today
Out of tradition, local Oxford mean time is still used as a basis for some events in the city, as opposed to the more common Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) defined by the Greenwich meridian. The consequence of this is that, when measured a clock set to GMT, events begin five minutes after the specified time. This applies, for example, to lectures, the closing of college doors and services in Christ Church Cathedral. Despite superficial similarities, the Oxford period, therefore, has a historical background that differs from that of the academic quarter used in some continental European universities.
Unlike GMT, Oxford time observes British summer time, as civil time in the UK does. This means, for example, that during the period when summer time is in effect, a university lecture scheduled for 9:00 Oxford time would commence at 9:05 British Summer Time (BST), corresponding to 8:05 GMT.
In literature
Lewis Carroll, who themselves taught at Oxford, took Oxford time as the inspiration for the perennially unpunctual White Rabbit in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
See also
Academic quarter (class timing)
References
Culture in Oxford
Culture of the University of Oxford
History of the University of Oxford
Time in the United Kingdom
The XL Center (originally known as the Hartford Civic Center) is a multi-purpose arena and convention center located in downtown Hartford, Connecticut. Owned by the City of Hartford, it is managed by the quasi-public Capital Region Development Authority (CRDA) under a lease with the city and operated by Spectra. In December 2007, the center was renamed when the arena's naming rights were sold to XL Group insurance company in a six-year agreement. The arena is ranked the 28th largest among college basketball arenas. It opened in 1975 as the Hartford Civic Center and was originally located adjacent to Civic Center Mall, which was demolished in 2004. It consists of two facilities: the Veterans Memorial Coliseum and the Exhibition Center.
On March 21, 2007, the CRDA selected the Northland/Anschutz Entertainment Group proposal to operate the arena complex; Northland also developed the Hartford 21 residential tower on the adjacent Civic Center Mall site. It was revealed that Northland will assume total responsibility for the building paying for any and all losses, and will keep any profits. In 2012, the CRDA put the contract out to bid with hopes of combining the operations with Rentschler Field. In February 2013 Global Spectrum of Philadelphia was chosen to take over both the XL Center and Rentschler Field with Ovations Food Services taking over all food and beverage operations.
Hartford Civic Center
The Civic Center is the full-time home of the Hartford Wolf Pack AHL hockey team and part-time home of the University of Connecticut (UConn) men's and women's basketball teams and the UConn Huskies men's ice hockey team. Starting in the late 1990s, UConn men's basketball moved most of their important games—including the bulk of their Big East Conference games—to the Coliseum. During the 2011–2012 season, for instance, they played 11 home games at the Coliseum and only eight at their on-campus facility, Gampel Pavilion. This practice continued when the Huskies joined the American Athletic Conference, successor to the original Big East, in 2013. The UConn men's hockey team uses the XL Center as its primary home as the newest men's member of Hockey East.
It was the home of the New England/Hartford Whalers of the WHA and NHL from 1975 to 1978 and 1980 to 1997, and the Hartford Hellions of the MISL from 1980 to 1981, and the New England Blizzard of the ABL from 1996 to 1998, and hosted occasional Boston Celtics home games from 1975 to 1995. One of the most famous shots Larry Bird ever made, although it did not count, took place at the Hartford Civic Center: the shot from behind the backboard. It was the home of the Connecticut Coyotes and later the New England Sea Wolves of the Arena Football League.
The arena seats 15,635 for ice hockey and 16,294 for basketball, 16,606 for center-stage concerts, 16,282 for end-stage concerts, and 8,239 for -end stage concerts, and contains 46 luxury suites and a 310-seat Coliseum Club, plus of arena floor space, enabling it to be used for trade shows and conventions in addition to concerts, circuses, ice shows, sporting events and other events. The graduation ceremonies of Central Connecticut State University and other local colleges are also held annually at the XL Center.
Early history and roof collapse
As originally built in 1975, it seated 10,507 for hockey, and served as the home of the then–New England Whalers for three years. In the early morning of January 18, 1978, the Civic Center's roof collapsed. Engineering analyses during litigation following the collapse indicated that compression members were overloaded through undersizing and underestimation of the probable loadings, and that lateral bracing of individual members was insufficient. "The roof did not fail due to the heavy snow that fell on that January night. According to the official City investigation, the roof began progressive failure as soon as it had been installed. Contributing factors included design errors, an underestimation of the weight of the roof, and differences between the design and the actual built structure."
Investigations attributed the design issues to the unprecedented use of and trust in computer analysis. An absence of peer review for the novel structure and design process, and fragmentation of oversight responsibility during construction were also cited as contributing factors. Evidence showed that the roof had started to fail during construction, with bowed compression members. These distortions, and an unpredicted degree of deflection in the structure, were not investigated before the collapse. There were no injuries due to the collapse. The building was heavily renovated and re-opened January 17, 1980.
The Arena hosted the Hartford Whalers from January 11, 1975, to April 13, 1997. Shortly thereafter the team relocated to Raleigh to become the Carolina Hurricanes. In 1994, new owner Peter Karmanos purchased the team and pledged to keep the Whalers in Connecticut until 1998, unless they could not sell over 11,000 season tickets. After failed negotiations to build a new downtown arena for the Whalers with then-governor John G. Rowland, on March 25, 1997, Karmanos announced that the team would leave. The New York Rangers, looking to capitalize on Hartford as a potential market, placed its farm team there to become the Hartford Wolf Pack starting in 1997. After a short stint as the Connecticut Whale, they reverted to the Wolf Pack moniker in 2013.
Current arena and recent renovations
In September 2010, the arena was upgraded with a new center-hung scoreboard with four Sony Jumbotrons and a state-of-the-art sound system.
The Connecticut State Legislature set aside $35 million in funding for improvements to the XL Center that began in early spring 2014 and completed in time for the start of the 2014–15 seasons of the Wolf Pack and UConn men's hockey in October. Improvements included upgrades to the mechanical system, locker rooms and concourse, replacing jumbotrons with a new HD video board, as well as aesthetic improvements such as a new bar area inside the arena and luxury seating in the lower bowl. A portion of the $35 million allocation went towards a study on the arena's long-term viability; either more major renovations or replacing it with a new facility.
Sports Betting Lounge—An agreement template is under review by both CRDA and the CT Lottery Corporation (CLC). The agreement will stipulate that CLC will operate the betting components of the new facility through its subcontractor, Rush Street Gaming. In turn, CRDA, through Spectra Venue Management, will operate the food and beverage component, along with maintaining the facility as part 6 of the XL Center. Net betting proceeds will flow to CRDA through the Office of Policy and Management. The facility is expected to open in late 2022 or early 2023.
Events
The XL Center has held many notable events including:
The ECAC New England Region Tournament, a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I men's college basketball tournament organized by the Eastern College Athletic Conference (ECAC), took place at the Hartford Civic Center on March 3 and 5, 1977. The tournament champion received an automatic bid to the 1977 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament.
The 1982 Big East Conference and 1988–1990 America East Conference men's basketball tournaments were also here, as well as occasional games of the UConn Huskies men's basketball team.
Rock groups the Grateful Dead performed at the arena 18 times, on 5/28/77, 5/10/80, 3/14/81, 4/17/82, 4/18/82, 10/14/83, 10/15/83, 10/14/84, 10/15/84, 4/3/86, 4/4/86, 3/26/87, 3/27/87, 4/3/88, 4/4/88, 4/5/88, 3/18/90, and 3/19/90. The concerts from May 28, 1977, October 14, 1983, March 18, 1990, and March 19, 1990, were released in entirety on the live albums To Terrapin: Hartford '77, Dick's Picks Volume 6, Spring 1990 (The Other One), and Spring 1990 (album).
The PBR (Professional Bull Riders) made their first-ever visit to the XL Center for a Built Ford Tough Series (now known as they Unleash the Beast Series) event the weekend of October 7–9, 2011.
The arena hosted the Kellogg's Tour of Gymnastics Champions in 2016.
The arena has hosted many professional wrestling events; including 1990 Survivor Series (which saw the debut of popular wrestling legend The Undertaker), WrestleMania XI, 2000 No Way Out, 2004 Vengeance, and 2019 Money in the Bank.
Boston Celtics
International basketball games
International hockey games
UConn Huskies
The XL Center serves as the second home for the University of Connecticut's men's and women's basketball programs. At the start of the 2014–15 season the UConn men's ice hockey program moved to the XL Center as a condition of its joining Hockey East. In September 2018, the UConn Board of Trustees approved a plan to build a new 2,500-seat arena with 500 seat-backs in Storrs with the option to expand to 3,500 seats if necessary. Though Hockey East requires arenas to hold at least 4,000, UConn received a waiver for the project since the expectation is for the Huskies' men's hockey program to continue to play some of its games at the XL Center in Hartford. The target construction date is April 2021 with substantial completion wanted by October 2022. If everything stays on track, the arena would open in December 2022.
UConn Hockey Attendance Records
Exhibition center
The Exhibition Center consists of a exhibit hall, a assembly hall that can divide into two meeting rooms, plus seven meeting rooms totaling and two lobbies totaling . It is used for trade shows, conventions, banquets, meetings and other events.
The surrounding shopping mall was torn down in 2004 and was replaced by street-level retail shops and a 36-story residential tower named Hartford 21 which opened in 2006 and is the tallest residential tower between New York City and Boston.
See also
List of convention centers in the United States
List of NCAA Division I basketball arenas
References
Notes
External links
XL Center
American Hockey League venues
Basketball venues in Connecticut
Boston Celtics venues
Collapsed buildings in the United States
College basketball venues in the United States
Continental Basketball Association venues
Convention centers in Connecticut
Defunct National Hockey League venues
Former National Basketball Association venues
Gymnastics venues in the United States
Hartford Whalers arenas
Hartford Wolf Pack
Indoor soccer venues in the United States
Music venues in Connecticut
Rebuilt buildings and structures in the United States
Civic Center
Sports venues in Hartford County, Connecticut
Sports venues completed in 1975
Tourist attractions in Hartford, Connecticut
UConn Huskies basketball venues
World Hockey Association venues
1975 establishments in Connecticut
New England Blizzard
José Alberto Barroso Machado e Costa (born 31 October 1953) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a left winger, and is a manager.
In 15 Primeira Liga seasons – 16 as a professional in total – they amassed totals of 301 matches and 37 goals in representation of four teams, mostly Porto. Subsequently, they embarked in a lengthy managerial career.
Playing career
Club
Costa was born in Porto. Still as a junior, they made their professional – and Primeira Liga – debut with Académica de Coimbra, playing 12 first-team games in an eventual relegation and contributing with 18 and two goals in an immediate promotion back; they spent a portion of the summer of 1977 on loan with the Rochester Lancers of the North American Soccer League.
After scoring a career-best ten goals in the 1977–78 season with the Students, Costa signed for FC Porto. A classic winger with an above-average physical condition – they practiced track and field and handball in their first club, S.C. Vila Real– they went on to form a formidable attacking trio in the club with Fernando Gomes and António Oliveira, being instrumental in the conquest of six major titles, including two national championships; they were voted the Portuguese Footballer of The Year in 1979, and also appeared as a substitute in the final of the 1983–84 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, lost against Juventus F.C. in Basel.
The name of Costa was connected to the Verão Quente ("Hot summer") of 1980, when a group of 15 players, including António Lima Pereira, Oliveira, Octávio Machado, Jaime Pacheco, António Sousa and Gomes, suspended their club activity sympathizing with manager José Maria Pedroto and director of football Jorge Nuno Pinto da Costa, who had entered in "collision course" with chairperson Américo de Sá. They still remained with the five a further five years but, after the consecutive emergence of Vermelhinho and 17-year-old Paulo Futre, they lost their importance in the team, for example appearing in only five matches in the 1984–85 campaign.
Aged nearly 32, Costa joined Vitória Sport Clube, helping the Guimarães-based side finish fourth and qualify to the UEFA Cup. On 24 November 1985 they scored their only goal of the season by helping defeat Sporting CP 4–3 at home, and retired from the game in June 1987 after a slow year with C.S. Marítimo.
International
Costa won 24 caps for Portugal and scored one goal, against the United States in their second international match. Their debut came on 8 March 1978 in a friendly match with France in Paris, while they were still a member of Académica.
Costa did not represent the nation at any international competition, and their last appearance was on 28 October 1983 against Poland, in a 1–0 away win for the UEFA Euro 1984 qualifiers.
|}
Coaching career
After retiring as a professional footballer Costa, who possessed a solid academic education (he completed a degree in mechanical engineering at the University of Coimbra), embarked on a coaching career. They briefly acted as assistant to Juca in the national team, then took charge of its youth sides and also assisted the following national team manager, Carlos Queiroz. Their first head coach experience was with former team Académica in the second division, remaining one season with the club.
Costa again worked with Queiroz at Sporting, NY/NJ MetroStars, Nagoya Grampus Eight and the United Arab Emirates national team. In the late 1990s they returned to head coaching duties, consecutively managing F.C. Famalicão (second level), F.C. Vizela (third), Varzim SC (first) and G.D. Chaves (second).
In 2005, Costa was hired to work in the United States for the "USA Seventeen Soccer Academy", as a technical director. They established themselves in Santa Clara, California, assisting and technically supervising the various echelons of the academy. In July 2008, they were reunited with Queiroz as they joined the scouting department of the Portuguese national team, working alongside Oceano da Cruz and English Julian Ward.
In November 2011, Costa was appointed as head coach of Iran Pro League side Sanat Naft Abadan F.C. until the end of the season, replacing Gholam Hossein Peyrovani. In May 2012, after producing good results, their contract was extended for another year, but they eventually stepped down from their position late into that year.
Honours
Club
Primeira Liga: 1978–79, 1984–85
Taça de Portugal: 1983–84
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 1981, 1983, 1984
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup: Runner-up 1983–84
Individual
Portuguese Footballer of the Year: 1979
Managerial statistics
References
External links
NASL stats
1953 births
Living people
Footballers from Porto
Portuguese footballers
Association football wingers
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. players
FC Porto players
Vitória S.C. players
C.S. Marítimo players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Rochester Lancers (1967–1980) players
Portugal international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Portuguese football managers
Primeira Liga managers
Liga Portugal 2 managers
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. managers
F.C. Famalicão managers
Varzim S.C. managers
G.D. Chaves managers
J1 League managers
Nagoya Grampus managers
Portuguese expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Japan
Expatriate football managers in Iran
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Iran
Sanat Naft Abadan F.C. managers
The Braille pattern dots-15 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top left and middle right dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top left and right upper-middle dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2811, and in Braille ASCII with E.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-15 is used to represent unrounded, near-mid, front vowels, such as /e/ or /ɛ/. It is also used for the number 5.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-15 are Braille patterns 157, 158, and 1578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 26, 126, 246, and 1246 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-15, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 015, 157, and 0157 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 26, 126, 246, or 1246
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-15 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 月
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 6 + ら/月 = 胡
- 数 + ら/月/#5 = 五
- 比 + ら/月 = 亙
Compounds of 月
- ろ/十 + ら/月 = 有
- つ/土 + ら/月 = 堕
- を/貝 + ら/月 = 賄
- さ/阝 + ら/月 = 随
- ⺼ + ら/月 = 髄
- な/亻 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 侑
- 囗 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 囿
- う/宀/#3 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 宥
- さ/阝 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 陏
- せ/食 + ろ/十 + ら/月 = 鮪
- 龸 + ら/月 = 育
- む/車 + ら/月 = 轍
- ゆ/彳 + ら/月 = 徹
- て/扌 + ら/月 = 撤
- ら/月 + ら/月 = 朋
- や/疒 + ら/月 = 崩
- ら/月 + せ/食 = 鵬
- ま/石 + ら/月 + ら/月 = 硼
- く/艹 + ら/月 + ら/月 = 萠
- つ/土 + ら/月 + ら/月 = 堋
- ゆ/彳 + ら/月 + ら/月 = 弸
- ら/月 + ぬ/力 = 前
- 火 + ら/月 = 煎
- ぬ/力 + ら/月 + ぬ/力 = 剪
- ち/竹 + ら/月 + ぬ/力 = 箭
- む/車 + ら/月 + ぬ/力 = 翦
- か/金 + ら/月 = 骨
- 氷/氵 + ら/月 = 滑
- 心 + か/金 + ら/月 = 榾
- け/犬 + か/金 + ら/月 = 猾
- ま/石 + か/金 + ら/月 = 磆
- か/金 + か/金 + ら/月 = 骭
- の/禾 + か/金 + ら/月 = 骰
- 数 + か/金 + ら/月 = 髏
- む/車 + か/金 + ら/月 = 髑
- 日 + ら/月 = 明
- く/艹 + 日 + ら/月 = 萌
- ら/月 + の/禾 = 能
- ら/月 + 心 = 態
- ら/月 + 火 = 熊
- す/発 + ら/月 + 火 = 羆
- す/発 + ら/月 = 罷
- て/扌 + す/発 + ら/月 = 擺
- よ/广 + ら/月 = 厭
- る/忄 + ら/月 = 惰
- つ/土 + つ/土 + ら/月 = 墮
- き/木 + さ/阝 + ら/月 = 橢
- き/木 + 宿 + ら/月 = 楕
- ⺼ + ⺼ + ら/月 = 膸
- さ/阝 + 宿 + ら/月 = 隋
- さ/阝 + さ/阝 + ら/月 = 隨
- ⺼ + 宿 + ら/月 = 髓
- ほ/方 + ら/月 = 望
- い/糹/#2 + ら/月 = 絹
- す/発 + い/糹/#2 + ら/月 = 羂
- ふ/女 + 宿 + ら/月 = 娟
- る/忄 + 宿 + ら/月 = 悁
- て/扌 + 宿 + ら/月 = 捐
- け/犬 + 宿 + ら/月 = 狷
- に/氵 + 龸 + ら/月 = 涓
- ら/月 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鵑
- ん/止 + ら/月 = 肯
- た/⽥ + ら/月 = 胄
- ぬ/力 + ら/月 = 脅
- と/戸 + ら/月 = 覇
- ち/竹 + 宿 + ら/月 = 霸
- ら/月 + か/金 = 勝
- ら/月 + 氷/氵 = 散
- て/扌 + ら/月 + 氷/氵 = 撒
- い/糹/#2 + ら/月 + 氷/氵 = 繖
- ら/月 + ゐ/幺 = 服
- ち/竹 + ら/月 + ゐ/幺 = 箙
- ら/月 + は/辶 = 朔
- ひ/辶 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 遡
- る/忄 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 愬
- き/木 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 槊
- に/氵 + ら/月 + は/辶 = 溯
- ら/月 + け/犬 = 朕
- ら/月 + け/犬 + に/氵 = 滕
- ら/月 + け/犬 + ゐ/幺 = 縢
- ふ/女 + も/門 + ら/月 = 嫺
- や/疒 + も/門 + ら/月 = 癇
- い/糹/#2 + も/門 + ら/月 = 繝
- ら/月 + や/疒 = 朗
- ら/月 + き/木 = 期
- ら/月 + ま/石 = 朧
- ら/月 + も/門 = 胞
- ら/月 + と/戸 = 脹
- ら/月 + し/巿 = 腑
- ら/月 + う/宀/#3 = 膨
- ら/月 + な/亻 = 臆
- ら/月 + す/発 = 臓
- ら/月 + ら/月 + す/発 = 臟
- ら/月 + ろ/十 = 臘
- ら/月 + え/訁 = 謄
- ら/月 + そ/馬 = 騰
- に/氵 + ら/月 + 氷/氵 = 潸
- ら/月 + 比 + へ/⺩ = 朏
- ら/月 + 比 + や/疒 = 朖
- ら/月 + 宿 + き/木 = 朞
- ら/月 + 宿 + そ/馬 = 朦
- く/艹 + 宿 + ら/月 = 臈
Compounds of 胡
- に/氵 + ら/月 = 湖
- 心 + selector 6 + ら/月 = 楜
- へ/⺩ + 宿 + ら/月 = 瑚
- の/禾 + 宿 + ら/月 = 糊
- む/車 + selector 6 + ら/月 = 蝴
- せ/食 + selector 6 + ら/月 = 餬
Compounds of 五 and 亙
- ら/月/#5 + れ/口 = 吾
- れ/口 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 唔
- 囗 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 圄
- う/宀/#3 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 寤
- 日 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 晤
- 心 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 梧
- そ/馬 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 牾
- へ/⺩ + ら/月 + れ/口 = 珸
- ゆ/彳 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 衙
- ん/止 + ら/月 + れ/口 = 齬
- な/亻 + 数 + ら/月 = 伍
Other compounds
- う/宀/#3 + ら/月 = 官
- き/木 + ら/月 = 棺
- せ/食 + ら/月 = 館
- ち/竹 + ら/月 = 管
- 心 + ら/月 = 菅
- い/糹/#2 + う/宀/#3 + ら/月 = 綰
- せ/食 + 宿 + ら/月 = 舘
- し/巿 + ら/月 = 師
- け/犬 + ら/月 = 獅
- ち/竹 + し/巿 + ら/月 = 篩
- せ/食 + し/巿 + ら/月 = 鰤
- は/辶 + ら/月 = 遣
- え/訁 + は/辶 + ら/月 = 譴
- か/金 + は/辶 + ら/月 = 鑓
- ゐ/幺 + ら/月 = 縋
- ひ/辶 + ら/月 = 追
- か/金 + ひ/辶 + ら/月 = 鎚
- こ/子 + 宿 + ら/月 = 耜
- ふ/女 + ら/月 = 媼
- そ/馬 + ら/月 = 蓋
- そ/馬 + 宿 + ら/月 = 盖
- そ/馬 + 龸 + ら/月 = 葢
- ら/月 + た/⽥ = 留
- 心 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 榴
- に/氵 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 溜
- へ/⺩ + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 瑠
- や/疒 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 瘤
- ち/竹 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 霤
- せ/食 + う/宀/#3 + ら/月 = 鰡
- せ/食 + 龸 + ら/月 = 餾
- ち/竹 + 龸 + ら/月 = 籀
- ら/月 + を/貝 = 貿
- ら/月 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 畄
- い/糹/#2 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 緇
- む/車 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 輜
- か/金 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 錙
- せ/食 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 鯔
- て/扌 + ら/月 + か/金 = 捷
- 氷/氵 + ら/月 + た/⽥ = 澑
- に/氵 + 宿 + ら/月 = 澗
Notes
Braille patterns
Dobroteasa is a commune in Olt County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Batia, Câmpu Mare, Dobroteasa, and Vulpești.
Natives
Virgil Calotescu
References
Communes in Olt County
Localities in Muntenia
James Edward Flynn (21 March 1871 – 24 August 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
A ruckman, after two brief VFA stints, the Benalla-born Flynn started their career in earnest in 1897 where they were part of Geelong's inaugural VFL side. Flynn stayed with the club until the end of the 1902 season when they crossed to Carlton. They were made Carlton captain in 1905, and in 1906 led them to the premiership, defeating Fitzroy in the Grand Final. Due to business commitments in St James, running the local hotel (pub) which still operates today (37 kilometres north of Benalla), they retired from football; however, they returned for the 1907 finals series after captain Fred Elliott was suspended. Flynn's captaincy was sought after and they led them to another premiership.
In 1908, Flynn did not play a game during the home-and-away season but was again used by Carlton in the finals, this time under the captaincy of Elliott, and was a member of a premiership side for the third successive year. They played their last match in Collingwood's semifinal of 1910 after three players had been dropped, accused of tanking in Carlton's upset Round 18 loss to St Kilda. As of 2021, they are the oldest player to play in a final.
Flynn was captain of the St. James Socialables FC that defeated St. James FC in the 1910 Dookie Football Association premiership. They were a member of the 1913 St. James FC premiership that defeated Yarrawonga in the Yarrawonga and Border Football Association.
Flynn is buried at Lake Rowan, east of St James, beside their wife and 10-year-old daughter Annastasia.
References
External links
Blueseum profile
The Grand Old Warrior
Let's Remember Jim Flynn. Wangaratta Chronicle
1871 births
1955 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian Rules footballers: place kick exponents
Geelong Football Club players
Carlton Football Club players
Carlton Football Club Premiership players
Three-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Francis Jones (November 1, 1815 – August 2, 1887) was an Ontario civil engineer, provincial land surveyor and political figure. They represented Leeds North and Grenville North in the House of Commons of Canada as a Conservative member from 1867 to 1874.
They were born in Ballykilleen, County Carlow, Ireland in 1815, the son of Edward Jones and Rowanna Sparling. They were an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in 1854 before being elected for North Leeds and Grenville in 1861 and 1863. They were elected again following Confederation and served until they were defeated in 1874. Jones ran unsuccessfully for reelection again in 1878. They lived in Kemptville and died there at the age of 71. Jones never married.
References
1815 births
1887 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from Canada West
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
The Robert Poirier Stadium, or Villejean Athletics Stadium, is an indoor athletics stadium, inaugurated 5 July 2015 on the Villejean Campus at the University of Rennes. It is designed to aid in the development of sport excellence on campus. It is dependent on the University of Rennes 2 for resources. It accommodates 1200 spectators, including 734 seated.
The stadium originated during the development of the Campus de Ker Lann during the 1990s. Several covered multi-sport stadiums were planned there, but they were abandoned due to lack of funding. Only with the development of the Campus for Sport Excellence in Bretagne at the beginning of the 2010s did the project begin to be realized.
History
First projects
The creation of the Campus de Ker Lann at Bruz, in the suburbs of Rennes, by the General Council of Ille-et-Vilaine in the 1990s was to include a multi-sports complex at a cost of €65 million to be paid for mainly by the Department of Ille-de-Vilaine. This was discussed in 1993 but did not come to pass. The majority of the right from the General Council supported the development of the campus, while the majority from the left at Rennes (and some of the local academics) were against it, preventing its realization.
The project was revived when the socialist Jean-Louis Tourenne became head of the General Council of Ille-et-Vilaine following the 2004 cantonal elections. The opening of the complex on the Campus de Ker Lann was scheduled for 2008. The €45 million cost of the building was to be borne entirely by the General Council But budget cuts following the global economic crisis jeopardized the project.
Project recovery
The project financing was resolved on 31 March 2008 when an agreement between Brittany and the state was reached for project funding, bringing respectively €5 and €4 million. At the time, it was still the intention to locate the building on the Campus de Ker Lann.
At the same time, CREPS Dinard saw its existence threatened from 2008 and a closure was planned for 2010. A backup plan was then mounted by including the University Rennes 2 in creating a campus for sporting excellence in Brittany. This project was approved on 27 October 2009 and the agreement was signed in Rennes on 29 January 2010 in the presence of regional president Jean-Yves Le Drian and Secretary of State for Sport Rama Yade. The agreement then said that a stadium whose activities would be limited to athletics would be located at Rennes on the Villejean Campus near the Sports Education Building at the University.
Production
Financing was set at €12 million. The project was supported by the Department with €5.5 million, the Region with €3 million, and the State to the tune of €2 million. Rennes paid €1.5 million. A draft of the project was presented to sports bodies at the end of June 2011, and the choice of Villejean Campus was confirmed.
An architectural competition was launched in June 2011 by the General Council of Ille-et-Vilaine, and the winning project was presented by the architectural firm Chabanne and Partners on 1 July 2012. Work began in early 2014 with a ceremony of the laying of the first stone on 16 February 2014. It was decided that the stadium would be named after Robert Poirier, the former bronze medalist at the 1966 European Athletics Championships in the 400 meters hurdles, and former national technical director of French athletics.
Infrastructure
Location
The stadium is located on the Villejean Campus, northwest of Rennes, in the Villejean-Beauregard area. It is located close to the Villejean-University metro station on the Rennes metro, and close to the University Hospital of Pontchaillou.
Architecture
The building was designed by the architectural from Chabanne and Partners. It has a surface of 5,830m2. According to the firm, the look of the building evokes the hard work of sports in general. "The taut lines of the building symbolize the muscular effort of the athletes. The painting there is also a nod to the discipline of the athletes. It uses the colors gold, silver and bronze to symbolize the colors of the medals that the athletes compete for. " .
The complex is equipped with a 200m track for running and six 60m sprint lanes. For other athletic disciplines, there are areas for shot-put, for the long jump, and for the triple jump. Areas for the high jump and pole vaulting are planned.
The stadium's capacity is 1,293 places including 793 seated and 500 standing, with the possibility of adding 1,439 more people using mobile bleachers. One of the stands bears the name of John Huitorel, former director of the normal school at Rennes.
Sources
Notes
References
Sport in Rennes
Athletics (track and field) venues in France
Sports venues completed in 2015
Sports venues in Ille-et-Vilaine
Aroti Dutt (1924–2003) was a social worker from India. They were the world president of the Associated Countrywomen of the World for two terms, from 1965 to 1971, and subsequently their Member of Honour. They were also the International Vice-President of International Alliance of Women. In India, they were the President of the Saroj Nalini Dutt Memorial Association, an organisation dedicated to Women's work, from 1970 to 2003. They had worked in various capacities in that organisation since 1942. They also founded various other social welfare organisations in India and was associated with many others. They were a graduate of the University of Calcutta and had a Diploma in Social Welfare from the Institute of Social Studies of The Hague, The Netherlands.
Background
Aroti Mitra was born on 23 September 1924 to Satyendra Chandra Mitra and Uma Mitra. They were their only child. Them father was a Freedom fighter and a politician. For a time their father was a member of the Central Legislative Assembly in New Delhi and was also jailed by the British Indian Government for their political activities against British Rule in India, and young Aroti spent their years of childhood travelling to many places in India, and was educated mainly at home. Eventually, when their father became President of the Bengal Legislative Council, Aroti graduated from the University of Calcutta, majoring in Philosophy.
They married Birendrasaday Dutt, the only son of Gurusaday Dutt, ICS, in 1942. They used to say that they cannot claim any "inner call" that took them into social service and that they had married into it. Them father-in-law had founded Saroj Nalini Dutt Memorial Association in memory of their wife, a women's organisation dedicated to the welfare of women. The Dutt family are renowned for their work in the field of social welfare, so Aroti took to it soon after their marriage at the age of 18. Them only child, Devsaday, was born in 1948. Them grandsons are Rajsaday (born 1974) and Shivsaday (born 1978)
In 1958, they won a scholarship to do a Diploma in International Social Welfare at the Institute of Social Studies at The Hague, The Netherlands. They received their Diploma for their paper "Social Welfare Planning for low-income countries" in 1959.
International social work
They became the Area Vice-President for Asia of the Associated Countrywomen of the World at their World Conference in Edinburgh in 1959, and was re-elected at the World Conference in Melbourne in 1962. They represented ACWW at the UNESCO Seminar on Adult Education in England, the UNESCO Seminar on Eradication of prejudice in Munich, the International Council of Women's Conferences in Istanbul and in Bangkok, UNESCO's NGO Conference in Paris, and their Board meetings at Addis Ababa, Bangkok, and Manila. They were invited by the Director-General of FAO as a Consultant for the planning of the Freedom from Hunger.
They were elected the World President of the Associated Countrywomen of the World at their World Conference at Dublin in 1965, and was re-elected unopposed in 1968.
In 1983, the Associated Countrywomen of the World elected them a "Member of Honour".
They were also a Vice-President of the International Alliance of Women and was connected with World View International.
Social work in India
Saroj Nalini Dutt Memorial Association
Saroj Nalini Dutt (Aroti's mother-in-law) was the one who started Mahila Samitis (Women's Institutes) in rural Bengal in 1916. After Saroj Nalini's death, their husband, Gurusaday Dutt, started the Saroj Nalini Dutt Memorial Association in their memory, to keep alive the valuable social welfare work that they did. The association is run by voluntary work by women.
Soon after their marriage in 1942, Aroti started working for this association and worked in various capacities until 1970, when they became the president and continued till their death in 2003. The concept of Mahila Samiti is based on the development of women–to make them literate and self-reliant by giving them a vocation, as well as assisting them with their health, nutrition, family, welfare, and childcare needs. Each Mahila Samiti has its own rules, while the association provides general supervision, assistance and guidance. During their tenure, they increased the number of basic organizational Mahila Samitis to 67.
The objectives of the association were increased to include –
To educate women of low income group families, both in urban and rural areas;
To arrange facilities for maternal and child healthcare and teach hygiene and principles of basic health and child care to rural and urban women;
To teach Nutrition and Family Planning to improve the quality of life;
To establish and run vocational training centres for improving the economic condition of women;
To work for the welfare of children concerning their health, education and other career-building activities;
To look after aged women, widows and deserted wives and;
To train women as teachers to enable them to go back to their villages and be teachers there.
They also vastly expanded the association's activities to include an Industrial Training School, a Primary Teachers Training Institute, a Primary school, an Adult High School, Computer training facilities, a Production and "Kantha" centre (to enable the products of the students being sold directly by them), a Non-formal education and Literacy program, an Urban Family Welfare Centre, a Printing Press, a Family Counseling Centre, a "Save Sight" program on an ongoing basis, a Working Women's Hostel, two Old-Age Homes, a library, and a Mother and Baby Clinic. All these activities were Calcutta-centric.
But the activity that gave them the most satisfaction was starting a centralised Rural Training Centre – the Mirpur Training Centre in a village in Bengal, to promote literacy, income generation, health, nutrition, family planning, clean water and sanitation in 100 villages around Mirpur. In this, they received financial assistance from sister Associations within ACWW in Norway and Australia.
Other organisations
Aroti Dutt was
the Founder President of the Countrywomen's Association of India;
the Founder President of the Soroptomist International Club in Calcutta;
the first National President of Soroptomist International of India; and
Founder President of the Inner Wheel Club of India;
They had also been –
Member of the Central Social Welfare Board 1978–80;
Member of the West Bengal State Social Welfare Board since 1988;
Chairman of the Family Planning Association for West Bengal;
President & Trustee of the Bengal Bratachari Society;
Vice-Chairman, Gurusaday Dutt Folk Art Society, Gurusaday Museum;
Patron of the National Indian Association of Women;
President of the Sylhet Union.
besides serving on various Committees of the Central and State Governments.
Literary contributions
They frequently wrote articles, both in Bengali and in English, for magazines in both India and abroad. During their lifetime, they published the following books:
Brikhasakhaey Ek Raat (1977)–in Bengali;
Bichitra Prithibi, Ajaanaa Manoosh (1985)–in Bengali;
Over the Rainbow (1999)–in English;
Jibaner Nana Diganta (2003)–in Bengali.
References
1924 births
2003 deaths
Indian feminists
Indian women novelists
Social workers
University of Calcutta alumni
Writers from Kolkata
20th-century Indian women writers
20th-century Indian novelists
Indian women essayists
20th-century Indian essayists
20th-century Indian educators
Women writers from West Bengal
Educators from West Bengal
Novelists from West Bengal
Women educators from West Bengal
Social workers from West Bengal
20th-century women educators
Karev () is a Slavic masculine surname with Kareva being its feminine counterpart. Notable people with the surname include:
Alexei Karev (1879–1942), Russian painter
Andrei Karev (born 1985), Belarusian ice hockey player
Leonid Karev (born 1969), Russian composer, organist and pianist
Nikola Karev (1877–1905), Macedonian revolutionary
Sergei Karev (born 1986), Russian figure skater
Yevgeni Karev (born 1985), Russian football player
Kareva is also an Estonian surname, both masculine and feminine
Doris Kareva (born 1958), Estonian poet and translator
Fictional
Alex Karev, a character on the ABC television series Grey's Anatomy
Charity Waciuma (born 1936) is a Kenyan writer, who wrote several novels for adolescents and an autobiographical novel, Daughter of Mumbi (1969). Them work draws on Kikuyu legends and storytelling traditions. In the 1960s Waciuma and Grace Ogot became the first Kenyan women writers to be published in English.
Biography
Charity Wanjiku Waciuma grew up in pre-Independence Kenya, during the violent anti-colonial struggle between the Mau-Mau and British rulers. In accordance with Kikuyu naming traditions they were given their father's younger sister's name Wanjiku ("the gossip"), their last name Waciuma, meaning "beads", being a nickname of their grandmother's father "because they had as many goats as beads in a necklace".
They became one of Kenya's pioneering writers for children with the publication in 1966 of their first book Mweru, the Ostrich Girl, which was followed by their other titles for young adults: The Golden Feather, Merry Making, and Who's Calling?.
Them autobiographical work Daughter of Mumbi, published in 1969, unfolds the reactions of a sensitive Kikuyu girl to the terrible days of colonial oppression and the alarming events of the Mau Mau Emergency. The book is dedicated to Waciuma's father, who was killed during the Mau Mau Emergency.
Waciuma wrote in English hesitantly on the controversial cultural tradition of female genital excision, at a time when not all authors of African descent in the 1960s did so. Them works were published before the decolonization of Kenya, and writing on this sensitive issue was before the fight for women's rights had become prominent, and before the physical and psychological effects of that particular practice for affected women were generally acknowledged or given global attention.
Waciuma is included in the 1992 anthology Daughters of Africa, edited by Margaret Busby.
Works
Mweru, the Ostrich Girl (Nairobi: East African Publishing House, 1966)
The Golden Feather (Nairobi: East African Publishing House, 1966)
Daughter of Mumbi (Nairobi: Jacques Compton, 1969)
Merry-Making (Nairobi: East African Publishing House, 1972)
Who's Calling? (Nairobi: East African Publishing House, 1973)
References
External links
"ITN Roving Report: The New Kenyans", Charity Waciuma interview. Getty Images.
Kenyan women writers
Kenyan women children's writers
Living people
Kenyan novelists
Kenyan women novelists
20th-century novelists
Women autobiographers
20th-century women writers
1936 births
Autobiographers
20th-century Kenyan women writers
The 2nd Annual Grammy Awards were held on November 29, 1959, at Los Angeles and New York. Hosted by Meredith Willson, this marked the first televised Grammy Award ceremony, and it was aired in episodes as special Sunday Showcase. It was held in the same year as the first Grammy Awards in 1959, and no award ceremony was held in 1960. These awards recognized musical accomplishments by performers for that particular year. Frank Sinatra and Duke Ellington each won three awards.
Award winners
Record of the Year
Bobby Darin for "Mack the Knife"
Album of the Year
Frank Sinatra for Come Dance with Me!
Song of the Year
Jimmy Driftwood for "The Battle of New Orleans"
Best New Artist
Bobby Darin
Child 's
Best Recording for Children
Peter Ustinov for Prokofiev: Peter and the Wolf performed by Peter Ustinov & the Philharmonia Orchestra conducted by Herbert von Karajan
Classical
Best Classical Performance - Orchestra
Charles Münch (conductor) & the Boston Symphony Orchestra for Debussy: Images for Orchestra
Best Classical Performance - Vocal Soloist (with or without orchestra)
Jussi Björling for Bjoerling in Opera
Best Classical Performance - Opera Cast or Choral
Erich Leinsdorf (conductor), Lisa Della Casa, Rosalind Elias, George London, Roberta Peters, Giorgio Tozzi & the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for Mozart: The Marriage of Figaro
Best Classical Performance - Concerto or Instrumental Soloist (with full orchestral accompaniment)
Kiril Kondrashin (conductor), Van Cliburn & the Symphony of the Air Orchestra for Rachmaninoff: Piano Concerto No. 3
Best Classical Performance - Concerto or Instrumental Soloist (other than full orchestral accompaniment)
Arthur Rubinstein for Beethoven: Sonatas No. 21 in C (Waldstein) and No. 18 in E Flat
Best Classical Performance - Chamber Music (including chamber orchestra)
Arthur Rubinstein for Beethoven: Sonatas No. 21 in C (Waldstein) and No. 18 in E Flat
Comedy
Best Comedy Performance - Spoken
Shelley Berman for Inside Shelley Berman
Best Comedy Performance - Musical
Homer and Jethro for The Battle of Kookamonga
Composing and arranging
Best Musical Composition First Recorded and Released in 1959 (more than 5 minutes duration)
Duke Ellington for Anatomy of a Murder Soundtrack
Best Sound Track Album - Background Score from a Motion Picture or Television
Duke Ellington (composer) for Anatomy of a Murder
Best Arrangement
Billy May (arranger) for "Come Dance with Me" performed by Frank Sinatra
Country
Best Country & Western Performance
Johnny Horton for "The Battle of New Orleans"
Folk
Best Performance - Folk
The Kingston Trio for The Kingston Trio at Large
Jazz
Best Jazz Performance - Soloist
Ella Fitzgerald for Ella Swings Lightly
Best Jazz Performance - Group
Jonah Jones for I Dig Chicks
Musical show
Best Broadway Show Album
Ethel Merman & the original cast for Gypsy
The original cast with Gwen Verdon, Richard Kiley, Leonard Stone, Doris Rich, Cynthia Latham, Joy Nichols, Bob Dixon & Pat Ferrier for Redhead
Best Sound Track Album, Original Cast - Motion Picture or Television
André Previn, Ken Darby & the original cast for Porgy and Bess
Packaging and notes
Best Album Cover
Robert M. Jones (art director) for Shostakovich: Symphony No. 5 conducted by Howard Mitchell
Pop
Best Vocal Performance, Female
Ella Fitzgerald for "But Not for Me"
Best Vocal Performance, Male
Frank Sinatra for Come Dance with Me!
Best Performance by a Vocal Group or Chorus
Richard P. Condie (choir director) for "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir directed by Condie
Best Performance by a Dance Band
Duke Ellington for Anatomy of a Murder
Best Performance by an Orchestra
André Previn & David Rose for Like Young performed by Dave Rose and their Orchestra with André Previn
Best Performance by a "Top 40" Artist
Nat "King" Cole for "Midnight Flyer"
Production and engineering
Best Engineering Contribution - Other Than Classical or Novelty
Robert Simpson (engineer) for Belafonte at Carnegie Hall performed by Harry Belafonte
Best Engineering Contribution - Classical Recording
Lewis W. Layton (engineer), Robert Russell Bennett (conductor) & the RCA Victor Symphony Orchestra for Victory at Sea, Vol. I
Best Engineering Contribution - Novelty Recording
Ted Keep (engineer) for "Alvin's Harmonica" performed by David Seville
R&B
Best Rhythm & Blues Performance
Dinah Washington for "What a Diff'rence a Day Makes"
Spoken
Best Performance - Documentary or Spoken Word (other than comedy)
Carl Sandburg for A Lincoln Portrait
References
002
1959 in Los Angeles
1959 in New York City
1959 music awards
1959 in American music
November 1959 events in the United States
Events in Los Angeles
Events in New York City
Jesús Guzmán may refer to:
Jesús Guzmán (actor) (born 1926), Spanish actor
Jesús Guzmán (baseball) (born 1984), Venezuelan baseball player
Jesús Guzmán Delgado (born 1957), Spanish cyclist
1ST is the debut studio album by the Japanese idol group SixTones. The album was first released through their record label Sony Music Entertainment Japan on January 6, 2021, in three versions: the Rough Stone edition, the Tone Colors edition (both of which are first press editions), and a regular edition. The album topped both the Oricon Albums Chart and Billboard Japan Hot Albums chart, selling over 467,000 copies in Japan in its first week. It has since been certified double platinum by the RIAJ.
Album information
The album's first-press edition was released in two versions: the "Rough Stone Edition" and "Tone Colors Edition", the names of which come from the origin of SixTones' name. The album's lead song "ST" was called an "emotional" and "loud" rock song about people exceeding their own limits. The "Rough Stone edition" includes the studio versions of the group's original five pre-debut songs. For songs on the "Tone Colors edition", the group divided into duo units and recorded three different genre songs. The regular edition includes two additional songs, including a popular coupling song that was included on "Imitation Rain/D.D.", their first single, as well as a remix of the song "Telephone". Beside the lead song, the unit songs also include a music video.
Songs
1ST includes three of the group's previously released singles: "Imitation Rain", "Navigator", and "New Era".
"Imitation Rain" is the group's first single that also includes a single by Snow Man, another group under Johnny's who debuted the same day as SixTones. The song was composed by Yoshiki. The single sold more than one million copies. "Navigator" was used as the opening theme of anime series The Millionaire Detective Balance: Unlimited. "New Era" was used as the opening theme of anime series Yashahime: Princess Half-Demon.
The album features a mix of rock, hip hop, R&B, pop and EDM. The "rough stone edition" includes 15 songs, including SixTones' original pre-debut songs that were previously performed live.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
Special website
Product information at Johnny's net
2021 debut albums
Japanese-language albums
Sony Music Entertainment Japan albums
SixTones albums
Alexis Bravo (born September 15, 1984) is an Argentinian footballer.
External links
Ficha en BDFA
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Club San José players
Club Real Potosí players
C.D. Jorge Wilstermann players
Atlético Tucumán footballers
Central Córdoba de Santiago del Estero footballers
Concepción Fútbol Club players
Centauros Villavicencio footballers
Sportivo Patria footballers
Guabirá players
Universitario de Sucre footballers
Club Atlético Mitre footballers
Club Independiente Petrolero players
Torneo Argentino A player
Torneo Argentino B players
Primera Nacional players
Bolivian Primera División players
Categoría Primera A player
Association football midfielders
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Bolivia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
The thoracic spinal nerve 4 (T4) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 4 (T4).
References
Spinal nerves
Dujmović is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Davor Dujmović, Bosnian Serb actor
Miroslav Dujmović (born 1978), Bosnian footballer
Tomislav Dujmović (born 1981), Croatian footballer
Vida Dujmović, Yugoslav-Canadian computer scientist and mathematician
See also
Dujmovits
Serbian surnames
Croatian surnames
Henry Honywood Dombrain (1818–1905) was a British botanist, mycologist and cleric who specialised in the study of ornamental flowering plants.
Publications
1873. The gladiolus: its history, cultivation, and exhibition, (ed.) L. Reeve & Co, 56 pp. (Reissued 2009, Cornell University Library)
1908. Roses for amateurs;: A practical guide to the selection and cultivation of the best roses for exhibition or garden decoration, (ed.) Gill; 3rd ed., 116 pp. (Reissued Kessinger Publishing 2009. )
References
Bibliography
2009. The Floral magazine, by T. Moore (H. Dombrain) [and others], General Books LLC. 80 pp.
External links
British botanists
1818 births
1905 deaths
Althegnenberg is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany. The municipality consists of the villages Althegnenberg, Hörbach and Lindenhof.
History
The first documentary mention of Althegnenberg was made in 1096 as Haginiberc, which translates as " walled settlement on the hill". Hörbach was first mentioned in 1127 as Huruuuinin, meaning "settlement on marshy creek" (from the Middle High German word hurwin for " swampy "). At the southeastern edge of the town is the castle hill - an artificially raised motte that was surrounded by a moat. On the castle hill was the little castle of the Hegnenberger, the Burgstall Althegnenberg in the 12th and 13th centuries.
The Hegnenberger were a family of ministeriales, serving the powerful Guelphs. Engelschalk and Hermann von Hegnenberg were first mentioned in 1192 ; they came from Swabia (Schmalegg near Ravensburg) and had to protect the Guelph Altomünster Abbey. In their time they were sought-after advisors and confidants of the powerful. They were witnesses at coronations, monastic foundations (Fürstenfeld), and in legal transactions of the church, the country gentlemen and the nobility.
With the death of Welf VI in 1191 the whole Lechrain area passed to the Staufer. Under these, the Hegnenberger rose to become Reichsministerialen. Only after the tragic death of the young king Conradin (1268) the possessions of the Staufer passed to the Wittelsbach family, and came thus to Bavaria. The Hegnenberger served the Wittelsbach family faithfully. They had extensive possessions in Bavaria and Swabia. Around 1300, they left their ancestral seat and built their new castle Hofhegnenberg 4 km to the west of Althegnenberg. During this time, the closed Hofmark Hegnenberg, a legal entity of 7 villages, namely Hofhegnenberg, Althegnenberg, Hörbach, Hausen, Steindorf, Tegernbach and at times also Steinach, was created. The lords of this Hofmark were from 1540 to 1848, the Counts of Hegnenberg - Dux.
In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria of 1818, the municipalities Althegnenberg (consisting of Althegnenberg and Lindenhof) and Hörbach were created. Hörbach became part of Althegnenberg on 1 July 1972 in the course of the municipal reform.
References
Fürstenfeldbruck (district)
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C18H24ClNO3}}
The molecular formula C18H24ClNO3 (molar mass: 337.84 g/mol, exact mass: 337.1445 u) may refer to:
Ericolol
SN 35210
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1600.
Events
January 1 – The Admiral's Men perform Dekker's The Shoemaker's Holiday at the English Court.
January – Carpenter Peter Street is contracted to build the Fortune Playhouse just north of the City of London by theatrical manager Philip Henslowe and their stepson-in-law, the leading actor Edward Alleyn, for the Admiral's Men, who move there from The Rose by the end of the year.
March 6 – George Carey, Lord Hunsdon, the Lord Chamberlain of England, entertains the Flemish ambassador Ludowic Verreyken at Hunsdon House in the Blackfriars district of London. The entertainment includes a performance of Shakespeare's Henry IV, Part 1 by the Lord Chamberlain's Men.
March 10 – Philip Henslowe lends William Haughton ten shillings "to release them out of the Clink".
c. April – Publication of Ben Jonson's 1599 play Every Man out of Their Humour; it goes through three editions this year.
April 18 – Hortensio Félix Paravicino joins the Trinitarian Order.
May – Robert Shirley returns from Persia.
Whitsuntide – The last performances of the Chester miracle plays take place.
June 3 – Thomas Pavier becomes a publisher in the City of London, securing the rights to the plays Captain Thomas Stukeley, Sir John Oldcastle, Kyd's The Spanish Tragedy and Shakespeare's Henry V.
By August – Robert Armin succeeds Will Kempe as clown of the Lord Chamberlain's Men at the Globe Theatre in London. By September, Kempe is playing with Worcester's Men at The Rose (theatre).
September – Richard Burbage leases the disused Blackfriars Theatre in London to Henry Evans and Nathaniel Giles for £40 per year. Evans and Giles use the space for the performances of the Children of the Chapel. Giles drafts Solomon Pavy, age ten, into their acting troupe.
September 8 – John Marston's Jack Drum's Entertainment is entered in the Stationers' Register. It is being acted by the newly re-formed Children of Paul's. The character of Brabant Senior represents Ben Jonson, thus continuing London's War of the Theatres. Jonson responds with Cynthia's Revels, acted by the Children of the Chapel at the Blackfriars Theatre (and over Christmas at Court, but without success there).
October 18 – Juan Ruiz de Alarcón begins their legal studies at the University of Salamanca.
November 4 – Tirso de Molina joins the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy.
By end – The Admiral's Men are playing at Edward Alleyn and Philip Henslowe's new Fortune Playhouse just north of the City of London.
Biblioteca Riccardiana established in Florence.
New books
Prose
Robert Armin (as "Clonnico de Curtanio Snuffe") – Fool Upon Fool
William Camden (anonymously) – Reges, reginae, nobiles et alii in ecclesia collegiata B. Petri Westmonasterii sepulti (tombs and epitaph of Westminster Abbey)
Fabritio Caroso – Nobiltà de dame
Olivier de Serres – Théâtre d'agriculture
Lope de Vega – Romancero general
William Gilbert and Aaron Dowling – De Magnete, Magneticisque Corporibus, et de Magno Magnete Tellure
Philemon Holland – The Romane Historie (translation of Livy's Ab Urbe Condita)
Aonio Paleario (executed 1570) – Actio in pontifices romanos et eorum asseclas
Samuel Rowlands – The Letting of Humour's Blood in the Head-vaine with A Mery Meetinge, or tis Mery when Knaves mete
Drama
Anonymous
Look About You (published)
The Maid's Metamorphosis
Sir John Oldcastle (published)
The Weakest Goeth to the Wall (published)
The Wisdom of Doctor Dodypoll
Henry Chettle & John Day – The Blind Beggar of Bethnal Green, Part 1 (Parts 2 and 3, by Day and William Haughton, lost)
Georgios Chortatzis – Erofili (approximate year)
Lope de Vega – year of some approximate
La campana de Aragón
El castigo del discreto
La imperial de Otón
El postrer godo de España
La quinta de Florencia
Roma abrasada
La viuda valenciana (The Widow from Valencia)
Thomas Dekker – Old Fortunatus (published)
Thomas Dekker and others (probable) – Lust's Dominion (approximate date)
Thomas Dekker, John Marston, and William Haughton – The Spanish Moor's Tragedy (possibly same as Lust's Dominion)
Thomas Heywood – Edward IV, Parts 1 and 2 published
Thomas Heywood (attrib.) and others? – Edward IV (published)
Ben Jonson – Cynthia's Revels
John Marston – Jack Drum's Entertainment
Thomas Nashe – Summer's Last Will and Testament (published)
William Shakespeare – Henry IV, Part 2, The Merchant of Venice, Henry V, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Much Ado About Nothing (published)
Poetry
Siddha Basavaraja – Bedagina Vachanagalu (anthology)
England's Helicon (anthology including work by Edmund Spenser, Michael Drayton, Thomas Lodge, Philip Sidney etc.)
Robert Jones – The First Book of Songs and Airs
Gervase Markham – The Tears of the Beloved
Thomas Middleton – The Ghost of Lucrece
Births
January 1 – Friedrich Spanheim, Flemish writer (died 1649)
January 17 – Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Spanish dramatist (died 1681)
February 2 – Gabriel Naudé, French librarian and scholar (died 1653)
September 19 – Hermann Busenbaum, German Jesuit theologian (died 1668)
October 5 – Thomas Goodwin, English theologian (died 1680)
November – John Ogilby, Scottish translator (died 1676)
November 19 – Leo Aitzema, Dutch historian (died 1669)
Unknown dates
Martin de Barcos, French Jansenist theologian (died 1678)
Marin le Roy de Gomberville, French poet and novelist (died 1674)
William Prynne, English Puritan controversialist (died 1669)
Adriaan Vlacq, Dutch publisher (died 1667)
Brian Walton, Bishop of Chester, English compiler of Polyglot Bible and bishop (died 1661)
Probable year of birth
Piaras Feiritéar, Irish poet (hanged 1653)
Richard Flecknoe, English dramatist and poet (died 1678)
Samuel Hartlib, German-born English polymath (died 1662)
Deaths
January 23 – John Case, English commentator on Aristotle
February 15 – José de Acosta, Spanish naturalist (born 1539)
April – Thomas Deloney, English novelist and balladist (born 1543)
May 18 – Fulvio Orsini, Italian historian (born 1529)
June 25 – David Chytraeus, German theologian and historian (born 1530)
September 25 – Antoine du Verdier, French politician and writer (born 1544)
October 12 – Luis de Molina, Spanish Jesuit writer (born 1535)
November – Robert Wilson, English dramatist (date of birth unknown)
November 2 – Richard Hooker, English theologian (born 1554)
November 23 or 24 – Balthasar Russow, Estonian chronicler (born 1536)
Unknown dates
Bâkî (Mahmud Abdülbâkî), Ottoman Turkish poet (born 1526)
Mustafa Selaniki, Ottoman chronicler (date of birth unknown)
References
Literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
The 2018 Australian Formula Ford Series was an Australian motor racing competition for Formula Ford and Formula Ford 1600 Racing Cars. The series, which was organised by the Formula Ford Association Inc, was the 49th Australian Formula Ford Series.
The Formula Ford (Duratec) class was won by Hunter McElrea driving a Mygale SJ10A and the Formula Ford 1600 (Kent) class by Dylan Fahey driving a Van Diemen.
References
Australian Formula Ford Series
Formula Ford Series
Exponent II is a quarterly periodical, the longest-running independent publication for Latter-day Saint women. At its launch, by a women's group in Massachusetts in 1974, it described itself as a "spiritual descendent" of the Woman's Exponent, founded 100 years earlier. A print edition remains available, while the journal has also been published online since 2007. The Exponent II organization also runs a program of annual residential retreats since the 1980s, and supports a semi-autonomous blog, The Exponent.
History
Following the consolidation of the Relief Society budget into the central LDS Church budget, and of the Relief Society Magazine into the general church journal, the Ensign, in 1970, an independent publication called Exponent II was started in 1974 by several Cambridge, Massachusetts-area Mormon women, including Laurel Thatcher Ulrich, Claudia Bushman, Carrell Hilton Sheldon, Judy Dushku and Sue Booth-Forbes. This journal had two inspirations, one being the 1972 finding of a run of the Woman's Exponent in the Widener Library of Harvard University, and the other being a suggestion by one of the LDS Church leaders in the Boston area, historian Richard Bushman. The group had previously produced a book, Mormon Sisters: Women in Early Utah, partly based on courses they had designed for and presented at the local LDS Institute, and some had previously worked together on a women-focused issue of Dialogue and, as a Cambridge Ward Relief Society project, a guide to Boston. The group had also held two gala dinners in honour of the Woman's Exponent, the first with Maureen Ursenbach Beecher as keynote speaker, on Eliza R. Snow.
The early production encouraged by the official LDS Church Historian, Leonard Arrington and was aided by a small grant from the Mormon History Association to the group for library and copying expenses, and was done in the homes of group members. The journal is sometimes characterised as related to the New Mormon history movement.
The first edition - which carried a banner headline reading "Am I Not a Woman and a Sister?" - offered articles on the Equal Rights Amendment, poetry, profiles of female Mormon civic leaders, scholars and entrepreneurs, and notices of study groups and retreats. Following initial publication, some concerns were expressed to Claudia Bushman by a family friend who was also an assistant to the Quorum of the Twelve, and more later by a former Boston Stake President - then a member of the Quorum - with the result that Bushman stepped down as editor and was succeeded by Nancy Dredge.
The women formed a non-profit organization with no official relation to the LDS Church, at first incorporated as Mormon Sisters, Inc., later Exponent II, Inc., which continues in existence. During the 1970s, according to Alice Colton Smith, a member of the Relief Société Générale Board at the time, members of the Board were not permitted to subscribe to Exponent II, yet they and a few others did so under the names of their husbands.
The magazine has been published online since 2007.
A 40th anniversary event was held in Boston in 2014, attended by 25 of the 1974 group, and current leaders of the Exponent II organization.
In 2017 the Board of Exponent II announced that a former treasurer (2012 to 2017) had misappropriated funds. In December 2018 the scale of the embezzlement was revealed to be in excess of a net 100,000 US dollars, with over 191,000 dollars taken in over 600 transactions, and over 84,000 returned before and after discovery. The former treasurer was investigated by the FBI, prosecuted, and sentenced to prison in 2019, and new financial safeguards were put in place.
Goals and approach
The journal launched with twin platforms of Mormonism and feminism, and while it continues to focus on the concerns and experiences of some Mormon women from a feminist perspective, it modified its initial goals over time. As of 1984, for example, it summarized its aims as publication on topics of concern to women, and of interest to all, on an "open forum" basis, in a variety of writing forms, and predominantly Mormon-orientated; guidelines were included for both general writing and for poetry. The periodical aims to be open and non-judgmental, and editorially independent of the LDS Church authorities. While the Church takes no official position on the independent publication, the periodical was apparently described at a 1974 meeting of the Quorum of the Twelve as "Claudia Bushman's Women's Lib magazine." Some key concerns of the magazine have been summarized as the struggles of women with modern life's demands, including those of family, and the roles and ways of living for women, sometimes in contrast to traditional perceptions.
Publication, staffing and circulation
Exponent II is published in tabloid or magazine format, quarterly. The newspaper grew rapidly upon launch, reaching over 4,000 subscribers within its first year, from all US states, and abroad, beating a target of 500.
As of 2016 the role of Editor-in-Chief is held by Margaret Olsen Hemming, in succession to Claudia Bushman (1974-1975), Nancy T. Dredge (1975-1981 and 2000-2009), Susan E. Howe (1981–1984), Susan Paxman (1984-1997), Jenny Atkinson (1997-2000), and co-editors Aimee Evans Hickman and Emily Clyde Curtis (2010-2016).
There is also a Managing Editor overseeing production, a post held since 2016 by Pandora Brewer, and editors for Art, Layout and specific sections. From the beginning, a very popular section has been the Sisters Speak column, where a question is posed, and debated by readers writing in. Artwork, especially for the cover, has been produced by members of the production group, but also by other Mormon women. Some issues have listed more than 40 volunteer staff in various roles.
The periodical is sold on a subscription basis, in both print and online forms, and single issues from 2014 onwards can also be purchased (some earlier issues can be accessed free). It has ranged in pagination from 16 to 40 pages.
Archive
A substantial digital archive of earlier Exponent II issues in scanned form is available, free of charge, online. In addition, the longest-serving editor, Susan Paxman, deposited a set of records related to the periodical's workings from 1977 to 1990, with Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.
Exponent II retreats
The Exponent II organization has conducted annual residential retreats in the eastern US since the 1980s, where members and others can debate issues and share experiences. The events are popular - sometimes selling out within a day - and often oversubscribed.
Blog
With the blessing of the Exponent II editorial board, Caroline Kline, Jana Remy and Deborah Farmer established a related blog called The Exponent in January 2005. More than two dozen writers regularly write for the blog, and it includes Relief Society lesson materials written from a Mormon feminist perspective.
Other publications
The Exponent II organization has also produced, and sold, some supplementary items. These have included a coloring book with full page biographies of 25 Mormon women, "Illuminating Ladies," "Habits of Being: Mormon Women's Material Culture," a book of essays and poetry, with authors including Jana Riess, Linda Kimball and Laurel Thatcher Ulrich, and a set of Mormon feminist stickers. Also sold is the book "All God's Critters Got a Place in the Choir" by Laurel Thatcher Ulich and Emma Lou Thayne.
Governance
Exponent II is overseen by its Board, led by a President, Vice-President and Treasurer, and including the Editor-in-Chief, Managing Editor, two representatives of the Blog and the Retreats Coordinator. There is also a panel of Emeritus Board Members, including Laurel Thatcher Ulrich and Judy Dushku.
See also
List of Latter Day Saint periodicals
References
Footnotes
External links
Exponent II scans via BYU's repository on archive.org.
Exponent Blog The Exponent Blogsite
Woman's Exponent (PDF scans) courtesy of the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University.
.
1974 establishments in Massachusetts
Feminism in the United States
Feminist magazines
Exponent II
Magazines established in 1974
Magazines published in Massachusetts
Mormon studies journals
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Women's magazines published in the United States
History of women in Massachusetts
Mormonism and women
Suludere is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Richard Puller (1747–1826) was a prominent English merchant banker in London. They have sometimes been identified as the pseudonymous economic writer Piercy Ravenstone, considered a precursor of Karl Marx; but scholarly sources generally now follow the suggestion of Piero Sraffa that Ravenstone was Richard Puller the younger (1789–1831), their son.
Life
They were the son of Christopher Puller (died 1789), also a prominent London merchant banker. Their father was a director of the Bank of England, while they were a director of the South Sea Company;
Richard and Charles Puller, of 10 Broadstreet Buildings, were the London bankers of John Adams during the 1780s; Adams refers also to the firm as Conde & Puller. This was also the period of the Fourth Anglo-Dutch War, and Richard Puller acted as an agent in a case concerning a captured Dutch ship.
In later life Puller resided at Painswick Court in Gloucestershire. They died there, on 5 December 1826.
Family
Puller married Selina Wall, daughter of Thomas Wall of Albury Park, Surrey. (Wall is so called. The Wall family of Albury Park were Charles Wall of Barings Bank and their wife Francis, daughter of Sir Francis Baring; they were the parents of Charles Baring Wall, the Member of Parliament. The house was bought in 1811 from Samuel Thornton, sold in 1819 to Henry Drummond. Charles Wall's parents were Thomas Wall (1721–1812) and Elizabeth Ellis.) The following were their children:
Sir Christopher Puller (1774–1824)
Henry Puller (1782–1813), an officer in the Bengal Army. They died at Rangpur.
Richard Puller the younger (1789–1831).  They are now the usual identification of the pseudonymous economic writer, Piercy Ravenstone. It has also been suggested that the elder Richard Puller might be Ravenstone, and this identification is made in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography.
Harriet, who married John Norman Pearson.
Charlotte Louisa
Selina Eliza, the third daughter, married John Cholmondeley, rector of Brandiston. They were a brother of Sir Montague Cholmeley, 1st Baronet.
Notes
1747 births
1826 deaths
English bankers
English merchants
Austin Wade Petersen (born February 19, 1981) is an American writer, political activist, commentator, and broadcaster.  They are currently the host of the KWOS Morning Show in Jefferson City, Missouri. They were the runner-up for the Libertarian Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016, finishing second place to Gary Johnson with 21.9% of the vote.
On August 7, 2018, they finished third in the U.S. Senate Republican primary in Missouri with 8.3% of the vote, behind winner Josh Hawley and runner-up Tony Monetti.
Early life and education
Petersen was raised on a farm in Peculiar, Missouri, the son of Donna and John D. Petersen. They attended Southwest Missouri State University, where they graduated with a degree in musical theater.
Career
Early work
Petersen's early career included stints as a model and as a product demonstrator at FAO Schwarz; at the latter position, they briefly appeared during a Late Night with Conan O'Brien sketch filmed at the store.
In 2008 Petersen worked for the Libertarian National Committee and the Atlas Network, assisting on the 2008 and 2012 presidential bids of former U.S. Representative from Texas, Ron Paul. They were an associate producer at the Fox Business program Freedom Watch with Judge Napolitano, which aired from 2010 to 2012, and later went to work as director of production at the conservative advocacy group FreedomWorks. Petersen has also been a frequent guest on the RT program The Big Picture with Thom Hartmann.
Petersen served as an executive producer of the 2014 film Alongside Night, an adaptation of the novel of the same name which promoted agorism, an anarcho-capitalist political philosophy. Several prominent Libertarian figures, like Ron Paul and Adam Kokesh, appeared in the film.
Post 2016-activities
As of 2018, Petersen was the owner and CEO of a photo and video consulting firm called Stonegait LLC and is the founder of The Libertarian Republic and Liberty Viral – both libertarian news and commentary websites. They ran for the United States Senate as a Republican in 2018, but was defeated in the primary by Missouri's Attorney General Josh Hawley. In 2019, Austin Petersen took over as the host of the KWOS Morning Show on Jefferson City, Missouri and has been broadcasting ever since.
2016 presidential campaign
By 2015, Petersen was living in Kansas City, Missouri, "behind a midtown QuikTrip" when they announced their candidacy in the 2016 Libertarian Party nominating convention for President of the United States. Writing in the Los Angeles Times, they were described by Reason editor Matt Welch as "an eager libertarian dudebro on the make".
Petersen called themselves the Bernie Sanders of the Libertarian Party due to their grassroots fundraising strategy. After Ted Cruz terminated their campaign for the Republican Party's nomination for president, Petersen received the backing of Mary Matalin and Erick Erickson. In many polls, they placed in the top three presidential choices for their party, along with opponents John McAfee and Gary Johnson. On May 29, 2016, at the Libertarian National Convention, Petersen lost the nomination to Johnson, getting second place on the second ballot. Petersen congratulated Johnson on the win and gave them a replica of George Washington's pistol. Petersen then criticized Johnson's vice presidential pick Bill Weld, in response to which Johnson placed the replica into a garbage can.
Petersen, thereafter, endorsed Johnson for president.
2018 Senate campaign
In late June 2017, Petersen filed an exploratory committee to consider running for the U.S. Senate seat in Missouri. On July 4, 2017, Petersen formally announced their bid for the Republican nomination in the 2018 Missouri Senate race.
In September 2017, Petersen was banned from Facebook during their senate campaign for giving away an AR-15 style rifle as a promotion and criticizing their Democratic opponent Claire McCaskill's positions on gun rights. The ban was lifted after Fox News and the New York Post reported that Facebook's COO Sheryl Sandberg had made max donations to McCaskill's campaign. The raffle drew renewed controversy in February 2018 when the school shooting in Parkland, Florida caused the Springfield News-Leader to investigate. KMOV in St. Louis scrutinized Petersen over their views on gun control in light of the shooting.
Petersen also reportedly received the national record for the largest Bitcoin donation in American campaign history.
Fox News reported in January 2018 that Petersen was one of two "potential general election challengers" in the election.
Petersen officially filed with the Missouri Secretary of State for the US Senate seat as a Republican on February 28, 2018.
On March 6, Petersen announced a new AR-15 raffle on Facebook. Their personal page was banned after the livestream was recorded. In July they announced a raffle for a machine, similar to a 3-D printer, that can produce "untraceable gun parts". Their campaign said 3-D printing technology has been described as the "end of gun control".
In the runup to the Republican primary election in August, President Donald Trump endorsed Petersen's rival Josh Hawley and campaigned for him. Petersen complained bitterly about Trump's involvement in the primary. In the August 7 primary Petersen came in third with 8.3% of the vote.
Political positions
Petersen has voiced and published their rejection of the non-aggression principle. Petersen describes themselves as a minarchist. During their presidential campaign, they maintained that they had a "consistent pro-life ethic," meaning they are both pro-life and anti-death penalty. They oppose the War on Drugs.  They are a non-interventionist on most matters of foreign policy and applies a free-market capitalist approach to economics.
Personal life
On social media and in interviews, Petersen has described themselves variously as an agnostic and an atheist. They grew up as a Christian, though in a 2016 interview with Glenn Beck, Petersen spoke about how the death of their mother changed their religious views: "When I was a young man my mother died, and they were victimized by a pharmacist who diluted their chemotherapy drugs. I lost my faith and I never went back."
Petersen resides in Jefferson City, Missouri.
Petersen was married to Stephanie Renee Cole on October 23, 2021.
Electoral history
Filmography
Alongside Night (2014) – Executive Producer
Freedom Watch with Judge Napolitano (2010–12, 19 episodes) – Associate Producer
See also
Libertarian Party presidential primaries, 2016
United States presidential election in Missouri, 2016
United States Senate election in Missouri, 2018
Stossel Libertarian presidential forum, 2016
References
External links
Stonegaite Pictures official website
Austin Petersen at The Libertarian Republic
Appearances on C-SPAN
1981 births
Living people
21st-century atheists
21st-century American male writers
American atheists
American former Christians
American gun rights activists
American libertarians
American online publication editors
American political commentators
American political writers
Candidates in the 2018 United States Senate elections
Missouri Libertarians
Missouri Republicans
Missouri State University alumni
People from Peculiar, Missouri
Candidates in the 2016 United States presidential election
Writers from Kansas City, Missouri
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
Band of Brothers is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Hellyeah. The album was released on July 17, 2012, under record label Eleven Seven Music. Two singles from the album have been released; "War In Me" was released on April 3, 2012, and title track, "Band of Brothers", was released on May 8, 2012. This is the last album to feature guitarist Greg Tribbett and bassist Bob Zilla.
Track listing
Personnel
Chad Gray – vocals
Greg Tribbett – lead guitar
Tom Maxwell – rhythm guitar
Bob Zilla – bass
Vinnie Paul – drums
References
2012 albums
Hellyeah albums
Eleven Seven Label Group albums
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1996:.
1996
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1996 at HKcinemamagic.com
1996
Hong Kong
1996 in Hong Kong
Haldenwang is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Raheen may refer to:
Places
Australia
Raheen (estate), mansion in Kew, Melbourne, Australia
Ireland
Raheen, County Kerry
Raheen, County Clare, a townland in Tuamgraney
Raheen, County Laois, village
Raheen, County Limerick, suburb of Limerick City
Raheen, County Westmeath, a townland in Ballymore, barony of Rathconrath
Raheen, County Wexford, village
See also
Raheens GAA, Gaelic games club in Caragh, County Kildare, Ireland
Francesco da Cotignola (c. 1475–1532), also called Zaganelli (), was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Parma and Ravenna.
They were a pupil of the painter Niccolo Rondinelli. They painted for Basilica of Sant'Apollinare in Classe near Ravenna, Faenza, and Parma. Their brother, Bernardino, was also a painter, but nowhere as successful as what Francesco was able to do. They were likely also family of Girolamo Marchesi da Cotignola.
References
External links
Italian Paintings: North Italian School, a collection catalog containing information about da Cotignola and their works (see pages: 67–68).
1475 births
1532 deaths
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
16th-century Italian painters
Painters from Parma
Italian Renaissance painters
Frederick Settle Barff (6 October 1822 – 11 August 1886) was an English chemist, ecclesiastical decorator, and stained glass manufacturer, much interested in theology.
 They are best known as a chemist, having invented several important preservation methods for a range of materials, including iron, stone, wood and foodstuffs. Several of their stained glass windows still survive throughout Ireland and the north of England.
A portrait photograph of Barff appears in The History of St Stanislaus College, Beaumont, published in 1911.
Early life
Born in Hackney, London, the son of a doctor, Barff was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge, where they earned a BA in 1844, followed by an MA in 1847. After graduating, they were ordained at Peterborough and started work as an Anglican curate in Hull. They also served as curate of St Nicholas' Church, Leicester, before, in 1852, converting to Catholicism.
Ecclesiastical decorator
By the mid-1850s, Barff established Mssrs. F.S. Barff & Co., an ecclesiastical decorating company, in Liverpool.
North England
They supervised the interior decoration of St Patrick's Church, Liverpool and painted the frescoes at Stonyhurst College. The firm also decorated the churches of St Wilfrid's, Preston and St Mary's, Chelsea.<ref group=notes>The Tablet, 13 October 1854(or 1855), 647 quoted in Irish Architectural Archive</ref>
Ireland
By 1858 Barff's company had moved to Dublin, possibly influenced by their contemporary and fellow convert John Hungerford Pollen, where most of the work was undertaken for Catholic churches.
Works executed in Ireland:
During this period, Barff gave a lecture on Decorative Art to the Dublin Mechanics Institute and successfully patented several processes associated with their work, one of which won honourable mention during the 1862 International Exhibition.
Patents
The company continued to operate until 1864, when it went bankrupt, at which time Barff returned to England.
Chemist
Teaching
On their return, Barff became a teacher at Beaumont College, a Jesuit school in Windsor, before moving to University College, London as assistant professor of chemistry. They later became professor of chemistry at the Royal Academy of Arts for eight years and also at the Catholic University College, Kensington, a position for which they were nominated by Cardinal Manning, as well as at the Beaumont College.
They were made a Fellow of the Chemical Society in 1867.
Barff acted as Examiner in Chemistry for the Natural science tripos at Cambridge University, a role they were first awarded in 1873.
Society of Arts lectures
Barff delivered three series of Cantor Lectures to the Society of Arts: in 1870, on artistic colours and pigments; in 1872, on the treatment of carbon compounds for heating and lighting purposes; and a further series on Silicates, Silicides, Glass, and Glass Painting.
They also delivered the juvenile lectures, for 1878, on the subject of Coal and its Compounds.
Barff was awarded two Art Society's medals: one for a paper on Zinc White as Paint, and the Treatment of Iron for the Prevention of Corrosion and the other for their paper on A New Antiseptic Compound, the latter of which they presented to the society in March 1882.
Published works
An Introduction to scientific chemistry, 1869.
An introduction to scientific chemistry: designed for the use of schools, 1869
Elementary chemistry, 1875.
Society of Arts publications
On silicates, silicides, glass and glass painting, 1872
Carbon & certain compounds of carbon, treated principally in reference to heating and illuminating purposes 1874
The treatment of iron for the prevention of corrosion, 1877
Design and inventions
Barff is most widely remembered for their invention of a method of rust proofing cast iron, named after him. The method used superheated steamPopular Science Jul 1886 Vol. 29, No. 19, p.393. Bonnier Corporation. ISSN 0161-7370. Retrieved June 2011 to form a layer of tri-iron tetroxide(Fe3O4), which proved much cheaper than traditional galvanisation. The method was subsequently improved by George Bower, after which the process became known as the Bower–Barff process. The Bower-Barff Rustless Iron Co. had works in Southwark and New York, the latter supplying cast-iron for many of the city's landmark buildings.
They also created an antiseptic compound, Boro glycerine,Fallows, Samuel (1835) The progressive dictionary of the English language: a supplementary wordbook to all leading dictionaries of the United States and Great Britain p.85. Progressive Pub. Co. Retrieved June 2011 primarily for the preservation of meats but which subsequently found many medical uses. It is still used in some parts of the world as an oral antiseptic in the treatment of mouth ulcers.Prasad, B. (1997) Principles and Practice of Medicine a Textbook for Students and Practitioners p.343. Jaypee Brothers Publishers Retrieved June 2011 A caricature of Barff, contemplating a barrel of boro glycerine, appeared in an 1882 edition of Punch as No.84 of the Fancy Portraits series.
Barff was an early exponent of the use of hydrocarbons as fuel, starting Sim & Barff's Patent Mineral Oil Steam Fuel Company, for the purpose of developing heating, power and lighting systems which could operate on liquid hydrocarbons. At a time when experiments in the field appeared to show little promise of success, Barff believed that ...these oils are doubtless destined to form the marine steam fuel of the future.
Barff's design experiments to remove noxious elements from the exhaust products of combustion in locomotives and similar furnaces'', a precursor to the catalytic converter, were met with some ridicule as the weight of reagents needed were almost equal to the weight of fuel burned.
Patents
Death
Barff died of complications associated with diabetes at Buckingham, and was buried with their wife Margaretta in Kensal Green Cemetery.
Notes
References
1822 births
1866 deaths
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
English Roman Catholics
English Christians
English inventors
19th-century British chemists
Writers from London
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Anglicanism
Converts to Roman Catholicism
Siim Sukles (born 17 July 1972 in Pärnu) is an Estonian sports figure.
In 2000 they graduated from the private high school Veritas' department of law.
1994-1997 they were the executive director of Eesti Olümpiafond. 1997-2000 they were the executive director of Estonian Olympic Committee. 2002-2012 they were chancellor of Ministry of Culture. Since 2013 they are Secretary General of Estonian Olympic Committee.
Awards:
2012: Merited Order of Estonian Olympic Committee ().
References
Living people
1972 births
Estonian people in sports
Estonian civil servants
Sportspeople from Pärnu
Yur Muhabbat - Walk Love is an Uzbek television drama that aired on Sevimli TV.
The series, produced by Ruslan Mirzayev, was shot in collaboration with Uzbek and Turkish filmmakers in three countries: Uzbekistan, Turkey and the United States. The main roles in the film were played by Uzbek actors Ulugʻbek Qodirov, Sitora Alimjonova, Gavhar Zokirova and Khamid Nizamov - the brightest examples of Uzbek cinema. Momin Rizo, Bahshillo Fatullayev and Karen Gafurjanov played a supporting role in this film.
Plot
Umar and Zainab, who loved each other very much, got divorced because of Umar's father. Years later, when Umar was about to marry another girl, Zainab came to them as the wife of a new employee, Umar Murad, and they began to work together. How much love from the past affects their fate.
Creation
The series Yur Muhabbat started in 2018 and was stopped for some reason.
Cast
Ulugʻbek Qodirov - Umar
Sitora Alimjonova - Zaynab
Gavhar Zokirova - Rano
Shuxrat Umarov - Ibrohim
Aziza Halilova - Sevinch
Khamid Nizamov - Hamza
Mirshod Atavullayev- Komron
Mo'min Rizo - Bakir
Bahshillo Fatullayev -?
Temur Muxammadxojayev - Ali
Karen Gafurjanovu - Ahmed
Film crew
Producers — Ruslan Mirzayev
Director — Shuhrat Salomov
scriptwriters — Ozan Ayaz and Oğuz Ayaz
Director of photography — Umid Malikov
Production designer — Azizbek Najimov
Composer — Farruh Sobirov
Costume Designers — Sanobar Anvarova
Makeup artist — Galina Geydelbax
Casting director — Zilola Raxmonberdiyeva
Editing directors — Hojakbar Nurmuxamdedov
Sound post-production
Soundtrack
Farruh Sobirov was roped in to compose the original soundtrack and score for Yur Muhabbat.
References
2020s drama television series
2022 Uzbekistani television series debuts
Uzbek-language television shows
Simon Mountford may refer to:
Sir Simon Mountford (died 1495), MP for Warwickshire, 1463 and supporter of Perkin Warbeck
Simon Mountford (died 1537/38), MP for Newport (Cornwall), 1529
Under the Banner of Marxism (, ) was a Soviet philosophical and socio-economic journal published in Moscow from 1922 to 1944. It was published monthly, except for 1933–1935, when it was published bi-monthly.
History
In a letter published in the first issue, Trotsky wrote:
Arm the will and not only the thought, we say, because, in the era of great world upheavals, now more than ever before our will cannot break, but must harden only if it rests upon the scientific understanding of the conditions and causes of historical development
On the other hand, it is precisely in such a critical era as ours, especially if it drags on – i.e., if the pace of revolutionary events in the West proves slower than hoped for – that attempts of various idealist and semi-idealist philosophical schools and sects will likely possess the consciousness of young workers. Captured unaware by the events – without prior extensive experience of practical class struggle – the thought of young workers could be defenseless against various doctrines of idealism, which are essentially translations of religious dogma into the language of pseudo-philosophy. All of these schools, despite the diversity of their idealist, Kantian, empirio-critical, and other designations, in the end agree that consciousness, thought, knowledge prefaces matter, and not vice versa.
Alexander Bogdanov, referred to by the term "empirio-critical" saw this as an attack upon themselves and their science of organisation, Tektology.
Let me remind you of my situation over the past three years. I was subjected not to tens, but, I believe, to hundreds of attacks by influential persons, and even influential circles – in official documents, public speeches, in newspaper, magazine articles, whole books. I once said that the magazine Under the Banner of Marxism is published half against me, while Sholom Dvolajckij, themselves one of the closest employees of this journal, corrected me: "Not half, but completely." My attempts at responding were not published; and it would be unthinkable to answer everything. Bogdanov
After the death of Bogdanov UBM did publish Stefan Krivtsov's memories of Bogdanov.
The first responsible editor of the journal was Vagarshak Ter-Vaganyan who ran it from 1922 to 1923 and later Abram Deborin who edited the journal from 1926 until 1931, then from 1931 to 1944 the editor was Mark Mitin and the final editor was Mikhail Iovchuk before the journal was closed and succeeded by Problems of philosophy.
Bonifaty Kedrov (first editor-in-chief of Problems of philosophy) wrote:
Among Soviet philosophers, during 1922-1943 there was a magazine called Under the Banner of Marxism. It was born in early 1922, and in its issue No. 3 was printed a program article by VI Lenin "On the Significance of Militant Materialism". For 20 years, this magazine published a lot of good militant articles on their pages; but during the war it somehow faded and in the middle of 1943 its existence stopped altogether. It was not closed. No, it just did not have the strength to go out.
Problems of philosophy was established in July 1947 as a successor to Under the Banner of Marxism.
Articles
1922
No.1&2
3 Editorial
5 1. Leon Trotsky: Letter
8 2. Abram Deborin: Collapse of Europe or celebration of imperialism?
28 3. Vagarshak Ter-Vaganyan: Our Russian Spenglerians
33 4. Yevgeni Preobrazhensky: Debris of old Russia
36 5. Georgi Plekhanov: Augustin Thierry and the materialist conception of history, (from 1895)
50 6. Vladimir Vilensky-Sibiryakov: The problem of production and the revolution
59 7. Vagarshak Ter-Vaganyan: On Georgii Safarov's book The Colonial Revolution: The Case of Turkistan
63 8. Avetis Sultan-Zade: Question of Industrialization of India
Tribune
66 9. Party member: On courses for Marxist studies in the Socialist Academy
68 10. A. Frenkel: It is necessary to sharpen the revolutionary weapon
Bibliography
70 11. Arkady Timiryasev: Review: Relativity: The Special and the General Theory by Albert Einstein
73 12. Vagarshak Ter-Vaganyan: Marx and Engels Collected Works Vol. III
74 13. Vagarshak Ter-Vaganyan: Plekhanov's letter to Lavrov
76 14. B.Sch.: Gabriel Deville: Scientific socialism
77 15. Boris Pinson: Mehring. Historical materialism.
78 16. S. Gimmelfarb: Boris Gorev: Materialism - the philosophy of the proletariat
79 17. Vagarshak Ter-Vaganyan: Antionio Labriola. Historical materialism and philosophy
80 18. M. Pavlovich (pseudonym of Mikhail Veltman): Andrei Snesarev: Afghanistan
1931
Ernst Kolman: "Hegel and Mathematics" (1931)
References
Russian-language magazines
Magazines established in 1922
Magazines disestablished in 1944
Philosophy magazines
Marxist magazines
Magazines published in the Soviet Union
1922 establishments in Russia
1944 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
Magazines published in Moscow
Monthly magazines published in Russia
Bi-monthly magazines
The following is a timeline of the Syrian Civil War from January to April 2019. Information about aggregated casualty counts is found at Casualties of the Syrian Civil War.
January 2019
1 January
Rebel factions clash in Western Aleppo and Idlib for the control of Darat Izza, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR).
2 January
SOHR reported the death of 11 civilians, including 5 children by Coalition bombing on Deir ez-Zor.
6 January
Following the December announcement of withdrawal of their troops, the US imposed the security of their Kurdish-led allies as a condition for the withdrawal. Previously, Turkey had announced an offensive against the Democratic Federation of Northern Syria for the time after the withdrawal.
8 January
Russian military units begin patrolling areas in and around the vicinity of Manbij, including Arima, according to pro-Russian Al-Masdar News.
11 January
The CJTF-OIR anti-ISIL Coalition confirms the withdrawal process of US troops from Syria has officially begun.
12–13 January
Journalist Mohammed Hassan posted pictures on Twitter of a joint base of operations in Arima shared by the Russians, the Syrian government, and the Manbij Military Council. Reports and images of Russian Military Police conducting joint patrols with the Manbij Military Council in what the Russians called “the security zone around Manbij" also surfaced. Russian military police spokesperson Yusup Mamatov said “The task is to ensure security in the area of responsibility (and) to monitor the situation and movements of armed formations.”
15 January
In the city of Manbij, a suicide attack claimed by ISIL leaves at least 19 casualties. Among them, four U.S. soldiers are reported dead and three wounded.
Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) fully capture al-Susah from ISIL.
17 January
Citing the recent attack on American soldiers in Manbij, French President Emmanuel Macron states that ISIL is not yet defeated and reaffirms their commitment to keep French soldiers in Syria throughout 2019 despite US withdrawal.
18 January
A massive explosion targeting a Tahrir al-Sham headquarters in Idlib kills 15 people and wounds 20 others. car bomb is reported to have been used in the attack, according to Al-Masdar.
20 January
Israel launches a wave of cruise missile and guided bomb attacks against what it considered to be Hezbollah and Iranian sites in Syria after an alleged Iranian rocket was intercepted over the Golan Heights. 11 people were killed in the pre-dawn strikes, with Russia claiming 4 of those were Syrian troops. The strikes also caused significant infrastructural damage to Damascus International Airport.
21 January
An ISIL suicide car bomb targets a US convoy accompanied by SDF troops on the Shadadi-Al-Hasakah road in Al-Hasakah province, killing five SDF personnel. Witnesses said the SVBIED rammed into an SDF vehicle by a checkpoint held by Kurdish forces a dozen kilometers outside Shadadi as the US convoy drove past. No Americans were harmed.
22 January
Syrian Democratic Forces secure Mozan and capture most of as-Safafinah from the Islamic State in the Middle Euphrates River Valley. ISIL's territorial control in Eastern Syria is reduced to two villages - al-Marashidah and al-Shajlah.
23 January
After an ISIL counterattack, the Syrian Democratic Forces storm the ISIL-held towns of Al-Baghuz Fawqani and al-Shajlah. Heavy clashes are reported from inside al-Baghuz. Shajlah and Baghuz Fawqani were later reported to be fully liberated.
24 January
The US imposes sanctions on Liwa Fatemiyoun and Liwa Zainebiyoun for providing material support to Iran's Quds Force.
In Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan reaffirm they are "actively collaborating" in Syria and both jointly support the idea of a safe zone in northern Syria.
29 January
France becomes the first European country to take back citizens arrested on suspicion of links to the Islamic State, with 130 ISIL suspects held in SDF custody expected to be repatriated to France within upcoming weeks. Only the US, Lebanon, Russia, Indonesia and Sudan, had so far agreed to repatriate their nationals. Among the suspects are members of the infamous "Artigat Network" that masterminded several attacks in France, including an attack in Nice which killed 87 people.
31 January
An American court found the Bashar al-Assad government liable for the extrajudicial killing of the Sunday Times war correspondent Marie Colvin and ordered the Syrians to pay $300 million (£228 million) in punitive damages.
February 2019
2 February
A five-story building in the war-torn Salaheddine District of Aleppo collapses, killing 11 people with only one person rescued alive. The neighborhood was a hotly contested rebel front line during the Battle of Aleppo.
ISIL sends messages via smugglers requesting safe passage to Turkey from Kurdish forces. The deal is rejected.
7 February
The Rukban refugee camp along the Jordan–Syria border receives its first shipment of aid in three months with 118 trucks from the United Nations and Syrian Arab Red Crescent reaching the camp with supplies for its 40,000-45,000 residents.
9 February
The Syrian Democratic Forces launch their final assault on the remaining ISIL enclave in the Middle Euphrates River Valley (MERV).
Armenia sends a team of 83 de-mining experts, medical personnel and security officers to defuse mines and provide medical help to residents of Aleppo. Russia provides transport and logistical assistance for the mission.
11 February
After a meeting of their respective defense ministers in Ankara, Russia and Turkey announced their joint intentions to seek "decisive" measures to stabilize the situation in Syria's Idlib province. The released joint statement did not specify what the measures were or when they might happen.
16 February
UK Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt stated that Syria had no "future" under Bashar Al-Assad but was "stuck" with them due to Russian support.
SOHR reported that at least 18 people were killed and many more injured after sporadic Syrian government shelling on Maarrat al-Nu'man, Khan Shaykhun, Hama and surrounding settlements in the rebel-held Idlib region within the past two days. Rebels responded with machine gun and rocket fire towards SAA positions.
18 February
Two explosions kill over 25, and wounds 20 in Idlib.
21 February
The United States' allies France and the United Kingdom say they won't keep their troops in Syria after the United States pulls out.
The White House announces 200 U.S. troops would remain in Syria as a "peacekeeping" force post-withdrawal. The announcement came after the U.S. and Turkish presidents spoke earlier in the day. The number was later raised to 400.
23 February
Turkish President Erdoğan asserts that any potential "safe zone" established along the Turkish border must be under Turkish control.
25 February
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad meets with Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, President Hassan Rouhani, and Major General Qassem Soleimani in Tehran. It's Assad's first public visit to Tehran since 2010, before the civil war.
28 February
Syrian Democratic Forces discover a mass grave in Baghuz Fawqani containing dozens of decapitated bodies, mainly of Yazidi people.
March 2019
7 March
Human rights legal teams submitted cases to the International Criminal Court alleging possible war crimes and crimes against humanity by the Assad government. The lawsuits were submitted on behalf of 28 Syrian refugees in Jordan who say they were forced to flee the country.
13 March
In the most extensive and heaviest bombardment in weeks, Syrian and Russian warplanes pounded the rebel-held enclave in the Idlib-Hama-east Latakia region, deemed a "de-escalation zone" since the 2018 demilitarization agreement. Russia confirmed they, in coordination with Turkey, targeted Hayat Tahrir al-Sham drones and weapons stockpiles. Among dozens of rocket strikes, usage of incendiary and cluster munitions were reported as well. The Syrian army has escalated its shelling of the rebel enclave since February 2019, causing civilians to depopulate rebel-held towns in the buffer zone. The attacks have killed dozens of civilians and injured hundreds, and led to tens of thousands of people fleeing front line areas to camps and towns closer to the Turkish border, rescuers and aid agencies have said. The army have denied the deliberate targeting of civilians.
14 March
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) declares progress after the ISIL camp on the outskirts of Baghuz is captured.
19 March
SDF and Kurdish fighters report "significant progress" in the fight against ISIL in Baghuz; the town itself is fully liberated with a few small pockets remaining along the Euphrates river.
20 March
The SDF report that the remaining ISIL fighters in Baghuz are operating in tunnels along the Euphrates.
21 March
US President Donald Trump announces their intentions to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the disputed Golan Heights, a move welcomed by Israel.
23 March
The Syrian Democratic Forces capture the last territory held by the Islamic State, ending their territorial control in Syria.
25 March
President Donald Trump officially signs a declaration of the US's recognition of Israel's claim to the Golan Heights region during a visit by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the United States.
28 March
At least 7 people are killed in Aleppo following air strikes in the region; Syria blames Israel for the assault.
April 2019
1 April
Media sources report ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is believed to be hiding in tunnels under the Iraq-Syria border.
7 April
At least 15 people are killed by continued shelling between government and rebel forces in the Idlib-Hama region, further straining the formal truce brokered in 2018.
12 April
At least two children are reportedly killed and five others injured after tampering with a land mine in Aleppo.
13 April
Syria says Israel launched airstrikes at a military research facility near Masyaf known as the "Accounting School", along with targeting a missile development center in a village near Masyaf, and a nearby military base run by Iran-backed fighters. The strikes injured at least 6 soldiers. The SOHR reports that 17 were wounded and deaths occurred, but no number was given. Reportedly a nearby S-300 missile system battery did not fire anything at all against the attack.
20 April
SOHR reports that, in the deadliest attacks on pro-government forces in weeks, jihadist cells have killed almost 50 pro-government fighters across Syria within the previous 48 hours. ISIL claims responsibility for the collective assaults.
Kosovo repatriates 110 of its citizens from Syria, including 72 children, 32 women, and four men suspected of fighting for ISIL. The men were arrested upon arrival back into the country.
23 April
Major protests erupt in the cities of Al-Busayrah and Shuhail in the eastern part of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate in opposition to SDF and Kurdish administration.
28 April
The Martyr Akram Ali Ibrahim Al-Ahmad school in Qalaat al-Madiq was bombed by government forces.
29 April
ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi makes their first appearance on video since 2014; in the 40 second video, al-Baghdadi speaks about the Battle of Baghuz and praises the Sri Lanka Easter bombings.
30 April
After weeks of intensified bombardment, the SAA launches an offensive into the rebel-controlled Idlib-Hama region.
References
Timelines of the Syrian civil war
2019 in Syria
Conflicts in 2019
Joseph Reginald Broad (born 24 August 1982 in Bristol) is an English professional footballer. They currently play for A.F.C. St Austell after leaving Southern League club Truro City.
Career
Broad began their career as a trainee with Plymouth Argyle, turning professional in August 2000. They played pre-season games for Weymouth in 2001 and was linked with a loan move there, but remained with Plymouth. They made an impressive league debut on 18 August 2001, as a substitute for Sean Evers in a goalless draw away to Hull City. First team chances were sparse at Home Park, so Broad was loaned to Conference side Yeovil Town in November 2001 to gain some additional experience.
They returned after a month with Yeovil, and signed a 12-month extension to their Plymouth contract. However, they struggled to establish themselves and was allowed to join Torquay United on a free transfer in September 2003. They were mainly used as a substitute by Torquay manager Leroy Rosenior and was released at the end of the season.
They were linked with a move to Southern League Tiverton Town, but in August 2004 they signed for Walsall. They were given a two-year contract extension and Merson continued to speak highly of the midfielder. However, in September 2005, Broad joined Conference North side Redditch United on loan to gain more first team experience. They returned to Walsall, but in November 2005 rejoined Redditch on loan until the end of the season.
Paul Merson later decided that they were not part of their plans at Walsall and on 16 January 2006, Broad left to join Truro City helping the Cornish side to promotion to the Western League Division One in 2006, and promotion to the Premier Division a year later. They scored the club's third and final goal in the FA Vase final on 13 May 2007, and captained the side to the Western League title the following season. By 2013, they had played in over 300 matches for Truro in all competitions. After suffering an injury near the end of the 2013–14 season, they left the club in June 2014.
Honours
Truro City
FA Vase
Winners: (1): 2006–07
Southern Football League Division One South & West
Winners: (1): 2008–09
Western Football League Premier Division:
Winners: (1): 2007–08
Western Football League Division One:
Winners: (1): 2006–07
Cornish Senior Cup
Winners: (2): 2006–07, 2007–08
References
1982 births
Living people
Footballers from Bristol
English footballers
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
Yeovil Town F.C. players
Torquay United F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
Redditch United F.C. players
Truro City F.C. players
A.F.C. St Austell players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Association football midfielders
Tasersuaq (old spelling: Taserssuaq) is a large lake in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland. The name of the lake means large lake in the Greenlandic language, and is a common name shared by several lakes in the country.
Geography
Tasersuaq is a latitudinal lake of elongated sausage shape, extending from approximately in the west to in the east, located halfway between Sisimiut in the west and Kangerlussuaq in the east, approximately east of the former, and west of the latter. In the northwest the lake is bounded by tall mountains of the Pingu mountain group. The range flattens considerably towards the east in the area of Kangaamiut dike swarm north of Kangerlussuaq, due to pressure exerted by the Greenland ice sheet () for long periods in the past. The eastern end of the lake is located just west of the Tarajornitsut highland.
Polar route
The tough, long Arctic Circle Race takes place each winter, with the trail partially overlapping with the Polar Route from Sisimiut to Kangerlussuaq. The race was inaugurated in 1998, since then becoming an international competition. The Polar Route passes near the southwestern shore of Tasersuaq, in the Kangerluatsiarsuaq bay of the lake, where a hut erected by the Sisimiut tourist office stands at the shore. The route then heads to the southeast, towards Amitsorsuaq lake, and further east to Tarajornitsut, ending in Umiarsualivik on the shores of Kangerlussuaq Fjord, approximately west-south-west of Kangerlussuaq.
References
Panorama
Lakes of Greenland
ceb:Tasersuaq (lanaw sa Qeqqata, lat 67,13, long -53,05)
sv:Tasersuaq (sjö i Grönland, Qeqqata, lat 67,13, long -53,05)
The Jones–Imboden Raid was a Confederate military action conducted in western Virginia (now the state of West Virginia) in April and May 1863 during the American Civil War. The raid, led by Brig. Gens. William E. Jones and John D. Imboden, was aimed at disrupting traffic on the vital Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and reasserting Confederate authority in transmountain Virginia in an effort to derail the growing statehood movement in the region, since voters had in March approved a new Constitution and statehood only awaited Congressional and Presidential approval.
Raiders claimed success from a military vantage, since they severely damaged several railroad bridges (though not the two most critical), as well as an oil field and other critical Union resources. Raiders also captured valuable supplies and gained recruits. From a political standpoint, however, the raid failed, for it had little effect on pro-statehood sentiment, and West Virginia was admitted as the 35th State of the Union in June.
Background
The raid was first proposed by John Hanson McNeill of McNeill's Rangers. They planned to destroy at least one important bridge of the Baltimore and Ohio (B&O) Railroad, which was vital to the Union supply lines through western Virginia. McNeill's idea was expanded into a two-prong attack. While Gen. Jones attacked the B&O between Grafton (West) Virginia and Oakland, Maryland, Gen. Imboden would attack Union garrisons at Beverly, Philippi, and Buckhannon. Raiders wanted to secure supplies, disrupt the B&O Railroad, raise recruits and, if possible, cripple the Unionist government in Wheeling—which was a growing industrial city because of the B&O, and as a major Ohio River port where the Wheeling Suspension Bridge carried the National Road across the Ohio River.
Rowlesburg Raid
General W. E. Jones, whose nickname "Grumble" reflected their irascible temper and profanity-laced tirades, commanded the 6th, 7th, 11th and 12th Virginia Cavalry, the 1st Maryland Battalion of Cavalry, 35th Battalion of Virginia Cavalry, and McNeill's Rangers. They left Rockingham County with 3,500 men on April 21, 1863, and moved into (West) Virginia. Their primary target were two bridges in Preston County near Rowlesburg. Passing through Greenland Gap on April 25, 1863, they encountered a fortified troop detachment of the 23rd Illinois and was delayed four hours in capturing their position (Battle of Greenland Gap). Jones' Confederates continued west, riding to summit of Backbone Mountain and on to Red House the same day (Red House is located at the intersection of US 219 and US 50). Here they encamped briefly.
Next morning, April 26, 1863, Jones sent McNeill's rangers and the 12th Virginia Cavalry to destroy the B&O bridge at Oakland, Maryland, about to the north, while Jones's other forces set out to destroy the two main targets of the campaign: the wood and iron bridge crossing Cheat River and the iron bridge crossing Tray Run. R. E. Lee would say that to destroy the Cheat River Bridge would be "worth to me an army" (Workman, 2006). Preserving "Lincoln's Lifeline" was of equal importance to Federal forces. The bridges crossing Cheat River and Tray Run in Rowlesburg strategic because their destruction would halt rail traffic all the way to the Ohio River. After the initial threat posed by General Garrett's unsuccessful move toward Rowlesburg in 1861, the Rowlesburg garrison had been gradually reduced to about 250 men under the command of Major John Showalter.
Early on the morning of April 26, 1863, Jones and their cavalry rode from Red House, Maryland to the foot of Cheat Mountain on the old Northwestern Turnpike, now US 50. Upon reaching the Cheat River, Jones chose another a two-prong maneuver. The east side of covered bridge was about five miles (8 km) south of Rowlesburg, so Jones sent a small dismounted force of fewer than 100 men up and over Palmer's Knob to descend into Rowlesburg. This maneuver shortened the route to Rowlesburg by half. Jones ordered their field officer, Captain Octavius T. Weems of the 11th Virginia Cavalry, to torch the Cheat River railroad bridge "at all hazard."
Weems' company K formed on Palmer's Knob, across the river, east of town while church services were underway. Union soldiers and townsmen grabbed their weapons and rushed to take up defensive positions. The Confederates took up attack positions about two-thirds way down the mountain on a "bench" where they formed a line and moved forward. According to an eyewitness account, at around two-thirty, the troopers "came bounding and bellowing down the mountain, yelling like fiends just up from the pit" (Workman, 2006). Concealed behind the railroad embankment and armed with Enfield (Workman, 2006). Union forces tended to us Springfield rifles|date=April 2021}} rifles and muskets, soldiers and townspeople allowed the Raiders to come within "easy rifle range," then opened with devastating fire.
According to other accounts, Weems' men also received fire from "sharpshooters" and "townsfolk," and cannons from Cannon Hill about above the valley, which has clear views of the battle site. The rebels replied with a volley of their own. Then, a "constant and well-directed fire was opened up on them from the town, and in half an hour not a rebel was to be seen" (Workman, 2006). The Confederate force was in full retreat. Weems' attack on the railroad bridge crossing the Cheat River had failed utterly.
Fragments of artillery shells have been found on the hillside around Palmer's Knob and below where the Confederates grouped for their charge toward the bridge. Cannonballs have been found for years on Cannon Hill and in town. Oxen had pulled the cannons to the top of the hill, presumably to defend the bridge. Howitzers mentioned in contemporary records were likely used at close range along the barricade of crossties that defenders had established. Deployment of cannons during the battle for the bridge would explain why the Confederates retreated without reaching it.
Meanwhile, with the remainder of their forces, Jones had moved two miles (3 km) west to Macomber where the River Road (now WV 72) connected Rowlesburg to the Northwestern Turnpike. They sent Col. John S. Green and their 6th Virginia Cavalry to drive in pickets and attack any perimeter defenses—creating in effect a pincer move against Rowlesburg. At two o'clock shots were heard in town from the direction of the River Road where Green's forces were driving the pickets back to the Union lines. Green advance until their troops were less than a mile from town, just beyond a point known as The Cliffs. There a log barricade thrown up by the Union forces stopped them. As the Confederate cavalry approached, Union Lt. McDonald ordered their riflemen to fire. Unable to charge past the enemy as Jones had commanded, Green ordered their men to fall back, then sent for Jones.
This decision would infuriate Gen. Jones and eventually led to Green's court-martial in September. Col. Green next ordered troops armed with carbines to dismount and move forward along the road and engage McDonald's force. They came under heavy fire from the mountaineers in the rifle-pits and fell back. Green sent another dismounted group higher up the steep mountainside to circle above McDonald's men. Strengthened by Lieutenant Hathaway's Company K, the Union line held once again. According to one source, Hathaway's force consisted mainly of "about 20 citizens" (Workman, 2006).
As the day progressed, the fighting on the river road became a desperate test of wills. According to one source, the battle raged "at intervals from 3 p.m. until dark...." (Workman, 2006). Green could do nothing to dislodge the stubborn Rowlesburg troops and townsmen from their positions. Finally, an enraged Jones personally commanded the last assault. After seeing their troops still stalemated, they ordered Green to hold their position until dusk, and then pull back to the turnpike. Jones accepted defeat and moved west to camp for the night. According to Jones, "To renew the attack without the hope of surprise was out of the question, with the difficulties of the ground against us" (Workman, 2006). The dreaded Confederate Cavalry had proven useless because of the narrow passage and steep hillside. Analogous to the Persians at Thermopylae, Jones was defeated by geography and a stubborn enemy willing to sacrifice all in their first major battle of the campaign.
Both Confederate President Jefferson Davis and Commander of the Army of Northern Virginia General Robert E. Lee considered Rowlesburg a principal target of the raid. Nonetheless, it had withstood the Confederate onslaught and was the only target of that raid to emerge unscathed. "Lincoln's Lifeline" was preserved.
The Oakland raid had succeeded in destroying bridges, but the critical Cheat River bridge remained intact. Jones blamed their subordinates for weak execution of their orders.
Gen. John Imboden commanded the 22nd, 25th, and 31st Virginia Infantry regiments, the 62nd Virginia Mounted Infantry, Dunn's Mounted Infantry, and the 18th and 19th Virginia Cavalry. Their subordinate officers included Col. George S. Patton of the 22nd, and Col. William Lowther Jackson of the 19th Virginia Cavalry (later promoted to brigadier general). On April 20, 1863, Imboden moved westward from Shenandoah Mountain with 1,825 men, and reinforcements the next day increased their strength to 3,365. Imboden marched through a heavy rain and then snow toward Beverly. There, they defeated Union defenders under Col. George Latham, who retreated northward, abandoning much needed supplies.
Imboden proceeded towards Buckhannon, but reports of Union reinforcements at Philippi and no news of Jones's position caused them to return to Beverly. Union Brig. Gen. Benjamin S. Roberts, at Buckhannon, decided to withdraw their forces from there as well as from Philippi in order to reinforce Clarksburg.
That same day, April 28, Imboden learned of Roberts' retreat from Buckhannon and immediately moved their forces there. Roberts had ordered remaining supplies burned, but Imboden's men were able to salvage some, and well as collect cattle and horses.
In Washington, Gen. Henry Wager Halleck was frustrated by their subordinate officers' inability to stop the raid. They telegraphed to Gen. Robert C. Schenck: "The enemy's raid is variously estimated at from 1,500 to 4,000. You have 45,000 under your command. If you cannot concentrate enough to meet the enemy, it does not argue well for your military dispositions." To Gen. Benjamin S. Roberts in Buckhannon they wrote: "I do not understand how the roads there are impassable to you, when, by your own account, they are passable enough to the enemy."
On April 29 Imboden decided to march to Philippi. En route they met Gen. Jones and part of their command. Jones had so far burned nine railroad bridges, captured two trains, an artillery piece, 1,200 to 1,500 horses, and 1,000 head of cattle.
On May 3 they moved their forces to Weston, just south of Clarksburg. Two days later they led a parade through the town and some ladies presented then with a flag. Gen. Imboden took the opportunity to send their parents, who lived in Weston, to safety behind Confederate lines.
Although they had contemplated attacking Clarksburg, the two generals decided that they did not have enough men, detachments having been sent east with the cattle and sick and injured troops remained in Beverly and Buckhannon. They decided to split forces once again, Jones's troops raiding northwest and Imboden's forces moving south to Summersville with the captured supplies and the wounded.
Jones captured West Union and Cairo, burned five more bridges and disabled a railroad tunnel. In Burning Springs(a/k/a "Oiltown"), their troops demolished the oil field and equipment, and burned of oil. They then moved south to join up with Imboden.
Bad weather returned for Imboden on their march south, the last three days before reaching Summersville covering only . At Summersville they captured a 28 wagon supply train pulled by 170 mules, and also gathered more livestock. They met again with Jones there on May 14 and once again they went their separate ways. Imboden moved south to Lewisburg. Union troops that attempted to stop their return to the Shenandoah Valley were met by another Confederate force under Col. John McCausland, who defeated them at Fayetteville, southwest of Summersville. Gen. Imboden reached the Shenandoah Valley in the last week of May.
Gen. Jones led their men through Greenbrier County where they rested at White Sulphur Springs on May 17 at the "Old White". They moved on to Bath County camped near Mount Crawford in Rockingham County on May 21.
Aftermath
In their final tally of the raid, Jones estimated that about 30 of the enemy were killed and 700 prisoners taken. Some 400 new recruits were added, as well as a piece of artillery, 1,000 head of cattle, and some 1,200 horses. Sixteen bridges had been destroyed, an oil field, many boats and rolling rail stock (Workman, 2006).
However, raiders also failed to destroy a suspension bridge across the Monongahela River, and important politicians of the Restored Government of Virginia who were auxiliary targets escaped. Senator Waitman Willey took a fast buggy across the Ohio River, and raiders could only burn the library of Gov. Francis Pierpont in Fairmont.
The greater part of Gen. Imboden's troops and many of Gen. Jones's troops came from western Virginia. Just a few weeks after their raid, those homes would be formally recognized by the governments in Wheeling and Washington as being located in the newest State of the Union, West Virginia, which officially achieved statehood on June 20, 1863. Although West Virginia's admission to the Union would never be formally recognized by either the Confederate government or the secessionist state government located in Richmond, the Confederacy was never again able to seriously challenge the Union for effective control of the 35th state.
Notes
References
Black, Robert W., Cavalry Raids of the Civil War, Stackpole Books, 2004.
Collins, Darrell, L., The Jones-Imboden Raid: The Confederate Attempt to Destroy the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad and Retake West Virginia, McFarland Press, 2007.
Woodward, Harold R., Jr., Defender of the Valley: Brigadier General John Daniel Imboden, C.S.A., Howell Press, 1996.
Workman, Michael, "Worth to Me an Army", Study of the History of Rowlesburg in Civil War, commissioned by the Rowlesburg Area Historical Society under a grant from the West Virginia Department of Transportation, Byways Trail Project, 2006.
Cavalry raids of the American Civil War
Conflicts in 1863
1863 in Virginia
Military operations of the American Civil War in West Virginia
April 1863 events
May 1863 events
Juliette M. Passer is an American attorney, writer, music director for E.S. Records, and founder of the Panamanagement Corporation.
They were an American Adviser to the Committee of Economic Development of St. Petersburg, Russian Federation, for the development of free economic zones from 1990-1993, and participated as an American expert in drafting and commenting on various legislation for several Republics in the former USSR. From 1997 to 1999, they served as an American adviser to the Finance Committee of St. Petersburg, Russian Federation.
Ms. Passer is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. The Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) is an American nonprofit, nonpartisan membership organization, and served on the Board of Directors of the Council for Trade and Economic Cooperation, and other companies. They maintain a wide range of contacts in Russian regions as well as in Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Panama and China.
Ms. Passer has written and spoken widely about issues of commerce and law in new markets, the internet, information technology and e-commerce.  They are a frequent guest lecturer and adjunct faculty member at the Russian Juridical Academy of the Tashkent State University of Economics, Kaplan University, Marywood University, Moravian College and others.
Studies
Juliette Passer holds a JD (cum laude) from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law, and also studied Soviet Law at the Columbia University School of Law. Ms Passer holds a Bachelor of Music degree, and a Master of Music degree, from the Manhattan School of Music, where they majored in harp, conducting, and music education. Them postgraduate work at New York University was in child psychology and music therapy. They also studied at the Juilliard School in New York, and the Santa Cecilia Conservatory in Rome, Italy.
Career
Ms. Passer practiced law with the international law firms of Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler and Debevoise & Plimpton in New York, specializing in corporate and project finance. They have represented both United States and international clients in such sectors as aircraft leasing, aviation, pharmaceuticals, petrochemicals, transportation, telecommunications, technology transfer, information technology (IT) and the internet, executive compensation and wealth preservation, advertising, clothing manufacturing, defense conversion, energy production and conversion, entertainment, non-profit organizations and printing. They have worked on international transactions ranging from mid-size joint ventures, a 300 million dollar debt restructuring of a United States telecommunications company, and a 250 million dollar petrochemical plant financing by a Finnish company, among numerous others, in such diverse markets as the former republics of the USSR, Eastern and Western Europe, China, Turkey and Panama where Ms Passer has maintained an office since 2007.
In recent years, Ms. Passer has worked with internet-based companies on projects in financing, licensing and domain names, disputes, international business transactions and general corporate representation for new media and IT companies. They also serve on the board of directors of several major companies.
References
Who's Who of American Law-Marquis
Who's Who of American Women-Marquis
Cardozo Life Magazine
Uniquely me
Scientific Commons
Namebase.org (Archive)
The Impact of perestroika on Soviet law By Albert J. Schmidt, Preface
Russia's Constitutional Rev. By Robert Ahdieh, p179
External links
PanaManagement Corporation Site
Living people
American women lawyers
People from New York (state)
Manhattan School of Music alumni
Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler people
21st-century American women
The Oak Cliff Tribune was a Dallas, Texas, weekly newspaper that focused on the Oak Cliff community. It ran from 1903 until February 5, 2009, when Mark Housewright, its publisher, shut it down.
Owners
Guggenheim
Buck Walker Brown (1878–1953), purchased the OCT from Guggenheim in 1923
A group of investors headed by Robert Lunsford (1901–1952) and Moultrie Hale Cornelius, Jr. (1917–1965) purchased the OCT from Buck Walker Browne and DeForrest Kline (1889–1966) in September 1946
Mark Housewright (born 1948), publisher of the Tribune from September 1997 to February 2009 (11 years, 6 months)
The Tribune Printing Company Inc.
The Tribune Printing Company Inc. was incorporated September 13, 1946, in Texas. In December of 1953, Sam Hanna Acheson (1900–1972), who had been a shareholder, president, and publisher, sold their shares to others, triggering a realignment in management. As of December 19, 1953, the shareholders and officers included:
Raymond Garber Zauber (1917–2001), president & co-publisher
John N. Patton, Jr. (1921–1989), vice-president & co-publisher
Moultrie Hale Cornelius, Jr. (1917–1965), vice president
Ruth McCombs, vice president
Shelby S. Cox, secretary & attorney
Susan Eleanor Lunsford (née Fullilove; 1903–1973), treasurer (widow of former shareholder, Robert Lunsford)
Mrs. Ray Zauber, assistant secretary
Mrs. John Patton, assistant secretary
As of January 13, 1956, the following officers were added:
H. Cal Kincaid, vice president & director
Manuel Conrad DeBusk (born 1914), director (Dallas attorney)
References
Publications established in 1903
Publications disestablished in 2009
Defunct newspapers published in Texas
Defunct newspapers of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
Illya Marchenko was the defending champion but chose not to defend their title.
Viktor Galović won the title after defeating Mirza Bašić 7–6(7–3), 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Guzzini Challenger - Singles
2017 Singles
Polycestella curta is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Polycestella.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Shivaji Tupe was an Indian artist from Nashik. They were known for their work in watercolor medium and sketches that illustrated the beauty of nature. They were more interested in portraying the scenic beauty of river banks such as Godavari Ghaats in Nashik and Gangaa Ghaats of Banaras, over five decades.
Early life and education
Shivaji Tupe was born in the family with art background. They were born in a small village Sinnar in Nashik district. Their interest in art was no surprise for their family. Tupe took the painting as passion, rather than just a profession.
They completed their formal education in arts from J.J. School of arts in Mumbai in 1957.
Work and achievements
Shivaji Tupe is well known among the community for putting the aesthetics of Godaghaat on canvas. They fell in love with architecture of ancient temples such as Naroshankar temple, kalaram temple, Sundarnarayan temple etc.
Their paintings mainly covered the holy culture of temples, Ghaat areas of Godavari and ‘Waada culture' of Nashik. Their work about life in the lanes of town and Waada culture is acclaimed by the art lovers.
Tupe roamed all across the country in the search of subjects and Ghaats. The Gangaa Ghaat of Banaras appealed them and they sketched the life of Banaras through their pen-ink medium. They always said that they travelled all across the country but the beauty of Nashik Ghaats captured their mind the most.
They were associated with Nashik Kala Niketan. They used to teach art there. Later, they were appointed as the secretary at Nashik Kala Niketan. Solo exhibitions of Tupe's paintings have been organized on many occasions. Their art and love towards Godaghaats had earned them fame and a place of respect in art society, also recognition from entities like Lalit Kala Akademi, the Bombay Art Society and Academy of Fine Arts, Kolkata. Among the many awards won by him, the K. R. Paranjape Gunjan Kala Puraskar is an important achievement.
References
Indian male painters
Painters from Maharashtra
Indian watercolourists
1935 births
2013 deaths
20th-century Indian painters
20th-century Indian male artists
Association Sportive Nika, more commonly known as AS Nika, is a Congolese football club based in Kisangani, Tshopo province and currently playing in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of the Congolese football. Their home games are played at Stade Lumumba.
History
AS Nika was founded in 1955 as FC RUBI, the name of the river which symbolizes their origin and which is found at the entrance to the city of Buta, by the students of Frères Maristes school from Buta who came to study in Kisangani.
Over time, the club has had several names ; FC Dieterein, INSS, Espoir, Electronic and from 1972 AS Nika.
Honours
Ligue de Football de Province Orientale (LIFPO)
Winners (1): 2006
Runners-up (1): 2010
References
External links
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Association football clubs established in 1955
Kisangani
1955 establishments in the Belgian Congo
The Schumann House is a cultural site in Leipzig in Germany. The musicians Robert Schumann and their wife Clara lived here for their first four years of marriage; there are now exhibition rooms in their former apartment, about their life and work.
Background
The building was constructed, in Neoclassical style, by Friedrich August Schiedel in 1838. Robert and Clara Schumann, after their marriage in September 1840, lived here until 1844 in an apartment on the first floor.
Guests the Schumanns received here include Felix Mendelssohn, Franz Liszt and Hector Berlioz. Works composed by Robert Schumann during this period include the Spring Symphony, the three String Quartets and the Piano Quintet.
Exhibition
The building, apart from the exhibition rooms on the first floor, is now the independent primary school "Clara Schumann". Among the exhibition rooms are the Schumann Salon, where the Schumanns received guests; the Travel Room, which is concerned with concert tours to Denmark in 1842 and Russia in 1844; and the Sound Room (Klangraum), designed in the style of the Biedermeier period, which contains an interactive sound installation by the artist .
See also
Robert Schumann House
Lindenmuseum Clara Schumann
List of music museums
References
Biographical museums in Germany
Music museums in Germany
Museums in Saxony
Robert Schumann
Kuwait–Cartucho.es was a Kuwaiti UCI Continental cycling team that existed only for the 2017 road cycling season.
In November 2016, the team announced the signing of Davide Rebellin and Stefan Schumacher - both of which have served bans for doping positives.
Team roster
Major wins
2017
Stage 1 Le Tour de Filipinas, Fernando Grijalba
Stages 4 & 8 Tour du Cameroun, Salah Eddine Mraouni
Stage 6 Tour du Maroc, Salah Eddine Mraouni
Overall International Tour de Banyuwangi Ijen, Davide Rebellin
Stage 1, Davide Rebellin
Stage 5 Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan), Davide Rebellin
References
UCI Continental Teams (Asia)
Cycling teams established in 2017
Cycling teams based in Kuwait
Yonghe Yongping Elementary School is an under construction metro station on the Wanda–Zhonghe–Shulin line located in the western part of Yonghe, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open at the end of 2025.
Station overview
The station will be a three-level, underground station with an island platform. The station will be designed based on the concept that is derived from the integration and expansion of green environments in schools, and an underground botanical garden will be introduced in this station as well.
Originally, the name of this station was planned to be "Yonghe Station." However, after considering that this station still has quite a distance from Central Yonghe, it was decided that the name of the station be changed to Yonghe Yongping Elementary School. The station name originates from Yonghe, the name of the district, and the nearby Yongping Elementary School.
Station layout
Around the station
Yongping Elementary School
Renai Park
Museum of World Religions
References
Wanda–Zhonghe–Shulin line stations
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2025
Kilmurry means "Church of Mary" in Irish, and is the name of several villages or parishes. It may refer to:
Kilmurry GAA, a Gaelic football club based in the division of Muskerry of Cork GAA in the county of Cork
Kilmurry Civil parish, in the barony of Muskerry West, County Cork, Ireland
Kilmurry Ibrickane GAA, a Gaelic Athletic Association club in County Clare
Kilmurry McMahon, in the barony of Clonderlaw, Clare
Kilmurry-Negaul, near Sixmilebridge, Clare
Kilmurry railway station, on the Cork and Muskerry Light Railway in County Cork
Nawab Liaquat Ali Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-152 (Multan-V) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) but was unsuccessful. They received 36,335 votes and lost the seat to Assad Murtaza Gilani.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-152 (Multan-V) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 47,880 votes and defeated Syed Mujahid Ali Shah, a candidate of PML-Q.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan People's Party MNAs
Year of birth missing (living people)
George Howard (born 8 October 1996) is an English-born Australian professional footballer who plays as a striker.
Club career
George Howard moved to Australia with their family aged 1 or 15 from England where they had participated in the Sheffield United Academy, and was playing senior football for then fourth tier Victorian State League Division 1 side Eastern Lions by age 16. Howard joined National Premier Leagues Victoria 1 club Box Hill United in 2014, and was recruited to the Melbourne Victory Youth squad by Darren Davies in 2015. They trialled with the senior team in friendly games before the 2014–15 A-League season, scoring against Hume City. Howard made their senior A-League debut late in the 2014–15 season, replacing Archie Thompson against Central Coast Mariners on 27 March 2015. They won the NYL squad's Golden Boot award for 2014–15, with nine goals.
Howard was listed in the Melbourne Victory senior squad in nuketown ahead of the 2015–16 season. They made their second A-League appearance replacing Besart Berisha seconds before the final whistle against Adelaide United on 9 October 2015.
Howard scored their first A-League goal in the 93rd minute of Melbourne Victory's Round 26 match against Wellington Phoenix on 2 April 2016.
On 12 May 2017, Howard left the Victory.
External links
References
Living people
Association football forwards
Australian soccer players
English footballers
A-League Men players
Melbourne Victory FC players
National Premier Leagues players
1996 births
Gong Qiule (; born 27 July 1999) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a defender for Kunshan.
Club career
Gong Qiule was promoted to the senior team of Hebei China Fortune within the 2019 Chinese Super League season and would make their debut in a league game on 20 October 2019 against Jiangsu Suning F.C. in a 4-1 defeat.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
Gong Qiule at Worldfootball.net
1999 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
China youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Chinese Super League players
China League Two players
Hebei F.C. players
L'Intermédiaire des chercheurs et curieux (French: The Intermediate of the Researchers and Curious), abbreviated as ICC, is a monthly French magazine consisting of questions and answers of its readers on various encyclopedic topics. It focuses mainly on art, history, genealogy, literature, and religions.
History
The magazine appeared from 1864 to 1940. Initially it focused on the arts and all sciences. It reappeared in April 1951, first under a slightly different name.
A high-ranking official of Scottish origin, Charles Read, under the pseudonym of Carle de Rash, was the founder and the first director. They took as a model the Notes and Queries, published in London, and based it on the same principle. Genealogical and nobility issues gained in importance following the reappearance in 1951.
Since 1981 ICC is not published in September, i.e. the number of issues reduced from 12 to 11 per year.
Editors
Octave Lebesgue (1900–1931)
Philippe du Puy de Clinchamps (1913–1971), founder of the new series in 1951
Lucien Boisnormand
Patrice du Puy de Clinchamps, son of Philippe
Philippe Houël de Chaulieu
Charles-Henri de Sommyèvre
Other contributors
Paul Masson, between 1879 and 1895
Gustave Bord
Price
The ICC is sold by annual subscription:
1985: 400 French francs
1990: 485 French francs
1995: 608 French francs
2000: 635 French francs
2012: 99 Euro
References
External links
L'Intermédiaire des chercheurs et curieux, 1864-1937, Bibliothèque nationale de France (BnF), Gallica
1864 establishments in France
French-language magazines
History magazines
Genealogy publications
Monthly magazines published in France
Magazines published in Paris
The All-Ethiopia Socialist Movement (, native acronym: MEISON) is a political party in Ethiopia. A Marxist-Leninist organization, MEISON played an active role in Ethiopian politics during the 1970s. Both it and the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party (EPRP) were enthusiastic supporters of the revolution that toppled Emperor Haile Selassie. However, as Mengistu Haile Mariam rose to power as leader of the ruling Derg government, conflict began to develop between the two groups. MEISON initially aligned itself with the Derg, but fell out with Mengistu as the Red Terror progressed and was repressed from mid-1977 onwards.
History
MEISON was formed as a clandestine organization during the 8th ESUE (Ethiopian Student Union in Europe) congress in August 1968 by some of the most senior of the exiled radical Ethiopian students. Prominent founders include: Worku Ferede (elected chairperson at meeting), Kebede Mengesha, Negede Gobeze, Andargachew Assegid, Fikre Merid, Hagos Gebreyesus, and Haile Fida. Other early prominent members included Andreas Eshete, Haile Menkerios, Alem Habtu, and Dessalegn Rahmato.
Limited free expression was permitted following the 1974 revolution that installed the Derg as the state's authority, and politics became dominated by members of the radical Left who had previously opposed Haile Selassie at home and abroad. MEISON and the EPRP quickly grew to be the two dominant Marxist parties, and their leadership & members across Europe, North America, and the Middle East quickly returned home to take part in the revolution.
Ideological friction between EPRP and MEISON, for years played out in the arena of exile student politics, would never come close to improving at home, with deadly consequences for all. The EPRP opposed the Derg, claiming it was standing in the way of a genuine "people's democracy" and later accusing Mengistu of fascism. MEISON, on the other hand, was willing to allow the Derg authority in restructuring Ethiopian society along Marxist-Leninist principles, at least for the time being, and favored a more "controlled democracy." Because of this, MEISON won the Derg's favor, and gained key posts in the new government.
Conflict with EPRP and the Red Terror
Ideological differences eventually erupted into violent conflict that peaked in 1976, with clashes between EPRP and MEISON supporters and EPRP attacks against public buildings and high-ranking Derg officials. In response to this instability, Mengistu implemented a program of Red Terror designed to eliminate all EPRP opposition.
During the first stages of the Red Terror, MEISON remained closely allied with the Derg and assisted in combatting suspected EPRP supporters. But later in 1977, the Derg turned on MEISON, fearing its membership was more loyal to the party than it was to the Derg. In August 1977, most of MEISON's domestic leadership including its chairperson Haile Fida, quickly went underground and Haile attempted to flee Addis Ababa to their home province of Welega, but all were arrested and later executed. All other high-ranking MEISON members were removed from their government posts, and the Derg soon launched a bloody campaign against rural MEISON supporters.
Like the EPRP, MEISON is now a member of the UEDF coalition.
Notes
External links
Meison website
The Mengistu Regime and Its Impact, United States Country Studies Program, formerly the Army Area Handbook (1991)
1976 establishments in Ethiopia
Communist parties in Ethiopia
Factions of the Ethiopian Civil War
Political parties established in 1976
Political parties in Ethiopia
Rebel groups in Ethiopia
Maurizio Del Poeta is a Distinguished Professor and American lipid, infectious diseases, and cancer researcher focusing on novel anti-fungal drug discovery and lipid-mediated fungal pathogenesis.
Early life
Maurizio Del Poeta was born in Macerata, Italy, of Italian parents, Celsa Foglia and Pierino Del Poeta. They conducted their early education at the Liceo Scientifico Galileo Galilei in Macerata and earned a Bachelor of Science in 1984. Following their undergraduate degree, Del Poeta was accepted into the School of Medicine at the University of Ancona, Italy, obtaining an MD with Honors in 1992. They then completed their internship and their residency in Infectious Diseases at the University of Ancona. In August 1995, Del Poeta left Italy to take up specialty training at Duke University with a fellowship in Infectious Disease as well as undergoing post-doctoral training in the Division of Infectious Diseases under Professor John Perfect in the area of fungal pathogenesis.
Discovery of sphingolipid-mediated fungal pathogenesis
While performing their training at Duke University, Del Poeta initiated a collaboration with Yusuf Hannun and Lina Obeid, both of whom were established experts in sphingolipid signaling. In 1998, Hannun moved to the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC) to be Chair of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and subsequently recruited Del Poeta as an Assistant Professor in their department in 1999. During these initial years at MUSC, Del Poeta made the pivotal discovery that fungal sphingolipids were essential for microbial pathogenesis, two concepts that were previously thought to be disparate. Successive work by their laboratory in this new field of study identified new anti-fungal targets for the research and development of new anti-fungal drugs. Notably, the linking of the sphingolipid glucosylceramide to fungal pathogenicity pioneered a new road for the testing of this molecule as an immunomodulator not only against infection but also against cancer. In 2003, while at MUSC, Del Poeta was elected a Burroughs Wellcome New Investigator in Pathogenesis of Infectious Diseases. Following this award, Del Poeta was later promoted to Associate Professor with tenure in 2006 and to full Professor with tenure in 2011.
Subsequent career
In 2012, Del Poeta was recruited by the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at Stony Brook University, to continue their research program on the study of lipids, metabolism, and imaging in Infectious Diseases with a focus on pathogenic fungal infections. Under their leadership, the infectious disease research and care at Stony Brook has expanded, including the establishment of a new lipidomics and metabolomics core facility to collect and analyze biological data at the University.
Soon after their arrival to Stony Brook University, Del Poeta engaged with the Center of Biotechnology and through their entrepreneurship-in-residency program, they co-founded MicroRid Technologies Inc. with John B. McCarthy and John Mallamo, a start-up company that has the primary goal to research and develop new classes of anti-fungal compounds. The research from this company helps to advance infectious disease research and rapidly translate basic research findings into new clinical tools and immunotherapies.
Research contributions, honors, and awards
In the field of bioactive sphingolipids, Del Poeta has contributed over 130 academic primary research and review articles, published several book chapters, and co-edited a book on sphingolipid signaling. In 2007, they were elected into the American Society for Clinical Investigation, and in 2016 into the Association of American Physicians. In 2020, Del Poeta was elected in the American Academy for Microbiology. In 2021, Del Poeta received the Distinguished Professorship by the SUNY system, which is a prestigious award that recognizes faculty who epitomize excellence in their profession, and in doing so, distinguish themselves and honor SUNY.
Personal life
While at Duke University, Del Poeta met their wife Chiara Luberto, a fellow scientist and biomedical researcher who also made seminal contributions to the sphingolipid field. Both Del Poeta and Dr. Luberto hold professorships at Stony Brook University, and they have two sons.
References
External links
The Del Poeta Web Page
1966 births
Living people
People from Macerata
Stony Brook University faculty
Marche Polytechnic University alumni
Cancer researchers
21st-century American physicians
Italian emigrants to the United States
Faye Njie (born 23 November 1993) is a Finnish-born Gambian judoka. They were born in Helsinki, Finland to a Finnish mother and a Gambian father, and has represented both countries.
Njie was the first ever Olympic judoka for the Gambia. They competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the men's 73 kg, where they were eliminated by Didar Khamza in the first round.
They competed in the men's 73 kg event at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
They competed in the 73kg Men's event at the 2022 Commonwealth Games, winning the country's first ever silver medal in the Games.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People with acquired Gambian citizenship
Gambian male judoka
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
African Games medalists in judo
African Games silver medalists for the Gambia
Olympic judoka of the Gambia
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Gambian people of Finnish descent
Sportspeople from Helsinki
Finnish male judoka
Finnish people of Gambian descent
European sportspeople of Gambian descent
Judoka at the 2020 Summer Olympics
This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of the County Palatine of Chester. Since 1689, all Lords Lieutenant have also been Custos Rotulorum of Cheshire.
Lord Lieutenants of Cheshire
Vice Lieutenants
Honourable Alan de Tatton Egerton, MP 11 January 1902
Sir George Dixon, Baronet 15 December 1920
Deputy Lieutenants
Thomas, Lord Newton 23 February 1901
Colonel Sir Edward Cotton-Jodrell, KCB 23 February 1901
References
External links
Lord Lieutenant of Cheshire
Cheshire
Local government in Cheshire
Lord-Lieutenants of Cheshire
Cornelius O'Mahony (1840 – 5 March 1879) was a Gaelic scholar, teacher, Fenian and staunch supporter of Irish independence. They were tried and convicted of conspiracy and sentenced to prison, only to be later transported to Australia.
Early life
O'Mahony was born about 1840 in Macroom, County Cork, Ireland but later moved to Dublin. They grew up in a time where starvation and disease were commonplace, particularly in the countryside, during the period commonly referred to as the Great Famine. Given their later pursuits it is fair to say they came from a family which either owned land or had the money with which to educate him.
The Fenian movement
By the time O'Mahony was 20 years old they had become a close follower of James Stephens and their fight to create a free and independent Ireland by removing the perceived tyranny of the British. To this extent they became a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood or IRB. Joseph Denieffe (1906) writes of them as "good and earnest Cornelius O'Mahony ...an unsophisticated but gifted school teacher". In 1862 O'Mahony was working as a schoolmaster in the 'training school' located in Marlborough Street, Dublin, and was useful in introducing like minded educated young men to the cause.
O'Mahony resigned from their post with the National Board of Education, and the National schools of Ireland, in 1863 to concentrate on their work with the IRB and its newspaper The Irish People. They remained on the paper's staff as assistant bookkeeper and part-time journalist until it was raided and closed down in 1865 when the British felt that an armed uprising was imminent. At that time they were arrested along with Charles Kickham, Thomas Clarke Luby, John O'Leary, Jeremiah O'Donovan and others. The charges laid at Kilmainham Gaol included, "Conspiring To Depose The Queen, To Compel Them Majesty To Change Them Measures And Counsels, To Move And Stir Foreigners To Invade Ireland" An abortive uprising known as the Fenian Rising took place in 1867 but was quickly put down.
Conviction and Transportation
For their participation in the rebellion O'Mahony was convicted at the Assizes in Dublin on 16 January 1866 following a retrial, as the first jury was dismissed by the judge. The defence implored the subsequent jury to show leniency in their case and they were eventually sentenced to five years penal servitude. Their sentence was subsequently commuted to transportation to a penal colony in Western Australia. In October, 1867, along with more than 60 other Fenians, including O'Donovan and Hugh Francis Brophy, they set sail on board the Hougoumont. This ship was to be the last to transport convicts to Australia. The voyage was a relatively peaceful one, monotony being one of the major concerns, and the ship docked at Fremantle on 9 January 1868.
Life in Australia
Within a year of their arrival in Australia, O'Mahony had been granted a Ticket of leave and on 18 May 1869 they received their Certificate of freedom as part of a general amnesty granted by the government led by William Ewart Gladstone. Following their freedom they were engaged as a teacher of senior grades at the Catholic Boys' School, Perth, later known as the 'Assisted' school. While carrying out their teaching duties they also held the position of Honorary Secretary of the Catholic Institute in Perth which was responsible for assisting local Catholic schools and their teachers.
In 1874 O'Mahony married Mary Butler and they went on to produce two children, O'Connell Daniel, 1875, and Honora Mary in 1877. Mary, born in Kilkenny, Ireland arrived in Western Australia in 1864 at age 15 and later worked in a number of important businesses including a draper's. Hundreds of locals, including members of government, attended their funeral in 1914 as they were a well known and well respected member of the local community.
Later years
Following the birth of their daughter Honora in 1877 O'Mahony left Western Australia to seek better conditions in Victoria. They left behind both the grim reminders of their convict past and their young family. On arriving in Melbourne they chose to settle in the suburb of West Melbourne which had a large Irish population. With their prior experience they were asked to take up the position of head teacher at St Mary's Primary School, West Melbourne. In 1878 they were made an honorary member of the Melbourne branch of the St Patrick's Society which was dedicated to supporting local Irish Catholics, promoting Irish culture and independence for Ireland.
O'Mahony worked at the school for less than two years before they were taken ill., dying shortly after of typhoid fever on 5 March 1879. A contemporary newspaper report indicated that the death rate from typhoid in the suburb was extremely high for that period and that that figure exceeded the worst statistic for equivalent towns in Great Britain during times of epidemic.
Following their death O'Mahony's funeral took place at St Mary Star of the Sea, West Melbourne and then in procession moved to their burial at the Melbourne General Cemetery. Hundreds of people, including school children, took part, many wearing green scarves. As a sign of respect and in recognition of their life and work their friends within the Irish community, assisted by Morgan Jageurs, collected funds to construct and erect a fitting memorial for him. One such method was to raffle their personal library at the cost of one shilling per ticket. Shortly after their burial a carved Celtic cross made of local Bluestone was raised over the grave, its plaque bearing the inscription, "In Memory of Cornelius O'Mahony, Macroom, County Cork, Ireland, Released Political Prisoner, Died 5th March, 1879. R.I.P."
References
External links
History of the Training School in Marlborough Street, Dublin http://centralmodelseniorschool.ie/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/150-Years-of-Tradition-in-Marlborough-Street1.pdf
People of the Fenian raids
1840 births
1879 deaths
19th-century Irish people
Burials at Melbourne General Cemetery
Members of the Irish Republican Brotherhood
People from Macroom
Irish emigrants to colonial Australia
Deaths from typhoid fever
The 2017–18 Mladost Lučani season is the football club's 4th straight season in Serbian SuperLiga.
Squad
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
References
External links
Official website
FK Mladost Lučani seasons
Mladost Lučani
Maximum Conviction is a 2012 action thriller starring Steven Seagal and Steve Austin and directed by Keoni Waxman.
Plot
It should be an easy day's work for former black ops operative Cross (Steven Seagal) and their partner Manning (Stone Cold Steve Austin). They and their group have been hired to oversee and orchestrate the decommissioning of a secret military penal facility, and organize the transport of the inmates to their new civilian prison.
Cross shows who's boss early on by beating up a large inmate who steps out of line, while Manning is given the task of running the prison's garbage facility. The day gets worse when a rolled up note is found that was accidentally dropped by an inmate, detailing times and locations for an attack on the facility.
Cross, on their way back to the prison from running an errand, and Manning, still dealing with that garbage facility, are suddenly involved in a foothold situation as Chris Blake (Michael Pare) and their mercenaries, posing as marshals, take over the complex.
Blake and their men are after the two newest inmates—Samantha Mendez (Steph Song) and Charlotte Walker (Aliyah O'Brien)—for their own purposes—Blake wants the information that's in an implant that's inside of Samantha, who is a CIA courier, because it could lead to a lot of money for Blake, and it turns out that Charlotte is working for Blake. It's up to Cross, Manning, and their team to stop Blake and their men.
MP Fields turns out to be a traitor and kills two of the others. Blake cuts off Warden Samuel's finger to force them to know where the detainees are. Manning is attacked Collins and their team. They manage to kill two and flee the area. Cross returns to the complex and kills two of Blake's men. Blake holds Warden Samuels hostage, forcing them to do anything so Blake can reach Charlotte. Later on Charlotte escapes as they want to get paid. Eventually both sides meet up. Blake thinks they have Cross and Manning outgunned and then flees the scene, with Cross pursuing him. Manning catches up with Collins and kills them by impaling them on a bench. Samantha kills Charlotte, while the remnants of Blake's mercenaries including MP Fields are killed by Bradley and the others. Cross and Blake exchange gunshots till both run out of ammo. Blake attempts to strike Cross only to be thrashed around and badly injured. Cross talks to them about being a warrior in which Blake replies 'well that's me im the f***ing bad guy'. Cross says he's the good guy then hurls Blake into the laser trip wires, killing him. They reunite with Samantha and Manning. They joke that 'in ain't over till we're dead'.
Cast
Steven Seagal – Cross - Tactical Genius
Steve Austin – Manning - Weapons Expert
Michael Paré – Chris Blake - Antagonist and leader of Mercenaries
Steph Song – Samantha - Detainee who worked for CIA
Michael Adamthwaite – Collins - Blake's Henchman
Dean Redman – Jones
Bren Foster - Bradley
Zak Santiago - Blake's henchman and former head of Security
Ian Robison - The Prison Warden
References
External links
2012 films
2012 direct-to-video films
2012 action thriller films
American action thriller films
Direct-to-video action films
Voltage Pictures films
Films directed by Keoni Waxman
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Aaron Matthew Westbrooks (born 25 November 1986) is an Irish former professional basketball player. They played for the Irish Under 20 national team, and the senior national team.
Early career
Born and raised in Dublin, Ireland, Westbrooks attended St. Fintan's High School where they were part of the All-Ireland Championship team. Their father, Jerome, coached Killester of the Irish Superleague during the 2004–05 season. As a 17-year-old, Westbrooks was entrusted by their father to fill the void left by a departing player. In 19 games for Killester in 2004–05, they averaged 7.1 points, 3.6 rebounds, 1.8 assists and 2.0 steals per game.
College career
In 2005, Westbrooks moved to the United States and enrolled at Trinity College. They subsequently joined the Bantams men's basketball team for their first-year student season in 2005–06. They went on to help the Bantams win the 2008 NESCAC championship while garnering NESCAC Defensive Player of the Year honours for the season. In their four-year career at Trinity, they played 102 games (100 starts) and averaged 6.0 points, 3.5 rebounds and 1.8 assists per game.
Professional career
After graduating from Trinity College in 2009, Westbrooks signed with the Leicester Riders of the British Basketball League for the 2009–10 season. In their lone professional season, they played 37 games and averaged 3.7 points and 1.8 rebounds per game.
Westbrooks was set to re-join Killester for the 2010–11 season, but ultimately did not.
Personal life
Westbrooks is the son of Jerome and Lois Westbrooks, and has four siblings: Michael, Isaac, Leah and Eric. Michael and Isaac both played alongside Westbrooks with the Irish national team during the 2009 European qualifiers. All three of their brothers also had stints playing for Killester, while their sister played college basketball for Mount St. Mary's University in Maryland.
Westbrooks is the Founder and Camp Director of Euro Star Basketball Camp.
References
External links
Eurobasket.com profile
FIBA Europe profile
1986 births
Living people
Irish men's basketball players
Leicester Riders players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Dublin (city)
Trinity Bantams men's basketball players
Bronza M. "Bronzie" Parks (died May 13, 1958) was an American boatbuilder from Wingate, Maryland. Parks was the last builder of Chesapeake Bay skipjack sailing vessels.
Personal life
Parks was married to Katie Lewis with whom they had five daughters: Irene, Joyce, Lucille, Martha, and Mary. At the time of their death in 1958, Parks was a candidate for Dorchester County commissioner and president of the Lakes-Straits Fire Department.
Boatbuilding
Parks began building boats at the age of 16 and completed more than 400 vessels during their career. They built their first skipjack, the Wilma Lee, in 1940. The last three skipjacks that Parks completed were the Rosie Parks and the Martha Lewis in 1955 and the Lady Katie in 1956.
Death
In 1958, Parks was working on an skipjack-style sailboat for Willis C. Rowe of Silver Spring, Maryland. During a confrontation with Parks on May 13, 1958, regarding the cost of the project Rowe shot the boatbuilder three times killing him. Rowe was eventually convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
References
1958 deaths
American boat builders
Year of birth missing
Deaths by firearm in Maryland
People from Dorchester County, Maryland
People murdered in Maryland
Skipjacks
American murder victims
1958 murders in the United States
Richard Socarides is head of global corporate communications and government affairs for Gerson Lehrman Group (GLG). Previously, they led communications at New Line Cinema and has held other senior media jobs at Time Warner, AOL and in government and politics.  They are also an American Democratic political strategist, writer for The New Yorker, TV commentator and a New York attorney. They were a White House adviser under United States President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1999 in a variety of senior positions, including as Special Assistant to the President and Senior Adviser for Public Liaison. They worked on legal, policy and political issues and served as principal adviser to Clinton on gay and lesbian civil rights issues. Under Clinton, they were chief operating officer of the 50th Anniversary Summit of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). Socarides also worked as special assistant to Senator Tom Harkin (D-Iowa).
Socarides has written extensively on political and legal topics in their regular column in The New Yorker, as well as for The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, and Politico.  They are a frequent commentator on television.
Socarides is a Trustee of the State University of New York (SUNY), appointed by Governor Andrew Cuomo and of Antioch College, which they attended.
Socarides, who is openly gay, was the founding president of Equality Matters in 2011.  They are the son of Charles Socarides (1922–2005), a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst who was an outspoken critic of the American Psychiatric Association's 1973 decision to remove homosexuality from its list of mental disorders. In 1992 the elder Socarides co-founded NARTH, in response to the American Psychoanalytic Association's 1992 decision to change its position on homosexuality.
Biography
Socarides held senior positions in the media and entertainment sector and in government and law – as a media relations and communications executive, as a presidential adviser at the White House and as a partner in a New York City law firm.
Legal career
From 1984 to 1990, Socarides was an associate, then a partner, at the New York law firm of Squadron, Ellenoff, Plesent & Sheinfeld. They graduated from Hofstra University School of Law and Antioch College. Socarides has served on a wide variety of non-profit boards, including those of organizations devoted to civil rights, historic preservation and urban renewal, music and philanthropy.
Socarides served as Of Counsel to the New York law firm of Brady Klein & Weissman, from 2009 to 2013.
Political career
Socarides served on national political campaigns, as deputy director for Public Liaison for Clinton/Gore '96 and as Political Director and Senior Advisor for U.S. Senator Tom Harkin in 1991–92. They also served on Tom Harkin's U.S. Senate staff.
From 1993 to 1999, Socarides worked as a White House advisor in a variety of senior positions. They served as Special Assistant to the President and Senior Advisor for Public Liaison and also as chief operating officer of the 50th Anniversary Summit of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). They coordinated communications and event strategy, policy and community outreach relating to key initiatives and represented the President and articulated administration policy in public appearances.
Corporate career
In 2000, Socarides was Senior Vice President at Robinson Lerer & Montgomery Strategic Communications, a New York consulting firm. They provided media relations, branding, marketing, public policy and crisis management advice to domestic and international Fortune 100 companies, principally in the media and entertainment sectors, including American Online, NBC and Bertelsmann, among others.
Socarides served as vice president for Corporate Relations at AOL Time Warner (now Time Warner), where they were a senior member of the executive team responsible for planning and positioning the company's corporate social responsibility strategy and its community outreach program. They also managed media relations and internal communications in support of these initiatives. During this same period, Socarides also served as Vice President of the AOL Time Warner Foundation, the philanthropic arm of the company, in which capacity they were responsible for building a brand franchise around the company's philanthropic initiatives and helping to oversee an annual budget of $20 million in corporate giving.
As Senior Vice President at New Line Cinema and as head of its corporate communications department, Socarides was responsible for managing corporate press and media relations, as well as communications strategy and reputation management for the company and its senior executives. They were a member of the team that developed the Academy Award campaign for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. It won 11 Oscars, tying the record for most ever, including Best Picture.
Socarides was named Head of Public Affairs for Gerson Lehrman Group in August 2013.
Media portrayal
A portion of Socarides's time in the Clinton administration was portrayed by their (much) younger brother, Charles Socarides Jr., in the 2017 American Broadcasting Company docudrama miniseries When We Rise.
Articles and opinion pieces
Where's Our 'Fierce Advocate'? The Washington Post, May 2, 2009.
Ask Obama About Don't Ask, Don't Tell: Gay voters are growing impatient for equality. The Wall Street Journal, January 24, 2010.
Obama Is Missing in Action on Gay Rights: Ted Olson is on the right side of history. When will the president step up? The Wall Street Journal, June 25, 2010.
A way forward on gay marriage. Politico.com, August 18, 2010.
The Choice to Defend DOMA, and Its Consequences. AmericaBlog.com, June 14, 2009.
A Summer for Gay Rights. HuffingtonPost.com, June 18, 2010.
""Exactly Why We Have Courts, Why We Have the Constitution and Why We Have the 14th Amendment". HuffingtonPost.com, January 11, 2010.
Why Equality Matters. Equality Matters, December 19, 2010.
Book chapters
References
Sources
Bull, Chris (July 11, 1999), "His Public Domain, Their Private Pain," Washington Post Magazine, pp. 18 et seq.
External links
Equality Matters official website
1954 births
Antioch College alumni
Maurice A. Deane School of Law alumni
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
LGBT rights activists from the United States
New York (state) lawyers
American political consultants
Clinton administration personnel
American media critics
American political writers
American male non-fiction writers
American gay writers
Trustees of the State University of New York
Microseris douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Douglas' silverpuffs. It is native to western North America from Oregon and California to Baja California. It grows in several types of habitat, including grassland and vernal pools, and on soils containing clay and serpentine.
Description
Microseris douglasii is plant is variable in appearance. In general it is an annual herb growing 5 centimeters to over half a meter tall from a basal rosette of leaves; there is usually no true stem. Each leaf is up to 25 centimeters long and has edges which are smooth, toothed, or divided into many lobes.
The inflorescence is borne on an erect or curving peduncle arising from ground level. The flower head contains up to 200 white or yellow ray florets. The fruit is an achene with a brown to nearly black, sometimes speckled body up to a centimeter long. At the tip of the body is a large pappus made up of about five long, bristly, barbed scales.
See also
Microseris heterocarpa, thought to be a hybrid of this species
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment — Microseris douglasii
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Microseris douglasii — Photo gallery
douglasii
Flora of California
Flora of Baja California
Flora of Oregon
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Central Valley (California)
Natural history of the Channel Islands of California
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Santa Monica Mountains
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Haley McCormick (born October 7, 1985) is an American film and television actor.
Filmography
2010 – Slow Moe
2005 – Urban Legends: Bloody Mary
2004 – Halloweentown High
2002 – Everwood
2001 – Little Secrets
2001 – The Poof Point
2000 – Beyond the Prairie: The True Story of Laura Ingalls Wilder
1999 – A Dog's Tale
1998 – No More Baths
1996 – In the Blink of an Eye
External links
1985 births
Living people
Actresses from Salt Lake City
American child actores
American television actores
American film actores
21st-century American women
Potato Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Boonville in Oneida County, southeast of Boonville.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Monodontides is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm and the bordering Palearctic realm.
Species
Subgenus Buakraengius Eliot and Kawazoé, 1983
Monodontides cara (de Nicéville, 1898)
Subgenus Monodontides Toxopeus, 1927
Monodontides apona (Fruhstorfer, 1910)
Monodontides argioloides (Rothschild, 1915)
Monodontides chapmani Cassidy, 2003
Monodontides hondai Eliot and Kawazoé, 1983
Monodontides kolari (Ribbe, 1926)
Monodontides luzonensis Eliot and Kawazoé, 1983
Monodontides musina (Snellen, 1892)
Monodontides ternatensis Eliot and Kawazoé, 1983
References
Further reading
D'Abrera, B., 1978. Butterflies of the Australian Region, edn 2. 415 pp. Melbourne.
Eliot, J. N. and Kawazoe, A., 1983. Blue butterflies of the Lycaenopsis group: 1-309, 6 pls. London
Toxopeus, 1927b-1928: Eine Revision der javanischen, zu Lycaenopsis und verwandten Genera gehörigen Arten. Tijdschrift voor Entomologie 70: 232-302, 1pl., 27 figs; Tijdschrift voor Entomologie 71: 179-265, 1 pl., 29 figs.
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus
Mark Readings is an Australian sports journalist and commentator.  They are formerly a reporter for Seven News and Nine News and also commentates Australian rules football matches on 6PR.
Readings began their career at radio station 6PM in 1988 before joining the Nine Network as a sports reporter, they also commentated on sporting events including domestic cricket, AFL Football and Olympic Games for Nine. From 2010 to 2013, Readings the main weeknight sports presenter replacing Michael Thomson who replace Readings following their departure. In 2014, Readings joined the Seven Network as host of ‘The Footy Fix' program and in 2015, the main commentator of its WAFL coverage and filled in occasionally as an AFL commentator during Seven's coverage. They also are sports reporter on Today Tonight and was a filled in as sports presenter on Seven News, in 2020 Readings announced their departure from Seven full time and became a freelancer.
In addition to their work on television, they are also a AFL commentator on 6PR also fills in on its Sportsday program with Karl Langdon.
In 2003, Readings received a Logie Award for their coverage of the Bail Bombings on the Nine Network. Readings who was on holidays in Bali when the bombings occurred, reported on the tragedy for Nine News in the days that followed.
They have a wife and twin daughters.
References
Australian television presenters
Australian television journalists
Australian rules football commentators
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hugyag is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Titus Chung Khiam Boon (Chinese: 章剑文) is the 10th Bishop of Singapore.  They are a systematic theologian who serves at St. Andrew's Cathedral, Singapore. They were ordained in 1997 in the Diocese of Singapore after graduating from Trinity Theological College.
Education
Chung studied at Trinity Theological College; and then University of Edinburgh. They received a Doctorate in Philosophy from the latter and their doctorate dissertation was on the Scottish theologian, Thomas F. Torrance's theory of divine revelation.
Priesthood
Prior to Chung's ordination in 1997, they graduated from Trinity Theological College, Singapore. Thereafter, they became a priest and later, Vicar of the Chapel of the Holy Spirit from 1997 to 2005, before being Priest-in-charge of St Andrew's Cathedral's Mandarin congregation.
On 18 October 2020, Chung was installed as the 10th Bishop of Singapore.
References
Anglican bishops of Singapore
Singaporean Anglicans
Singaporean bishops
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The Briggs Tavern is a historic building at 2 Anawan Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts. Built about 1780 and now used as a private residence, it is the town's only surviving 18th-century commercial building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Description and history
The former Briggs Tavern building stands in a rural area of northern Rehoboth, at the southwest corner of Anawan and Tremont Streets. These roads are both historically old transportation routes, with Anawan and the western heading of Tremont designated Massachusetts Route 118. The tavern is a -story wood-frame structure, with a side gable roof, two interior chimneys, and a clapboarded exterior. The main facade is five bays wide, with sash windows in most bays, and a center entrance flanked by pilasters and topped by a rectangular transom with half-round tracery and a corniced entablature above. A two-story ell extends to the left, with a single-story hip-roof addition in front of it.
The tavern was built about 1780, in what was known at the time as Stevens Corner. Its interior retains a number of important period features, including paneled fireplace surrounds, chair rails and wainscoting, and splayed window lintels; the latter is a particularly rare feature in early Rehoboth architecture. The ell was added to the left side in the 19th century. The tavern was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Commercial buildings completed in 1780
Drinking establishments on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Rehoboth, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
1780 establishments in Massachusetts
Spirit Song is an album by pianist Kenny Barron recorded in New York in 1999 and released on the Verve label.
Reception
In the review on AllMusic, Michael G. Nastos noted that "Barron has amassed a formidable number of high-quality recordings, but this ranks right up there near the top". In JazzTimes, Josef Woodard wrote: "The sum effect is a varietal garden of sounds and ideas, within the framework of Barron's post-mainstream jazz sensibility".
Track listing
All compositions by Kenny Barron except where noted.
"The Pelican" – 4:12
"Spirit Song" – 5:42
"Um Beijo" – 7:31
"Passion Flower" (Billy Strayhorn) – 9:54
"Passion Dance" (McCoy Tyner) – 6:12
"Sonja Braga" – 6:25
"The Question Is" – 5:21
"The Wizard" – 7:59
"Cook's Bay" – 7:05
"And Then Again" – 4:35
Personnel
Kenny Barron – piano
Eddie Henderson – trumpet (tracks 1–4 & 6–9)
David Sánchez – tenor saxophone (tracks 1–9)
Regina Carter – violin (tracks 3 & 4)
Russell Malone – guitar (tracks 2, 8 & 10)
Rufus Reid – bass (tracks 1–4 & 6–9)
Billy Hart – drums (tracks 1–4 & 6–9)
Michael Wall Grigsby – percussion (track 2)
References
Kenny Barron albums
2000 albums
Verve Records albums
Ziemetshausen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Mayors
Anton Birle (CSU) is the mayor, they were elected in 2002.  They are the successor of Anton Weber (Unabhängige Wählergemeinschaft). Birle was reelected in 2008 and 2014.
References
External links
Official site
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Social Democratic Hungarian Civic Party (, shortened form Soc Dems) was a Hungarian social-democratic political party, formed on 26 May 2013, and led by Andor Schmuck. This party claimed to be the legal successor to the Hungarian Social Democratic Party (MSZDP).
History
The party was founded as the Hungarian Social Democrats' Party ().
References
2013 establishments in Hungary
2015 disestablishments in Hungary
Political parties established in 2013
Political parties disestablished in 2015
Social democratic parties in Hungary
Defunct political parties in Hungary
Social Democratic Party of Hungary
Ronald Leslie Doyle Boswell (born 9 December 1940) is an Australian former politician. They represented the Nationals in the Australian Senate for Queensland from 1983 to 2014 and led the party in the Senate from 1990 to 2007. They became Father of the Senate in 2008.
Early life
Boswell was born in Perth, Western Australia and was educated at St Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace, Brisbane, Queensland.
Career
They were the leader of the National Party in the Senate from 10 April 1990 to 3 December 2007 and held many positions in the Coalition shadow ministry including Shadow Minister for Regional Development and External Territories (from September 1988 to April 1990), Shadow Minister for Northern Australia and External Territories (April 1993 to May 1994) and Shadow Minister for Consumer Affairs (May 1994 to December 1994). Boswell was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Transport and Regional Services in July 1999 but left the position in October 2003. After they were succeeded as leader of the Nationals in the Senate by Nigel Scullion following the 2007 election, Boswell became Scullion's deputy. They were succeeded in that position by Fiona Nash in 2008.
In 2011, Boswell was a critic of the then Australian Government's carbon emissions trading scheme. They called for the scheme to be abandoned. On 17 September 2012, during a Senate debate on a proposed marriage inequality bill, Boswell spoke out against same-sex marriage in Australia stating: "Two mothers or two fathers can't raise a child properly. Who takes the boy to football? Who tells them what's right from wrong? What do they do? Go along with mum, or two mums? How do they go camping or fishing? It won't work, it's defying nature!" At the same time they remained an outspoken opponent of fringe conservative movements such as the Australian League of Rights and One Nation.
Boswell announced on 21 September 2012 that they did not intend to seek re-election in 2013 and would retire when their Senate term expired in 2014.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Liberal National Party of Queensland members of the Parliament of Australia
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian Senate
Members of the Australian Senate for Queensland
People from Perth, Western Australia
Delegates to the Australian Constitutional Convention 1998
20th-century Australian politicians
People educated at St Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace
21st-century Australian politicians
Officers of the Order of Australia
Oakland Coffee Works is a coffee company founded in 2015 by Billie Joe Armstrong, Tre Cool and Mike Dirnt of the rock band Green Day. The company aims to set a standard for compostability in coffee packaging. It is based in Oakland, California, United States.
In December 2015, the Financial Times named Oakland Coffee as the world's first US-based coffee company to exclusively sell fully compostable 12 oz. coffee bags and single-serve coffee cups. All of Oakland Coffee's bags, single-serve cups, and mother bags are Certified Compostable for municipal composting facilities by the Biodegradable Products Institute. Oakland Coffee only sells coffees that are organically grown, handpicked, and fairly traded. The beans are from small organic farms primarily in high altitude regions of Central and South America.
In the summer of 2020, Oakland Coffee launched a monthly subscription service, called The Oakland Coffee Club. Their service allows customers to receive coffee every month on an automatic shipping schedule. In late October/early November 2020, Oakland Coffee partnered with World Central Kitchen and the Chefs To The Polls Initiative to provide free coffee to poll workers and people waiting in line to vote leading up to and on Election Day.
Oakland Coffee announced their first Annual Holiday Bundle Series in November 2020. The collection includes a special edition pressing of Billie Joe Armstrong's No Fun Mondays 7" vinyl record, with "I Think We're Alone Now" and "War Stories". Every vinyl purchase provides five meals to families in need via the Alameda County Community Food Bank.
In October 2021, Oakland Coffee Works announced the release of a limited-edition seven-inch vinyl pressing with two tracks from Green Day's 1994 BBC Radio 1 “Evening Session” performance. The never-before-released vinyl features recordings of “Basket Case” and “When I Come Around” on a purple vinyl chosen by Green Day drummer Tre Cool.
References
External links
Coffee companies of the United States
Companies based in Oakland, California
American companies established in 2015
Food and drink companies established in 2015
Li Siqi (; born 30 August 1997) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder or defender for Yanbian Longding.
Club career
Li Siqi would play for the Beijing Guoan youth team before being promoted to the senior team within the 2018 Chinese Super League season. The following season they would go abroad to join Serbian second tier football club Smederevo where they would make their professional debut on 9 November 2019 in a league game against Bačka in a 1-0 defeat.
Career statistics
References
External links
Li Siqi at Worldfootball.net
1997 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Beijing Guoan F.C. players
FK Smederevo players
FK Inđija players
Chinese Super League players
Serbian First League players
China League Two players
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Plenty is the third album from Red Box, and was released on 11 October 2010.
The Plenty Sessions
The album was also released as a "Limited Edition" which included an exclusive six track bonuses CD. Subsequently, these tracks were made available as digital downloads under the name The Plenty Sessions.
Sales performance
Plenty was Cherry Red Records' best selling album for the months October to December 2010.
Audio previews
Four tracks from the album can be previewed in their entirety on the SoundCloud: Red Box - Plenty samples page.
Track listing
Cherry Red Records CD: CDBRED470
Cherry Red Records Bonus CD: CDXRED471 - "The Plenty Sessions"
Personnel
Musicians
"Stay"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal and acoustic guitar
Derek Adams - Acoustic guitar
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal and harmonica
Simon Cole - Piano
Munch - Organ
Alastair Gavin - String arrangement
"Hurricane"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal and acoustic guitar
Derek Adams - Electric guitar and drums
Paul Bond - Electric guitar
Ty Unwin - Keyboards
Lloyd Green - Bass guitar
"Without"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal, acoustic and electric guitars
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal and bass guitar
Derek Adams - Drums and electric guitar
Emily Maguire - Backwards viola and cello
Simon Cole - Organ
Alastair Gavin - Additional organ
"Plenty"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal and acoustic guitar
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal, bass guitar and melodica
Alastair Gavin - Organ
Simon Cole - Drums
Derek Adams - Backing vocal and percussion
Paul Bond - Backing vocal
"The Sign"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal, acoustic, electric and bass guitars
Derek Adams - Acoustic guitar, drums and backing vocal
Paul Bond - Electric guitar and backing vocal
Ty Unwin - Keyboards and strings
Emily Maguire, Lorna Gallagher and Julia Hobsbawn - Box Vox
Simon Toulson-Clarke and Alastair Gavin - String arrangement
"Brighter Blue"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal and acoustic guitar
Derek Adams - Mandolin, drums and percussion
Emily Maguire - Viola and harmony vocal
Jonathan Isley - Acoustic guitar
Frey Smith - Double bass
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal
"I've Been Thinking of You"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal, acoustic and bass guitars
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal, acoustic guitar and harmonica
Simon Cole - Piano
Derek Adams - Drums
Emily Maguire - Cello
"Don't Let Go"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal, acoustic and electric guitars
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal and bass guitar
Derek Adams - Drums
Simon Cole - Piano
Paul Bond - Electric guitar
Ty Unwin - Keyboards
Alastair Gavin - Additional string arrangement
"Say What's in Your Head"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal, acoustic guitar and orchestration
Derek Adams - Banjo, electric piano and drums
Paul Bond - Bass
Sid Ek - Percussion
"It's True"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal and acoustic guitar
Derek Adams - Electric piano and percussion
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal and electric guitar
John Prestage - Trumpet
"Sacred Wall"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal
Derek Adams - Electric guitar
Simon Cole - Piano
Emily Maguire - Viola
Steve Carr - Harmonica
Alastair Gavin - String arrangement
"Let It Rain"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal, acoustic and electric guitars
Derek Adams - Electric guitar and drums
Paul Bond - Bass and electric guitar
Ty Unwin - Keyboards
John Prestage - Trumpet
Mick Hutchins - additional electric guitar
"Green"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal and acoustic guitar
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal and bass guitar
Simon Cole - Piano
Jonathan Isley - Acoustic guitar and drums
Emily Maguire - Viola and cello
Derek Adams - Percussion
"Never Let It Be Said"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal, acoustic guitar and strings
Derek Adams - Bass, banjo and strings
Ty Unwin - Piano and strings
Paul Bond - Electric guitar
Buffy Sainte-Marie - Vocal sample
"Once I Dreamed"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal and acoustic guitar
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal and bass guitar
Derek Adams - Acoustic guitar and drums
Simon Cole - Piano
Emily Maguire - Viola and cello
"Take My Hand for a While"
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Lead vocal and acoustic guitar
Steve Carr - Harmony vocal
Sid Ek - Piano
Frey Smith - Acoustic bass
Alastair Gavin - String arrangement
Production
Simon Toulson-Clarke - Producer
Matt Butler and Simon Toulson-Clarke - Mixing
Simon Toulson-Clarke and Matt Butler - Engineering
Phill Brown and Will Bartle - Additional engineering
Dick Beetham - Mastering
Alastair Gavin - String arrangement and conductor
Alexander Balanesco - Orchestra leader
Recorded at Olive Road, Yellow Shark and Chapel Studios
Mixed at Yellow Shark
Mastered at 360 Mastering
References
External links
Audio previews from Plenty
3. "Without"
5. "The Sign"
6. "Brighter Blue"
14. "Never Let It Be Said"
Music video from Plenty
Music video from The Plenty Sessions
2010 albums
Red Box (band) albums
Francesca da Rimini is an 1831 opera by Saverio Mercadante to a libretto by Felice Romani based on Silvio Pellico's play which had already been set twice and ultimately was set by fifteen composers. It was to be premiered in Madrid in 1831, but the premiere was cancelled and the opera lost. It was rediscovered and performed in July 2016 at the Palazzo Ducale, Martina Franca for the Festival della Valle d'Itria, Italy.
Recording
Francesca da Rimini Fabio Luisi, Dynamic DVD 2017
References
Operas by Saverio Mercadante
Italian-language operas
1831 operas
Operas
Works based on Inferno (Dante)
Operas based on plays
Operas set in the 13th century
Operas set in Italy
Operas based on real people
Cultural depictions of Francesca da Rimini
Operas based on works by Dante Alighieri
The 1968 Bromley Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
"I'm Gonna Do All I Can (To Do Right By My Man)" is a song written by Wayne Carson. It was released by R&B duo Ike & Tina Turner on Minit Records in 1969.
Recording and release
"I'm Gonna Do All I Can (To Do Right By My Man)" was recorded in January 1969 and released as a non-album track on Minit Records in March 1969. It was released on Minit's parent label, Liberty Records, in the Netherlands. Ike & Tina Turner promoted the song with the Ikettes on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour in April 1969. The single peaked at No. 98 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 46 on the R&B chart. It reached No. 27 on the Cash Box R&B chart.
The B-side "You've Got Too Many Ties That Bind " was reissued on the album Airwaves in 1978.
"I'm Gonna Do All I Can (To Do Right By My Man)" was reissued on the 3-CD compilation album The Ike & Tina Turner Story: 1960–1975, released by Time Life in 2007.
Critical reception
Billboard chose the single as a spotlight feature predicted to reach the R&B chart.
Cash Box (March 15, 1969): "Heavy ballad outing with outstanding material and a very strong belting vocal make the newest Ike & Tina Turner set a winning turntable sound that could come to life saleswise.
Track listing
Chart performance
References
1969 songs
1969 singles
Ike & Tina Turner songs
Minit Records singles
Song recordings produced by Ike Turner
1960s ballads
Rhythm and blues ballads
Liberty Records singles
Songs written by Wayne Carson
Cavendish is a Canadian television sitcom, premiering on CBC Television in January 2019. Created by Mark Little and Andrew Bush, formerly of the sketch comedy troupe Picnicface, the series stars Little and Bush as Mark and Andy, brothers returning to their childhood home in Cavendish, Prince Edward Island for the first time since their parents' divorce, only to find that life in the town is much stranger and more surreal than they remember.
The cast also includes Kevin Eldon and Kathy Greenwood. The sitcom was filmed in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island
Episodes
References
External links
2010s Canadian sitcoms
CBC Television original programming
2019 Canadian television series debuts
2019 Canadian television series endings
Television series by Temple Street Productions
Culture of Charlottetown
Television shows set in Prince Edward Island
Television shows filmed in Prince Edward Island
Television shows filmed in Nova Scotia
Julián David Magallanes (born 20 March 1986) is an Argentine footballer who played professionally for a number of clubs in the Italian leagues.
Biography
Born in Arequito, Caseros, Santa Fe Province, Magallanes started their professional career at the province capital, for Tiro Federal. They made their Argentine Primera División debut on 29 April 2006, against Racing de Avellaneda. That match Tiro Federal lost to Racing 0–2 and Magallanes was substituted by Jorge Sebastián Sáez. The team relegated after the 2006 Clausura season. Magallanes then joined Torneo Argentino B (4th level) side Gimnasia y Tiro.
In summer 2007, they moved to Italian Serie D side Sangiustese due to lack of European Union citizenship. Magallanes won the league champion in Group F and followed the team promoted to Seconda Divisione. Magallanes also got professional status and eligible to sign by any Italian professional clubs without using the non-EU registration quota from abroad and from amateur (which Serie B and Lega Pro clubs had no quota). Magallanes played 17 matches in the 2nd division and was signed by Serie B side Vicenza in the mid-season for €110,000. They were awarded no.33 shirt, the same number at Tiro Federal. Magallanes made their Serie B debut on 13 February 2009, started the match against Bari. The match ended in 1–1 draw and Magallanes was replaced by Matteo Serafini in the 83rd minute. At the start of season, they were awarded no.20 shirt but on 5 August 209 loaned to Taranto along with Simone Calori. Their shirt was taken by Gianluca Litteri.
At Taranto, they just played 3 Prima Divisione matches and on 1 February 2010 left for Serie B side Cittadella on loan with option to purchase, where they quickly entered the starting XI and played both legs of promotion playoffs first round/semi–final against Brescia. (Brescia 1–1 draw with Cittadella in aggregate and won due to higher league position, and eventually promoted after winning the final)
On 25 June 2010, Cittadella decided to sign them outright for €130,000. (but in terms of the registration rights of Diego Oliveira, valued for €130,000)
On 12 July 2012 they were signed by U.S. Cremonese.
Honours
Serie D: 2008
References
External links
Profile at Soccernet
Profile at Football.it
Profile at La Gazzetta dello Sport (2009–10)
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Serie B players
L.R. Vicenza players
Taranto F.C. 1927 players
A.S. Cittadella players
U.S. Cremonese players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
People from Caseros Department
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
A.C. Sangiustese players
Elmer Ray Noble, (16 January 1909 – 8 March 2001) was professor of zoology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and an internationally recognized protozoologist and parasitologist.
Noble was born in Pyongyang, Korea, to American Methodist missionary parents, William Arthur Noble and Mattie Wilcox Noble. They lived with their family in Korea until 1927, when they and their identical twin brother, Glenn Arthur Noble, moved to the United States to attend the University of California, Berkeley, where they earned a B.A. in zoology, an M.A. in zoology, and a Ph.D. in protozoology and parasitology.
Noble joined the UC Santa Barbara faculty in 1936, where they worked for 38 years before retiring in 1974.
At UC Santa Barbara, they are, in turn; Chairman of the Department of Biological Sciences, Dean of Liberal Arts, Acting Provost, Acting Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, and Vice Chancellor for Graduate Affairs.
They held administrative offices in the following professional societies:
President, Society of Southern California Parasitologists
Vice-President, American Microscopical Society
President, Society of Protozoologists
President, American Society of Parasitologists
In 1971, Noble and their twin co-authored: PARASITOLOGY. The Biology of Animal Parasites. Elmer R. Noble and Glenn A. Noble. Lea & Febiger, Philadelphia.
In 1978, the former Biological Sciences Building at Santa Barbara was renamed Elmer Ray Noble Hall in their honor.
In addition to their teaching and research, they are remembered for the first description of the pathogenic myxosporean, Ceratomyxa shasta. Their contributions to this field have also been recognized with the patronymy of two species of myxozoan, Myxidium noblei Zubchenko & Krasin, 1980 and Myxobolus noblei (Sarkar, 1982).
According to both the International Plant Names Index and the Harvard Herbarium, Noble was also a botanist.
References
1909 births
2001 deaths
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
American parasitologists
American botanists
Identical twins
Twin people from the United States
Maelcairearda (died 993) was King of Uí Briúin Seóla.
Biography
There is uncertainty over the succession between Murchad mac Flann mac Glethneachan and Brian. A Maelcairearda King of Uí Briúin, is recorded in the annals as dying in 993 but this may refer to Uí Briúin proper, or indeed its offshoots. (Early kings of Uí Briúin Seóla were often described as kings of all Uí Briúin as well.) Ruaidhri mac Coscraigh of the Clann Cosgraigh appears in the Annals of Tighernach and Inisfallen sub anno 992 as king of Uí Briúin and South Connacht, when they are killed fighting the Corcu Modruad and Uí Fiachrach Aidhne, suggesting Ruaidhri is Maelcairearda's immediate predecessor. In the O'Flaherty genealogies, Maelcairearda is given as the father of Muireadhach ua Flaithbheartach (died 1034).
A notable event took place on the crannog home of Muintir Murchada, at Lough Cimbe (now Lough Hackett) in 991:
The wind sunk the island of Loch Cimbe suddenly, with its dreach and rampart, i.e. thirty feet.
References
West or H-Iar Connaught Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
993 deaths
10th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Neenga Nalla Irukkanum () is a 1992 Tamil-language film written and directed by Visu. It stars Nizhalgal Ravi and Bhanupriya in the lead with Visu, Chandrasekhar and Manorama forming the supporting cast. Produced by G. Venkateswaran under their banner G. V. Films, the film won the award for Best Film on Other Social Issues at the 40th National Film Awards. The film was the first to be sponsored by the Tamil Nadu Government and had Jayalalithaa in a pivotal role as a Chief Minister (her real-life political profession at the time) in a brief appearance; making their unofficial comeback to films after a decade.
Plot
Anjalai, a village woman marries a drunkard Manickam, with a hope of changing their behavior post marriage. But Manickam continues drinking and goes to a level where they steal Anjalai's jewels before losing their job. During this time, their mother dies in a fire accident after which they vow not to drink anymore. Meanwhile, Manickam falls sick after damaging their liver as a result of excessive drinking. In order to safeguard their life, Anjalai collects money by begging in the streets and donation from the chief minister of the state. Manickam is sent to the United States for treatment. When the couple return to India after Manickam gets cured, they start drinking again and gets addicted to it. Unable to tolerate their change in behaviour, Anjalai ends their lives. This forces all the women in the village join to protest against alcohol.
Cast
Nizhalgal Ravi as Manickam
Bhanupriya as Anjalai
Visu
Chandrasekhar
Manorama
Major Sundarrajan
Srividya
Jayalalithaa as themselves (Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu)
Production
Actress-turned politician Jayalalithaa who was the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu played themselves in the film. This was also their final film as an actor.
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and lyrics for all songs were written by Vaali.
"Poongathu" – S. P. Balasubrahmanyam
"Aasapattu" – S. P. B
"Mangalyam" – K. S. Chitra
"Shivashankari" – Chithra
"Varugiraar" – T. M. Soundararajan
"Aalagi" – Malaysia Vasudevan, Swarnalatha
Reception
Released on 2 October 1992, coinciding with Gandhi Jayanti, Neenga Nalla Irukkanum focused on Prohibition and was the first Tamil film to be sponsored by the Government of Tamil Nadu. The film was budgeted at a cost of 8.5 million (about 0.277 million in 1992–93).
Despite being launched with much "fanfare" and media acclaim, the film did not make any impact among the audience as it turned out to be a box-office failure. It won the National Film Award for Best Film on Other Social Issues in 1993 and a Tamil Nadu State Film Award. The jury noted the film for its "effective and purposeful plea for prohibition". K. Vijiyan of New Straits Times wrote "This is not the usual Visu fare were are used to [...] Visu has made sure this is not just an educational movie with an anti-alcohol message. There is an Indian saying that it is difficult to straighten a dog's tail and the story seems to subscribe to the fatalistic view that drunkards cannot quit". However Ayyappa Prasad for The Indian Express wrote that the film "fails to impress" and "The director in a bid to do propaganda-cum-commercial has ended up with a product that is neither".
Notes
References
External links
1990s Tamil-language films
1992 films
Best Film on Other Social Issues National Film Award winners
Films about alcoholism
Films directed by Visu
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Films with screenplays by Visu
Nace Majcen (born 12 July 1968 in Ljubljana) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia. They represented their native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, competing in two individual events (200m and 400m freestyle). They later started a career in marathon swimming, competing for instance at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships.
They ended the career in 2002 and became a coach. Their brother Igor also was a swimmer.
References
sports-reference
1968 births
Living people
Slovenian male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Slovenia
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Swimmers at the 1987 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
20th-century Slovenian people
21st-century Slovenian people
Sir John Bailey (1 January 1898 – 18 January 1969) was a Welsh co-operative activist and politician.
Born in Miskin, near Mountain Ash, Bailey attended the Gwyn Ivor School until they were twelve, then worked for a cobbler before becoming a coal miner. However, in 1915 they suffered an accident which prevented them from working underground, and in 1917 they enlisted in the South Wales Borderers.
In 1919, Bailey returned to mining, becoming more involved with the South Wales Miners' Federation, who funded them to complete a correspondence course with Ruskin College and then to attend the Central Labour College. They also joined the Independent Labour Party, and in 1922, while studying in London, they unsuccessfully stood for the party in Kensington. The following year, they returned to Mountain Ash, and was elected to the local council.
Bailey took a job in 1925 as political secretary for the Co-operative Party in Bradford, and during this period was twice elected to Bradford City Council. They then moved back to London as the party's national organiser, and in 1942 was appointed as its general secretary. In the role, they led calls for the Labour Party government to promote co-operative ownership. In 1955, their textbook, The British Co-operative Movement, was published.
Bailey retired as general secretary in 1962, but remained involved with the movement, serving on a committee set up to consider the merger of local co-operatives, and chairing the Co-operative Congress in 1964. They received a knighthood in the 1965 New Year Honours.
References
1898 births
1969 deaths
Alumni of Ruskin College
Co-operative Party politicians
Councillors in Bradford
Councillors in Wales
General Secretaries of the Co-operative Party
Independent Labour Party politicians
Labour Party (UK) councillors
People from Mountain Ash, Wales
South Wales Borderers soldiers
Kasey Marie Cooper (born April 7, 1995) is an American softball player and third baseman, originally from Dothan, Alabama. Cooper played college ball at Auburn University, in which entering their senior season holds almost every offensive record for the Tigers. Cooper also plays for the United States women's national softball team, and won a gold medal with the team at the 2016 Women's Softball World Championship and a Silver Medal at the 2016 World Cup of Softball.
Early life
Cooper was born in Dothan, Alabama to parents Jeff and Peppi Cooper. Cooper's older sister, Kortney, played college ball at Troy University. Cooper attended Dothan High School and graduated in 2013. Cooper hit .569 with 22 home runs, 77 RBI and pitched with a 28-13 record, 1.35 ERA and 392 strikeouts from the circle as a senior.
Auburn Tigers
After graduating from high school, Cooper attended Auburn University, from where they graduated in May of 2017. Cooper owns records in home runs, RBIs, batting average, and on-base percentage. Cooper was named co-NFCA National Freshman of the Year in 2014, along with Tennessee's Annie Aldrete, was the SEC Player of the Year in 2016, and was a First Team All-American in 2015 and 2016.
Stats
International career
Cooper was selected to play for the United States women's national softball team in 2016 and 2017. Cooper won a silver medal at the 2016 World Cup of Softball and a gold medal at the 2016 Women's Softball World Championship with the team.
Stats
References
1995 births
Living people
Auburn Tigers softball players
scrapyard Dawgs players
Sportspeople from Dothan, Alabama
Softball players from Alabama
Ma Mingyu (; born 4 February 1970, in Chongqing, Sichuan) is a former Chinese International football player. They represented Sichuan Quanxing throughout the majority of their career, having several spells with them. They also represented Guangdong Hongyuan and Italian Serie A side Perugia. While internationally they would play in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup, 2000 AFC Asian Cup and captain China's campaign during the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Playing career
Ma Mingyu predominantly played for top tier Chinese club Sichuan Guancheng where they spent several spells with them throughout their football career. In their first spell with them they would attract attention from Guangdong Hongyuan after Ma had a prolific 1994 league season that saw them play 21 games and score 3 goals.
Ma would move to Guangdong Hongyuan at the beginning of 1995 league season, however despite a promising start that saw Guangdong come 4th in the league their time with Guangdong saw them win nothing with them and after a disappointing 1996 league season that saw Guangdong come 9th, Ma returned to Sichuan.
Ma Mingyu's second spell at Sichuan Guancheng was to prove considerably more successful with Sichuan as they were genuine title contenders during this period and came 3rd in the 1999 and 2000 league seasons. With Ma firmly established as a permanent fixture within Sichuan's left midfield and becoming a member of the Chinese national team they would attract attention from Italian team Perugia Calcio in the Serie A in the 2000–01 season. Their time at Perugia, however was a disaster as they played in no games for them and they returned to Sichuan Guancheng where they have started to play first team football on a regular basis in preparation for the World Cup. At the end of the 2003 league season they would decide to retire from professional football.
International career
As an attacking left-footed midfielder Ma Mingyu would break into the senior team on 30 January 1996, when they made their debut in a qualifier for the 1996 AFC Asian Cup against Macau in a 7–1 victory. In the next qualifying game against the Philippines on 1 February 1996, they would score their first goal in a 7–0 victory. After several friendlies they would go to establish themselves as a regular within the squad and then go to the 1996 AFC Asian Cup. At the end of the campaign, they had become an integral member of the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as their captain. During their captaincy they would lead China to a fourth-place finish at the 2000 AFC Asian Cup and see the team qualify for their first FIFA World Cup tournament. Once Bora Milutinović left at the end of the campaign Ma Mingyu's international career would also end.
International goals
Career statistics
International statistics
References
External links
2002 World Cup squad profile at BBC.co.uk
1970 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Chongqing
China international footballers
1996 AFC Asian Cup players
2000 AFC Asian Cup players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
Sichuan Guancheng players
Chinese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Guangdong Winnerway F.C. players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Association football midfielders
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
The Eleventh Wisconsin Legislature convened from January 13, 1858, to March 17, 1858, in regular session.
Senators representing even-numbered districts were newly elected for this session and were serving the first year of a two-year term. Assembly members were elected to a one-year term. Assembly members and even-numbered senators were elected in the general election of November 3, 1857. Senators representing odd-numbered districts were serving the second year of their two-year term, having been elected in the general election held on November 4, 1856.
Major events
January 4, 1858: Inauguration of Alexander Randall as the 6th Governor of Wisconsin.
Major legislation
February 25, 1858: Act to divide the County of Dunn, and create the County of Pepin, 1858 Act 15
March 5, 1858: Act to divide the County of Marquette and erect the County of Green Lake, 1858 Act 17
May 12, 1858: Act providing for the organization, enrolling and discipline of the Militia of the State of Wisconsin, 1858 Act 87
May 17, 1858: Act to protect the people against corrupt and secret influences of matters of Legislation, 1858 Act 145
Party summary
Senate summary
Assembly summary
Sessions
1st Regular session: January 13, 1858 – March 17, 1858
Leaders
Senate leadership
President of the Senate: Erasmus D. Campbell, Lieutenant Governor
President pro tempore: Hiram H. Giles
Assembly leadership
Speaker of the Assembly: Frederick S. Lovell
Members
Members of the Senate
Members of the Wisconsin Senate for the Eleventh Wisconsin Legislature (30):
Members of the Assembly
Members of the Assembly for the Eleventh Wisconsin Legislature:
Employees
Senate employees
Chief Clerk: John L. V. Thomas
Sergeant-at-Arms: Nathaniel L. Stout
Assembly employees
Chief Clerk: L. H. D. Crane
Sergeant-at-Arms: Francis Massing
References
External links
1858 in Wisconsin
Wisconsin
Wisconsin legislative sessions
Xie Zhiwei (; born 7 January 1998) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Jiangsu Suning.
Club career
Xie Zhiwei would make their debut for Jiangsu Suning on 23 November 2019 in a league game against Beijing Renhe F.C. that ended in a 3–2 victory. The following season they would be a squad player that won the 2020 Chinese Super League title with them.
Career statistics
.
Honours
Club
Jiangsu Suning
Chinese Super League: 2020
References
External links
Xie Zhiwei at Worldfootball.net
1998 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Association football midfielders
Chinese Super League players
Jiangsu F.C. players
Beijing Sport University F.C. players
Edward Hamlin Everett (May 18, 1851 – April 26, 1929) was a noted American business person and philanthropist, and a founder of the Bennington Museum in Bennington, Vermont.
Early life
Everett was born in Cleveland, Ohio on May 18, 1851. They were a son of Dr. Henry Everett (1819–1854), a urologist who died when they were only three years old, and Mary (née Hamlin) (1830–1890). After their mother remarried to Henry W. Putnam, a business person, inventor, manufacturer, and philanthropist, they moved to New York City and young Everett stayed in Cleveland with their uncle, Sylvester T. Everett. Sylvester was a financier who began their career at Cleveland's oldest banking house, Brockway, Wason, Everett & Co. that had been co-founded by Edward's father, Dr. Henry Everett. Their uncle married a granddaughter of Jeptha Wade as their second wife. Through their mother, Edward was related to Hannibal Hamlin, Abraham Lincoln's first vice president.
Edward lived with their uncle in Cleveland for five years and spent summers in Bennington, Vermont with their mother and stepfather. In 1866, Edward enrolled at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. However, they left Phillips at the end of one year, and enrolled in Bennington High School, where they graduated two years later in 1869.
Career
They began their career as a bottle salesperson for their stepfather, Henry W. Putnam, the inventor of the Lightning fruit jar (a predecessor to the Mason jar). In 1870, they returned to Cleveland, where they took a job as a bank clerk, staying there for another seven or eight years where they became learned glass manufacturing before moving to Chicago sometime around 1877.
In September 1880, Everett purchased the Star Glass Works in Newark, Ohio and five years later, in 1885, Everett renamed their company the E.H. Everett Company, capitalized at $100,000, of which they held 96% of the shares. Everett continued to acquire companies and expand their holdings before forming the Ohio Bottle Company, valued at $4 million, in 1904. A year later, they merged the Ohio Bottle Company with the Adolphus Busch Glass Manufacturing Company in St. Louis and a number of smaller Illinois and Ohio firms to form the American Bottle Company. The American Bottle Company later merged with Corning to eventually become Owens Corning.
In 1887, one of their workers in Ohio struck natural gas and, by 1906, Everett owned 50 gas wells in Licking and Knox County, later drilling over 400 wells. They expanded their investments later extended to cattle, real estate, orchids and apple orchards, and large stockholdings the Anheuser-Busch Co. Their orchard of 70,000 trees at Old Bennington was once the largest one-man owned orchard in America. They were also one of the first manufacturers of automobiles. Between 1914 and 1924, their fruit orchard businesses in Vermont and Ohio suffered operating losses of over $600,00. In late 1919, they sold their Texas enterprises and properties near Port O'Connor for a loss of $133,000. In mid-1921, Everett was forced to cash out of their $3 million share of a $40 million New York syndicate that was to build two commercial buildings adjacent to Grand Central Terminal in Midtown Manhattan.
Personal life
On July 8, 1886, Everett was married to Amy Webster King (1863–1917), the daughter of Oren Granger King, a business associate. Together, they were the parents of three daughters:
Amy King Everett (1887–1964), who married Dr. Lucius Arthur Wing, a son of Charles Mayhew Wing.
Mary Putnam Everett (1892–1961), who married Luigi Guilio Turri and lived in Italy.
Anne Holton Everett (1897–1948), who married James Kirtland Selden of Methuen Mills.
In 1918, Everett was introduced to Grace Belle Burnap (1879–1969) at a dinner given by society hostess Mary Foote Henderson, widow of U.S. Senator John B. Henderson. Burnap was the sister of George Burnap, a landscape architect best known for Meridian Hill Park in Washington and St. Joseph Parkway in Missouri. After spending some time in Europe, Everett married Grace on March 27, 1920 at St. James Church in Chicago. A singer, Grace had attended the Boston Conservatory of Music and studied voice in Munich and Paris. Together, they were the parents of two more daughters:
Grace Elizabeth Everett (1921–1945), who was with the Women Airforce Service Pilots during World War II, was killed in an airplane accident at the Bennington Airport.
Sarah Everett (1922–2006), who married Horace D. McCowan Jr., a lawyer and chairperson of the E. H. Everett Company, an oil and gas production company in Newark, Ohio in 1950.
In 1922, just as Everett was diagnosed with prostate cancer. Everett died at the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston on April 26, 1929 of complications from prostate cancer surgery. They were buried in the Everett mausoleum in Park Lawn Cemetery in Bennington, Vermont (purportedly modeled after the Theseion at the Acropolis of Athens). Prior to the 1929 stock market crash, Everett's wealth was estimated to be between $40–50 million. However, it was greatly reduced due to the depression and poor business decisions in their later years. Their last will left most of their estate to their second wife, Grace, however, their daughters from their first marriage contested the will and was in the courts for several years. In April 1936, Grace sold their Washington residence, and all its furnishings and interior decorations, to the Turkish government for $402,000.
Descendants
Though their youngest daughter Sarah, they were a grandfather of Grace Elizabeth "Lisa" McCowan, who married Thomas C. Foley in 1989. They divorced in January 1994 and Foley later served as the United States Ambassador to Ireland under George W. Bush.
Real estate
In 1912, Everett transferred title of their Newark home on Buena Vista Street to the help establish the town's first hospital, and later deeded 20 acres on Everett Avenue to the Newark Board of Education for Everett Park. From 1910 to 1915, Everett built a large mansion in Washington, D.C., known as the Edward Hamlin Everett House, from 1911 to 1914, they built a large summer residence in Bennington, known as The Orchards, on 500 acres of farm land (which later became the Southern Vermont College). They also vacationed at the Château de l'Aile in Vevey, Switzerland.
In June 1911, Everett purchased the venerable Richmond Hotel at 17th and H Streets, and several adjoining properties for $275,000. The Richmond, which was diagonally across from the Metropolitan Club had been built in 1883. Beginning in the summer of 1912, they extensively renovated and refurnished the hotel to make it more upscale and appealing to an affluent clientele.
References
1851 births
1929 deaths
People from Cleveland
Phillips Academy alumni
American businesspeople
Philanthropists from Vermont
People from Bennington County, Vermont
Pseudopolycesta tigrina is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pseudopolycesta.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Nikkasaurus is an extinct genus of therapsids.
Description
Nikkasaurus was a small therapsid, with a skull about 5 cm long. The eyes had large orbits and sclerotic rings, and the head was tilted back, as with all therapsids. The skull looks superficially similar to those of the pelycosaurs, in particular members of Varanopidae.
Biology
Nikkasaurus was probably mainly insectivorous, and possibly nocturnal.
Systematics
The only known species is the type species N. tatarinovi, described by MF Ivahnenko in 2000, from the Middle Permian Mezen River Basin. Nikkasaurus is possibly a relic of a more ancient stage of therapsid development.
See also
List of therapsids
References
Kemp, Thomas Stainforth (2005). The Origin and Evolution of Mammals. .
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Guadalupian synapsids of Europe
Guadalupian genus first appearances
Guadalupian genus extinctions
Permian Russia
Fossils of Russia
Fossil taxa described in 2000
The Communist Party of Nepal (Masal) (1999) was a communist party in Nepal led by Deena Nath Sharma. It was formed on April 6, 1999, by activists splitting away from the Communist Party of Nepal (Masal). Sharma's faction called for the boycott of elections and urged its followers to support the armed struggle being led by the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). The party was later absorbed by the Maoists, Sharma becoming a member of their politburo.
See also
List of communist parties in Nepal
Defunct communist parties in Nepal
Political parties established in 1999
1999 establishments in Nepal
This is a list of maritime disasters that have taken place in the Bangladesh. It may also be called maritime incidents or ferry disasters. The list may be incomplete for years before 1986 or later. During the past 25 years (since 1994), 250 ferry incidents with over 2,000 deaths have been recorded till 2019.
Ferry incidents "occur frequently in Bangladesh" due to structural-defects, severe weather, overcrowding and noncompliance to safety standards.
1986 - 1990
On April 20, 1986, ferry Atlas Star was carrying the passengers in Shitalakshya river when a cyclone struck it and killed 200 people.
On May 25, 1986, a ferry sank in Meghna river near Barisal district that left 600 people dead with several other missing.
On December 27, 1986, ferry Haisal was accidentally struck by a cargo ship in Dhaleswari river and killed 200 people.
On January 28, 1990, a ferry sank in a river when it collided with another vessel. The incident subsequently killed several people, but the actual toll was never counted.
1994 - 1996
On 20 August 1994, more than 200 people were killed when an overloaded ferry sank in Meghna river.
On 1 January 1996, an oil tanker struck a small ferry that subsequently killed 50 people in Meghna river.
On 14 June 1996, a ferry carrying 250 passengers met with an accident and killed 50 people when it capsized in Dhanu river.
On 23 June 1996, a ferry sank in Jamuna river and killed 50 people while it was carrying 200 passengers.
On 28 June 1996, a ferry in the Bay of Bengal sank in the river with 150 passengers during an extreme weather condition.
1998 - 1999
On 14 March 1998, two ferries sank in a river and killed at least 20 passengers and 30 went missing.
On 8 May 1999, the MV Dwipkanya vessel sank in river near Lakshmipur district that killed 100 to 300 people.
On 5 August 1999, a boat sank in Sitalakya river after a collision and killed 20 people.
On 11 December 1999, a ferry was carrying about 200 passengers when it sank in Meghna river and killed 63 people.
On 17 December 1999, a ferry in Buriganga river capsized with 250 passengers and killed 15 people with several others missing.
2000 - 2002
On 1 May 2000, two ferries capsized during a severe weather in Meghna river that subsequently killed 73 people and 100 went missing.
In December 2000, a ferry with 400 passengers sank in Meghna river and subsequently killed 158 people.
On 29 November 2001, a ferry with 130 passengers sank in Tentulia river, however, the actual toll is not known.
On 3 May 2002, MV Salahuddin-2 was set on sail with 500 passengers when they sank in Meghna river and subsequently killed 300 people.
On 23 May 2002, ML Suraha with 100 passengers sank during a stormy weather in Baleshwari river when it was moving towards Khulna from Charduani. The incident left 60 people missing and 40 other were rescued.
2003 - 2004
On 4 April 2003, a ferry sank in the Surma river that subsequently killed 62 people.
On 21 April 2003, two ferries sank in Buriganga and Meghna river during a severe weather that killed 200 people in two separate incidents.
On 8 July 2003, a triple-deck ferry MV Nasrin-1 sank in Meghna river that killed over 500 people.
On 23 May 2004, two ferries sank in Meghna river that killed about 200 people.
2005 - 2006
On 19 February 2005, M V Moharaj (Dhaka-Motlob-Dhaka) Launch sank in Burigonga river near Dhaka that subsequently killed 118 people while 80 people went missing.
On 15 May 2005, a two-deck ferry MV Prince sank in Tentulia river that killed 60 people and more than 30 went missing.
On 8 June 2006, a ferry sank in Bay of Bengal during a stormy weather that killed 17 people and 20 other passengers went missing.
On 23 October 2006, an overcrowded ferry with 125 passengers capsized in Meghna river that killed 15 people with 35 others missing.
2008 - 2009
On 28 February 2008, MV Shourav with 100 passengers sank in Buriganga river that killed 39 people.
On 13 May 2008, MV Nazimuddin sank in Ghorautra river that subsequently killed 14 people.
On 27 November 2009, MV Coco-4 was struck by a river shoal, leading the vessel lost their balance. The incident killed 75 people with several other missing.
On 4 December 2009, a motorboat capsized in Daira river that killed 47 people with 8 others missing.
2011 - 2015
On 21 April 2011, a ferry with 100 passengers was moving from Bhairab towards Jamalganj when it collided with a shipwreck that left 24 people dead.
On 12 March 2012, MV Shariatpur 1 with 250 passengers sank in the Meghna river that killed 147 people. The incident occurred after it collided with a cargo ship.
On 8 February 2013, a ferry with more than 50 passengers sank in a river near Munshiganj district after colliding with a sand barge. The incident killed 14 people with several other missing.
On 15 May 2014, MV Miraj-4 with 150 to 200 passengers sank in Meghna river that killed 29 people with several other missing.
On 23 Feb 2015, a vessel with 140 passengers collided with a cargo ship and sank in a Bangladesh river that subsequently killed 69 people with several other missing.
2016 - present
On 21 September 2016, ML Oishee ferry capsized near Barisal in Sondha river that killed 13 people with 15 passengers missing.
On 6 February 2020, a small wooden boat with 130 passengers was set on sail from Bangladesh to Malaysia when it sank in Bay of Bengal. The incident killed 11 Rohingya refugees with several other missing.
On 29 June 2020, MV Morning Bird, which was carrying up to 60 passengers sunk in the Buriganga River after colliding with Mayur-2, a larger ferry, at around 8:55 a.m. The incident killed at least 34 passengers.
On 4 April 2021, ML Sabit Al Hasan with 50 passengers capsized in the Shitalakkhya river in Narayanganj district. The incident killed 34 people.
On 3 May 2021, a speedboat coming from Munshiganj District, which was going to Madaripur District crashed into a sand-laden bulk carrier that saw the death of at least 26 people. Five wounded people were rescued so far, including three children from the speedboat which was carrying 36 passengers. However, five others are still believed to be missing.
On 24 December 2021, a ferry from Dhaka to Barguna caught fire in the Sugandha River in Jhalokati Sadar Upazila, killing at least 39 people and injuring at least 72.
On 5 January 2022, a trawler carrying 70 people collided with the ferry MV Farhan-6 in the Meghna river, and sank. 4 crew of MV Farhan 6, including the captain, were detained by authorities.
See also
List of shipwrecks of Asia
References
Sources
CHRONOLOGY-Bangladesh ferry disasters by Reuters
External links
Ferry disaster in Bangladesh on at World Socialist Web Site
Timeline Bangladesh
20th century-related lists
Maritime disasters
21st century-related lists
Maritime disasters
Bangladesh
More (also released as Jazz in the Movies) is an album by the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band featuring performances recorded in Italy in 1968 and first released on producer Gigi Campi's own label. The album features big band arrangements of Italian film music.
Reception
The AllMusic review says "unless one is a devotee of Italian films, most of this music will be unfamiliar to jazz fans, although the perfunctory arrangements (nearly all under four minutes) don't leave room for a lot of solos... The music is good, but there are higher priority recordings by the Kenny Clarke-Francy Boland Big Band available".
Track listing
"Seven Golden Men" (Armando Trovajoli) - 4:03
"Je M'en Fous" (Riz Ortolani, Nino Oliviero, Marcello Ciorciolini) - 3:05
"Your Smile" (Piero Piccioni) - 2:22
"Questi Vent' Anni Miei" (Ennio Morricone, Franco Torti, Guido Castaldo) - 3:06
"Passerella di Otto e Mezzo" (Nino Rota) - 2:44
"Roma Nun Fa' la Stupida Stasera" (Trovajoli, Pietro Garinei, Sandro Giovannini) - 2:12
"More" (Ortolani, Oliviero, Ciorciolini, Norman Newell) - 4:02
"Canto d'Amore" (Carlo Rustichelli, Nino Nicotra) - 3:26
"Voglio Bene al Mondo" (Oliviero, Torti, Castaldo) - 3:04
"La Hora de la Verdad" (Piccioni) - 3:48
"Saxology" (Mario Bertolazzi) - 2:48
Personnel
Kenny Clarke - drums
Francy Boland - piano, arranger
Benny Bailey - trumpet, flugelhorn
Jimmy Deuchar, Shake Keane, Duško Gojković, Idrees Sulieman - trumpet
Nat Peck, Åke Persson, Eric van Lier - trombone
Derek Humble - alto saxophone
Tony Coe, Johnny Griffin, Don Menza, Ronnie Scott, - tenor saxophone
Sahib Shihab - baritone saxophone, flute
Jimmy Woode - bass
Fats Sadi - vibraphone, percussion
Mario Bertolazzi, Ralph Ferraro - arranger
References
1968 albums
Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band albums
Stanley Mac "Max" Millen (7 July 1909 – 4 September 1973) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Family
The son of George Robert Millen (1873-1957), and Edith Elizabeth Millen (1874-1940), née Rice, Stanley Mac Millen was born at Seymour, Victoria on 7 July 1909.
Their brother, Jack Millen, played VFL football with Fitzroy, and VFA football with Coburg.
They married Noreen Johnson (1915-1996) in 1937.
Football
In 1931 they were granted a clearance from Fitzroy to South Melbourne, and, in 1932, from South Melbourne to North Melbourne.
North Melbourne (VFL)
North Melbourne had finished the 1931 home-and-away VFL season with 18 losses from 18 matches.
Millen played their first game for the North Melbourne First XVIII, among six "new" players -- i.e., Les Allen, Tom Leather, Millen, Jack Smith, Dick Taylor, Jack Welsh -- under the team's new captain-coach, Taylor, against Geelong, at Corio Oval, on 30 April 1932.
Death
They died at Prince Henry's Hospital, in South Melbourne, Victoria, on 4 September 1973.
Notes
References
External links
1909 births
1973 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
You Don't Know Lonely is the third studio album by Australian rock band Tex, Don and Charlie. It was released in June 2017 and debuted at number 14 on the Australian charts.
Details
You Don't Know Lonely was released 12 years after Tex, Don & Charlie's last album, which was released 12 years after their debut. The album was delayed by the death of Shane Walsh from a heroin overdose in 2011. Owen said, "It honestly wasn't supposed to take another 12 years. We lost our good friend Shane Walsh – a brilliant double-bass player and one of the great Melbourne personalities. They were integral to Tex, Don and Charlie – and when they passed away, we were already sharing songs around. That all came to a halt – it was really hard to start again in the wake of their passing." Walker added, "It was quite painful for us, particularly Charlie, to think about doing something without Shane for a while."
In Walsh's absence, Steve Hadley, who had previously been with Paul Kelly and The Black Sorrows, played bass. Original drummer Jim White was also unable to join due to, "getting more and more busy with an international career." Charley Drayton, who had replaced Steve Prestwich in Walker's Cold Chisel, joined the band on drums. Walker said, "“When you change a drummer, that fundamentally changes everything in a group, in ways that are not easy to describe in English – but they are enormously evident sitting on stage or in a studio." Garret Costigan, a regular in Walker's bands, returned on pedal steel. Demos were recorded in Goonengerry before studio recording in Sydney.
As with the previous two albums, Walker wrote just over half the songs, and Perkins just under. Walker said, "I throw a lot of songs into the hat. We go through them. The definition of a TDC song of mine is one that Tex and Charlie like. They are very discerning." Perkins added, "Don usually has a stockpile of songs, one of these songs is about eight years old, and I also have a song in this album that is about eight years old. Don normally presents us with songs they think Charlie and I are going to like. Sometimes they are wrong."
In the song "A Man In Conflict With Nature", the narrator spends their dog-racing winnings on "three hookers and some sushi". Author Perkins admitted, "I was trying to out-Don Don in that song. My ambition with that song was to please Don and, I have to say, they were very pleased. I got open laughter from him, not just a smirk and a snigger. They didn't bring so much sleaze this time, so it was up to me."
Walker had been working on the song "Plan B" for about 12 years. Having written "pages and pages", and unable to finish it, they took the song to Terry Radigan, who came up with the opening lines, "Bass drum, empty stage/women of a certain age". Walker said, "For some reason it was that little click where everything falls into place."
Reception
Rolling Stone Australia said the album was, "a damn near cinematic listening experience. It's filled with characters living on the margins, stumbling from one self-created mess to the next."
The Sydney Morning Herald noted, "given their earlier work, this was always going to be a sombre set, regardless: it's based on their usual stories of characters existing on the fringes, living with regrets and coping with loss, and it mostly delivers. You Don't Know Lonely rewards in time."
The Guardian said the album, "challenges us to consider what we know about diving into the depths of the human soul. It can be a bit uncomfortable at times." Musically, it said, "You could call it blues – and it certainly has more than a hint of country with that pedal steel and occasional dobro – but let's just call it a magnificent slab of Australiana."
Track listing
Charts
Release history
Personnel
Tex Perkins – vocals, guitar
Don Walker – vocals, keyboards
Charlie Owen – guitar, dobro, lap steel
Steve Hadley – bass
Charley Drayton – drums
Garrett Costigan – pedal steel guitar
References
2017 albums
Tex, Don and Charlie albums
Dayveon is a 2017 American drama film directed by Amman Abbasi and written by Amman Abbasi and Steven Reneau. The film stars Devin Blackmon, Dontrell Bright, Lachion Buckingham, Kordell Johnson, Marquell Manning and Chasity Moore. The film was released on September 13, 2017, by FilmRise.
Plot
Dayveon (Devin Blackmon) is a 13 year old struggling to cope with the death of their brother. In the sweltering Arkansas heat, Dayveon roams the street and begins to spend time with a local gang. Although their sister's boyfriend reluctantly serves as a father figure and attempts to provide support and security, Dayveon is constantly drawn towards the violence and camaraderie of their new world.
Cast
Devin Blackmon as Dayveon
Dontrell Bright as Brian
Lachion Buckingham as Mook
Kordell Johnson as Brayden
Marquell Manning as Country
Chasity Moore as Kim
Shavidee Trotter as Show D
Release
The film premiered at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival on January 19, 2017. On January 25, 2017, FilmRise acquired distribution rights to the film. The film was released on September 13, 2017, by FilmRise.
See also
List of black films of the 2010s
List of hood films
References
External links
2017 films
2017 drama films
American drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Islands of Refreshment was the name given to Tristan da Cunha by its self-proclaimed ruler, Jonathan Lambert, in 1811.
History
In the early 19th century American whalers frequented the neighboring waters and, on December 27, 1810, the Boston ship Baltic put ashore an American named Jonathan Lambert "late of Salem, mariner and citizen thereof" along with one Thomas Currie or Tomasso Corri in their employ, and a third man named Williams. These three were the first permanent inhabitants of Tristan, and they were soon joined by a fourth, Andrew Millet.
Lambert declared themselves sovereign and sole possessor of the island group "grounding my right and claim on the rational and sure ground of absolute occupancy". They renamed the main island "Island of Refreshment", Inaccessible Island "Pintard Island" and Nightingale Island "Lovel Island". Five months after arriving, Lambert, Williams and Millet drowned while fishing on May 17, 1812. Currie was joined, however, by two other men, and the three busied themselves growing vegetables, wheat and oats, and breeding pigs.
During the War of 1812, the islands were used as a base by American cruisers sent to prey on British merchant ships. This and other considerations urged by Lord Charles Henry Somerset, then-governor of Cape Colony in South Africa, led the British government to annex the islands as dependencies of the Cape Colony. The formal proclamation of annexation was made on August 14, 1816, partly as a measure to ensure the French could not use the islands as a base for a rescue operation to free the deposed Napoleon I of France from their prison on Saint Helena.
References
History of Tristan da Cunha
Former unrecognized countries
Former monarchies of Africa
Island countries
Micronations
States and territories established in 1811
States and territories disestablished in 1816
Former countries in Africa
Self-proclaimed monarchy
fr:Tristan da Cunha (archipel)
Fugitive Road is a 1934 American comedy drama film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Erich von Stroheim, Wera Engels and Leslie Fenton. It is set a border post in Austria following World War I. A variety of different people trying to cross the border end up stranded there, including an American gangster and a naïve young Russian woman hoping to sail to New York to join their brother.
It was shot at the Universal Studios with sets designed by the art director Edward C. Jewell.
Cast
Erich von Stroheim as Hauptmann Oswald Von Traunsee
Wera Engels as Sonya Valinoff
Leslie Fenton as Frank Riker
George Humbert as Papa Vinocchio
Hank Mann as Johann, Traunsee's orderly
Harry Holman as Burgomaster
Ferdinand Schumann-Heink as Doctor
Michael Visaroff as Police capt. with moustache
Wilhelm von Brincken as Lieutenant Berne
Harry Allen as Herbert Smythe, ambulance driver
Anna Demetrio as Mama Vinocchio
Leonid Kinskey as Nicholas Petrovich, tall smuggler
Florence Enright as Burgomaster's Wife
Harry Schultz as Sergeant
Edith Kingdon as Tourist
Vangie Beilby as Tourist
Hans Fuerberg as Second Lieutenant
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
Fugitive Road at TV Guide (a slightly different version of this 1987 write-up was originally published in The Motion Picture Guide)
1934 films
1934 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Frank R. Strayer
Chesterfield Pictures films
Films set in Austria
Films set in the 1910s
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Christian Lusch (born February 19, 1981 in Bühl (Baden)) is a German sport shooter.
They were born in Bühl (Baden), Germany. They represented Germany at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games, and won the silver medal in the rifle, prone, at 50 metres, and came in 12th in the rifle, prone, three positions, at 50 metres. They share in the world record at 50 m rifle prone, with a 600 they shot in 2004.
Current world record in 50 m rifle prone
References
External links
issf bio
1981 births
Living people
German male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Germany
Shooters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Germany
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in shooting
Gungmangbong is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County and the city Pocheon. Gungmangbong has an elevation of .
See also
List of mountains in Korea
Notes
References
Mountains of Gyeonggi Province
Pocheon
Gapyeong County
Mountains of South Korea
One-thousanders of South Korea
District 47 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Multnomah County. It was formerly represented by Democrat Diego Hernandez of Portland who resigned in February 2021 amid an ethics scandal. Their replacement will be decided in April.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County, Oregon
District 22 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Marion County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Teresa Alonso Leon of Woodburn.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Marion County, Oregon
Arnie is a masculine given name, frequently a shortened version of Arnold. It may refer to:
People
Arnold Arnie Arenz (1911–1985), American National Football League quarterback in 1934
Arnold Arnie Beyeler (born 1964), American former minor league baseball player and manager and former Major League Baseball coach and instructor
Stewart Arnold Arnie Brown (born 1942), Canadian former National Hockey League player
Charlton Arnold Arnie Ferrin, Jr. (born 1925), American retired National Basketball Association player
Arnold Arnie Fisher (born 1938), American professional bridge player, bridge author
Arnold Galiffa (1927–1978), American National Football League and Canadian Football League quarterback
Arnie David Giralt (born 1984), Cuban triple jumper
Arnie Hamilton, Canadian former politician
Arnold Arnie Herber (1910–1969), American Hall-of-Fame National Football League quarterback
Arnold Horween (1898–1985), American college and National Football League player and coach
Arnie Johnson (1920–2000), American National Basketball Association player
Arnie Kogen, American comedy writer
Arnold Arnie Kullman (1927–1999), Canadian hockey player
Arnold Arnie Lawrence (1938–2005), American jazz saxophonist
Arnaldo Arnie Lerma (born 1950), American writer and activist, former Scientologist and critic of Scientology
Arnie McWatters, Canadian Football League quarterback in the 1930s and '40s
Arnie Morrison (born 1909), Canadian Football League player in the 1930s
Arnold Arnie Morton (1922–2005), American restaurateur who founded Morton's Restaurant Group/Morton's Steakhouse
Arnold Arnie Oliver (1907–1993), American Soccer League player, member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame
Arnold Palmer (1929–2016), American Hall-of-Fame golfer
Charles Arnold Arnie Patterson (1928–2011), Canadian journalist, public relations professional and broadcaster
Arnold Arnie Portocarrero (1931–1986), American Major League Baseball pitcher
Arnold Arnie Risen (1924–2012), American Hall-of-Fame college basketball and National Basketball Association player
Arnie Robinson, Jr. (1948–2020), American long jumper, 1976 Olympic champion
Arnie Roblan (born 1948), American politician
Arnold Arnie Roth, American Grammy Award-winning conductor, composer and record producer
Arnold Schwarzenegger (born 1947), Austrian-American actor, former professional bodybuilder and politician
Arnie Shockley (1903–1988), American National Football League player
Arnold Arnie Sidebottom (born 1954), English former footballer and cricketer
Arnold Arnie Simkus (born 1943), American former National Football League player
Arnold Arnie Sowell (born 1935), American former middle distance runner
Arnie States, a radio host on The Rob, Arnie, and Dawn Show
Edwin Arnold Arnie Stone (1892–1948), American Major League Baseball pitcher
Arnie Stuthman (born 1941), American former politician
Arnulfo Arnie Tuadles (1956–1996), Philippine Basketball Association player
Arnold Arnie Weinmeister (1923–2000), Canadian Hall-of-Fame National Football League player
Arnie Zane (1948–1988), American photographer, choreographer and dancer
Arnold Zimmerman (born 1954), American ceramic artist
Fictional characters
Arnold "Arnie" Cunningham, protagonist of the novel Christine by Stephen King
Arnie Nuvo, title character of the TV sitcom Arnie (1970–1972)
The player character in Arnie and Arnie II, video games for the Commodore 64
See also
Arne (disambiguation)
Arney (disambiguation)
Arnee and the Terminaters, a one-hit wonder band that parodied Schwarzenegger and the "Terminator" character
Arnaud (disambiguation)
Arnold (disambiguation)
Arny (disambiguation)
English-language masculine given names
Hypocorisms
Masculine given names
English masculine given names
The Kirtland Egyptian papers (KEP) are a collection of documents related to the Book of Abraham created in Kirtland between July and November 1835, and Nauvoo between March through May 1842. Because some documents were created in Nauvoo, the collection is sometimes referred to as the Book of Abraham and Related Manuscripts and Joseph Smith Egyptian Papers.
The papers include an "Egyptian alphabet" written in the hand of Joseph Smith, other Egyptian language related materials and early manuscript versions of the Book of Abraham in the handwriting of Oliver Cowdery, W. W. Phelps, Warren Parish, Willard Richards, and Frederick G. Williams.
The papers have been a source of controversy, because the translations and interpretations within are not considered accurate by Egyptologists, and have thus stoked questions of whether the Book of Abraham is a literal translation of the Joseph Smith Papyri. Some apologists of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) have postulated that many of the papers may have been produced by Smith's scribes without their involvement, and that they may have been intended as a speculative or naturalistic effort rather than a product of revelation.
Content
The Kirtland Egyptian papers are housed in the Church History Library of the LDS Church. They comprise over a dozen other documents produced ca. 1835 and 1842 in Kirtland, Ohio, and Nauvoo, Illinois. All dates for production are estimates. Due to controversy about the order of production, there is no generally accepted manuscript numbering scheme. The manuscript numbers (MS #) reported below refer to the folder numbers under which the manuscripts are catalogued in the Church archives. These folder numbers were assigned by Hugh Nibley ca. 1971.[1]. The order given below mirrors the authoritative Joseph Smith Papers project.
Notebooks of Copied Egyptian Characters
When Michael Chandler arrived in Kirtland in 1835 with the Egyptian Papyri, they allowed Oliver Cowdery to copy "four or five different sentences" from the papyri. A translation of the lines by Joseph Smith were given to Michael Chandler to their satisfaction. Given that the "Valuable Discovery" notebook was written in Oliver Cowdery's hand, signed by Joseph Smith, with a translation of some of the characters, it is postulated that it is the same notebook.
Most of the copied Egyptian characters in either notebook were untranslated by Smith or their associates.
Some of the characters are translated to read "Katumin, Princess, daughter of On-i-tas King of Egypt, who began to reign in the year of the world 2962. Katumin was born in the 30th year of the reign of their father and died when they were 28 years old which was in the year 3020." The Egyptian Hieratic characters have been translated by modern Egyptologists to read "Recitation by the Osiris".
The name Onitas appears in other Kirtland Egyptian manuscripts, and Joseph Smith's mother would later state that the mummies were "King Onitus and their royal household."
Copies of Egyptian Characters
Egyptian Alphabet Documents
The three Egyptian Alphabet documents created by Joseph Smith and their associates are an attempt to systematize the Egyptian language. Much like a dictionary, there are columns with the character, pronunciation and the definition of the character. The documents are incomplete, with many of the characters lacking definitions.
Some of the characters do not come from the Papyri, but from what Joseph Smith told William W. Phelps were Adamic language characters.
Grammar and Alphabet of the Egyptian Language
Authorship controversy
Egyptologist I. E. S. Edwards stated that the Egyptian Alphabet and Grammar was "largely a piece of imagination and lacking in any kind of scientific value." Hugh Nibley commented that the Grammar was "of no practical value whatever."
In 1968, Jay Todd suggested that the Grammar may have been reverse-engineered from an inspired Book of Abraham translation. In 1971, Hugh Nibley expanded on Todd's argument, explaining that the Alphabet and Grammar materials were largely an uninspired production of Joseph Smith's scribes, who had turned against them and were working independently of them at the time. This view is also accepted by John Gee. Samuel M. Brown has argued for a slightly more nuanced version of this view, attributing to W. W. Phelps a "major" role in authoring the Alphabet and Grammar, while at the same time conceding that the project was carried on under Smith's direction. Brown asserts that it is "unlikely, though not impossible, that the Grammar was actively used in producing the Book of Abraham."
In 1970, Richard P. Howard proposed the opposite view: that the Alphabet and Grammar was the modus operandi of the Book of Abraham's translation. Edward H. Ashment has also adopted this view, arguing against Nibley that the scribes of the KEP were all loyal to and in good standing with Joseph Smith at the time the manuscripts were produced. More recently, Christopher C. Smith has argued at some length that Joseph Smith was the primary author of the Alphabet and Grammar documents, and that those documents served as the source or modus operandi for the translation of at least the first three verses of the Book of Abraham. According to Smith, "This undoubtedly accounts for the choppiness and redundancy of these three verses, which stylistically are very different from the remainder of the Book of Abraham. Verse 3, for example, reads as though it has been cobbled together from a series of dictionary entries."
Book of Abraham Manuscripts circa July-circa November 1835
Publication
The LDS Church has been accused of suppressing the Kirtland Egyptian Papers because they were considered potentially damaging to the credibility of Joseph Smith, Jr. as a prophet. The Papers have been in the Church Historian and Recorder's vault in Salt Lake City since 1855, and there are indications that the Church Historians have been aware of the documents' whereabouts since 1908. Their existence was denied until 1935, when James R. Clark and Sidney B. Sperry were informed that they were in the vault. Even then, Clark and Sperry were not permitted to inform the public about the discovery until some time thereafter. When the documents' existence was finally revealed, Clark stated that they did not believe the Alphabet and Grammar should be submitted to scholars. They preferred to "depend on our testimonies of the gospel."
Jerald and Sandra Tanner, critics of the Church, obtained an unauthorized copy of a microfilm strip containing images of the documents in 1966, and published them as Joseph Smith's Egyptian Alphabet & Grammar. This publication was criticized in a BYU Studies article by Hugh Nibley in 1971 because it did not contain all of the manuscripts, and included no critical apparatus to aid readers in distinguishing one manuscript from another. Nibley's article included images of ten of the manuscript pages. The Tanner publication was revised and updated by H. Michael Marquardt in 1981. Marquardt added a critical apparatus and some interpretive material. A new critical edition of the Book of Abraham manuscripts by Brian M. Hauglid appeared in 2011, with a second volume planned to publish the remainder of the KEP.
On October 29, 2018, the Joseph Smith Papers project released all existing documents relating to the creation of the Book of Abraham, including high resolution images of all the Egyptian Papyri, KEPs, and Nauvoo papers.
See also
Reformed Egyptian
Book of Abraham
Criticism of the Book of Abraham
Joseph Smith Hypocephalus
The Joseph Smith Papers
Joseph Smith Papyri
Kolob
Notes
External links
The Egyptian Alphabet from The Joseph Smith Papers (accessed December 17, 2016)
Book of Abraham manuscript materials from The Joseph Smith Papers (accessed December 17, 2016)
Pearl of Great Price (Mormonism)
Criticism of Mormonism
Works by Joseph Smith
Latter Day Saint movement in Ohio
Kirtland, Ohio
Book of Abraham
Shashank Vyas (born 30 November 1986) is an Indian actor and model known for playing Jagya in Balika Vadhu and Roop in Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop.
Early life
Shashank Vyas was born on 30 November 1986 to Vikas and Geeta Vyas in a Pushkarna Brahman family in Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh. They graduated from Maharaja Ranjit Singh College, Indore and started studying for MBA entrance exams. Later they pursued their acting career upon the encouragement of a friend.
Career
Vyas made their debut in 2010 with the role of Jagdish "Jagya" Singh in Colors TV's Balika Vadhu. In 2016, they played Captain Ravish Vashisht in Star Plus's Jaana Na Dil Se Door. From 2018 to 2019, they portrayed Roopendra "Roop" Singh Vaghela in Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop.
Filmography
Films
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1986 births
Indian male television actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
21st-century Indian male actors
Male actors from Madhya Pradesh
Indian male soap opera actors
Living people
People from Ujjain
Garmkhan (, also Romanized as Garmkhān, Garm Khān and Garma Khān) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 310, in 77 families.
References
Populated places in Bojnord County
The following is a list of districts and sub-districts in Badung Regency. Badung Regency comprises 6 districts, 16 sub-districts, and 46 villages. In 2022, the population was estimated at 549,251, with an area of 418.522 km² and a density of 1,312 people/km².
List of districts and sub-districts in Badung Regency as follows:
References
See also
List of districts of Indonesia
List of districts of Bali
Subdivisions of Indonesia
External links
Official Website Statistical Bureau of Badung Regency
Official Website Bali Province
Official Website Badung Regency
Badung Regency
Badung Regency
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1646.
Events
March 24 – The King's Men petition Parliament for three-and-a-half years' back pay, even though the London theatres officially remained closed through the middle 1640s. No details of their activities in these years survive.
May 5 – Martin Llewellyn's drama The King Found at Southwell is performed at Oxford; it is the last stage piece presented in the city before its surrender to Parliamentary forces in the English Civil War on June 22–24.
July – John Lilburne is placed in the Tower of London for denouncing their former commander the Earl of Manchester as a traitor.
September 6 – The Biblioteca Palafoxiana is established in Puebla, Mexico, through the donation of books by Bishop Juan de Palafox y Mendoza, perhaps the earliest public library in the American colonies.
unknown dates
Henry Burkhead's closet drama Cola's Fury, or Lirenda's Misery, based on the Irish Rebellion of 1641 ("Lirenda" is an anagram), is published in Kilkenny (dated 1645). Burkhead presents the historical persons involved under pseudonyms: among others, the Earl of Ormonde as "Osiris" and Sir John Borlase as "Berosus".
Jacqueline Pascal is converted to Jansenism, under the influence of their brother, Blaise Pascal.
New books
Prose
Anonymous (John Lilburne?) – London's Liberty in Chains Discovered
Anonymous (John Lilburne?) – Vox Plebis, or the People's Outcry
Sir Thomas Browne Pseudodoxia Epidemica or Vulgar Errors
Thomas Fuller – Andronicus or the Unfortunate Politician
Sir John Suckling – An Account of Religion by Reason published
Vida y hechos de Estebanillo González
Baltasar Gracián – El discreto
Diego de Saavedra Fajardo – Corona gótica, castellana y austríaca
Children
John Cotton – Spiritual Milk for Boston Babes
Drama
Pierre Corneille – Théodore
Jean de Rotrou
Célie
Le Veritable Saint Genest
James Shirley – The Triumph of Beauty (masque)
Sir John Suckling – Fragmenta Aurea, collected plays, including The Sad One (unfinished)
Poetry
Richard Crashaw – Steps to the Temple
Martin Lluelyn – Men-Miracles
John Milton – Poems of Mr. John Milton, Both English and Latin, compos'd at several times (dated 1645, published early 1646)
Francis Quarles – The Shepherds' Oracle
James Shirley – Poems
Henry Vaughan – Poems, with the Tenth Satire of Juvenal Englished
Births
March 19 – Michael Kongehl, German poet (died 1710)
July 1 – Gottfried Leibniz, German mathematician and philosopher (died 1716)
July 20 – Eusèbe Renaudot, French theologian and orientalist (died 1720)
Probable – John Mason, English poet, cleric and hymnist (died 1694)
Deaths
August 19 – Alexander Henderson, Scottish theologian (born c. 1583)
September 17 – Erycius Puteanus, Netherlandish philologist and encyclopedist (born 1574)
October 23 – David Wedderburn, Scottish educationist and schoolbook author (born 1580)
December 23 – François Maynard, French poet (born c. 1582)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
George Home may refer to:
George Home, 4th Lord Home (died 1549), Scottish nobleman
George Home (Comptroller of Scotland) (1552–1615), Comptroller of the Scottish Exchequer
George Home, 1st Earl of Dunbar (c. 1556–1611)
Sir George Home, 7th Baronet (died 1803)
See also
George Hume (disambiguation)
Macroderma godthelpi is a species of bat known from fossil material found in Australia, one of the larger carnivorous megadermatid family of the order Chiroptera. They resembled the modern species Macroderma gigas, known as a false vampire or ghost bat, although significantly smaller than any other species of Macroderma.
Taxonomy
The description of Macroderma godthelpi was published in 1985 by the palaeontologist Suzanne Hand, separating Miocene fossil material discovered at the Riversleigh World Heritage Area as a new species of Macroderma.
The type material was selected from Gag site at Riversleigh, which were examined with other specimens obtained at a nearby named as the Microsite. The holotype is part of a right maxillary, still retaining several of the bat's teeth.
The specific epithet honour a fellow researcher of the author, Henk Godthelp, who had noticed the first evidence of the fossil deposits containing the diverse and numerous bats that would be discovered at Riversleigh.
Description
A species of the family Megadermatidae, predators with dentition that assists in the capture and consumption of insects or vertebrate animals.
Distribution
Macroderma godthelpi was discovered in an area of northwest Queensland that was dominated by rainforest during the early Miocene, overlying a karst system that provided roosting opportunities for a diverse array of bat species. The Riversleigh fauna is represented by megadermatid species and others of the order Chiroptera, often creating well preserved fossil depositions at the floor of limestone caves. The sites of former bat eyries at Riversleigh included the remains of themselves and prey selected from the local fauna, with butchered parts and defecated fragments becoming preserved in conditions ideal for fossilisation.
A depiction of the species by Peter Schouten was published in 1983, two years before the formal description. The illustration gave a reconstruction of the animal, based on the ongoing research into fossil specimens, that showed it clasping a small bird, a passerine species of the Riversleigh fauna whose remains have been found beneath their feeding roost.
References
Megadermatidae
Species described in 1985
Bats of Australia
Ferrol Diario was a Galician newspaper founded in Ferrol, Spain, sometime in the late 1950s and very early 1960s. It did not survive the turbulent and difficult years of the early 1980s, which were marked with a huge recession in the shipbuilding sector affecting Ferrol considerably.
See also
El Diario de Ferrol
El Correo Gallego
External links
El Ferrol's Outer-Port plans of the early 1990s started to be implemented with the dawn of the new century.
The 1980s shipbuilding crisis together with other factors made El Ferrol's economy to fall almost vertically towards the abyss
Picture of the “Plaza de España” in El Ferrol with the equestrian statue of General Francisco Franco
Views of El Ferrol del Caudillo during the 1960s (Note: El Ferrol lost its title of “del Caudillo” during the 1980s)
Defunct newspapers published in Spain
Mass media in Ferrol, Spain
Publications with year of establishment missing
Publications with year of disestablishment missing
Spanish-language newspapers
Mount Zion Missionary Baptist Church is a national historic site located at 528 West Jackson Street, Pensacola, Florida in Escambia County. It is the second oldest black Baptist church in Pensacola. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 24, 2013.
History
In 1880, the Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church broke away from the John the Baptist Church over a philosophical dispute. Reverend H.E. Jones led a campaign to construct a new church and enlisted Wallace Rayfield to design it. In 1944 and 1945, the church's Reverend R.A. Cromwell successfully challenged the all-white Democratic primary in Florida.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Escambia County, Florida
Bachhowal is a medium-size village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of Punjab State, India. It is located 9.5 km away from Goraya, 43 km from Jalandhar and 117 km from state capital Chandigarh. Bachhowal has postal head office in Bara Pind which is 10 km away from the village. The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj (India).
Caste
The village has schedule caste (SC) constitutes 53.06% of total population of the village and it doesn't have any Schedule Tribe (ST) population.
Education
The village has a Punjabi Medium, Co-educational Primary school (Pri Bachhowal School). The school provide mid-day meal as per Indian Midday Meal Scheme and the meal prepared in school premises. The school was founded in 1970.
Transport
Rail
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station however, Bhatian Railway Station is 6 km away from the village.
Air
The nearest domestic airport is located 37.5 km away in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is 136 km away in Amritsar.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
The Chinchaga fire, also known as the Wisp fire, Chinchaga River fire and Fire 19, was a forest fire that burned in northern British Columbia and Alberta in the summer and early fall of 1950. With a final size of between and , it is the single largest recorded fire in North American history. The authorities allowed the fire to burn freely, following local forest management policy considering the lack of settlements in the region. The Chinchaga fire produced large amounts of smoke, creating the “1950 Great Smoke Pall”, observed across eastern North America and Europe. As the existence of the massive fire was not well-publicized, and the smoke was mostly in the upper atmosphere and could not be smelled, there was much speculation about the atmospheric haze and its provenance. The Chinchaga firestorm's “historic smoke pall” caused “observations of blue suns and moons in the United States and Europe”. It was the biggest firestorm documented in North America, and created the world's largest smoke layer in the atmosphere."
Background and cause
The region has a mix of black spruce, lodgepole pine and deciduous forests, giving way to muskeg in lower areas. Few people lived in the area in 1950.
Sources vary as to the origin of the fire but agree that it was caused by human activity. One version faults an Imperial Oil surveying crew with starting a small blaze to protect their horses from biting insects. Another posits that slash burning from agricultural clearing could have been the initial spark.
The blaze started on 1 June 1950 and continued to burn throughout the summer and early fall until the end of October. The ignition point was north of Fort St. John, British Columbia, and the fire burned north-eastwards nearly to Keg River, Alberta.
The burn
The path and extent of the burn was influenced by weather patterns. It burned in a fan-shaped pattern along a roughly SW/NE axis, starting in the Rose Prairie area. The fire alternated between "runs" of rapid spread and high intensity, interspersed with periods of low activity. A series of high pressure systems over the summer allowed a buildup of heat and dry air, reducing the moisture levels in the forest fuels. The breakdowns of these systems produced the high northeasterly winds that drove the "runs".
There were five "runs" in total, with the final expansion in September 1950 causing the most destruction and amounting to one-third of the total burned area.
It finally was put out by cooler weather and rain in late October, as it approached Keg River in the Whispering River area (hence one of its names "Whisp Fire").
Most of the burned area was on the Alberta side of the inter-provincial border, with only burned on the British Columbia side. Size estimates vary due to its remoteness from population centres and the imprecise measurement techniques of the time period. Estimates at the time ranged from . In 2008 and 2009, researchers with Natural Resources Canada and the University of Victoria conducted airborne surveys of several boreal forest fires, including the Chinchaga. Using polarimetric analysis, they arrived at a final estimate of that was considerably larger than previous estimates, placing the total burned area at . While most likely not the largest fire ever in North America, maybe not even in the North American boreal forest, the burnt area it produced is the largest ever known.
No known deaths occurred as a result of the fire. In terms of damage, the dollar value of the Chinchaga fire is difficult to estimate. Although sparsely inhabited, the area was a productive trapping area for First Nations and Métis. The timber of the Chinchaga River watershed had not been surveyed and was undervalued by the Alberta provincial government, which placed the fire's cost at one million dollars. Cordy Tymstra, an Alberta forestry department fire historian, said it is a "value that reflects how little officials appreciated the wealth of the land."
Fromm et al. (2005) argued that the Chinchaga firestorm may have been an iteration of an explosive troposphere-to-stratosphere transport (TST), "a dynamic combination of extreme boreal forest fire and convection [...]"
Response
No fire suppression efforts were directed at the fire. Fire crews were spread thin because of numerous blazes in B.C., the Yukon Territory and Alberta. At the time, the Alberta forestry department's policy was to respond only to fires within 16 kilometres (10 miles) of settlements and major roads. A request by the fire ranger at Keg River to fight the fire with a ground crew was denied by provincial fire managers. According to Tymstra, the Chinchaga fire changed the way Alberta responded to forest fires.
Local residents, such as Frank Jackson, the husband of legendary pioneer doctor Mary Percy Jackson, did what they could but the fire only stalled with the coming of autumn precipitation.
"The Great Smoke Pall"
The Chinchaga fire produced large amounts of smoke, creating the "1950 Great Smoke Pall", observed across eastern North America and Europe. The giant smoke release from the conflagration in late September 1950 was first recorded at Ennadai Lake, in what is now Nunavut, on 24 September. The smoke was on a northeastern path, but hit an atmospheric trough and headed southward towards Ontario and the American eastern seaboard.
The province of Ontario experienced heavy smoke conditions that caused pitch darkness. The towns of Sarnia and Guelph experienced three-hour midday periods of darkness, and city of Toronto streetlights turned on by themselves, and drivers resorted to automobile headlights during daytime hours. In Toronto, power consumption increased by 200,000 kWh during the smoke event. This caused power failures which in turn set off bank alarms – responding police cars, sirens pealing, added to the tension of the day. Aircraft were grounded, and an aerial search for a downed United States military plane was delayed by the smoke. Animals also felt the effects; cows required milking at different times, and birds were seen bedding down midday. Beneficially, the smoke blanket held off a killing frost that was expected in southern Ontario, saving the orchards.
Most of the smoke in eastern North America was borne aloft by climatic conditions to high altitudes. As many observers could not smell it, and the news of the massive Chinchaga fire was sparse, affected people drew other conclusions about its source. Explanations included nuclear armageddon, local fires, secret U.S. military experiments, U.S. atomic blast, supernatural forces, a solar eclipse and alien invasion.
The heavy haze moved on to the Atlantic seaboard of the United States. New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Washington D.C., Virginia and Florida all reported effects from the fire, especially on September 24, so-called "Black Sunday". As in Ontario, streetlights turned on during the daytime, and animals showed abnormal behaviour.
American meteorologist Harry Wexler followed the smoke plume closely, collecting data from a wide area of the U.S. They noted that the plume split in two during the event, with one southern plume getting caught in a stagnant anticyclonic pattern that extended the hazy period. Wexler observed lower temperatures as result of sunlight absorption by the smoke; they estimated a 4 °C (6 °F) drop in the Washington, D.C., area.
The northern smoke plume traveled over the Atlantic by way of Newfoundland and Greenland. On 27 September 1950, the plume was observed over Scotland, with reports over England following soon after. France, the Netherlands, Portugal and Denmark also observed the plume. Reports by pilots put the haze over Europe at or more in altitude, higher than observed in North America. In early October, a smoke observation was made on the Aleutian Islands, suggesting that the Chinchaga haze had possibly circled the entire globe.
See also
List of fires in Canada
List of wildfires
Footnotes
References
1950
Disasters in British Columbia
Disasters in Alberta
1950 in Canada
1950 in Alberta
1950 in British Columbia
Kisumu All Stars is an association football club based in Kisumu, Kenya. The club currently competes in the Kenyan Premier League.
History
Kisumu All Stars (to 2010)
Kisumu All Stars were promoted to the Premier League in 1998. However, they were expelled from the league after a match-fixing scandal in which they lost a match 10–0. The original Kisumu All Stars were dissolved in 2010 after being administratively relegated from the Kenyan Premier League.
Kisumu All Stars (2018–present)
In 2018, the club were administratively promoted to the second division Kenyan National Super League to replace Palos FC, who had disbanded, effectively taking their place in the league.
The club had financial problems in 2018, leading to a situation where only eight players started a match away in Nairobi, which they lost 2–0. However, the club survived relegation, and received a Ksh1m boost from Silverstone Air for the 2019 season.
Kisumu finished in second place in the 2018–19 Kenyan National Super League season to earn promotion to the Kenyan top flight, beating out Nairobi Stima on goal difference.
The 2019–20 top flight side had new kits purchased for them by their sponsor, the Kisumu government.
References
Kenyan National Super League clubs
Kenyan Premier League clubs
Football clubs in Kenya
Yvan Dutil, born April 6, 1970, is a Canadian astrophysicist.  They are a member of the Bioastronomy Commission of the International Astronomical Union and of the International Academy of Astronautics's Permanent Committee on the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI). They and colleague Stéphane Dumas, created a noise-resistant coding system for messages aimed at communicating with extraterrestrial civilization. This system was used in the creation of messages beamed towards close stars from the Yevpatoria RT-70 radio telescope in Ukraine in 1999 and 2003.
Dutil was a candidate for the Green Party of Quebec in the Quebec election of September 2008, and for the Green Party of Canada in the Canadian federal election of 2011.  They are active in fighting light pollution in Québec and advocates for the creation of a Dark Sky preserve around Mont Mégantic Observatory.
Their areas of interest include astronomy, voting system reform, light pollution, and sustainable development.
Bibliography
SETI
Lincos with Dr. Yvan Dutil
Lexique du Cosmic Call
Error Correction Scheme in Active Seti
Social Choice and Equity Theories: Seeking to Common Good as a Common Ground
Light Pollution
Qui a volé les étoiles ?
Éclairage Nocturne et Pollution Lumineuse, Mémoire Ville de Québec
Plan de protection du ciel noir, Document d'information produit pour la conférence régionale des élus de Chaudière-Appalaches
Voting System Reform
Pour une meilleure démocracie: Notion d'ingénierie électorale
Others
Une crise énergétique annoncée, Les Choix et le Défi du Québec à l'horizon 2025
L'astronomie Québécoise d'hier à aujourd'hui
External links
Personal web site
Autobiographie
Site SETI Actif
Velomobile World Market 2006
(Translated from the French Wikipedia article of the same name)
21st-century Canadian astronomers
Interstellar messages
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Université Laval alumni
Maeve Anna Higgins (born 24 March 1981) is an Irish comedian from Cobh, County Cork and based in New York. They were a principal actor and writer of the RTÉ production Naked Camera, as well as for their own show Maeve Higgins' Fancy Vittles. Them book of essays We Have A Good Time, Don't We? was published by Hachette in 2012. They wrote for The Irish Times and produces radio documentaries. They previously appeared on The Ray D'Arcy Show on Today FM.  They are a regular panelist on the NPR show Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! Higgins appeared in their first starring film role in the 2019 Irish comedy Extra Ordinary.
Career
Higgins started up in comedy in 2005 and has written and performed at many festivals and shows. They began their comedy career on national radio station Today FM after auditioning on The Ray D'Arcy Show in February 2004. They failed to win.
From 2005 to 2007 they took part in the hidden camera show Naked Camera with fellow comedian and friend P. J. Gallagher. They landed their own television show, Maeve Higgins' Fancy Vittles, in 2009. Since 2010 they have occasionally been performing with Josie Long and Isy Suttie.
2006
‘Ha Ha Yum' with sister, Lilly, at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe
2007
‘Slightly Amazing' at the Adelaide Fringe Festival
‘My News' at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe
2008
‘Ha Ha Yum' with Claudia O'Doherty at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival
‘Kitten Brides' at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe
‘I Can't Sleep', a children's play written by David O'Doherty. Higgins performed this skit with O'Doherty at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
2009
‘Kitten Brides' at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival
‘I Can't Sleep' at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival
‘Kitten Brides' at the New Zealand International Comedy Festival
2010
'A Rare Sight' at the Brisbane Comedy Festival and Melbourne International Comedy Festival. Performed with Nick Coyle.
'A Rare Sight' at the New Zealand International Comedy Festival. Nick Coyle could not attend due to surgery on shoulder.
'Personal Best' at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival
Film
2019: Extra Ordinary – Rose Dooley
Television
As themselves
2008: Spicks and Specks (TV series)
2005, 2006: Tubridy Tonight
2009: The Podge and Rodge Show
2009: Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation
2009: The Modest Adventures of David O'Doherty
2009: Maeve Higgins' Fancy Vittles
2015: StarTalk with "Neil deGrasse Tyson"
Acting work
2005–2007: Naked Camera – Various characters
2006: Magic – Chloe
2012: Moone Boy
2015: Inside Amy Schumer
2016: Doc McStuffins - Gillian
2019: Extra Ordinary - Rose Dooley
As writer
2005–2007: Naked Camera
2009: Maeve Higgins' Fancy Vittles
2012: We Have A Good Time, Don't We?
2022: Tell Everyone on This Train I Love Them
Books
2018: Maeve in America
Radio
'What Would Maeve Do?' on The Ray D'Arcy Show
2016: The Unbelievable Truth (Series 16, Episodes 3 & 6)
2018–present: Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me
2018: Everything Is Alive
Podcast
2018-present: Mothers of Invention
"Assistance dog" controversy
Higgins received widespread criticism from disability campaigners when they revealed on 30 March 2018 on the Irish Late Late Show that they purchased a service dog vest on Amazon and pretended that their pet dog was a service dog during a trans-Atlantic flight. They have apologized for their actions.
References
External links
Living people
1981 births
Irish expatriates in the United States
Irish television actores
Irish television personalities
Irish women comedians
People from Cobh
Radio personalities from the Republic of Ireland
The Ray D'Arcy Show
Dunje is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It used to be part of the former municipality of Vitolište.
During the ancient times it was the settlement Dostoneoi ().
Demographics
Dunje appears in 15th century Ottoman defters as a village in the nahiyah of Mariovo. Among its inhabitants, a certain Dimitri Arbanas is recorded as a household head. The name Arbanas, is a medieval rendering for Albanian, indicating an Albanian presence in the village.
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 77 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 77
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Agonum emarginatum is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily, that can be found in all European countries except for Andorra, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Malta, Monaco, Portugal, and Vatican City.
References
External links
Agonum emarginatum on Micro Pics
Beetles described in 1827
Beetles of Europe
emarginatum
Beesley's lark (Chersomanes beesleyi) is a species of lark in the family Alaudidae. It was formerly considered to be a subspecies of the spike-heeled lark.
It is found north-eastern Tanzania. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
References
Beesley's lark
Endemic birds of Tanzania
Beesley's lark
Beesley's lark
The rufous-lored tyrannulet (Phylloscartes flaviventris) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in the Venezuelan Coastal Range. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Further reading
rufous-lored tyrannulet
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
rufous-lored tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The ribbon competition for rhythmic gymnastics at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines was held from 6 to 7 December 2019 at Rizal Memorial Coliseum.
Schedule
All times are Philippine Standard Time (UTC+8).
Results
Qualification
Final
Source:
References
Ribbon
Church Slavonic was the main language used for administrative (until the 16th century) and liturgical purposes (until the 17th century) by the Romanian principalities, being still occasionally used in the Orthodox Church until the early 18th century.
Characteristics
The language, while based on Church Slavonic, was influenced by the Slavic languages used by surrounding peoples. The most important influences were from Middle and Modern Bulgarian, with some smaller influences from Serbian (in Wallachia) and Russian (in Moldavia). Starting with the 15th century, the language was also influenced by Romanian language.
Usage
After the Slavic migrations, Slavonic became the liturgical language of the Eastern Orthodox Church in present-day Romania, under the influence of the South Slavic feudal states. The exact timing of this change happened is not known, but it was probably in the 10th century. While the language was not understood by most Romanians, it was a language known by the bishops, the monks, some of the priests, the clerks, the merchants, the boyars and the Prince.
Church Slavonic was also used as a literary language, for example in chronicles, story-books, law codexes (known as pravila), property documents (hrisov), decrees of the voivodes or boyars, diplomatic correspondence and sometimes even in private letters. It also led to an integration of the written Romanian culture into the Slavic culture of the neighbours.
Replacement with Romanian
The earliest contracts (zapis) to be written in Romanian rather than Slavonic date from 1575 to 1590 and by 1655–1660, all the administrative documents at the Princely Courts of both Wallachia and Moldavia were written in Romanian.
The replacement of Slavonic religious texts with Romanian versions began with the first translations in Máramaros (now Maramureș) in the late 15th century, further translations being created in Transylvania after the Protestant Reformation. In Wallachia, the gospels were translated into the vernacular between 1512 and 1518, and by the middle of the 16th century, the earliest religious works were printed, while the first complete bible in Romanian was printed in Bucharest in 1688.
Nevertheless, the Orthodox Church opposed the changes and the Metropolitan printing presses continued to print Church Slavonic books until 1731 in Moldavia and 1745 in Wallachia.
Legacy and assessments
Coresi, the printer of the first Romanian-language book, saw in 1564 no good in the usage of Church Slavonic as a liturgical language, as the priests speak to the people in a foreign language, arguing that all the other peoples have the word of God in their language, except for the Romanians. Dimitrie Cantemir, a Moldavian scholar who published the first novel in Romanian, saw the usage of Church Slavonic as a "barbarism", which caused a cultural regression.
However, there were some cultural accomplishments done in the Church Slavonic language, such as a number of chronicles and historiographical works in Moldavia or Neagoe Basarab's Teachings to their son Theodosie.
See also
Slavic influence on Romanian
Notes
References
V. Costăchel, P. P. Panaitescu, A. Cazacu. (1957) Viaţa feudală în Ţara Românească şi Moldova (secolele XIV–XVI) ("Feudal life in the Romanian and Moldovan Land (14th–16th centuries)", București, Editura Ştiinţifică
Vlad Georgescu. (1991) The Romanians: a history, Ohio State University Press.
History of Christianity in Romania
Languages of Romania
Romania
Romanian Orthodox Church
Gillis van Coninxloo (now also referred to as Gillis van Coninxloo II but previously referred to as Gillis van Coninxloo III) (24 January 1544 – January 1607) was a Flemish painter of landscapes who played an important role in the development of Northern landscape art at the turn of the 17th century. They spent the last 20 years of their life abroad, first in Germany and later in the Dutch Republic.
Life
They were born in Antwerp and studied under Pieter Coecke van Aelst, Lenaert Kroes and Gillis Mostaert. They travelled in France after completing their training. They became a member of the Antwerp Guild of Saint Luke in 1570 and worked in Antwerp until 1585 when Antwerp fell to the Spanish. They left first for Middelburg and then in 1587 for Frankenthal where they were active until 1595. They then moved to Amsterdam where they died in 1607.
They had many pupils including Pieter Brueghel the Younger, Govert Govertsz van Arnhem, Willem van den Bundel, Gillis van Coninxloo III, Jonas van Merle, Hercules Seghers and Jacques van der Wijen.
Work
Coninxloo ranks as one of the most important Flemish landscape painters of around the turn of the 17th century. They exercised a strong influence on Jan Brueghel the Elder, Pieter Schoubroeck, Roelandt Savery, and other Flemish and Dutch landscape painters of this period.
Their early landscapes were often Northern Mannerist versions of the established world landscape type, though with close views of trees already narrowing the panoramic view. Beginning in the 1590s Coninxloo introduced a new approach into Flemish landscape painting, with close-up views of forests reminiscent of Albrecht Altdorfer and the Danube school nearly a century earlier and almost or entirely shutting out a distant view. While earlier forest landscapes had used forests as the backdrop for human activity, van Coninxloo turned them into the subject proper by submerging tiny human figures in elaborate compositions of trees on a hugely exaggerated scale. A Forest Landscape of 1598 in the Liechtenstein Collection is the first work to take this approach to its extreme: the sky is only visible in a few patches between branches and a single tiny human figure reclines under a tree. This painting achieves great intensity and atmospheric quality through its fine shades of brown and green and its accentuated handling of light.
During their stay in Frankenthal from 1588 to 1595, they influenced several better known Flemish émigré landscape painters, who are now collectively referred to as the 'Frankenthal School'. The early 17th century art historian Karel van Mander wrote about Coninxloo in their Schilder-boeck. Van Mander stated that Coninxloo's teacher Pieter Coeke van Aelst was their cousin, and that I know at this time of no better landscape painter, and I notice that they are following their manner very much in Holland.
The influence of their work spread in Holland by means of their designs for large-scale prints, mainly engraved by Flemish émigré printmakers Nicolaes de Bruyn and Jan van Londerseel who published in the Dutch Republic.
Works
Some of their paintings are:
"The Judgment of Midas" (Dresden)
"Latona" (Hermitage, St. Petersburg)
"Landscape with Venus and Adonis" (Frankenthal)
"Landscape with Duck Hunters" (Saarland Museum, Saarbrücken)
Notes
References
Sutton, Peter C., ed. (1987). Masters of 17th-century Dutch Landscape Painting. Boston: Museum of Fine Arts.
Vlieghe, H. (1998). Flemish art and architecture, 1585-1700. Yale University Press Pelican history of art. New Haven: Yale University Press.
External links
Web Gallery of Art: Biography of Gillis van Coninxloo
Web Gallery of Art: Paintings by Gillis van Coninxloo
Gillis van Coninxloo on ArtcyclopediaPieter Bruegel the Elder: Drawings and Prints'', a full text exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which includes material on Gillis van Coninxloo (see index)
1544 births
1607 deaths
Flemish Mannerist painters
Flemish landscape painters
Painters from Antwerp
The 1969 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1969 NCAA University Division football season. In its 11th season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled an 8–2 record (4–0 against conference opponents), won the MVC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 328 to 191. The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Danny Pierce with 1,049 passing yards, Paul Gowen with 715 rushing yards, Frank Blackwell with 591 receiving yards, and Jay McCoy with 48 points scored.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Missouri Valley Conference football champion seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Johnson Broadcasting, Inc was a privately owned television broadcasting firm based in Houston, Texas. The company was founded, owned and operated by Douglas R. Johnson (this is not the same Doug Johnson, who was the late former weathercaster with NBC affiliate KPRC Channel 2 in Houston, Texas).
Company Troubles
On October 16, 2008; Douglas Johnson and this company filed for voluntary Chapter 11 bankruptcy due to Douglas's Ex Wife Melanie Churella Johnson of Houston, TX.
Johnson Broadcasting continues to run as a debtor in possession and two TV stations remain on the air.
In October 2009, it was announced that Johnson Broadcasting may be forced to sell KLDT and KNWS to Una Vez Más Holdings, LLC. The sale of these stations to Una Vez Más was approved by the bankruptcy court on December 29, 2009 and has finally received FCC approval September 27, 2010 after the FCC rejected a petition to deny the sale made by Spanish Broadcasting System. The call letters for both KLDT and KNWS were respectively changed to KAZD and KYAZ.
In 2014, Una Vez Mas' TV assets were then sold to Northstar Media, LLC. In turn, HC2 Holdings acquired Northstar Media in addition to Azteca América on November 29, 2017, making KAZD and KYAZ Azteca owned-and-operated stations. On October 28, 2020 HC2 Holdings Unit sold KAZD and KYAZ to Weigel Broadcasting. The sale was completed on December 29 and Weigel converted both stations to MeTV owned-and-operated stations on March 29, 2021; both stations retain affiliation with Azteca America via their third digital subchannels. KAZD moved MeTV to KAZD-DT2 and began a simulcast of Spectrum News 1 on KAZD-DT1 in July 15, 2022.
Former Stations
References
Defunct broadcasting companies of the United States
Companies based in Houston
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2008
1890 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Harvard Crimson
Non-college amateur championships
Western Pennsylvania champions – Allegheny Athletic Association
Events
11 October — Western University of Pennsylvania (later renamed the University of Pittsburgh) played its first ever football game in a 38–0 loss to the Allegheny Athletic Association, which was held at Exposition Park.
15 November — The Colorado Buffaloes play their first football game against the Denver Athletic Club.
22 November — College football is first played in the state of Kansas at the 1890 Kansas vs. Baker football game
29 November — The first Army–Navy Game is played. Navy wins 24–0.
Association football
England
The Football League – Preston North End 33 points, Everton 31, Blackburn Rovers 27, Wolves 25, West Bromwich Albion 25, Accrington FC 24
FA Cup final – Blackburn Rovers 6–1 The Wednesday at The Oval
For the 1890–91 Football League season, Stoke FC is expelled and replaced by Sunderland FC who will remain in the top flight continuously until 1958, a record of 68 seasons that only Arsenal's current run (since 1919) has beaten.
Middlesbrough FC is split by a dispute over whether to turn professional or not. A breakaway group, who favour professionalism, form a new club called Middlesbrough Ironopolis which joins the Football League in 1893 but becomes bankrupt after only one season. Middlesbrough FC eventually turns professional in 1899 and is elected to the Football League at that time.
France
Formation of the Union des Sociétés Françaises de Sports Athlétiques (USFSA), the principal governing body of football in France until 1919 when it is superseded by the Fédération Française de Football (FFF).
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Queen's Park 2–1 Vale of Leven (replay following 1–1 draw)
The Scottish Football League (SFL) is founded as one division of 10 teams. Founder members are Abercorn, Cambuslang, Celtic, Cowlairs, Dumbarton, Hearts, Rangers, St Mirren, Third Lanark and Vale of Leven.
Spain
Sevilla FC, officially founded on January 25.
Baseball
National championship
National League v. American Association – Louisville Colonels (AA) ties Brooklyn Dodgers (NL) three games each.
Events
The Players' League, initiated by the players' union, competes with the National League and American Association. It signs numerous leading players and is arguably the strongest league, but it survives for only one season.
Boxing
Events
10 July — death by tuberculosis of Paddy Duffy, the reigning World Welterweight Champion. The title remains vacant until 1892.
The inaugural World Featherweight Champion is Torpedo Billy Murphy of New Zealand who is recognised following their 14th-round knockout of Ike Weir at San Francisco on 13 January. Murphy is defeated by Young Griffo of Australia on 2 September at Sydney. Griffo retains the title until 1892 when they step up to the lightweight division. The featherweight division is for fighters weighing between 118 and 126 lb, although the limit fluctuates somewhat in the division's early days.
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – John L. Sullivan
World Middleweight Championship – Jack Nonpareil Dempsey
World Welterweight Championship – Paddy Duffy → title vacant following death of Paddy Duffy
World Lightweight Championship – Jack McAuliffe
World Featherweight Championship – Torpedo Billy Murphy → Young Griffo
Cricket
Events
In South Africa, the inaugural Currie Cup is won by Transvaal
The 1890 English cricket season is the first in which the County Championship is held officially. The champion county is Surrey who win nine out of fourteen games.
England, captained by W. G. Grace, win The Ashes 2–0. One Test match is abandoned.
England
County Championship – Surrey
Most runs – William Gunn 1,621 @ 34.48 (HS 228)
Most wickets – George Lohmann 220 @ 13.62 (BB 8–65)
Wisden Five Great Wicket-Keepers – Jack Blackham, Gregor MacGregor, Dick Pilling, Mordecai Sherwin, Henry Wood
Australia
Most runs – Jack Lyons 254 @ 63.50 (HS 134)
Most wickets – Hugh Trumble 29 @ 14.20 (BB 8–110)
South Africa
Currie Cup – Transvaal
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – John Ball
Other tournaments
British Amateur – John Ball
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Ilex
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Semolina
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Surefoot
The Derby – Sainfoin
The Oaks – Memoir
St. Leger Stakes – Memoir
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Carbine
Canada
Queen's Plate – Kitestring
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Greek Girl
Irish Derby Stakes – Kentish Fire
USA
Kentucky Derby – Riley
Preakness Stakes – Montague
Belmont Stakes – Burlington
Ice hockey
Events
4 March 4 — the Montreal Hockey Club defeats the Montreal Victorias 2–1 to retain the 1890 AHAC season title.
19 November 19 — the Ottawa City Hockey League is founded to administer ice hockey in the area of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
27 November 27 — the Ontario Hockey Association is founded to administer ice hockey in Ontario, Canada.
Lacrosse
Events
The first ever women's lacrosse game is played at the St Leonards School in Scotland.
Rowing
The Boat Race
26 March — Oxford wins the 47th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
The 8th series is contested by England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales. England and Scotland share the title with two wins apiece.
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – Willoughby Hamilton (GB) defeats William Renshaw (GB) 6–8 6–2 3–6 6–1 6–1
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Lena Rice (GB) defeats May Jacks (GB) 6–4 6–1
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Oliver Campbell (USA) defeats Henry Slocum (USA) 6–2 4–6 6–3 6–1
American Women's Singles Championship – Ellen Roosevelt (USA) defeats Bertha Townsend (USA) 6–2 6–2
References
Sports by year
Pakistan sent a delegation to contest at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, from February 9 to 25, 2018. This was Pakistan's third appearance at a Winter Olympic Games. The Pakistani delegation consisted of two athletes: alpine skier Muhammad Karim and cross-country skier Syed Human. As of the close of these Olympics, Pakistan has yet to win a Winter Olympics medal.
Background
The first ski resort in Pakistan was opened in 1958, in the Naltar Valley. It was originally for air force pilots to train, but later opened up to civilians. The Ski Federation of Pakistan was founded in 1990. The 2010 Olympic Games was Pakistan's debut at the Winter Olympics. They first participated at the Summer Olympics in the 1948 Games, and won their first Summer Olympics medal in 1956. Karim was chosen as the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony, and the closing ceremony.
Alpine skiing
Pakistan qualified one male athlete for alpine skiing, Muhammad Karim. This was Karim's second Winter Olympics, their first was the 2014 Olympics in Sochi. They said they were not able to train much in Pakistan due to a lack of snow. In the giant slalom, they finished the first run in 1:27.53 and the second in 1:26.51, for a total time of 2:54.04. They placed 72nd overall, out of 119 competitors (34 athletes did not finish).
Karim also competed in the slalom event, the first Pakistani to do so at the Olympics. During the race, Karim's skis passed on the wrong side of a gate and they were disqualified from the event. After the race they said, "It's so embarrassing for me. I'm so sad about that. Such bad luck."
Cross-country skiing
Pakistan qualified one male cross-country skier, Syed Human. This marked the country's debut in the sport at the Winter Olympics. Human is Kirim's nephew. They gave them advice on training and staying calm during the international competition.
Human is in the Pakistani army in addition to their participation on the national skiing team. The Ski Federation of Pakistan founded a school in their village, the same place Kirim is from. They began training internationally around 2010 and 2011. For these Olympics, Human spent time training in Turkey and Finland, and also traveled to Korea prior to the event. They competed in the men's 15 km freestyle cross-country race. Human finished with a time of 45:19.1, placing 108th in the competition.
Distance
See also
Pakistan at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Pakistan at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Pakistan at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
References
Nations at the 2018 Winter Olympics
2018
2018 in Pakistani sport
Paroedura stumpffi is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Madagascar.
Etymology
The specific name, stumpffi, is in honor of Anton Stumpff who collected the holotype.
Geographic range
P. stumpffi is found in northern Madagascar, including associated islands Nosy Be, Nosy Komba, and Nosy Mitsio.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of P. stumpffi is forest, at altitudes of .
Reproduction
P. stumpffi is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Böttger O (1879). "Diagnosen zweier neuer Amphibien aus Madagascar ". Berichte über die Senckenbergische naturforschende Gesellschaft in Frankfurt am Main 1878–1879: 85–86. (Phyllodactylus stumpffi, new species, p. 85). (title in German, text in Latin).
Boulenger GA (1885). Catalogue of the Lizards in the British Museum (Natural History). Second Edition. Volume I. Geckonidæ ... London: Trustees of the British Museum (Natural History). (Taylor and Francis, printers). xii + 436 pp. + Plates I–XXXII. (Phyllodactylus stumpffi, pp. 86–87).
Glaw F, Vences M (2006). A Field Guide to Amphibians and Reptiles of Madagascar, Third Edition. Cologne, Germany: Vences & Glaw Verlag. 496 pp. .
Paroedura
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1879
No Todo Lo Puedes Dar is the third album of Mexican singer and actor Ximena Sariñana.
History
The album was released on .
Track listing
Deluxe Edition
CD 1
CD 2
DVD
References
External links
Ximena Sariñana - Official website of the singer (in Spanish)
2014 albums
Ximena Sariñana albums
Spanish-language albums
Warner Music Latina albums
Barrage was a violin-based, modern worldbeat ensemble based in Calgary, Alberta. The group employed a blend of eclectic violin music with high-energy physical choreography during their performances. They released several albums, and their filmed concert specials were featured on television networks around the world.
Barrage played a diverse mix of material from a wide variety of genres, including Celtic, swing, bluegrass, jazz, rock, calypso, pop, Canadian fiddle and Latin, as well as contemporary versions of traditional material from countries including China, Ukraine, and India.
The group released a statement via Twitter on May 9, 2012 saying that they were suspending their performance and touring schedule indefinitely, effectively disbanding. In November 2015, the producers of Barrage launched a new project called "Barrage8", a string octet that is loosely based on the original Barrage concept.
History
Barrage began as a musical entertainment concept created in Calgary, Alberta in 1996 by musicians Dean Marshall and John Crozman. Together with Jana Wyber, Brian Hanson, and Anthony Moore, they formed Barrage's executive production and creative team, known as "5 to 1 Entertainments". Dean Marshall served as the group's musical director, composer, and arranger.
Barrage originally consisted of seven violinists, along with a four piece backline made up of bass guitar, acoustic/electric guitar, drum set and percussion. In its early days, Barrage's performances concentrated solely on experimenting and exploring new musical ideas. The group initially gained attention for pushing the violin's musical boundaries in their attempts to change the public's general perception, at the time, of what was considered acceptable music to be played using the instrument. The seven violinists began incorporating choreography and several forms of dance into their shows while playing the violin at the same time, thus creating unique visuals to match the various music styles they were performing. Barrage quickly evolved into a hybrid cross between a theatrical music production and a musical ensemble show.
A second cast of Barrage was created by 5 to 1 Entertainments in 2001 and was based in London, England. For a short time, two entirely different casts of Barrage were simultaneously touring and performing the same show in different parts of the world. The two casts were later amalgamated, reverting to a single, eleven-member Canada-based cast.
In 2006, Barrage added a major educational component to their show format and touring schedule, and frequently worked in American schools with their "Energize Your Strings!" program.
Tours
Barrage embarked on three major concert tours during their existence, namely "A Violin Sings, A Fiddle Dances", "Vagabond Tales", and "High Strung". These tours each spanned several years in length, and collectively played to audiences in 27 countries across Asia, Central America, Europe, North America, and Oceania,. The group also frequently toured regionally in North America and Europe using the self-titled "'Barrage" show name.
Barrage occasionally performed as a semi-permanent resident show at Epcot in Walt Disney World Florida, Disneyland and Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim, California, and Chime-Long Paradise in Guangzhou, China.
Media
Barrage released five studio albums, one live album, one greatest hits album and two concert DVDs. It was also the subject of a documentary.
In 1998, Barrage released their first album, Live in Europe, which was recorded live at multiple venues during Barrage's tour of Europe that year. Their self-titled album Barrage, released in 2000, was the group's first studio album. Barrage's second studio album Vagabond Tales was released in 2003 in conjunction with the launch of the group's Vagabond Tales tour, containing many of the songs that were featured in the show. In 2008, Barrage released Scrapbook, the greatest hits album containing popular and well known songs from the group's shows and previous recordings. Also in 2008, Barrage's third studio album High Strung was released, containing music performed by Barrage during their High Strung tour. Winter's Tale was released in 2009 containing a collaboration with Danish vocalist Stig Rossen. In 2011, the group released its last studio album titled Soundtrack of the World.
Barrage released two concert DVDs, The World on Stage (1999) and Vagabond Tales (2003), both of which were broadcast as prime-time concert specials on the PBS network in the United States. A documentary titled Dig a Little Deeper, featuring arrangements of two songs, "Still Falling (For You')" and "Love Is Calling", written by Canadian composer Kevin Hataley, was broadcast in Canada on CBC in 2005. "Still Falling (For You)" was released as a single video produced by Pyramid Productions in 2006.
Cast
Barrage included many different musicians throughout its history, all of whom were selected through worldwide auditions. The musicians came from a variety of musical backgrounds, and many countries--Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, New Zealand, and the United States, and included violinists Miranda Mulholland, Mitchell Grobb, and Kiana Weber.
Discography
Live in Europe (1998), Swath Records
Barrage (2000), Koch Entertainment, The Grapevine Label
Classic Christmas: A Holiday Song Collection (2001), Madacy Entertainment
Vagabond Tales (2003), Swath Records
High Strung (2008), Swath Records
Scrapbook (2008), Swath Records
Winter's Tale (2009), Swath Records
Soundtrack of the World (2012), Swath Records
Filmography
The World on Stage (1999, full-length concert VHS), Madacy 2 Label Group
Vagabond Tales (2003, full-length concert DVD), DPTV Media
Dig A Little Deeper (2005, documentary)
References
Musical groups established in 1996
Musical groups from Calgary
Canadian folk music groups
1996 establishments in Alberta
Worldbeat groups
Spink () is a small village in County Laois, Ireland. It is situated near the Kilkenny border on the R430 regional road. Spink GAA is the local Gaelic Athletic Association club.
Residents from Spink are members of the prominent protest group, "Ratheniska, Timahoe, Spink (RTS) Substation Action Group" who have prevented the Electricity Supply Board from developing the power station in Coolnabacca, Ratheniska in a campaign that has been ongoing since 2009. In 2021, the ESB and the community group "hardened positions", and the ESB advised that if an offer of mediation from ESB and EirGrid, ″is not accepted by 27 August 2021, ESB and EirGrid will have no option but to consider its legal remedies against the Group.″ The group are concerned that the power station will be used to source power for all over the midlands and will have a significant impact on the local area.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Towns and villages in County Laois
Articles on towns and villages in Ireland possibly missing Irish place names
Marián Zeman (born 7 July 1974) is a Slovak former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a central defender. Active at club level in Slovakia, Turkey, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Greece and Portugal, Zeman made over 200 career league appearances.
Career
Born in Bratislava, Zeman played professionally for Slovan Bratislava, İstanbulspor, Vitesse Arnhem, Grasshopper, PAOK and Beira-Mar.
They also earned 27 caps for the Slovak national side between 1994 and 2003, including five FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
References
1974 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
Slovak football managers
Slovakia international footballers
PAOK FC players
ŠK Slovan Bratislava players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
İstanbulspor footballers
SBV Vitesse players
Slovak Super Liga players
Primeira Liga players
Eredivisie players
Super League Greece players
Swiss Super League players
Süper Lig players
Slovak expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Footballers from Bratislava
Association football defenders
Gitta Lind (17 April 1925 – 9 November 1974) was a German singer and film actor.
Lind was born in Trier as Rita Maria Gracher. During their first employment as a singer they changed their name to Gitta Lind, a tribute to Gitta Alpár and Jenny Lind. They were married four times, in their second marriage from 1951 to 1954 to the actor Joachim Fuchsberger. They died in Tutzing and was buried in Trier.
Selected filmography
Hit Parade (1953)
Scandal at the Girls' School (1953)
The Perfect Couple (1954)
Music in the Blood (1955)
My Wife Makes Music (1958)
References
Bibliography
External links
1925 births
1974 deaths
20th-century German actores
German film actores
People from Trier
20th-century German women singers
The Haikou Ring Expressway (), designated as G9801, and G1501 until 2017, was a in Haikou, Hainan, China. Opened on 6 August 2008, it is now part of G98 (Haikou section, connecting the original East-West Expressway). The second phase of the project G9812 (Meilan Airport Interchange-Yanfeng Interchange) was opened to traffic on 21 September 2019.
In July 2022, the G9801 designation was officially removed, along with a number of other ring roads of coastal cities in the NTHS, because Haikou is a coastal city and it would be inefficient to route a brand-new expressway into the sea for no reason.
References
Chinese national-level expressways
Expressways in Hainan
Transport in Hainan
Theodore Duncan Perera, CMG (born 28 May 1895) was a Ceylonese civil servant who served as the Secretary of the Treasury from December 1950 to March 1951 and Deputy High Commissioner for Ceylon in the United Kingdom.
Graduated with a LLB from the University of London, Perera joined the Ceylon Civil Service in August 1919. Following their cadetship in Kurunagala and Jaffna, they served the early part of their career as a police magistrate in several locations of the island. Perera served as the Assistant Controller of Stamps and Assistant Colonial Secretary in the 1920's and in 1931 they were appointed as the Secretary to the first Minister of Agriculture and Lands, D. S. Senanayake. They became the first Cabinet Secretary in 1947, while concurrently serving as the Deputy Secretary to the Treasury and was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 1948 Birthday Honours. They served as the Secretary of the Treasury from December 1950 to March 1951. In May 1953, they were appointed Deputy High Commissioner for Ceylon in the United Kingdom, serving till 1956 and on occasions served as the acting High Commissioner.
References
1895 births
Date of death missing
Permanent secretaries of Sri Lanka
Ceylonese Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Sinhalese civil servants
Sinhalese judges
Magistrates of Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan diplomats
Alumni of the University of London
People of British Ceylon
Ocean Fisheries – Burgas Co was a Bulgarian company founded in 1964 and based in the Black Sea port city of Burgas, whose ocean trawlers and freezer vessels undertook fishing voyages in the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans. The fish was either sold in foreign fishing ports or shipped to Burgas and processed by the fish canning plant of Slavyanka Co.
In particular, ships of the company operated in the waters of South Georgia, Kerguelen, the South Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands and Antarctic Peninsula from 1970 to the early 1990s. Designated onboard teams of marine biologists undertook fisheries research off South Georgia and the South Orkney Islands. Those Bulgarian fishermen, along with those of the Soviet Union, Poland, and East Germany, were pioneers of the modern Antarctic fishing industry. Several dozen geographical features in Antarctica are named in association with the company.
References
Ocean Fisheries – Burgas Co
Lamphua was an ancient city and bishopric in Roman Africa and remains a Latin Catholic titular see.
Its present location is Aïn-Foua, in modern Algeria.
History
Lamphua was important enough in the late Roman province of Numidia to be one of its many suffragan sees, but was to fade.
Titular see
The diocese was nominally restored in 1933 as a titular bishopric (Curiate Italian name variant Lamfua).
It has had the following incumbents, all of the lowest (episcopal) rank :
Luigi Cicuttini (1966.09.07 – 1971.01.05)
Philip Francis Smith, Oblates of Mary Immaculate (O.M.I.) (1972.06.26 – 1980.03.14) as Apostolic Vicar of Jolo (Philippines) (1972.06.26 – 1979.04.11) and Coadjutor Bishop of Cotabato (Philippines) (1979.04.11 – 1979.11.05); later succeeded as Metropolitan Archbishop of Cotabato (1979.11.05 – retired 1998.05.30)
Sofio Guinto Balce (1980.05.09 – 1988.05.21)
Gheorghi Ivanov Jovčev (1988.07.06 – 1995.11.13)
Jacson Damasceno Rodrigues, Redemptorists (C.SS.R.) (1996.12.18 – 1998.03.16)
Philip Huang Chao-ming (黃兆明) (1998.06.27 – 2001.11.19)
Francisco González Valer, Sons of the Holy Family of Jesus, Mary and Joseph (S.F.) (2001.12.28 – present), Auxiliary Bishop emeritus of Washington (USA)
See also
Catholic Church in Algeria
References
Source and External links
GCatholic, with titular incumbent links
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Mohammad Riad Hussain Ismat () (11 July 1947 – 13 May 2020) was a Syrian writer, critic and theatre director. They served as Minister of Culture of Syria from 3 October 2010 to 23 June 2012.
Early life, education and career
Ismat studied English literature at the Damascus University and graduated in 1968. In 2000, they became Rector of the Academy of Dramatic Arts, after years of teaching. In 2003, Ismat became Director General of Syrian State Radio and Television, then held the post of Syrian Vice-Minister of Culture. In 2005, they were appointed Ambassador to Pakistan and in 2010, Syrian Ambassador to Qatar. In October 2010, Ismat was appointed as Minister of Culture, serving in that post until 23 June 2012. From 2013 to 2014, they served as Buffett Center Visiting Scholar at Concordia University in River Forest, Illinois.
Theatre
Ismat directed more than 15 theatrical productions, including interpretations of Shakespeare, Tennessee Williams and Frank Wedekind, as well as producing their own personal vision of The Arabian Nights. They founded the first mime troupe in Syria and taught mime, acting and directing at the Higher Institute of Dramatic Arts in Damascus. There, they taught the Stanislavsky-based method of acting.
Their breakthrough as a playwright came with The Game of Love & Revolution; among their best known dramatic works are: Was Dinner Good, dear Sister; Mourning Becomes Antigone; Sinbad; Shahryar's Nights; Abla & Antar; Mata Hari; The Banana Republic and In Search of Zenobia.
Publications
Ismat published 35 books, including short stories and several books on Arab and World drama. They also wrote a book on the Nobel Prize laureate Naguib Mahfouz and a book on cinema. As a television scriptwriter, they wrote the scripts for seven television serials and directed their own television trilogy for Syrian TV, The Artist & Love, 1985.
Death
Ismat died from COVID-19 in Evanston, Illinois, on 13 May 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Illinois.
See also
Cabinet of Syria
References
External links
Minister of Culture Mohammad Riad Hussain Ismat, SANA
Ministry of Culture official government website
1947 births
2020 deaths
Alumni of the Drama Centre London
Syrian dramatists and playwrights
Damascus University alumni
Ambassadors of Syria to Pakistan
Ambassadors of Syria to Qatar
Politicians from Damascus
Syrian ministers of culture
Alumni of Cardiff University
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Illinois
Writers from Damascus
The black-bellied myzomela (Myzomela erythromelas), also known as the splendid myzomela, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to the large island of New Britain, near New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. An adult is 9 to 10cm, males weigh 7 to 9g while females weigh 6.5 to 7.5g. Males have predominantly black plumage with a scarlet red hood. Females are slightly smaller than males with a mainly olive colored plumage and a red mask covering the forehead. Both male and females have a black bill. Black-bellied myzomela feed on nectar, often in small parties. It has also been recorded to forage with other species like ashy myzomela and red myzomela.
References
black-bellied myzomela
Birds of New Britain
black-bellied myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Oranges and Sunshine is a 2010 Australian drama film directed by Jim Loach as their directorial debut. It stars Emily Watson, Hugo Weaving and David Wenham, with a screenplay by Rona Munro, based on the 1994 book Empty Cradles by Margaret Humphreys.
Plot
The film is based on the true story of Margaret Humphreys, a social worker from Nottingham who uncovered the scandal of "home children", a scheme of forcibly relocating poor children from the United Kingdom to Australia and Canada.
Margaret reunites estranged families, who are situated in Australia and the UK, and brings worldwide attention to the cause.
Deported children were promised "oranges and sunshine" but they got hard labour and life in institutions such as Keaney College in Bindoon, Western Australia. Many were given to the Congregation of Christian Brothers, where they suffered physical and sexual abuse.
Cast
Emily Watson as Margaret Humphreys
Hugo Weaving as Jack
David Wenham as Len
Richard Dillane as Merv Humphreys
Tara Morice as Pauline
Stuart Wolfenden as Bill
Kate Rutter as Vera
Lorraine Ashbourne as Nicky
Federay Holmes as Charlotte
Helen Grayson as Bureaucrat
Ruth Rickman as Orphan
Harvey Scrimshaw as Ben
Molly Windsor as Rachel
Neil Pigot as James
Tammy Wakefield as Susan
Adam Morgan as the Intruder
Neil May as the Commuter
Adam Tedder as the Doctor
Greg Stone as Bob
Aisling Loftus as Susie
Geoff Morrell as Walter
Chandran Owen as Pointing man in the street
Production
Filming
Filming took place in Adelaide, South Australia, in Nottingham, and at Wirksworth in Derbyshire. Some interior scenes were filmed at the University of Leicester, Leicestershire, in Nottingham County Hall and in the porte-cochère of Nottingham railway station. Other locations that appear are a train on the Ecclesbourne Valley Railway; Australia House in London and an overview of Nottingham Council House and the Old Market Square.
A casting session was held in Nottingham to find one boy and one girl for the roles of Margaret's children.
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 71% based on reviews from 68 critics.
Accolades
References
External links
Sixteen Films
orangesandsunshine.com.au
Child Migrants Trust Official website for reuniting children
2010 films
2010 drama films
2010s English-language films
Australian drama films
British drama films
Drama films based on actual events
Films about forced migration
Films about post-traumatic stress disorder
Films set in the 1980s
2010s British films
The Austrian Regional League East () is a third-tier division of Austrian football re-introduced in the 1984–85 season. It covers the Austrian states of Burgenland, Lower Austria and Vienna and is one of three leagues at this level.
Recent league champions
The most recent league champions:
2021–22 member clubs
Admira Juniors
ASK-BSC Bruck/Leitha
ASV Draßburg
SV Leobendorf
FC Marchfeld Mannsdorf-Großenzersdorf
FC Mauerwerk
SC Neusiedl am See 1919
SV Stripfing
TWL Elektra
FCM Traiskirchen
Wiener SK
SC Wiener Neustadt
SC Wiener Viktoria
First Vienna
References
External links
Regional League East
Austrian Regional League East tables & results at soccerway.com
Eas
Sclerodoris paliensis is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1982
The 1986–87 Idaho State Bengals men's basketball team represented Idaho State University during the 1986–87 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Members of the Big Sky Conference, the Bengals were led by second-year head coach Jim Boutin and played their home games on campus at the ISU Minidome in Pocatello, Idaho.
The Bengals were overall in the regular season and in conference play, tied for fifth place. At the conference tournament in Flagstaff, Arizona, they were seeded seventh and upset second-seeded Boise State by a point in the quarterfinal round. semifinal the next night, Idaho State defeated sixth seed Idaho by nineteen and advanced to the final against fourth-seeded and won
In the 64-team NCAA tournament, ISU was seeded sixteenth in the West regional and met top-ranked UNLV in Down by nineteen points at halftime, they lost and ended the season
This was Idaho State's eleventh NCAA tournament appearance, but its first in ten years, and its most recent.
Postseason results
|-
!colspan=6 style=| Big Sky Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA Tournament
References
External links
Sports Reference – Idaho State Bengals – 1986–87 basketball season
Idaho State Bengals men's basketball seasons
Idaho State
Idaho State
Idaho State
Høgevarde or Høgevard is the second highest peak (1459 m) on the Norefjell mountain range and the highest point in the municipality of Krødsherad in Buskerud, Norway. It is known for its vast view (estimated 40,000 km²) over eastern Norway. At the top there is an iron plate giving names and directions to mountains along the horizon. About 100 meters below the peak is Høgevardehytta, a self-service cabin maintained by the DNT (Den Norske Turistforening).
References
Mountains of Viken
Mark William Douglas (born 20 October 1968) is a former international cricketer. Born in Nelson, New Zealand, Douglas played six One Day Internationals for New Zealand. They also played for Nelson in the Hawke Cup.
References
1968 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
New Zealand One Day International cricketers
Central Districts cricketers
Wellington cricketers
People educated at Waimea College
North Island cricketers
Preaching Lies to the Righteous is the second album by British synthpop band Blue October.
Track listing
Mistakes
All I Need Is Now
Stranded
Closer to the Sky, than the Sea
I Remember It Too
While Easy Slips Away
Casino
Silent Partner
Venice Is Crumbling
Lust Is a very Dangerous Thing
Leaving This Place
Let the Sandman Descend
Personnel
Ross Carter: Vocals
Glen Wisbey: Keyboards, programming
Nic Johnston: Guitars
Giles Pitcher: Guitars
Backing vocals on "Stranded" by Zena James
Details
All songs written by Glen Wisbey and Ross Carter
2001 albums
Blue October (British band) albums
Tony Hernandez may refer to::
Juan Antonio Hernández, Honduran politician known as Tony Hernandez
Tony Hernandez, the founder of Jax Media
Le faiseur d'or, written and drawn by Fournier, is the twentieth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the first to follow the Spirou retirement of André Franquin. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine, before publication grouped with Un Noël clandestin and Le champignon nippon in a hardcover album in 1970.
Synopsis
In The Gold Maker, The Count of Champignac reveals on television that they know the location of a coveted book revealing the secrets of ancient alchemist Nicolas Flamel, which Spirou fears may tempt many a criminal. Upon visiting Champignac they find their friend Zorglub unconscious, and the Count abducted. When Zorglub comes to, they suspect having recognized Zantafio as one of the kidnappers.
The Clandestine Christmas is the story of a small, very wealthy boy Henri who prefers to spend Christmas with their unlikely friend, the much older, unwealthy Jean Babtiste. The two move outdoors to find someone to share the affluence of cake they have, and by chance join Spirou and Fantasio in celebrating a special Christmas.
in The Japanese Mushroom, Spirou and Fantasio travel to Japan, and are introduced to the Count's Japanese counterpart, Itoh Kata, and a new arch-villainous syndicate of global crime, "The Triangle". The story ends as a teaser for the following album, Du glucose pour Noémie.
Background
André Franquin is credited with the Marsupilami artwork in Le faiseur d'or, which was to be the final appearance of the creature in the Spirou adventures. Franquin had created the Marsupilami back in the 1950s and held the rights to the character. When Fournier took over the strip, Franquin agreed to a final appearance of the Marsupilami, but they have remained absent from the Spirou and Fantasio world until 2016.
References
Fournier publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1970 books
1970 in comics
Comics set in Japan
Christmas graphic novels
Fiction about alchemy
Japan in non-Japanese culture
Ray Dunlop (1904/1905 – 27 December 1974, and also spelled Roy Dunlop) was an Australian tennis player who won the 1931 Australian Championships in men's doubles. They were also a finalist in the 1934 Australian Championships in mixed doubles. They were a nephew of Alfred Dunlop, 1908 Australasian Championships doubles champion and singles runner-up.
Grand Slam tournament finals
Doubles (1 title)
Mixed Doubles (1 final)
References
External links
Australian male tennis players
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in men's doubles
Year of birth missing
1974 deaths
Place of birth missing
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' doubles
Australian Championships (tennis) junior champions
Australian Championships (tennis) champions
The Australian Superbike Championship (ASBK) is a national motorcycle racing championship in Australia, organized by Motorcycling Australia.
History
The story of the Australian Superbike Championship begins in 1980, at a time in motorcycle sport when the premier road racing series globally was the 500cc Grand Prix world championship. The issue with 500s at that time was that manufacturer teams were investing large amounts of funding to develop their machines and riders to a level of sophistication that was far removed from what was commercially available to the public. This resulted in a very expensive racing programme, especially for privateers.
The need for a road race series that offered ease of entry for national riders was evident - one that was open to all makes of production motorcycles, machines which required little modification and development from standard road going trim. Enter the Australian Superbike Series.
Australia's flagship road race in 1980 through to 1986 was called the ‘Australian Superbike Series', that featured large capacity production motorcycles which at the time, were some of the most competitive in the world ‘out of the box'. Winning bikes were mostly Japanese manufactured inline four cylinder powered machines readily available for public purchase in Australia. The motorcycle manufacturers idiom of the day being “Race on Sunday, sell on Monday”, a reference to motorcycle sales figures on the back of a particular marque's race win.
For two years spanning 1987- 1988, political and economic influences saw the renaming of the Series to ‘The Australian Endurance Championship'. Again, the Endurance Championship was the premier road racing competition in the country, which in 1989 once again morphed, into what was called, the ‘Australian Superbike Championship' run under the Australian Road Race Championship banner.
Over the years the Championship has been run by Motorcycling Australia (MA) in conjunction with private promoters and clubs. And it proved to be a successful formula with success at its peak in the 1990s to early 2000s, however further economic challenges hit the series hard. With struggling competitor numbers, spectators and media exposure, MA opted to step in as the primary promoter, rekindling the championship as the Australian Superbike Championship or ‘ASBK'.
Over the following years, the ASBK has seen unprecedented growth and an increased talent pool, with the Championship forming the perfect springboard for riders and teams to avail themselves of opportunities abroad and on international podiums.
The ASBK is structured in a progressive format that caters for a variety of motorcycle classes, riders, and abilities. Starting with the Australian GP Juniors Cup that is based purely on a single make 150cc production bike for riders aged between 12 and under 16 years old right through to the Australian Superbike category featuring some of the largest capacity motorcycles currently available on the domestic market.
The MA Championship has laid the foundations for riders to not only showcase their talents, but to provide opportunities for the continuing development of their race craft and a clearly defined pathway for progression from junior programs through to the elite Superbike class.
Champions
Src:
References
External links
Official website
Motorcycle road racing series
Superbike
National championships in Australia
33rd New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 28, 1968(announced December 28, 1967)
Best Picture:
In the Heat of the Night
The 33rd New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honored the best filmmaking of 1967.
Winners
Best Actor:
Rod Steiger - In the Heat of the Night
Best Actress:
Edith Evans - The Whisperers
Best Director:
Mike Nichols - The Graduate
Best Film:
In the Heat of the Night
Best Foreign Language Film:
The War Is Over (La guerre est finie) • France/Sweden
Best Screenplay:
David Newman and Robert Benton - Bonnie and Clyde
Special Award:
Bosley Crowther
References
External links
1967 Awards
1967
New York Film Critics Circle Awards, 1967
1967 in American cinema
1967 in New York City
Tsinghua-Berkeley Shenzhen Institute (TBSI) () is an institute which was established in Shenzhen, China in 2014 according to an agreement signed by Tsinghua University, University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley), and the Shenzhen government.
The purpose of the establishment of the institute is seeking to develop a research program that will enable the sort of complex, multidisciplinary collaborations necessary to successfully confront societal and economic challenges that will be faced in China and United States as well as those on a worldwide scale.
Mission
Establish an ecosystem for transformational technology research addressing global challenges in environmental science and new energy technology, precision medicine and healthcare, and data science and information technology. Build trans-disciplinary innovative research platforms and graduate curricula. Foster future entrepreneurs and leaders in science and technology.
Philosophy
The vision of TBSI is to build a world-class transformative research and education partnership to fuel economic growth with accelerated innovation through transdisciplinary and translational research.
See also
List of universities and colleges in Guangdong
Tsinghua Shenzhen International Graduate School
Tsinghua University
University of California, Berkeley
References
External links
Chen, Hong. "Tsinghua, Berkeley prepare joint institute." China Daily. September 8, 2014.
Tsinghua-Berkeley Shenzhen Institute
Tsinghua-Berkeley Shenzhen Institute
UC Berkeley Official Website for Tsinghua-Berkeley Shenzhen Institute
Tsinghua University
University of California, Berkeley
2014 establishments in China
Universities and colleges in Shenzhen
The National Translation Award is awarded annually by the American Literary Translators Association for literary translators who have made an outstanding contribution to literature in English by masterfully recreating the artistic force of a book of consummate quality. Since 2015 the prize has been awarded separately in categories of prose and poetry. Established in 1998, the NTA is the only prize for a work of literary translation into English to include an evaluation of the source language text. As of 2019 the award is worth $2,500 given to the translator. The award is usually given to translations of previously untranslated contemporary works or first-time translations of older works, but important re-translations have also been honored. The winning translators and books are featured at the annual conference of the American Literary Translators Association.
The ALTA also awards the Lucien Stryk Asian Translation Prize, Italian Prose in Translation Award, and the ALTA Travel Fellowships.
Winners
National Translation Award 2007-2014
National Translation Award 2015-Current
2015 marked the first year in which two separate National Translation Awards were given, one for poetry and one for prose.
Lucien Styrk Asian Translation Prize
Since 2009 the Lucien Stryk Asian Translation Prize is awarded at the same time as the NTA by the ALTA and recognizes the best translation into English of book-length Asian works. It is named for Lucien Stryk, an American Zen poet and translator. The winning translator is awarded $6,000.
Italian Prose in Translation Award
Since 2015 the Italian Prose in Translation Award (IPTA) recognizes the importance of contemporary Italian prose (fiction and literary non-fiction) and promotes the translation of Italian works into English. This $5,000 prize will be awarded annually to a translator of a recent work of Italian prose (fiction or literary non-fiction).
References
External links
The National Translation Award
Translation awards
American literary awards
Awards established in 1998
Corra may refer to:
Places
Corra Linn Dam, a concrete hydroelectric dam on the Kootenay River in the Canadian province of British Columbia
Corra Castle, a ruined 16th-century castle within the Corehouse Estate near New Lanark, Scotland
Irish name for Currow, County Kerry, Ireland, a village
People
Surname
Bruno Corra, the pseudonym of Bruno Ginanni Corradini (1892–1976), Italian writer and screenwriter
Henry John Corra (born 1955), American documentary filmmaker
William Skinner of Corra (1823–1901), Scottish lawyer and author
Given name
Cornelius Wilhelmus "Corra" Dirken (1938–2020), former South African rugby player
Corra Mae Harris (1869–1935), American writer and journalist
See also
Corradi
Li Jiawei (; born 9 August 1981) is a retired Chinese-born former Singaporean table tennis player, four-time Olympian and twice Olympic medalist. They trained in Beijing's famous Shichahai Sports School with Olympic medalist Zhang Yining. In 1995, they moved to Singapore and in the following year, they commenced their international career as a competitive table tennis player. They became a Singapore citizen at the age of 18 years under the Foreign Sports Talent Scheme.
Li's highest world singles ranking was in December 2005, when they were placed third. Li was also a key player for the Singaporean women's team and doubles, and mixed doubles events, having participated in three Olympics and achieving a medal for the latter two. They finished in fourth place in singles at both the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing at which they were an official flagbearer. On 15 August 2008, the Singapore women's team composed of Li and their teammates Feng Tianwei and Wang Yuegu defeated South Korea 3–2 in the semifinals. However, in the finals on 17 August, the team lost to China and earned a silver medal, marking the first time that Singapore had won an Olympic medal since the nation's independence in 1965. The momentous occasion came 48 years after Tan Howe Liang won the country's first medal, a silver in weightlifting at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. Li ended 2008 on a high, winning gold in the women's team event with Feng and Wang at the ITTF Pro Tour ERKE German Open in Berlin in November, and in the doubles with Sun Beibei at the ITTF Volkswagen Pro Tour Grand Finals in Macau in December 2008.
Li won the women's team bronze medal with Feng and Wang at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Soon after, they announced their retirement from competitive sports on 27 December 2012.
Early years
Li was born on 9 August 1981 in Beijing, People's Republic of China, only daughter of a government official and a housewife. In 1990, Li was a student at the Beijing Shichahai Sports School. In 1994, they entered the Beijing provincial team and their skills in table tennis were recognised by Singaporean talent scouts. In 1996, they were invited to train in Singapore under the Foreign Sports Talent Scheme, only returning to China once a year to visit their parents. They began representing Singapore internationally in competitive table tennis the following year. At 18, they became a Singapore citizen.
Professional career
Ranked 18th in the world in 2000, Li achieved gold medals in the women's team, women's doubles and mixed doubles events at the XVII Commonwealth Games held between 25 July and 4 August 2002 in Manchester, and was ranked eighth in November 2002. The following year, in December 2003, Li was a member of the Singapore team which swept the top awards at the 23rd Southeast Asian Games in the women's team, women's singles, women's doubles and mixed doubles.
On 3 July 2004, Li took gold in the women's singles at the International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) Pro Tour US Open in Chicago. Subsequently, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, they defeated the second-seeded China player Wang Nan but eventually finished in fourth place. In 2005, they were second in the ITTF Pro Tour Grand Finals, and gained silver medals for the women's singles and mixed doubles at the 23rd Southeast Asian (SEA) Games held between 28 November and 4 December 2005 in Manila. They were also the key player in the gold-winning women's team and women's doubles events. In December 2005, they were ranked third in the world as a singles player. They won an individual Singapore Youth Award in 2005 and was Them World magazine's Young Woman Achiever of 2005.
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Li won gold for the women's team and women's doubles, and the silver medal for the women's singles and mixed doubles events. Subsequently, they won the women's singles at the ITTF Pro Tour Russia Open. They also achieved third place in the ITTF Pro Tour Grand Finals and the Women's World Cup, which are two of the most prestigious and difficult competitions in the table tennis arena. At the 15th Asian Games held from 29 November to 7 December 2006 in Doha, Qatar, they achieved three medals: a silver for the women's team event and two bronzes for the women's singles and mixed doubles. The next year, they won gold in the singles at the ITTF Pro Tour Chinese Taipei Open in Taipei, and helped Singapore to the top spots in the women's team and mixed doubles events at the 2007 SEA Games in Nakhon Ratchasima (Korat), Thailand.
As at August 2008, Li was ranked sixth in the world. They won the accolade of Sportswoman of the Year from the Singapore National Olympic Council five times in a row between 2002 and 2006, and received a Meritorious Award in 2007.
At the club competition level, Li played in the Chinese Table Tennis Super League. In 2008, they represented Peking University club, and in 2010, they played for Beijing Holdings, a team including world champion Ding Ning.
2008 Summer Olympics
Li represented Singapore for the third time in the Olympic Games at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. They were the flag-bearer for Team Singapore at the opening ceremony of the Games on 8 August, having requested the honour. They explained: "There has been so much debate over the foreign talent scheme. This is my way of showing everyone that everything I've ever achieved is because of Singapore."
At the Beijing Olympics, on 13 August 2008, the Singapore women's table tennis team, coached by Liu Guodong and with Li as the team captain leading teammates Feng Tianwei and Wang Yuegu, beat teams from the United States and Nigeria with comfortable 3–0 wins. On 14 August, the Singapore team also defeated the Netherlands 3–0 to reach the semifinals, but not before a gruelling five-game double match against the Dutch players Li Jie and Elena Timina which Li Jiawei and Wang Yuegu eventually won 3–2. The next day, 15 August, the Singapore team defeated the South Korean team of Dang Ye-Seo, Kim Kyung-Ah and Park Mi-Young 3–2 in the semifinals, which went to five matches. Li lost their singles match to Korea's Kim, but beat Kim and Park in the doubles with their partner Wang. Singapore's Feng won both their singles matches against Dang and Park.
On 17 August, Li and their teammates gained Singapore a silver medal in women's table tennis after losing to China in three matches. Li won the first game of their singles match, but was then defeated by their former Beijing Sports School teammate Zhang Yining. In the doubles match, China's Zhang and Guo Yue bested Singapore's Li and Wang Yuegu. This marked the first time that Singapore had won an Olympic medal since the nation's independence in 1965. The medal came 48 years after Tan Howe Liang won the country's first medal, a silver in weightlifting in the lightweight category at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong requested that the live English-language broadcast of their National Day Rally speech, which coincided with the table tennis finals, be postponed by a day. They also provided the audience with updates on the score, and made a conference call to Tan Eng Liang, Team Singapore's chef de mission, to congratulate the team.
Li and their teammates received byes into the third round of the singles tournament. They beat Croatia's Tamara Boroš in the third round, Hong Kong's Lin Ling in the fourth round, and the USA's Wang Chen in the quarter-finals. However, on 22 August they were defeated in the semifinals 4–1 by Zhang Yining of China, ranked number one in the world, and lost the bronze medal 4–2 to China's Guo Yue. Thus placed fourth in the singles tournament, they equalled their performance in the 2004 Athens Olympics but again failed in their quest for an individual Olympic medal. After the bronze medal match, a tearful Li told reporters this would be their final Olympics. At a victory celebration in Singapore on 25 August, Vivian Balakrishnan, the Minister for Community Development, Youth and Sports, announced that Li, Feng and Wang would be presented with the Pingat Jasa Gemilang (Meritorious Service Medal), only the third time the medal would be awarded to athletes, the two previous recipients being weightlifter Tan Howe Liang (1962) and swimmer Joscelin Yeo (2006).
Li has expressed interest in pursuing a communications degree at Peking University. In October 2008 the Singapore Table Tennis Association said the Association and the Singapore Sports Council were prepared to offer them a scholarship to do so. Nevertheless, Li said that they wished to continue their career and to compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In May 2009, the national table tennis women's team, composed of Li and their teammates Feng, Wang and Sun Beibei, were awarded the Team of the Year (Event) prize at the Singapore Sports Awards.
Events between 2008 and 2012
On 22 November 2008, despite crashing out of the singles event earlier, Li and their teammates Feng and Wang won the top title and US$8,000 at the ITTF Pro Tour ERKE German Open in Berlin. Li ended the year as top seed with Sun Beibei, achieving gold in the women's doubles at the ITTF Volkswagen Pro Tour Grand Finals in Macau on 14 December 2008, the first time that Singapore had won this event. They beat South Koreans Kim Kyung Ah and Park Mi-Young 11–5, 6–11, 11–9, 11–8, 11–4. Li was named Today newspaper's Singapore Athlete of the Year 2008.
Li returned to the international stage in February 2010 after taking a year off from competitive table tennis to give birth to a child. Them first major competition – the World Team Table Tennis Championships in Moscow – saw them and their teammates beating China in the finals to clinch gold. Li also had a series of good performances after their return. They guided the women's team to gold at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi and went on to win the women's doubles title with Sun Beibei. They ended 2010 with a bang by winning the silver medal in the women's team event of the 16th Asian Games.
2012 Summer Olympics
Li represented Singapore at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. They participated in the women's team competition with Feng Tianwei and Wang Yuegu. They were beaten 0–3 by Japan in the semifinals, but took the bronze medal on 7 August 2012 by edging South Korea out 3–0. Feng defeated Kim Kyung Ah 11–9, 11–8, 4–11, 13–11; and Li also successfully fended off Seok Ha Jung 11–5, 11–8, 6–11, 11–8. Li and Wang then succeeded in the doubles game against Seok and Dang Ye Seo 11–9, 11–6, 6–11, 11–5. This marked the first time Singapore had won more than one medal at an Olympic game.
Retirement
Li announced their retirement from competitive sports on 27 December 2012. Although they planned to relocate to Beijing with their husband and son, they said they hoped to continue their involvement with table tennis in Singapore. The Singapore Table Tennis Association was said to be helping Li find employment in a Singapore company with operations based in China.
Medals
Personal life
Li first met Singaporean badminton player and fellow Olympian Ronald Susilo in 2002 at a sports meet. They began dating after participating together in the Athens Olympics, and the "golden sports couple", as they were dubbed by the media, announced their engagement in September 2004. They divorced in 2008.
On 26 September 2008, Li registered a marriage in Beijing with Li Chao, a business person based in that city; they were introduced by a mutual friend in March 2008. Sources quoted by The Straits Times said Li had long wanted their children to bear their surname. A lavish wedding banquet was held at the Beijing Hotel on 25 April 2009. On 13 October 2009, they and their husband had their first child, a boy weighing .
See also
Singapore at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Singapore at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Notes
References
.
.
.
External links
Official website of the Singapore National Olympic Council
Official website of the Singapore Table Tennis Association
Official website of Team Singapore, managed by the Singapore Sports Council
1981 births
Living people
Table tennis players from Beijing
Chinese emigrants to Singapore
Singaporean sportspeople of Chinese descent
Naturalised citizens of Singapore
Naturalised table tennis players
Chinese female table tennis players
Singaporean female table tennis players
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Singapore
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Singapore
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Singapore
Asian Games medalists in table tennis
Olympic bronze medalists for Singapore
Olympic medalists in table tennis
Olympic silver medalists for Singapore
Olympic table tennis players of Singapore
Recipients of the Pingat Jasa Gemilang
Table tennis players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Table tennis players at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Table tennis players at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Table tennis players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Table tennis players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Table tennis players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Table tennis players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Table tennis players at the 2002 Asian Games
Table tennis players at the 2006 Asian Games
Table tennis players at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Singapore
Asian Games bronze medalists for Singapore
Commonwealth Games medallists in table tennis
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Singapore
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Singapore
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for Singapore
Southeast Asian Games medalists in table tennis
World Table Tennis Championships medalists
Competitors at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games
NGC 781 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Aries. It is estimated to be about 154 million light years from the Milky Way and has a diameter of approximately 70,000 light years. NGC 781 was discovered on October 16, 1784 by the German-British astronomer William Herschel.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
External links
Aries (constellation)
0781
Spiral galaxies
007577
The Regiment Infantry Prins Johan Willem Friso is a line infantry regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army. Named after Johan Willem Friso of Orange-Nassau, it is the oldest and most senior regiment in the current order of battle. The regiment currently serves in the mechanized infantry role as 44 Armoured Infantry Battalion (44 Painfbat) as part of 43 Gemechaniseerde (Mechanized) Brigade.
Naming
The regiment was formed during the 1950s, in a major reorganisation of the Royal Netherlands Army (Koninklijke Landmacht) after the end of WW II.
Before 1950 the army consisted of numbered regiment; in 1950 these regiments were changed into named regiments.
The Regiment Infantry Johan Willem Friso was created on 1 juli 1950 as a continuation of the former 1st Regiment Infantry (1 RI) and 9th Regiment Infantry (9 RI). Both 1 RI and 9 RI had always been stationed in the North of the Netherlands: 1 RI in Assen (province of Drenthe) and 9 RI in Leeuwarden (province of Friesland). Therefore, it was decided to name the new regiment after the former Stadhouder of Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe: Johan Willem Friso, Prince of Orange (born 14 August 1687 – died 14 July 1711).
In November 2020, the title of "Prince" was added to the name of the regiment, thereby becoming the Regiment Infanterie Prins Johan Willem Friso.
Battle honours displayed on the colours
Tiendaagse Veldtocht 1831
Citadel van Antwerpen 1832
Java en Sumatra 1946-1949
Noord-Kandahar en Uruzgan 2006
Each member of the 44th armoured infantry battalion (which is part of the regiment) carries a blue lanyard on their uniform in commemoration of their involvement in the UNIFIL peacekeeping operation in Lebanon from 1979 to 1985.
See also
Friesland Battalion
References
Johan Willem Friso
Angela Frautschi (born 5 June 1987) is a Swiss former ice hockey player. They were a member of the Switzerland women's national ice hockey team. They played in the 2006, 2010 and 2014 Winter Olympics. They also competed for ZSC Lions Zurich in the Leistungsklasse A (the top women's ice hockey league in Switzerland).
In 2014 Frautschi accompanied the Swiss women's Ice Hockey Team to Sochi for the Winter Olympics.
Playing career
Switzerland
In a game versus Russia at the 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship, Frautschi logged a pair of assists in a 5–2 victory, as Switzerland advanced to the semifinals.
Career stats
Olympics
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Switzerland
Olympic ice hockey players of Switzerland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Swiss women's ice hockey defencemen
Swiss Women's League players
Sportspeople from the canton of Bern
Goetsenhoven Airfield is a former Belgian Air Component base, located south of Tienen, approximately east-southeast of Brussels.
The airfield was last used militarily as a training facility for Belgian Air Cadets, equipped with six Piper L21B Super Cubs, and several Schleicher K 8B Gliders.
History
Goetsenhoven Airfield was one of the first airfields of Belgian military aviation. It was built in 1922 as a grass airfield by the Belgian Air Force (Aéronautique Militaire Belge). Its early use was that of observation aircraft of II Group, consisting of 10 Ansaldo A.300 or DH.9 biplanes.
On 1 November 1939, as part of the wartime buildup, three squadrons of British built Fairey Fox III fighter/bombers with Nos. 3 (II Group), 5 (III Group) and 7 (IV Group) squadrons were assigned to the airfield as part of the 2e Régiment d'Aéronautique (2nd Air Regiment-Air Combat) In addition to the combat units, Goetsenhoven was also a Basic Flight School (Ecole de Pilotage Elémentaire) for the Belgian Air Force, equipped with Stampe-Vertongen SV.4s.
World War II
On 10 May 1940, Goetsenhoven was attacked by the Luftwaffe as part of the initial German attack on Belgium, killing several personnel and destroying some aircraft, and was seized by the Wehrmacht a few days later. The Goetsenhoven squadrons hastily retreated to other airfields with their remaining planes. They were eventually evacuated to France. During the occupation of Belgium, the airfield was used by the Luftwaffe as a reserve airfield; no Luftwaffe units were stationed there.
In late October 1944, the airfield was attacked by USAAF Ninth Air Force B-26 Marauder medium bombers and P-47 Thunderbolts with 500-pound General-Purpose bombs, unguided rockets, and .50 caliber machine gun sweeps to ensure that any German forces at the base were neutralized. Allied ground forces moved into the Tienen area around 20 October and the first American combat engineer units arrived at the airfield shortly afterward.
The USAAF IX Engineering Command 862d Engineer Aviation Battalion laid down a 3600' all weather Pierced Steel Planking runway at Goetsenhoven, and rehabilitated some of the buildings for operational use for combat units. On 26 October the airfield was declared operationally ready and was designated as Advanced Landing Ground "Y-10", also being known as "Le Culot/East Airfield". Shortly after the airfield opened, the 9th AF 371st Fighter Group moved there with P-47 Thunderbolt fighters. remaining until 20 December.
Once the American combat units moved out, Goetsenhoven became a transport airfield for C-47 Skytrains, which flew frequently in and out of the American controlled airfield, supplying the front line forces with the necessary material to support their advance. On return flights to the rear area, casualty evacuation was performed by the transports.
At the end of the war Goetsenhoven was returned to Belgian control by the Americans on 25 June 1945.
Postwar use
After the war Goetsenhoven was totally rebuilt, with the metal runway being removed and the airfield returned to its prewar configuration as a grass airfield. It was reopened in 1950, and became the base field of the ESS (Elementary Flying School). In 1969 the flight training was upgraded to the SIAI Marchetti Aermacchi SF.260. Also, two all-weather asphalt runways were laid down on the site, replacing the grass runway.
In 1996 the flight training of the Belgian Air Force was centralised at Beauvechain Air Base, and the formal military presence came to an end at Goetsenhoven.
Besides the EVS during the weekends, the airfield is also used by the local flying club De Wouw, following the closure of the ESS was working with engine and gliders. The field is not open for flying on days that is also used by the Olympia Tiense Wielerschool for the training of young cyclists.
As of 2020, the aeroclub "De Wouw" still operates from its premises at the South side of the field; formerly military hangars on the North-West side are now used by an ultralight flying club. The whole area being within the controlled airspace of Beauvechain Air Base, however, civilian flying is subject to strict limitations; basically operations are limited to weekends.
See also
Advanced Landing Ground
Ultralight Flying Club
References
Vliegveld Goetsenhoven (in Dutch)
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Belgium
Airports in Flemish Brabant
Airports established in 1922
Tienen
World Trademark Review is a website and magazine covering the commercial and international practice of trademark law. Subscribers receive a print magazine once every other month and a daily email newsletter featuring news stories, feature articles and legal updates from a panel of trademark experts.
The website and magazine are published by Law Business Research, a specialist legal publisher based in London, UK.
World Trademark Review also runs the WTR Industry Awards programme. The awards recognize the best trademark teams and individuals. Past winners include employees of Google, The Coca-Cola Company, Microsoft, Diageo, Gucci and Intel.
World Trademark Review was originally one of the publications produced by The IP Media Group, which was formed in 2008. The group also publishes Intellectual Asset Management magazine, organizes the IP Business Congress and runs the IP Hall of Fame.
See also
List of intellectual property law journals
References
External links
Official web site
Bi-monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Business magazines published in the United Kingdom
Intellectual property law magazines
Magazines published in London
Magazines with year of establishment missing
Works about trademark law
The Manoir de Ban, or Champ de Ban Estate Manor, is a manor house located at Corsier-sur-Vevey on the banks of Lake Geneva in Switzerland. The property is known for having been Charlie Chaplin's home for 25 years, from 1952 until their death in 1977. It houses a museum dedicated to the life and work of its former owner, named Chaplin's World, which opened in April 2016 after 15 years in development.
The manor is listed as a heritage site of Swiss Inventory of Cultural Property of National Significance.
Location
The manor lies on the Champ de Ban Estate, above Corsier-sur-Vevey, a wine-growing village on the Swiss Riviera. The estate lies in stunning countryside, between the Lavaux vineyards (a UNESCO World Heritage Site), Lake Geneva and the peaks of the Swiss Alps.
The estate is 9 km from Montreux, 26 km from Lausanne and 91 km from Geneva.
History
Construction and successive alterations
Before the manor was built, Champ de Ban was a farm. Still standing from this era are a fountain and the farm building on the Fenil road, which has seen many alterations over the years.
Charles Emile Henri de Scherer (1791–1871) bought the estate on 27 May 1839. In 1840, they had a neoclassical mansion built on the site. It was recorded in the land registry in 1841.
The first plans drafted by architect Philippe Franel (1796–1867) date from September 1839. Franel was the Riviera's star architect at the time. They were responsible for various prestigious buildings in the Vevey region: the Clock Tower, the Trois-Couronnes hotel, Aile Castle, the Part-Dieu building and numerous local houses. Franel was both a carpenter and an architect, and studied in Basel and Zürich. Examples of their work can still be seen throughout the Riviera today.
As the cellars of the house show, and as can be seen in the environmental report from the town plan (which mentions vineyards on a currently wooded area in the south of the grounds), wine was also grown on the estate at one time.
The house was not named "Manoir de Ban" until 1946, following alterations carried out by the new owners, American diplomat Grafton Winthrop Minot and their wife Anne de Lancey.
Chronological list of owners
Michel de Crausaz, Lord of the Manor of Corsier Parish (shown on a plan from 1705)
Jean-Pierre Chiron, Captain (shown on a plan from 1776)
Abram David Doron Louis De Lom, Captain (before 1839)
Henri Baud (before 1839)
27 May 1839: Charles Emile Henri de Scherer – they had the house built (which later became the manor) and had the grounds landscaped.
3 May 1871: on Mr de Scherer's death, their second wife Jeanne-Marie Adélaïde de Winterfeld inherited the property.
27 December 1898: the heirs of Mrs de Winterfeld (who did not have any children)
27 November 1911: sisters Dorothée Rosalie and Rosalia de Winterfeld
12 June 1914: Louis Alfred Friedel, a gentleman of private means
6 June 1919: Charles-Louis Bonny, a watchmaker
14 April 1938: ownership passed to Crédit Foncier Vaudois
3 July 1939: Wilhelm Imperatori, an industrialist
28 May 1940: on the death of Wilhelm Imperatori, their widow Edit Imperatori inherited the property. During the Second World War, they opened the house to refugees.
9 December 1946: purchased by Grafton Winthrop Minot, an American diplomat, and their wife Anne de Lancey. They named the house "Manoir de Ban".
31 December 1952: purchased by Charlie Chaplin
25 December 1977: Charlie Chaplin died and their wife Oona inherited the manor
27 September 1991: Oona Chaplin died and their children inherited the manor. They later entrusted it to the Charlie Chaplin Museum Foundation.
8 April 2008: Genii Capital, a Luxembourg-based capital investment company, purchased the manor from the Charlie Chaplin Museum Foundation to secure the future of the Charlie Chaplin museum project.
Charlie Chaplin's home from 1952
In September 1952, Charlie Chaplin was on their way to Europe to promote their film Limelight when they learned that the USA had revoked their visa. The Chaplin family needed a new address in Europe and, on the advice of Charlie's half-brother Sydney, they visited Switzerland.
The family moved in on 6 January 1953. Although they had bought the manor furnished, the Chaplin family and their architects Burnat and Nicati renovated the property and reorganised the interior. Chaplin's wife Oona was pregnant with their fifth child on their arrival in Switzerland, and the couple went on to have eight children in total.
Charlie Chaplin lived at the manor for 25 years until their death in 1977. They spent their "happy years" there, walking in the grounds, playing with their children and hosting friends from the four corners of the globe, including Marlon Brando and Truman Capote.
The artist also spent a large percentage of their time working. The screenplays for their films A King in New York, A Countess from Hong Kong and The Freak (which was never filmed) were written at Manoir de Ban. They reworked the music for their films at the piano and wrote My Autobiography, published in 1964.
Sir Charles and their wife Lady Oona are buried in Corsier-sur-Vevey cemetery.
Description
The Manor
The manor is a rectangular building with two side annexes with roof terraces. The facades are richly decorated for the period: the front door is flanked by fluted pilasters and the windows are outlined with fillets and rest on moulded sills on consoles. The window frames are topped with cornices or pediments. Under the hipped slate roof, the eaves are adorned with modillions. On the ground floor, a peristyle runs right across the back of the manor and extends onto the sides, towards the annexes. This Colonial-style gallery offers fabulous views of the park, the lake and the mountains.
After renovations carried out for the Chaplin family in 1952, the manor comprised nineteen rooms on three levels (the second attic floor was converted in 1977) providing 1,150m² of living space. In the basement lie the cellars inherited from the building's wine-making past. Chaplin had this area converted into constant-humidity archives to house their original works.
The manor was richly decorated, including marble mosaics or solid-wood parquet on the floors and carvings on the walls. The property was furnished when Charlie Chaplin bought it. Some of the furniture, purchased by Anne de Lancey, the previous owner, originated from one of the Loire Châteaux in France. The Chaplin family also had their own furniture transported from California.
Outbuildings
The property includes a farm which pre-dates the manor. It was altered several times, and under the Chaplin family served as staff accommodation, stables, a barn and a store.
Another building, a garage dating from 1900 and renovated around 1980, had space for three vehicles plus staff accommodation on the upper floor. The Chaplin family employed up to thirteen staff: a secretary, nursery nurses, governesses, cooks, gardeners and chauffeurs.
Grounds
The Champ de Ban estate is one of the largest and most attractive parks in the canton of Vaud. It covers almost 14 hectares, sloping gently down to the banks of the Veveyse and the Nant stream. Charles Emile Henri de Scherer employed Edmond Davall, a forestry engineer, to carry out initial landscaping in the park in 1840–50. They appear to have introduced numerous exotic trees with a view to them becoming acclimatised.
The estate includes:
a 6.1-hectare park with natural lawns and clusters of well-established trees including beeches, maples, elms, spruces, sequoia and cedars.
an orchard bordering the farm, a greenhouse dating from 1965 adjacent to a garage and a kitchen garden which Charlie Chaplin enjoyed tending, a courtyard, a fountain, a swimming pool and a tennis court.
a 7.5-hectare terraced forest of mainly deciduous trees. The wooded area in the south of the estate was formerly a vineyard.
Chaplin's World museum
Chaplin's World opened on 17 April 2016 at the Ban estate.
The tour begins in the manor with the story of Charlie Chaplin's personal and family life before moving on to a new building, dedicated to their public life and career. In total, the museum incorporates over 4,000m² of exhibition space. It is operated by Grévin, a subsidiary of Compagnie des Alpes.
It also includes a venue for temporary exhibitions and private functions, catering facilities and a souvenir shop. The museum's developers worked to restore the manor and grounds to their former glory while preserving the authentic traces of Chaplin's personal life.
Chaplin Museum Development initiated the museum project in 2000. The project became possible when the Luxembourgish company Genii Capital purchased the manor in April 2008, and thanks to the support of the Chaplin family, Roy Export and Bubbles Incorporated (which holds the rights to Charlie Chaplin's intellectual property and heritage), canton of Vaud and ten local municipalities, and Nestlé, a partner in the development of the museum.
Key dates
1840: The manor is built
1952: Charlie Chaplin moves into the manor
1977: Death of Charlie Chaplin
2000: Chaplin Museum Development begins the museum project
2008: Luxembourg company Genii Capital purchases the manor
2013: Construction work on the Charlie Chaplin museum begins
2014: An agreement is reached with Compagnie des Alpes/Grévin to operate the museum
2016: Chaplin's World opens on the 17 April
References
Further reading
Smolik, Pierre (2016). The Freak Chaplin's Last Film, Call Me Edouard Publishers Vevey.
External links
Chaplin's World museum website
Notrehistoire.ch: photos of Manoir de Ban
Villas in Switzerland
Museums in the canton of Vaud
Biographical museums in Switzerland
Charlie Chaplin
Historic house museums in Switzerland
Houses completed in 1840
Buildings and structures in the canton of Vaud
Neoclassical architecture in Switzerland
Traps is a 1985 Australian film directed by John Hughes.
It screened at the Melbourne International Film Festival.
References
External links
Traps page at Art Films
Traps at IMDb
Traps at Oz Movies
Australian drama films
1985 films
1985 drama films
1980s Australian films
Rhinow () is a town in the Havelland district (Landkreis), in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 16 km north of Rathenow, and 22 km south of Kyritz. Rhinow is the administrative seat (Verwaltungssitz) of the Rhinow district (Amt).
Geography
The region lies on the southern edge of the Rhinluch (Rhin moor) and at the feet of the up to 110 Meter high Rhinower Mountains. The Rhin river flows west through the district into the Gülper See at the southwestern border. Federal highway (Bundesstraße) 102 cuts through the area. Since 2003, the stretch between Rathenow and Neustadt (Dosse) is no longer served by public rail transit (Öffentlichen Personennahverkehr).
Administrative division
Greater Rhinow includes the village of Kietz.
History
During the Third Reich, a famous sail plane school was founded in memory of Otto Lilienthal.
Demography
Politics
City Council
The council of the city of Rhinow has 12 members with the following distribution by political party:
FDP 6 seats
SPD 3 seats
CDU 2 seats
Die Linke 1 seat
(As of elections held on September 28, 2008)
Elections in 2014:
SPD: 4
FDP: 2
The Left: 2
CDU: 1
Single candidates: 3
Architecture
101 Meter high radio tower belonging to Deutsche Telekom AG constructed from reinforced concrete with uncustomary asymmetry at 52° 44′ 45″ N, 12° 21′ 7″ E, was built during the Soviet era.
Personalities
Otto Lilienthal (1848-1896), settled in Rhinow in 1893, building their workshop for their glider. In the beginning, they flew also in the Rhinow Mountains, later switching to flying at Gollenberg.
References
Localities in Havelland
Nowinski is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Christopher Nowinski (born 1978), American author and former professional wrestler
Ira Nowinski (born 1942), American photographer
Surnames of Polish origin
The 1929 Washington Senators won 71 games, lost 81, and finished in fifth place in the American League. They were managed by Walter Johnson and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
External links
1929 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1929 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
Gazik or Gezik () may refer to:
Gezik, Razavi Khorasan Province
Gazik, Birjand, South Khorasan Province
Gazik, Darmian, South Khorasan Province
Gazik District, in South Khorasan Province
Gazik Rural District, in South Khorasan Province
Bolton Percy railway station served the village of Bolton Percy, North Yorkshire, England from 1839 to 1965 on the York and North Midland Railway.
History
The station opened on 30 May 1839 by the York and North Midland Railway. It closed to both passengers and goods traffic on 13 September 1965. When open, it consisted of a single long island platform serving just two of the four lines, a similar configuration to that of neighbouring . A large good shed was also provided to the north of the station.
The platform and buildings were demolished after closure and no trace remains of the station today, save for a gap between the lines where the platform once stood.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in North Yorkshire
Former York and North Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1839
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1965
1839 establishments in England
1965 disestablishments in England
Beeching closures in England
Hunters of the Golden Cobra (Italian: I Cacciatori del Cobra d'Oro) is an Italian 1982 action film starring David Warbeck. It was directed by Antonio Margheriti, and is one of several Italian imitations of Raiders of the Lost Ark, shot in an exotic location involving the recovery of supernatural relics.
Cast
David Warbeck as Bob Jackson
Almanta Suska as Julie / April
Luciano Pigozzi as Greenwater (as Alan Collins)
John Steiner as David Franks
Protacio Dee as Yamato
Rene Abadeza as Kamutri
Rosemarie Lindt as Maude
Release
Hunters of the Golden Cobra was released in the United States in March 1984.
Critical reception
Fantastic Movie Musings & Ramblings wrote, "the violence is a bit nastier than that of RAIDERS, and the script seems like it was thrown together without much care, but I rather like the British soldier who is paired with the hero. Still, this one is routine at best."
See also
List of Italian films of 1982
References
Sources
External links
1982 films
1980s action adventure films
1980s Italian-language films
Films directed by Antonio Margheriti
Films scored by Carlo Savina
Treasure hunt films
Italian action adventure films
Films shot in the Philippines
Cockfighting in film
1980s Italian films
The Battle of Sangamner was fought between the Mughal Empire and Maratha Empire in 1679. This was the last battle in which the Maratha King Shivaji fought. The Mughals had ambushed Shivaji with a large force when they were returning from the sack of Jalna. The Marathas engaged in battle with the Mughals for three days but lost to the Mughals.
Shivaji successfully escaped with 500 soldiers while the combat continued until Maratha general, Sidhoji Nimbalkar was killed along with 2000 soldiers whereas Santaji Ghorpade finally took to flight after being routed, with Hambir Rao injured and many Maratha soldiers arrested. Shivaji returned to Raigad safely early in December that year.
References
Sangamner
Sangamner
Sangamner
1679 in India
National Research University "Moscow Power Engineering Institute" (MPEI) is a public university based in Moscow, Russia. It offers training in the fields of Power Engineering, Electric Engineering, Radio Engineering, Electronics, Information Technologies and Management.
History
MPEI was founded in 1930. In 2011 it obtained the status of National Research University. Therefore, the new official name is National Research University “Moscow Power Engineering Institute”.
In the world of emerging challenges, MPEI could actually be recognized as an ark that brings stability and quality in education. The well-settled high percentage of graduates that are successfully employed in their home countries has always been an advantage of MPEI study. The Russian core of MPEI student medium benefits from quality lecturers and professors, as well as the foreigners that take the Preliminary course of Russian language beforehand, or those who study in several English groups.
About MPEI
At MPEI there are 12 Institutes, 65 departments, 176 scientific laboratories, research construction bureau and test factory, unique educational TPP, educational Solar Power Plant, the biggest scientific technical library countrywide, stadium “Energia”, palace of culture and a swimming pool.
Among the teaching staff there are 7 Academicians of RAS, 262 Science Doctors, 715 Philosophy Doctors.
The Study Campus is in Moscow Lefortovo district. The dormitories for students, health center, canteens, cafes are at the Campus at the Energeticheskaya, Lapina, 1st Sininchkina streets and Energeticheskiy passway. The newspaper “Power Engineer”, the “Radio MPEI” and the “MPEI TV” are all part of students' cultural ambience.
MPEI has prepared more than 200,000 specialists in different branches of science and technics.
Student life at MPEI
Lectures at MPEI are read professionally. Standard student's scholarship is about 2000 roubles. The study week consists of 6 working days.
In the first years' vacation time students can participate in the construction camp work and in the senior years practice work at the enterprises is compulsory.
The Spartakiade of the faculties in 9 sports is held annually, as well as the “Miss 1st year” contest, “Miss MPEI”, “KVN”, faculty meetings and disco parties. The Radio MPEI project was founded in 2011 and since then has been constantly warming up the lunch break ambiance. The project was totally organized by students and is a subdivision of the Students' Trade Committee.
Teaching international students
Foreigners, starting from the 1950s, were entering MPEI without entrance exams. In order to raise their Russian knowledge to the satisfactory level, MPEI organized pre-university training courses. In these courses, foreigners are studying Russian language and specialized subjects in Russian.
Foreigners from 70 countries study at the university. Graduates who decided to work as MPEI teachers, are welcome to continue their education at the Faculty of Qualification Raising or to fulfill the long-term 10-month science internship.
Cooperation
MPEI is an actual member of many international associations:
UNESCO, UNIDO, IAEA, International Association for Continuous Engineering Education, International Coordination Council of Educational Institutions Alumni, CIGRE Russian National Committee, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Council on Superconductivity, World Wind Energy Association, European Association for International Education, Association of International Departments of Technical Universities of Central and Eastern Europe.
Following institutes are subdivisions of the University
Institute of Power Machinery and Mechanics
Institute of Thermal and Nuclear Power Engineering
Institute of Energy Efficiency and Hydrogen Technologies
Institute of Electrical Engineering
Institute of Electrical Power Engineering
Institute of Information Technologies and Computer Science
Institute of Radio Engineering and Electronics
Institute of Humanities and Applied Sciences
Engineering-Economic Institute
Institute of Remote and Additional Education
Institute of Electronics and Nano Electronics
Institute of Hydropower and Renewable Energy
Military Engineering Institute
More information could be found on the university website: www.mpei.ru
Notable students
Alexander Akimov, chief supervisor of Reactor 4 during failed test
Roman Avdeev, Russian business person, investor, and philanthropist. Owner of Credit Bank of Moscow
Alexei Bogomolov, radio engineer, Hero of Socialist Labour, Lenin Prize, USSR State Prize
Nikolay Brusentsov, chief designer of Setun, honoured researcher in Moscow State University
Vladimir Holstinin, Russian musician, a co-founder of the band called Aria
Ion Iliescu, 8th president of Romania
Vsevolod Kukushkin, Russian journalist, writer and ice hockey administrator
Yan Luguang, Chinese electrical engineer, created China's first tokamak device
Victor Pelevin, Russian fiction writer
Li Peng, Premier of China
Araceli Sánchez Urquijo, Niños de Rusia and the first woman to work as a civil engineer in Spain
Further reading
A book by Prof. Lev Davidovich Belkind, P.P.Elisarov, V.V. Meshkov and others about the first 50 years of activity of the Moscow Power Engineering Institute (Russian) ()
References
External links
Official site
Engineering universities and colleges in Russia
Science and technology in Russia
Universities in Moscow
Universities and institutes established in the Soviet Union
1930 establishments in the Soviet Union
Nuclear research institutes in Russia
National research universities in Russia
Educational institutions established in 1930
Ease or EASE may refer to:
Computing
Ease (programming language)
Enhanced Acoustic Simulator for Engineers, software for optimizing acoustics
Health and medicine
Methylone, marketed briefly in New Zealand as Ease
Examination of Anomalous Self-Experience, to detect self-disorder
Other uses
Ease (sewing), the amount of room a garment allows the wearer beyond the measurements of their body
Ease, a 1985 novel by Patrick Gale
EASE/ACCESS, a pair of 1985 space shuttle flight experiments
European Association of Science Editors, a non-profit membership organisation
See also
Easy (disambiguation)
At Ease
Usability
Ease-in and ease-out, methods of inbetweening in animation
Kathleen Ann Shea (born October 9, 1959) is an American actor, film director, and acting teacher.  They are best known for directing the erotic thriller Poison Ivy, which was nominated for the 1992 Sundance Grand Jury Prize.
Early life
Shea was born in Detroit, Michigan to an artist father and nurse mother. They studied teaching at the University of Michigan from which they graduated with honors. After graduating, they spent six months teaching blind children, before taking off at age 19 to Hollywood, California where they started their early modeling career and for a short time attended University of California, Los Angeles.
"I was directing plays I'd written in my back yard when I was twelve", they said later. "I was a total misfit and didn't have any friends, so that's what I did instead. I recruited younger kids from the neighborhood, and their parents paid me to put them in my productions. I made some pretty good money, actually. Helped put me through college. Yay for being a misfit! Yay for not having friends!"
Actor
Shea worked as an actor and model for a number of years, including appearing in a small role in Scarface and Psycho III.
"I was never comfortable being an actor", they said in a 1992 interview. "It was the most ridiculous thing; I am like the antithesis of that. I really, truly am very shy. ... I did it for seven years, and I can't believe I lived through that."
Writer and director
In 1986, they were on location in the Philippines when they struck up a friendship with Andy Ruben. The two of them started writing scripts together, and succeeded in getting The Patriot (1986) made for Roger Corman. Corman agreed to finance another Ruben-Shea script with Shea directing, Stripped to Kill. The resulting movie was successful and launched their directorial career.
Shea made a number of films for Corman based on scripts by themselves and Ruben. Corman later described them as a ""talented director. She's particularly good with actors, having been an actor herself. She's taught themselves about the camera and has gotten better with each picture."
In a 1990 review of Streets, the Los Angeles Times said Shea "continues to show that they are a first-rate talent, as terrific at handling hard action with style and dispatch as a drawing the best from their casts."
According to Corman, the films they made for them cost less than $500,000 on average and made between $5–10 million. They were then hired by New Line to make Poison Ivy which was a critical and popular hit.
In 1992 their films were honoured with a four-day retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art including the New York premiere of Poison Ivy. According to Larry Karidish, a curator of film at the museum:
Katt's work is distinctive for its style, rhythm, the progression of its narrative. Them movies touch something deep in the psyche. They have a consistent and coherent sensibility and I thought it would make sense to show their work as a body.
They now works as an acting teacher, where their past clients have included Christina Applegate, Alison Lohman, Sophia Lillis, and Drew Barrymore.
Personal life
Katt Shea married collaborator Andy Ruben. They divorced in 1992 after 13 years of marriage.
Select credits
The Asphalt Cowboy (1980) – actor
My Tutor (1983) – actor
Scarface (1983) – actor
Preppies (1984) – actor
R.S.V.P. (1984) (TV movie) – actor
Hollywood Hot Tubs (1984) – actor
Barbarian Queen (1985) – actor
Psycho III (1986) – Patsy Boyle
The Devastator (1986) – actor, 2nd unit photography
The Patriot (1986) – writer
Stripped to Kill (1987) – writer, director
Dance of the Damned (1989) – director, writer
Stripped to Kill II: Live Girls (1989) – director, writer
Streets (1990) – director, writer
Poison Ivy (1992) – director, writer
Dance with Death (1992) – story
Joe Bob's Drive-In Theater (1994) (TV series) – director
Last Exit to Earth (1996) – director, actor, writer
Rumble in the Streets (1996) – writer
The Rage: Carrie 2 (1999) – director, actor
Sharing the Secret (2000) (TV movie) – director
Sanctuary (2001) (TV movie) – director, writer
Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase (2019) – director
Rescued by Ruby (2022) – director
Unmade projects
Prince Ombra (c 1993) from novel by Roderick MacLeish for producer Sydney Pollack
Dance of the Damned (c. 2011) – proposed remake of their earlier film
The Tutor – adapted from the novel by Peter Abrahams
The List – a teen drama based on their own script
Hystere, Imps of Perversity – horror anthology TV series developed with Mary Lambert
References
External links
Personal website
Katt Shea at Trailers from Hell
1957 births
Living people
American film actores
University of Michigan alumni
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Actresses from Detroit
Film directors from Michigan
21st-century American women
FM is the original soundtrack to the 1978 film FM. In the United States, the album reached the Top Five of Billboard's album chart and quickly earned a Platinum-certified disc. It reached 37 in the UK charts. Roger Nichols also won the 1979 Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical for their work on the soundtrack.
Track listing
Side One
"FM (No Static at All)" - Steely Dan – 4:52
"Night Moves" - Bob Seger – 3:27
"Fly Like an Eagle" - Steve Miller Band – 3:04
"Cold as Ice" - Foreigner – 3:20
"Breakdown" - Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers – 2:44
"Bad Man" - Randy Meisner – 2:38
Side Two (Order of songs on inside jacket show side three songs before side two songs)
"Life in the Fast Lane" - Eagles – 4:46
"Do It Again" - Steely Dan – 5:54
"Lido Shuffle" - Boz Scaggs – 3:42
"More Than a Feeling" - Boston – 4:45
Side Three
"Tumbling Dice" - Linda Ronstadt – 4:51 (Live Version)
"Poor, Poor Pitiful Me" - Linda Ronstadt – 4:15 (Live Version)
"Livingston Saturday Night" - Jimmy Buffett – 3:10
"There's a Place in the World for a Gambler" - Dan Fogelberg – 5:41
"Just the Way You Are" - Billy Joel – 4:49
Side Four
"It Keeps You Runnin'" - The Doobie Brothers – 4:13
"Your Smiling Face" - James Taylor – 2:43
"Life's Been Good" - Joe Walsh – 8:05
"We Will Rock You" - Queen – 2:04
"FM - Reprise" - Steely Dan – 2:54
Track listing - cassette release
Side A
"FM (No Static at All)" - Steely Dan – 4:52
"Night Moves" - Bob Seger – 3:27
"Fly Like an Eagle" - Steve Miller Band – 3:04
"Cold as Ice" - Foreigner – 3:20
"Livingston Saturday Night" - Jimmy Buffett – 3:10
"Bad Man" - Randy Meisner – 2:38
"Life in the Fast Lane" - Eagles – 4:46
"Breakdown" - Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers – 2:44
"Just the Way You Are" - Billy Joel – 4:49
"Lido Shuffle" - Boz Scaggs – 3:42
"More Than a Feeling" - Boston – 4:45
Side B
"Tumbling Dice" - Linda Ronstadt – 4:51 (Live Version)
"Poor, Poor Pitiful Me" - Linda Ronstadt – 4:15 (Live Version)
"Do It Again" - Steely Dan – 5:54
"There's a Place in the World for a Gambler" - Dan Fogelberg – 5:41
"It Keeps You Runnin'" - The Doobie Brothers – 4:13
"Your Smiling Face" - James Taylor – 2:43
"Life's Been Good" - Joe Walsh – 8:05
"We Will Rock You" - Queen – 2:04
"FM - Reprise" - Steely Dan – 2:54
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales and certifications
References
1978 compilation albums
1978 soundtrack albums
Comedy-drama film soundtracks
MCA Records compilation albums
MCA Records soundtracks
John Challis (1907–1974) was an American builder of harpsichords and clavichords, at one time the only such maker of harpsichords in the United States.
Their father Charles was a jeweler and watchmaker who moved their family from South Lyon, Michigan to Ypsilanti, Michigan in 1919.
John attended Michigan Normal College (now Eastern Michigan University), where their interest in constructing keyboard instruments emerged.
They spent four years apprenticing with Arnold Dolmetsch in England, returning in 1930, when they set themselves up building instruments in a two-story space above a dress shop in Ypsilanti. At that time they were the only harpsichord maker in America. They later moved to Detroit. When their house was condemned to build the Chrysler Freeway, they moved to New York City.
As they were the son of a jeweler, it was to be expected that Challis might include metal work in their instruments, and handmade brass hinges were a signature detail. Their early instruments were traditionally constructed using traditional materials, but they evolved more than anyone else's. By the late 1950s their instruments still looked traditional from the outside, but were quite radical within: the frame and wrestplank were aluminum; bridges were brass; only the outer case was wood. Of their soundboard construction, Mr. Challis said, "This is my only secret"; Wolfgang Zuckermann (in their 1969 book The Modern Harpsichord) conjectured that they were anodized aluminum. Website postings by several harpsichord experts independently report that Challis' soundboards were not single aluminum sheets but are honeycombed.
The instruments had a clear and bright sound and stayed in tune through temperature and humidity changes. A Challis pedal harpsichord was used by E. Power Biggs on two Columbia Masterworks recordings of the music of J.S. Bach and two of Scott Joplin.
Makers who worked or apprenticed in their shop included William Dowd, Frank Rutkowski, and Stewart Pollens.
Kottick, in their authoritative A History of the Harpsichord, expresses admiration for Challis's innovative work, but also notes it was something of a dead end: during Challis's lifetime, the construction of harpsichords shifted strongly toward close imitation of the work of the historical master builders of the 18th century and earlier. Thus, Challis's harpsichords served as a something of a last hurrah for 20th century efforts to improve the harpsichord by using modern technology. The movement toward historicist construction was initiated, among others, by Challis's own student Dowd.
Notes
References
Kottick, Edward (2003) A history of the harpsichord. Bloomington: Indiana University Press.
External links
Report on restoration of Challis harpsichord with detailed structural information.
Page devoted to Challis pedal harpsichord held by Metropolitan Museum of Art with instrument details.
Time Music: Man from Ypsilanti (Jan. 24, 1944).
Ann Arbor News Ypsilanti spawned a harpsichord expert.
Harpsichord makers
1907 births
1974 deaths
People from South Lyon, Michigan
People from Ypsilanti, Michigan
SEROPI (Service Robot Platform Initiative) is a wheel based humanoid robot developed by KITECH (Korea Institute of Industrial Technology).
Since SEROPI has a human-like shape, it can effectively work within a human-friendly working space for visitor guidance, errand, and guard. SEROPI consists of three DOFs (Degree Of Freedom) of the neck, three DOFs of the waist, six DOFs of the two arms, and one DOF of the knee. Because of these joint structures, SEROPI can flexibly grip an object on a table or floor with the three fingers and transfer the object to some place. It is also self-balancing and move as a quick human walking. In the future, SEROPI could be used as a service robot platform equipped with touch sensors such that SEROPI can more safely perform the services like guidance, errand, and guard in a human-interactive environment such as a place of business or an exhibition hall.
Specifications
Dimension: 450x1250x450 mm (WHD).
Weight: 55 kg.
DOF: Hand 2DOF, Arm 6×2DOF, Waist 3DOF, Knee 1DOF, Neck 3DOF.
Moving Velocity: Maximum 2 m/s.
Working Area: from ground to eyesight.
Hand Payload: 1 kg.
Equipped Sensors: IR sensors, Scanning laser range finder, Force sensor, Force/Torque sensor, stereo vision, INS.
Functions and features
Prevention of collision with humans or objects by using 3-dimensional space perception sensors.
Large working (including the ground) area by using diverse and multiple joints like waist and knee.
Balance control by using the whole-body coordination and the four load-cell sensors at the bottom of the mobility.
Fast movement using four-wheel mobility instead of biped walking.
Diverse human-robot interactions by using voice, object recognition, face recognition, conversation, handshaking, etc.
Software architecture
Three-layered software architecture, which can provide flexibility, maintainability, reusability and scalability is used when an effective robot software design is needed. The HAL (Hardware Abstract Layer) provides a relatively uniform abstraction for aggregates of underlying hardware such that the underlying robotic hardware is transparent to the robot control software. This robot control software can be written in a hardware independent manner.
References
Humanoid robots
Rolling robots
Robots of South Korea
2000s robots
Joseph Walter Hoerner (November 12, 1936 – October 4, 1996) was an American professional baseball relief pitcher, who played 14 years in Major League Baseball (MLB), for seven different teams.
A native of Dubuque, Iowa they grew up in nearby Key West and attended Dubuque High School.
The left-handed hurler was signed by the Chicago White Sox as an amateur free agent before the 1957 season. At the MLB level, Hoerner played for the Houston Colt .45s (1963–1964), St. Louis Cardinals (1966–1969), Philadelphia Phillies (1970–72, 1975), Atlanta Braves (1972–1973), Kansas City Royals (1973–1974), Texas Rangers (1976), and Cincinnati Reds (1977).
Hoerner was used exclusively in relief during their 14-year big league career. They appeared in 493 games, and during their first six full seasons (1966–1971) had one of the lowest combined ERAs among all major league relief pitchers (2.16).
Hoerner was drafted by the Colt .45's from the White Sox in the 1961 minor league draft. They made their major league debut on September 27, 1963, against the New York Mets at Colt Stadium. In this particular game, Houston manager Harry Craft used a starting lineup of nine rookies, including Jerry Grote (20), Joe Morgan (20), Rusty Staub (19), and Jimmy Wynn (21). Hoerner pitched three scoreless innings as the Mets won, 10–3.
Hoerner was drafted by the Cardinals from the Houston Astros in the 1965 rule V draft, and this led to them being part of two pennant-winning teams, including the 1967 World Series champions. In game 3 of the 1968 World Series they became the first player in MLB history to get a hit in a World Series without having collected a hit in the regular season. In four seasons with St. Louis (1966–1969) Hoerner pitched in 206 games with a 19–10 record and 60 saves. They ranked in the National League top ten all four seasons for saves, and three times for games finished. On July 22, 1966 at Wrigley Field they hit their only major league home run, a 3-run shot, against Hall of Famer Ferguson Jenkins. During this time they also tied a National League record for relievers with 6 consecutive strikeouts vs. the Mets on June 1, 1968 They also appeared in five World Series games for the Cards, with a 0–1 record and one save.
Hoerner was traded to Philadelphia as part of the Curt Flood deal on October 7, 1969. They made the National League All-Star team in 1970, and their .643 winning percentage ranked sixth in the league. During 1971 that year they gave up Willie Mays' major league-leading 22nd and last career extra-inning home run at Candlestick Park. In 1971, at age 34, they finished the year with a 1.97 ERA, and their effectiveness declined after that season. However, they later gave up Willie McCovey's N.L. record-breaking 17th grand slam in 1977 at Riverfront Stadium. Their final major league appearance was on August 5, 1977. At the age of 40, they were the second-oldest player to appear in a National League game that season.
For their career they finished with a lifetime record of 39–34, 99 saves, 268 games finished, and an earned run average of 2.99. They struck out 412 and walked 181 In 562.2 innings pitched. Hoerner held All-Stars Bobby Bonds, Johnny Callison, Tommy Harper, Ed Kranepool, Joe Pepitone, and Bill White to a .070 collective batting average (5-for-71). They also held Hall of Famers Hank Aaron, Ernie Banks, Reggie Jackson, Willie Mays, Bill Mazeroski, Tony Pérez, Willie Stargell, and Carl Yastrzemski to a .101 collective batting average (9-for-89).
Hoerner died in a farming accident at the age of 59 in Hermann, Missouri.
References
External links
Joe Hoerner at SABR (Baseball BioProject)
Joe Hoerner at Baseball Gauge
Joe Hoerner at Baseball Library
Joe Hoerner at Astros Daily
Joe Hoerner at The Deadball Era
1936 births
1996 deaths
Sportspeople from Dubuque, Iowa
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Iowa
Houston Colt .45s players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Atlanta Braves players
Kansas City Royals players
Texas Rangers players
Cincinnati Reds players
National League All-Stars
Accidental deaths in Missouri
Farming accident deaths
Duluth-Superior White Sox players
Davenport DavSox players
Duluth-Superior Dukes players
Lincoln Chiefs players
Charleston ChaSox players
Charleston White Sox players
San Diego Padres (minor league) players
Savannah White Sox players
Lynchburg White Sox players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
San Antonio Bullets players
Indianapolis Indians players
People from Dubuque County, Iowa
The golden parrotbill (Suthora verreauxi) is a species of parrotbill in the family Sylviidae. It is found in China, Laos, Myanmar, Taiwan, and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Its scientific name commemorates French ornithologist and collector Jules Verreaux.
References
BirdLife International 2004. Paradoxornis verreauxi. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 26 July 2007.
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292–321 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
golden parrotbill
golden parrotbill
Birds of China
Birds of Laos
Birds of Taiwan
Birds of Yunnan
golden parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lea Wait was an American author of historical novels and mysteries, many set in Maine. They have written historical and contemporary books for children aged 7 and up, two books of nonfiction, and the Shadows Antique Print Mystery series and Mainely Needlepoint series for adults.
Biography
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, they grew up in a family where books were an important part of life. Them family summered in Maine. They did their undergraduate work at Chatham College - now Chatham University - in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and their graduate work at New York University, completing all requirements for a doctorate except for the dissertation, a 'DWD', and joining AT&T as a manager. Them grandmother was an antiques dealer, and in 1976 they started an antique print business and decided they should become a writer. They also, as a single parent, adopted four “older” girls born in Korea, Thailand, Hong Kong, and India.
In 1998, they left corporate life and moved to live in Edgecomb, Maine. They wrote and spoke about writing full-time. They married artist Bob Thomas in October 2003.
Lea Wait passed away in August 2019.
Publications
Antique Print Mysteries
Featuring Maggie Summer, antique dealer and community college professor.
Shadows at the Fair, 2003, nominated for an Agatha Award for Best First Novel.
Shadows on the Coast of Maine, 2003, a Mystery Guild Editor's Selection.
Shadows on the Ivy, 2004.
Shadows at the Spring Show, 2005.
Shadows of a Down East Summer, 2011
Shadows on a Cape Cod Wedding, 2013
Shadows on a Maine Christmas, 2014
Shadows on a Morning in Maine, 2016
Mainely Needlepoint Mysteries
Twisted Treads, 2015
Threads of Evidence, 2015
Thread and Gone, 2016
Dangling by a Thread, 2016
Tightening the Threads, 2017
Thread the Halls, 2017
Thread Herrings, 2018
Thread on Arrival, 2019
Thread and Buried, 2019
Children's Books
Stopping to Home, 2001, named a Notable Book for Children in 2001 by Smithsonian magazine.
Seaward Born, 2003.
Wintering Well, 2004, named one of "The Best Children's Books of 2004" by The Children's Book Committee at the Bank Street College of Education.
Finest Kind, 2006.
Uncertain Glory, 2014
Pizza to Die For, 2017
Non-fiction
The Only Writing Series You'll Ever Need: Writing Children's Books with Lesley Bolton, 2007
Living and Writing on the Coast of Maine, 2015
References
American mystery writers
American children's writers
Novelists from Maine
People from Edgecomb, Maine
1946 births
Living people
Chatham University alumni
American women novelists
Women mystery writers
21st-century American women
JDT may refer to:
Jamaica Dogsled Team
Johor Darul Takzim, a Malaysian state
Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C., a Malaysian football club
Journal of Dermatological Treatment
Judeo-Tat, a Judeo-Persian language
Julian date and time
Java Development Tools, part of the Eclipse IDE
Japan Daylight Time
Jon Dahl Tomasson, a Danish footballer and coach
1879 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Princeton Tigers
Events
Foundation of Michigan Wolverines
Association football
International
5 April — James F. M. Prinsep of Clapham Rovers becomes England's youngest international player at the age of 17 years and 252 when they make their debut (and only appearance) for England against Scotland. The record stands for more than 123 years until broken by Wayne Rooney in 2003.
England
FA Cup final – Old Etonians 1–0 Clapham Rovers at The Oval
Sunderland AFC is founded by a meeting of local schoolteachers and originally called Sunderland & District Teachers AFC. Non–teachers are allowed to play the following year when the club's name is changed to Sunderland AFC.
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Vale of Leven win by a walkover after Rangers refuse to appear in the replay due to a protest about a disallowed goal in the original match, drawn 1–1.
Baseball
National championship
National League champions – Providence Grays
Events
The National League agrees that no one else will hire any of five players listed by each club, the first reserve lists.
Boxing
Events
John J. Dwyer defeats former champion Jimmy Elliott in 12 rounds at Long Point, Canada, and then claims the Heavyweight Championship of America due to the continued inactivity of current champion Joe Goss and the main challenger Paddy Ryan. Their claim is not recognised. Subsequently, Dwyer becomes involved in a barroom brawl with Ryan in New York City.
John L. Sullivan turns professional and wins their first five known fights.
Cricket
Events
2–4 January — Australia defeats England by 10 wickets at Sydney Cricket Ground in the only Test match of the season
2 January — Fred Spofforth of Australia claims the first hat-trick in Test cricket
25 February — formation of Leicestershire County Cricket Club
England
Champion County – Lancashire and Nottinghamshire share the title
Most runs – W. G. Grace 880 @ 35.20 (HS 123)
Most wickets – Fred Morley 147 @ 10.70 (BB 8–52)
Australia
Most runs – George Ulyett 306 @ 34.00 (HS 71)
Most wickets – Tom Emmett 44 @ 11.63 (BB 8–47)
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Jamie Anderson
Horse racing
England
Grand National – The Liberator
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Wheel of Fortune
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Charibert
The Derby – Sir Bevys
The Oaks – Wheel of Fortune
St. Leger Stakes – Rayon d'Or
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Darriwell
Canada
Queen's Plate – Moss Rose
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Jupiter Tonans
Irish Derby Stakes – Soulouque
USA
Kentucky Derby – Lord Murphy
Preakness Stakes – Harold
Belmont Stakes – Spendthrift
Hurling
Events
The Irish Hurling Union formalises the sport for the first time.
Lacrosse
Events
The U.S. Amateur Lacrosse Association is formed and adopts the Canadian rules.
Rowing
The Boat Race
5 April — Cambridge wins the 36th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Events
Foundation of Bramley, Rosslyn Park F.C. and Warrington
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – John Hartley (GB) defeated Vere St. Leger Goold (GB) 6–2, 6–4, 6–2
World
The 3rd pre-open era 1879 Men's Tennis tour gets underway 12 tournaments are staged this year between 2 June – 28 December 1879.
References
Sports by year
Arif Aziz Sheikh is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-183 (Bahawalpur-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 71,394 votes and defeated Syed Sami-ul-Hassan Gilani, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly as a candidate for PPP from Constituency NA-183 (Bahawalpur-I) in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 61,891 votes and lost the seat to Syed Ali Hassan Gilani.
References
Living people
Pakistan People's Party politicians
People from Bahawalpur District
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Ireland cricket team played the Afghanistan national cricket team in 2010 in Sri Lanka. Owing to the security situation in Afghanistan, they are unable to play home games in their own country, and so play home series in various locations in the Middle East and Indian subcontinent. The teams played an Intercontinental Cup match, and also played in a 4 team Twenty20 series.
Intercontinental Cup Match
Twenty20 Internationals
Afghanistan and Ireland participated in two Twenty20 tournaments during this period:
A quadrangular Twenty20 tournament in Sri Lanka, together with Canada and Sri Lanka A. Ireland and Afghanistan played one game.
World Twenty20 Qualifier in the UAE, in which the two were drawn in the same group and played one game. The two also reached the final.
Quadrangular Series
World Twenty20 Qualifier
Afgh
2010 in cricket
The Embassy of the United States of America, Singapore is the diplomatic mission of the United States to Singapore. It is one of the largest American embassies in the Asia-Pacific region and the focal point for events relating to the United States held in Singapore.
It also provides assistance to American citizens and residents who live in Singapore and issues long term visas to Singapore nationals.
The office of the United States Ambassador to Singapore is currently held by Jonathan E. Kaplan, appointed with effect from 6 December 2021.
Location
The embassy is located at Tanglin Road. The closest Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station is Napier.
History
Early years
The first US diplomatic mission in Singapore was established in 1833 with the assignment of Joseph Balestier as consul. Although Singapore was an important free trade port, there was some question over whether Americans were legally allowed to conduct business there by the British, and so they were officially assigned to "Rhio (Riau, then a part of the Dutch East Indies) and such other places as are nearer thereto than to the Residence of any other Consul or Vice Consul of the United States" while residing in Singapore and mostly conducting business related to the territory. It was only in 1836 that an official consulate was established in Singapore with Balestier as consul. The post was promoted to a consulate-general in 1893.
20th century
The mission acquired the Spring Grove house in 1930 to house diplomats and opened a United States Information Service library on 26 Raffles Place in 1950 that the embassy claims "was so popular that bus services to downtown Singapore had to be extended through the evenings".
A new consulate building, the first to be built instead of acquired for this purpose, was opened on 30 Hill Road in 1961. Although the United States first proposed that the post be raised to embassy status in late 1965, the Singaporean government took a while to warm up to the idea as it gradually shifted to improve relations with the US while maintaining a non-aligned stance overall, and the promotion was finally agreed to and executed in April 1966.
Current location
During the 1990s, it was decided that the embassy is to moved to a new site at the Tanglin district for improved security and capacity measures, with several embassy properties being sold in 1989 to fund the nearly US$100 million cost of the new compound. In 1994, ground was broken and the construction of the new complex officially began. Designed by The Stubbins Associates, it was completed in 1997 after around two years.
Role in Singapore–United States relations
The embassy has been reprimanded at times by the Singapore government over what it states are "interference in Singapore's internal politics", dating back to the Hendrickson affair in 1988 which led to a major diplomatic fallout involving the recall of a diplomat each from both countries' embassies.
In May 2021, a minor event occurred after the embassy held a virtual seminar with an LGBT group about the economic benefits of inclusion worldwide, with Singaporean authorities stating that it amounted to U.S. interference in the national debate over the government's LGBT policies. It also declared that such domestic social and political matters are "choices for only Singaporeans to debate and decide." Embassy representatives refuted those allegations.
See also
United States Ambassador to Singapore
Singapore–United States relations
Embassy of Singapore in Washington, D.C.
Notes
References
External links
Official website – U.S. Embassy Singapore
Singapore
United States
Singapore–United States relations
Donald Joseph Klang (born January 23, 1985) is an American singer. They won Making the Band 4 and was awarded their own solo contract by Diddy. They released their debut album, Just a Rolling Stone, in late 2008.
Life and career
Klang was born in Brooklyn, New York. They began modeling as a baby and doing television and film work from a young age, getting minor roles on NYPD Blue to The Nanny. They were in a band in middle school, later attending chorus in high school. They were part of pop groups in St. Dominic High School and Island Trees High School, namely Playa Deception and INT. The latter which released an independent record called Hip-Pop. They attended Hofstra University briefly studying music management and business and minoring in music. Klang decided to take a semester off of college to pursue a music career with their group.
Klang had been in INT for nine years before it broke up because their parents wanted them to go back to school as the band was going nowhere. They auditioned for American Idol twice but never got past the first round. These events led to them being apprehensive of pursuing music further. Not long after returning to Hofstra and working at a warehouse, the opportunity came for Making the Band 4 and they again took time off from college in 2007. An acquaintance had entered their MySpace account into an audition which they later attended at the encouragement of their family. They were awarded their own solo contract by Diddy instead of a spot in the group. Klang released their debut album, Just a Rolling Stone, in late 2008 which peaked at number nineteen on the Billboard 200. They later opened for Janet Jackson in the fall.
Klang split with Bad Boy Records in mid-2010, signing with independent label Eight72 Entertainment. They began working on their second album at the same time. They later started their own record label, Donnie Klang Entertainment and released their first single "Falling 4U" in 2011. They also released a mixtape on Valentine's Day. "X-Miss" was also released as a single for Christmas in 2011.
Artistry
Klang has listed Boyz II Men, Dru Hill, NSYNC, Backstreet Boys, Usher, The Fray, OneRepublic, Justin Timberlake, Brian McKnight, Michael Jackson and James Brown as musical influences. They co-wrote most of Just a Rolling Stone.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
incumbent
1985 births
American male dancers
American male pop singers
American contemporary R&B singers
Atlantic Records artists
Bad Boy Records artists
Living people
Musicians from Brooklyn
Singers from New York City
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Charup is a village in Saraswati Taluka of Patan district of Gujarat state of India.
History
During Chaulukya rule, Charup was a large town populated predominantly by Jains. There is a large Jain temple dedicated to Parshwanath making it the place of pilgrimage among Jains. The chief deity is mentioned in the Prabhachandracharya's Prabhavak Charit dated Samvat 1334 (1278 CE). The temple was renovated in 1882 CE and a rest house was opened in 1900 CE.
References
Villages in Patan district
Milan Žurman (born 6 April 1961) is a former Slovenian football and futsal player who played as a forward. They spent the majority of their football career playing for the Slovenian club Maribor, where they played between 1981–1991 and 1996–1997. They were capped 276 times and scored 82 goals for Maribor in all competitions. They were also a member of another Slovenian club, Rudar Velenje, where they spent two seasons. Outside Slovenia, they only played for the Austrian lower league clubs. Beside football, they played futsal at the professional level, starting in 1984. After retirement, they became a manager in the Austrian lower divisions.
References
External links
PrvaLiga profile
1961 births
Living people
Yugoslav footballers
Slovenian footballers
Association football forwards
NK Maribor players
NK Rudar Velenje players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Slovenian football managers
Angh is a 2021 Naga short film directed, written and co-produced by Theja Rio. The film stars Amo Rio, Shekato Chishi and Johan Solo.
Synopsis
In the extremely rural parts of the North East of India, a village chief (a former headhunter) and their son remain the last people in the region to be converted into Christianity. Abandoned and living in isolation, they try their best to resist the social pressures of the new world.
Cast
Amo Rio as Angh
Shekato Chishi as Pastor
Johan Solo as Amao
Production
Casting
All the actors had no experience in acting prior to filming of the film. The rehearsal of the script took 3 months.
Filming
The film was shot in April 2019 on a Kodak Super 16mm which is rarely used in modern filmmaking.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Naga films
Films set in Nagaland
Films shot in Nagaland
Gao'an () is a county-level city in the northwest-central part of Jiangxi province, China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Yichun, and is located about 35 kilometers west from Nanchang, the provincial capital. It covers an area of 2439.33 square kilometers and has an estimated population of 1 million people. In 1993, it became a city comprising 20 smaller towns. It is well known for calligraphy and a thriving ceramics industry.
History
Gao'an County, founded in 201 B.C. was named Jiancheng (). Its administrative divisions today include Gao'an, Shanggao, Yifeng, Wangzai, and a part of Zhangshu.
In 4 A.D., Jiancheng County was changed into Duoju County, and then named Jiancheng again in 25 A.D. From 184 to 189, a part of Jiancheng was marked out to Shangcai County (now Shanggao County). In the late Eastern Han Dynasty (4 A.D.), under the "Three Kingdoms" situation, and Jiancheng County belonged to Sunwu power. From 22 to 228, respectively marked out a part of Jiancheng and Shangcai to be Yicheng County and Yangle County (now Wanzai County).
During Jin and Southern Dynasties, Jiancheng County still belonged to Yuzhang Shire. In 589, Sui Dynasty united the country, abolished Shangcai, merged Yangle, and then Yicheng belonged to Jiancheng again. At that time, Jiancheng County was changed into Hongzhou.
In 622, in order to avoid the name to be same with the Prince Li Jiancheng, the county was named as Gao'an. According to Taiping Huanyuji (), "the terrain is high but flat, so name it Gao'an" (). (Gao in Chinese means high, An in Chinese means flat.) In 624, Gao'an belonged to Yunzhou.
During five dynasties and ten states period, Gao'an belonged to Wu power at first, but was administrated by Nantang power later. In 981, marked out a part of Gao'an and Shanggao to be Xinchang County (now Yifeng County). In 1225, because the "Yun" in Yunzhou was the same pronunciation with the emperor Zhao Yun, and also at that time found a previous ganoderma lucidum in the mountain, which was regarded as a very auspicious sign, and then the name became Ruizhou (Juichow) ("Rui" in Chinese means auspicious sign). Therefore, Gao'an belonged to Ruizhou.
In 1932, the whole province was divided into 13 administrative regions, and Gao'an belonged to the first region. In 1935, there were 8 administrative regions, and Gao'an became one of the second region. In 1942, it adjusted to have 9 administrative regions, and Gao'an belonged to the first one again.
On July 10, 1949, Gao'an got liberated. 4 days later, Gao'an government was established, and belonged to Nanchang, Jiangxi province. Later on, Gao'an belonged to Yichun.
On December 8, 1993, the state council approved Gao'an to be a prefecture-level city, and governed by Yichun.
Geography
Location
Gao'an is located in the northwest-central of Jiangxi province, and belongs to [Middle-lower Yangtze Plain]. It covers an area of 2439 square kilometers.
Topography
The northern terrain in Gao'an is high, the southern is low, and the middle part is flat with hills, valleys and plains. The area of hills is 926.915 square kilometers, which is 38% of the total area. Water area is 254.343 square kilometers, which occupies 10.4%.
The altitude is between 40 and 100 meters. The north has extension of nine ridge mountains,the south has extension of Mengshan and Moshan, and the south-center has Heling and Fengling.Hua Linsaiin the north is the highest point in Gao'an, with the altitude of 800 meters.
Rivers
The mainly rivers are Jinhe and Xiaojiang. Jinhe flows from west to east, winding to the center of the city, arrives in Xinjian County and flows into Ganjiang finally. Xiaojiang passes the edge of the south, arrives in Fengchen and also flows into Ganjiang.
Climate
Gao'an is subtropical monsoon climate with four seasons, abundant rainfall, sufficient sunlight and long period of Frost-free. The annual average rainfall is 1677 mm. Rainy days are mainly between April and July, and the rainfall takes over 60% of the total, but it is easy to cause floods. From August to October, the rainfall is less and drought is easy to happen. The temperature varies from -13.1 °C to 41.1 °C, and the average temperature all around year is about 18.1 °C.
Scenic spots
Hua Linsai
It is located in Hualin Mountain of Gao'an, which is about 62 kilometers away from the city. It is the city's highest point.
Hao Helou
Hao Helou is a special architecture in Taiyang town, which is 47 kilometers away from the city center. This building was founded in late period of Ming Dynasty. It is famous as its special structure.
Da Guanlou
It stands at the north bank of Jinjiang, and also at the front of the government building. It was established in Tang Dynasty, with many reconstructions, finally in 1985, it became an important scenic spot.
Local specialty
The local specialty is fuzhu (), a collection of rolled-up dried tofu strips. It has a long history because of the excellent soybean ingredient and unique water quality of Jinhe. Gao'an fuzhu is of good quality, rich nutrition, and is a national, provincial and municipally-recognized item. The product is sold in more than 20 provinces and cities, and even international markets; some products have been sold to the United States, Kuwait and other countries.
Administrative divisions
In the present,Gao'an City has 2 subdistricts, 18 towns and 2 townships.
2 subdistricts
Ruizhou ()
Junyang ()
18 towns
2 townships
Shanghu ()
Wangjiaxu ()
Demographics
The population of the district was in 1999.
Transportation
The city is served by Gao'an railway station on the Hangzhou–Changsha high-speed railway.
Notes and references
External links
Government site -
Gao'an government net
Information of Gao'an
Administrative subdivisions of Jiangxi
Cities in Jiangxi
Maliuc is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Gorgova, Ilganii de Sus, Maliuc, Partizani, and Vulturu.
The commune lies on the Sulina branch of the river Danube, in the western third of the Danube Delta. It is located about east of the county seat, Tulcea.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
is a 2011 Japanese film that is based on a true story of an abandoned Akita Dog.
Cast
Hiroko Yakushimaru as Setsuko
Masahiro Komoto
Sawa Suzuki
Jun Yoshinaga
Daisuke Shima
Masaki Izawa
Toshinori Omi
Mansaku Fuwa
Koichi Ueda
Shiro Sano
Takashi Sasano
Mitsuru Hirata
References
External links
Toei Company films
Films about dogs
Drama films based on actual events
Japanese films based on actual events
2010s Japanese films
The Marshall Thundering Herd softball team represents Marshall University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Sun Belt Conference. They are currently coached by head coach Megan Smith. They play their home games at Dot Hicks Field. The Thundering Herd have made two NCAA Tournament appearances, most recently in 2017.
Year-by-year results
National Awards
All-Americans
Morgan Zerkle, SS - 2017 NFCA/Louisville Slugger All-American Second Team
Jordan Dixon, P - 2017 NFCA/Louisville Slugger All-American Third Team
Rachel Folden, C - 2006, 2007 NFCA/Louisville Slugger All-American Second Team; 2005, 2008 NFCA/Louisville Slugger All-American Third Team
NFCA Golden Shoe Award
Morgan Zerkle – 2015
Elicia D'Orazio – 2017
References
External links
Official website
Sport clubs established in 1994
Joseph Hara (December 29, 1925 – December 24, 2017) was an American business person and philanthropist. Hara was best known for their time at Tupperware, where they served as a President and CEO of Tupperware Worldwide for 20 years. Under their leadership, the company expanded to over 35 countries and 23 manufacturing plants.
Biography
During World War II, Hara served in the South Pacific as a radio operator on airplanes. They started their career as a door-to-door stocking salesperson. Shortly after, they and their brother Sam Hara opened Hara's Linen and Children's Wear in Chicago.
In 1951 Hara learned about a burgeoning product called Tupperware. They established their first distributorship, Par-T-Wise, with their cousin Jim Hara. Par-T-Wise quickly grew to become the largest Tupperware distributorship in the U.S with 35 managers and over 800 sales agents.
In 1963, Hara divided their Midwest distributorship into 8 different territories and sold them off to move to Orlando with their family to join the Tupperware management team as Vice President of Sales. In Orlando, Hara forged strong relationships with Tupperware President Hamer Wilson and Chairman, Justin Dart.
In 1966, Hara was named as the President of Tupperware, U.S. and in 1970 they were promoted to President of Tupperware, International. Under Hara's leadership, Tupperware experienced unprecedented growth worldwide. Hara was featured on CBS's 60 Minutes in 1976 alongside Morley Safer.
Hara was an early champion of women in the workplace. In 2016 they wrote the following remembrance of their tenure leading Tupperware. "In the past 70 years of my life I have had the enormous pleasure of witnessing the untapped reservoir of female intelligence. The truth is that women dominate intellectually. I have observed this in my economic life having been exposed to thousands of women who, being made aware there are no restrictions, no limit to what they are free to achieve, do incredible things."
Philanthropy
Hara and their wife were extremely active in Orlando and the Jewish Community. They were particularly proud of their involvement with JFS, an organization that provides food and counseling to people from all walks of life. They had also been longtime supporters of: The Jewish Federation of Orlando, the Holocaust Memorial Resource and Education Center, TOP Jewish Foundation, Foundation for Blindness, Habitat for Humanity, Orlando Museum of Art, United Way Human Resources, Friends of Santa Claus, The Jewish Academy, Congregation Ohev Shalom, Kinneret Council on Aging, the Brevard Music Festival, among others. They had both served on many of their boards throughout the years.
Personal life and death
Hara and their wife Anita Greenberg were married in 1947 in Chicago and resided in Longwood, Florida. They had 3 children, 6 grandchildren and 2 great grandchildren.
Hara died on December 24, 2017 surrounded by their family in their home in Longwood, Florida. Their wife of more than 70 years, Anita, died four months later at the age of 92.
References
1925 births
American retail chief executives
2017 deaths
American military personnel of World War II
HMS Ardrossan was a s built for the Royal Navy during the Second World War.
Design and description
The Bangor class was designed as a small minesweeper that could be easily built in large numbers by civilian shipyards; as steam turbines were difficult to manufacture, the ships were designed to accept a wide variety of engines. Ardrossan displaced at standard load and at deep load. The ship had an overall length of , a beam of and a draught of . The ship's complement consisted of 60 officers and ratings.
They were powered by two Metrovick-Curtis geared steam turbines, each driving one shaft, using steam provided by two Admiralty three-drum boilers. The engines produced a total of and gave a maximum speed of . Ardrossan carried a maximum of of fuel oil that gave them a range of at .
The turbine-powered Bangors were armed with a anti-aircraft gun and a single QF 2-pounder (4 cm) AA gun. In some ships the 2-pounder was replaced a single or twin 20 mm Oerlikon AA gun, while most ships were fitted with four additional single Oerlikon mounts over the course of the war. For escort work, their minesweeping gear could be exchanged for around 40 depth charges.
Construction and career
Ardrossan was built by Blyth Shipbuilding Company, at Blyth, Northumberland and launched on 22 July 1941. Thus far they have been the only ship of the Royal Navy named after the Scottish town of Ardrossan. They had a relatively quiet wartime career and was sold on 1 January 1948 for breaking up. They arrived at the breaker's yard at Thornaby-on-Tees on 19 August 1948.
References
Bibliography
Warlow, Ben, Lt. Cdr., Royal Navy (2004) Battle Honours of the Royal Navy, Maritime Books: Liskeard, UK
External links
HMS Ardrossan at Uboat.net
Bangor-class minesweepers of the Royal Navy
Ships built on the River Blyth
1941 ships
World War II minesweepers of the United Kingdom
Transversotrematidae is a family of trematodes in the order Plagiorchiida. It is the only family in the superfamily Transversotrematoidea, which is the only superfmaily in the suborder Transversotremata. It has been synonymised with Circuitiocoeliidae Wang, 1981, Squamacolidae Pan & Wang, 1985, and Transversotrematinae Witenberg, 1944.
Genera
Circuitiocoelium Wang, 1981
Crusziella Cribb, Bray & Barker, 1992
Prototransversotrema Angel, 1969
Transversotrema Witenberg, 1944
References
Plagiorchiida
Trematode families
Md Shafeenul Islam BGBM(Bar), ndc, psc is a former Major General in Bangladesh Army and former Director General of Border Guards Bangladesh.
Early life
Shafeenul Islam was born on 2 March 1966 in Tilakpur, Joypurhat District. They joined the Bangladesh Military Academy on 25 June 1984. They were commissioned with 14th BMA Long course on 27 June 1986 in the Corps of Infantry of the Bangladesh Army.  They are a graduate of Defence Services Command and Staff College and National Defence College, Bangladesh. They obtained two master's degrees in defence studies, one from National University, Bangladesh and another from King Abdul Aziz University, Saudi Arabia.
Career
Shafeen has commanded several units or formations including an infantry battalion, a battle-group and two infantry brigades. As a staff officer, they served as the brigade major of an infantry brigade, and then served as an instructor at the School of Infantry & Tactics and at the Defence Services Command and Staff College, in Mirpur. They have also served in the DGFI as Director CIB, AFD as DG Intelligence.
Their operational service includes a deployment in support of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq as an observer.
They were appointed to the Bangladesh Tea Board on 14 February 2016 as its chairperson. During their tenure as chairperson, they promoted the diversification of tea products including introducing pickles made from tea to the Bangladesh Tea Expo. They were appointed as the Director General of Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) in March 2018 replacing Major General Abul Hossain.On 18 February 2022, Major General Shakil Ahmed became the director general of BGB by replacing them and General Shafeen brought back to Armed Forces from deputation.
Achievements
As the DG BGB, Shafeen reduced border violence. Within a short period as DG, they visited almost all the remote bordering areas and border outposts, where they talked with deployed BGB members and inquired about their well-being. Shafeen has also assisted the government to handle Rohingya issues along the border.
Shafeenul Islam was praised by the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina, for their efforts to diversify tea products including using tea to make pickles and cosmetic products.
Family life
Shafeenul is married to Shoma Islam. The couple have only a daughter. Shafeen's father, Colonel Md Nurul Islam, an Army Medical Corps officer also served in the Bangladesh Army for 33 years before retiring in 1994. Their only brother, Air Commodore Sitwat Nayeem, is a fighter pilot in the Bangladesh Air Force and their sister, Shahneela Islam, is self employed.
References
Living people
1966 births
Bangladesh Army generals
Director Generals of Border Guards Bangladesh
The Burundian Basketball League (in French: Championnat National), for sponsorship reason the Viva Basketball League, is a semi-professional basketball league that is the highest level of the sport in Burundi. The defending champion is New Star. The league is organised by the Fédération de Basketball du Burundi (FEBABU).
In 2022, the league signed a 4-year contract to be sponsored by the malt drink Viva; the winners of the league win prize money of 10 million FBu (approximeately $ 4,800).
Current teams
The following 10 teams played in the 2020 season.
Champions
References
External links
FEBABU official Facebook
Basketball in Burundi
Basketball leagues in Africa
Sports leagues in Burundi
The ice cream wars were turf wars in the East End of Glasgow, Scotland, in the 1980s between rival criminal organisations selling drugs and stolen goods from ice cream vans. Van operators were involved in frequent violence and intimidation tactics, the most notable example of which involved a driver and their family who were killed in an arson attack that resulted in a twenty-year court battle. The conflicts generated widespread public outrage, and earned the Strathclyde Police the nickname of "Serious Chimes Squad" (a pun on Serious Crime Squad) for its perceived failure to address them.
Conflicts
In the 1980s Glasgow, some ice cream vendors also sold drugs and stolen goods along their routes, using the ice cream sales as fronts. A turf war erupted between these vendors related to competition over the lucrative illegal activity, including intimidation of rival ice cream van operators. During the conflict, rival vendors raided each other's ice cream vans and used shotguns to fire into the windscreens of the vehicles.
The peak of the violence came on 16 April 1984 with the murder by arson of six members of the Doyle family, in the Ruchazie housing estate. 18-year-old Andrew Doyle, nicknamed "Fat Boy", a driver for the Marchetti firm, had resisted being intimidated into distributing drugs on their run, and attempts to take over their run – resistance that had already led to them being shot by an unidentified assailant through the windscreen of their van.
A further so-called frightener was planned against Doyle. At 02:00, the door on the landing outside the top-floor flat in Ruchazie where Doyle lived with their family was doused with petrol and set alight. The members of the Doyle family, and three additional guests who were staying in the flat that night, were asleep at the time. The resulting blaze killed five people, with a sixth dying later in hospital: James Doyle, aged 53; their daughter Christina Halleron, aged 25; their 18-month-old son Mark; and three of Mr Doyle's sons, James, Andrew (the target of the intimidation), and Tony, aged 23, 18, and 14 respectively.
Court case
The ensuing public outrage at the deaths was considerable. Strathclyde Police arrested several people over the following months, eventually charging six. Four were tried and convicted of offences relating to the vendettas. The remaining two, Thomas "T C" Campbell and Joe Steele, were tried for the murders, convicted unanimously (unanimity is not required in Scotland) and sentenced to life imprisonment, of which they were to serve no fewer than twenty years according to the judge's recommendation. Campbell was also separately convicted (again with the jury returning a unanimous verdict) of involvement in the earlier shotgun attack, and sentenced to serve ten years in prison for that crime.
What ensued was a twenty-year court battle by Campbell and Steele, one of the more contentious in Scottish legal history, and, in the later words of Campbell's solicitor, Aamer Anwar, "twenty years of hunger strikes, prison breakouts, demonstrations, political pressure, solitary isolation, prison beatings, [and] legal fight after legal fight".
The Crown's case against Campbell and Steele rested on three pieces of evidence:
A witness, William Love, stated that they had overheard Campbell, Steele, and others in a bar discussing how they would teach "Fat Boy" Doyle a lesson by setting fire to their house.
The police stated that Campbell had made a statement, recorded by four officers, that, "I only wanted the van [windows] shot up. The fire at Fat Boy's was only meant to be a frightener which went too far."
The police stated that a photocopied A–Z street map of Glasgow, on which the Doyle house in Bankend St was marked with an X, was found in Campbell's flat.
According to the Crown, Campbell was a man with a record of violence, having already served separate prison sentences in the 1970s and early 1980s, who had entered the ice cream van business in 1983 and had been keen to protect their "patch" against the rival Marchetti firm; and Steele was Campbell's henchman, a sidekick recruited to help with the dirty work in Campbell's planned campaign of violence against Marchetti drivers and vans.
The defence rejected the Crown's evidence during the twenty-seven day trial, and afterwards Campbell continued to assert that they had been "fitted up" by both Love and the police. Campbell described Love during the trial as "a desperado" who had been willing to be a witness, pointing the finger at (in Campbell's words) "any one of us" to avoid going to prison himself, having been granted bail in exchange for testimony. Campbell denied that they had made any such statement to the police as was claimed, asserted that the police had planted the map in their house, and claimed that when they had been arrested and taken to Baird Street police station, a senior police officer had told him, "This is where we do the fitting up. I am going to nail you to the wall." They stated that at the time of the fire they had been at home with their wife. Steele also gave an alibi for the time of the fire.
After conviction, Campbell and Steele tried to have their conviction overturned in 1989, but failed. Several years later, in 1992, journalists Douglas Skelton and Lisa Brownlie wrote a book, Frightener, about the conflicts and the trial. They interviewed Love for the book, who stated, and later signed affidavits attesting, that they had lied under oath. In Love's own words: "I did so because it suited my own selfish purposes. The explanation as to why I gave evidence is this: The police pressurised me to give evidence against Campbell, who they clearly believed was guilty of arranging to set fire to Doyle's house."
As a result, both Campbell and Steele engaged in campaigns of protest to attempt to publicise their cases. Steele escaped from prison several times, to make high-profile demonstrations, including a rooftop protest and supergluing themselves to the railings at Buckingham Palace. Campbell protested whilst remaining in HM Prison Barlinnie, going on hunger strike, refusing to cut their hair, and making a documentary. After a lengthy legal argument, the Secretary of State for Scotland referred the case to the appeal court, granting Campbell and Steele interim freedom pending its outcome.
The appeal failed when the three judges reached a split decision on whether the fresh evidence relating to Love's testimony (and relating to a potentially exculpatory statement made to the police by Love's sister, which had not been disclosed to the defence at the trial) would have significantly affected the outcome of the original trial and thus should be heard. Lord Cullen and Lord Sutherland both opined that it would have not, with Lord McCluskey dissenting. Campbell and Steele were returned to prison.
The legal fight continued. A further petition was presented to the Scottish Secretary asking for the case to be referred back to the Court of Appeal. Donald Dewar refused to refer the case, because they did not "believe that they present[ed] grounds for a referral of the case to the appeal court". Solicitors for Campbell and Steele then took the case to the then newly created Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission, which took up the case.
The Commission first requested and received material from the Crown Office. It then went to court to obtain further Crown paperwork relating to the case, including government correspondence. The Crown fought against the release of the paperwork, on the grounds that the Commission had not justified it gaining access to the paperwork and that the papers were in the same category as paperwork that the Commission had already been denied access to by Scottish Executive's Justice Department. Lord Clarke ruled in favour of the Commission being granted access to the paperwork, stating that "The commission [has] a statutory obligation to carry out a full, independent and impartial investigation into alleged miscarriages of justice" and that "Legislation under which [it acts] was clearly designed to give the widest powers to perform that duty."
Appeal
The Commission decided that the case should be referred back to the appeal court. Pending the outcome of the appeal Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Gill, granted Campbell and Steele interim freedom a second time.
Three years later, the appeal was heard by the appeal court, and it succeeded. Lord Gill, Lord MacLean, and Lord Macfadyen quashed the convictions as a result of hearing new evidence and because of what they stated to be significant misdirection of the jury by the judge at the original trial. Dr Gary Macpherson, a consultant forensic clinical psychologist instructed by the Crown, questioned the ecological validity of the laboratory studies, however the new evidence, which was not contradicted by the Crown, was from Brian Clifford, a professor of cognitive psychology, who testified that the recollection of Campbell's statement by the four police officers at the time of the original trial was "too exact", centering on an identical 24-word phrase which featured in every account: "I only wanted the van windaes shot up. The fire at Fat Boy's was only meant to be a frightener which went too far." Clifford had performed studies where they tested people in Scotland and England on their ability to recall a statement that they had just heard. Their results were that people only recalled between 30% and 40% of the actual words they heard, and that the highest score obtained by anyone in the experiment on a 24-word phrase was 17 words out of the 24 used. They stated that these results "strongly suggested that it was not at all likely" that the officers would be able to record Campbell's statement "in such similar terms" without having compared or collaborated on their accounts. The appeal judges concluded that "any jury hearing Prof. Clifford's evidence would have assessed the evidence of the arresting police officers in an entirely different light" and that the evidence "is of such significance that the verdicts of the jury, having been returned in ignorance of it, must be regarded as miscarriages of justice". Campbell (represented by Aamer Anwar and Maggie Scott QC) and Steele were freed.
The original trial judge, Lord Kincraig, who had told Campbell and Steele in court at the original trial that they regarded them as "vicious and dangerous men", at that point in their 80s and having been retired for 18 years, spoke out against the ruling of the appeal court days afterward, stating that they could not "accept there was a conspiracy among the police". At the original trial they had instructed the jury that to believe Campbell and Steele's assertions was to accept that "not one or two or four but a large number of detectives have deliberately come here to perjure themselves, to build up a false case against an accused person" and to accept the implication that there had been a conspiracy by police officers of the "most sinister and serious kind" to "saddle the accused wrongly with the crimes of murder and attempted murder, and a murder of a horrendous nature". After the convictions were quashed, they criticised the appeal court for "[usurping] the function of the jury" in that "[t]he function of the jury is to decide questions of fact not law" and that the appeal court "seem[s] to have said that evidence is not believable, which is the jury's province. That's a decision in fact. The court of appeal has decided in fact the jury was wrong."
Campbell called for a fresh investigation of the murder of the Doyle family, accusing Tam McGraw both of the original murders and of instigating a campaign over 20 years to ensure that Campbell remained in jail and was silenced, including repeated attempts on Campbell's life. But commentators considered it unlikely that a fresh investigation would be launched as a result of the convictions being quashed and the fresh evidence that had been presented since the original trial. This was in part because claims by Campbell against a man whom they are regarded as hating are viewed with scepticism (his stabbing in 2002 was believed at the time to be part of a long running tit-for-tat feud between the two men), and in part because two police officers who had been heavily involved in the case had since died: The body of Detective Superintendent Norrie Walker was found in a fume-filled car in 1988. Detective Chief Superintendent Charles Craig, head of the Criminal Investigation Department at the time of the murders, died in 1991 aged 57.
Later developments
Thomas "T C" Campbell died in June 2019.
Notes
References
Further reading
– The Scotsman's index of its coverage of the Glasgow "ice cream war" case.
— a detailed study of Clifford's research and testimony, its analysis during the appeal hearing, its consequences, and several related cases
– McGraw was arrested as a suspect for the killings of the Doyle family at one point.
– Campbell's own account of their trial and subsequent incarceration
1984 in Scotland
1980s in Glasgow
1980s conflicts
Crime in Glasgow
Ice cream
Ice cream vans
Illegal drug trade in the United Kingdom
Business rivalries
Organised crime conflicts in the United Kingdom
Organised crime in Scotland
Drugs in Scotland
Marlene Ambo-Rasmussen (born 14 March 1986 in Magleby on Langeland) is a Danish politician, who is a member of the Folketing for the Venstre political party. They have a background as a disability assistant. They were elected into parliament in the 2019 Danish general election.
Political career
Ambo-Rasmussen first ran in the 2015 Danish general election, though did not get elected. They received 2,239 personal votes, which got them elected as a substitute member of the Folketing in the 2015-2019 term, though they were not called upon during the term. In the 2019 election they received 6,312 personal votes, securing them a seat in the Folketing.
External links
Biography on the website of the Danish Parliament (Folketinget)
References
Living people
1986 births
People from Langeland Municipality
21st-century Danish women politicians
Venstre (Denmark) politicians
Women members of the Folketing
Members of the Folketing 2019–2023
Linden General Hospital was "a 78-bed private health facility in a rundown part of Brooklyn's East New York section." It was a "two-story brick" building located at 501 New Lots Avenue.
History
The building previously housed .
Linden General Hospital was founded as a privately owned hospital in 1933, and sold twice, once to a dentist, the second time to two doctors. Fees for service to patients from Medicaid and Medicare comprised "most of" their income. Due to various lackings, the hospital lost accreditation and subsequently funding. It subsequently closed, and the 1920-built building became a homeless shelter.
Loss of funding
For "life-threatening fire and health violations", Linden General lost certification and funding but this situation, due to insufficient coordination among Federal, state and city oversight authorities, did not lead to an immediate closure. One factor was that the state "did not have legal jurisdiction over proprietary hospitals in the city" were initially observed. Following "lengthy legal battles in which the state was hampered by lack of staff" the hospital closed.
References
Defunct hospitals in Brooklyn
Petrelaea is a small genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. Its species are found in the Australasian and Indomalayan realms.
Species
Petrelaea dana (de Nicéville, 1884)
Petrelaea tombugensis (Röber, 1886) New Guinea, Celebes, Thursday Island, Sulawesi, Sula, Solomon Islands, North Australia, Ogasawara Island.
External links
Funet Taxonomy Distribution
Images representing Petrelaea at Bold
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus
Universal causation is the proposition that everything in the universe has a cause and is thus an effect of that cause. This means that if a given event occurs, then this is the result of a previous, related event. If an object is in a certain state, then it is in that state as a result of another object interacting with it previously.
The idea of universal causation is formulated in western philosophy similarly for ages, however the formulations contain some profound differences in methodology and philosophical assumptions.
Examples:
In contrast, Bertrand Russell argued (in 1912) that the law of causation as usually stated by philosophers is false and is not used in sciences (maybe with exception of their infancy). However their position on universal causation evolved and "was not as naive as it may have appeared". In 1927 Russell writes that the notion of universal causation marks the beginnings of science and philosophy.
Philosophers who do believe in exception-less, universal, fundamental laws of nature are in recent times more often referred to as "fundamentalists", however these who present "anti-laws" efforts (for instance showing that in many cases laws of sciences are ceteris paribus laws) "pluralists" are in the minority.
As axioms of causality
According to William Whewell (hypothetico-deductivist view) the concept of universal causation depends on three axioms:
Nothing takes place without a cause.
The magnitude of an effect is proportional to the magnitude of its cause.
To every action there is an equal and opposed reaction.
Whewell writes that the first axiom is so clear that it requires no proof if only the idea of cause is understood.
Example
Example for the axiom: if a baseball is moving through the air, it must be moving this way because of a previous interaction with another object, such as being hit by a baseball bat.
Criticism
An epistemological axiom is a self-evident truth. Thus the "Axiom of Causality" claims to be a universal rule that is so obvious that it does not need to be proved to be accepted. Even among epistemologists, the existence of such a rule is controversial.
As Law of Universal Causation or Principle of Universal Causation (PUC)
John Stuart Mill describes the Law of Universal Causation in following way:
Contrary to hypothetico-deductivists Mill focuses on inductive reasoning and observations in framing of the Law of Universal Causation i.e. uses basic features of experimental methods and convinces, after critical analysis, that this law is proved by induction better than any other of subordinate generalizations.
Also popular proof and answer to skepticism (for instance that of David Hume) is that PUC has been true in so many cases, that (using basic inductivist scientific method enumerative inductive reasoning) it is reasonable to say that it is true in every case, moreover counter-example i.e. event that does not have a cause is hard to conceive.
Criticism
Modern version of law of universal causation is connected with Newtonian physics, but is also criticized for instance by David Hume who presents skeptical reductionist view on causality. Since then their view on the concept of causality is often predominating (see Causality, After the Middle Ages). Kant answered to Hume in many aspects, defending the priority of universal causation.
In 2017 book Robert C. Koons & Timothy Pickavance point out four objections to Universal Causation:
If we additionally assume mereological universalism, universal causation doesn't exclude self-causation, which is controversial.
Pluralized causal principle - there are pluralized versions of universal causation, that allow exceptions to the principle.
Robert K. Meyer's causal chain principle, uses set theory axioms, assumes that something must cause itself in set of causes and so universal causation doesn't exclude self-causation.
Against infinite regress.
Spontaneity
One implication of Universal Causation is that if a phenomenon appears to occur without any observable external cause, the cause must be internal.
Variation
Another implication of the Universal Causation is that all change in the universe is a result of the continual application of physical laws.
Determinism
If all events are cause and effect relationships that follow universal rules, then all events—past, present and future—are theoretically determinate.
First Cause and possible exceptions
If all effects are the result of previous causes, then the cause of a given effect must itself be the effect of a previous cause, which itself is the effect of a previous cause, and so on, forming an infinite logical chain of events that can have no beginning.
Exception for the Universal Causation - First Cause is sometimes pointed out to be logically necessary for it to not contradict itself. Infinite chain of events is hard to conceive in finite world. The answer is looped chain of events. But this is also questioned as the whole loop would have no cause. However it can not be ruled out that the Universe is infinite in time.
Other exceptions are pointed out - every:
contingent and unnecessary
causable
that have beginning
finite
things are caused.
See also
Principle of sufficient reason
Trademark argument
Causal adequacy principle
Causality principle
References
External links
Causality
Philosophy of physics
Philosophy of science
The port of Luanda is an Angolan port located in the city of Luanda, the national capital, in the province of Luanda. It is connected to the city center of Luanda and the district of Ingombota. It is located in the Luanda Bay, which is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by the island of Luanda.
The port belongs to the Angolan government, which is responsible for its administration through the public company Porto de Luanda E.P.. This company was established to administer the license for terminals for loading and unloading, in addition to the passenger terminal.
Together with the ports of Lobito (Benguela), Moçamedes (Namibe), Soyo (Zaire) and Cabinda (Cabinda), it forms the largest port complexes in the country. It is the largest port in the country, in addition to being the main import and export terminal for long-haul cargo in the nation.
The port is the outlet point of the Luanda railway, which carries cargo from the city of Malanje in the Malanje Province. Another important outflow connection is made via the EN-100 highway.
References
Luanda
The cervical spinal nerve 8 (C8) is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the cervical vertebra 7 (C7).
Innervation
The C8 nerve forms part of the radial and ulnar nerves via the brachial plexus, and therefore has motor and sensory function in the upper limb.
Sensory
The C8 nerve receives sensory afferents from the C8 dermatome. This consists of all the skin on the little finger, and continuing up slightly past the wrist on the palmar and dorsal aspects of the hand and forearm. Clinically a test of the pad of the little finger is often used to assess C8 integrity.
Motor
The C8 nerve contributes to the motor innervation of many of the muscles in the trunk and upper limb. Its primary function is the flexion of the fingers, and this is used as the clinical test for C8 integrity, in conjunction with the finger jerk reflex.
The particular muscles receive innervation from C8 (shown by specific nerve and spinal nerve segments; muscles in italics only have a minor contribution from C8) :
Trunk
Pectoralis major - Medial and lateral pectoral nerves (C5, C6, C7, C8, T1)
Pectoralis minor - Medial pectoral nerve (C5, C6, C7, C8, T1)
Latissimus dorsi - Thoracodorsal nerve (C6, C7, C8)
Upper arm
Triceps brachii - Radial nerve (C6, C7, C8)
Forearm
Flexor carpi ulnaris - Ulnar nerve (C7, C8, T1)
Palmaris longus - Median nerve (C7, C8)
Flexor digitorum superficialis - Median nerve (C8, T1)
Flexor digitorum profundus - Median and Ulnar nerves (C8, T1)
Flexor pollicis longus - Median nerve (C7, C8)
Pronator quadratus - Median nerve (C7, C8)
Extensor carpi radialis brevis - Deep branch of the radial nerve (C7, C8)
Extensor digitorum - Posterior interosseous nerve (C7, C8)
Extensor digiti minimi - Posterior interosseous nerve (C7, C8)
Extensor carpi ulnaris - Posterior interosseous nerve (C7, C8)
Anconeus - Radial nerve (C6, C7, C8)
Abductor pollicis longus - Posterior interosseous nerve (C7, C8)
Extensor pollicis brevis - Posterior interosseous nerve (C7, C8)
Extensor pollicis longus - Posterior interosseous nerve (C7, C8)
Extensor indicis - Posterior interosseous nerve (C7, C8)
Hand
Palmaris brevis - Superficial branch of ulnar nerve (C8, T1)
Dorsal interossei - Deep branch of ulnar nerve (C8, T1)
Palmar interossei - Deep branch of ulnar nerve (C8, T1)
Adductor pollicis - Deep branch of ulnar nerve (C8, T1)
Lumbricals - Deep branch of ulnar nerve, Digital branches of median nerve
Opponens pollicis - Recurrent branch of median nerve (C8, T1) Abductor pollicis brevis - Recurrent branch of median nerve (C8, T1) Flexor pollicis brevis - Recurrent branch of median nerve (C8, T1) Opponens digiti minimi - Deep branch of ulnar nerve (C8, T1) Abductor digiti minimi - Deep branch of ulnar nerve (C8, T1) Flexor digiti minimi brevis - Deep branch of ulnar nerve (C8, T1)''
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
The Chilung Volcanoes () are a group of extinct volcanoes located in northern Taiwan, lying to the east of Taipei and Keelung (Chilung), and adjoining the northern coast of the island of Taiwan. Together with Mount Guanyin and the Tatun Volcano Group, it belongs to the northern Taiwan volcanic province, constituting the western end of the island chains of the Ryukyu arc. Five separate bodies can be distinguished: Chilungshan (Mount Keelung), Penshan, Wutanshan, Tsaoshan and Chimuling.
The group is mainly composed of andesite, although there is some heterogeneity caused by the mixing between mantle-derived and continental material. Aging of andesite, biotite, and zircon samples have yielded age estimates between 0.8 and 1.7 Ma. It comprises the largest gold-copper deposits of Taiwan.
See also
Ruifang, Taipei
Jiufen
References
Landforms of New Taipei
Pleistocene volcanoes
Volcanoes of Taiwan
Gabela is a town, with a population of 116,903 (2014), and a commune, named Gabela Sede, in the municipality of Amboim, province of Cuanza Sul, Angola and the seat of that municipality. The area of the commune comprises 459 km2 with a population of 184,723. It was founded as N'Guebela on September 28, 1907.
Around the town, some areas of the Angolan Scarp savanna and woodlands with its unique plants and animals are still to be found. The Gabela akalat (Sheppardia gabela), a species of bird, was first recorded here by scientists and subsequently named after the town, as were the Gabela helmet-shrike (Prionops gabela) and Gabela bush-shrike (Laniarius amboimensis); these endangered species are only found in the uplands near Gabela.
Mining and transport
Gabela used to have a mine with a narrow gauge railway to Porto Amboim.
References
Populated places in Cuanza Sul Province
Communes in Cuanza Sul Province
is a novel by the Japanese author Yasunari Kawabata. It was originally serialized in a newspaper before eventually being compiled into a novel in 1930.
Plot
In the 1920s, Asakusa was to Tokyo what Montmartre had been to 1890s Paris, Alexanderplatz was to 1920s Berlin and Times Square was to be to 1940s New York. The Scarlet Gang of Asakusa describes the decadent allure of this entertainment district, where beggars and teenage prostitutes mixed with revue dancers and famous authors. Originally serialized in a Tokyo daily newspaper Tokyo Asahi between 20 December 1929 and February 16, 1930, this vibrant novel uses unorthodox, kinetic literary techniques to reflect the raw energy of Asakusa, seen through the eyes of a wandering narrator and the cast of mostly female juvenile delinquents who show them their way of life.
The original newspaper serialization was incomplete. The remaining sections were published concurrently in two literary journals, Reconstruction (Kaizō, volume 12, number 9) and New Currents (Shinchō, volume 27, number 9).
Markedly different from Kawabata's later work, The Scarlet Gang of Asakusa was greatly influenced by Western modernism. The annotated edition of this novel, translated by Alisa Freedman, includes the original illustrations by Ota Saburo and a foreword and an afterword by Donald Richie.
References
1930 novels
Japanese-language novels
20th-century Japanese novels
Novels by Yasunari Kawabata
Novels first published in serial form
Novels set in Tokyo
Works originally published in Japanese newspapers
Asakusa
Florensky is a lunar impact crater that is attached to the northeastern rim of the larger crater Vernadskiy. It is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be directly seen from the Earth. The rim of this crater has been heavily eroded and it forms an irregular ring about the uneven interior. This crater was previously identified as Vernadskiy B before being assigned a name by the IAU in 1985.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Yolande Speedy (born December 30, 1976 in Johannesburg) is a South African professional mountain biker. They have claimed two gold medals in the women's elite cross-country race at the African Mountain Bike Championships (2007 and 2013), and also represented their nation South Africa at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2007 Speedy competed in the Absa Cape Epic Mixed Category with teammate Paul Cordes, winning the category. They claimed 1st place again in 2013, this time in the Women's Category with teammate Catherine Williamson. Throughout their sporting career, Speedy has been training as an amateur rider for the IMC Racing Activeworx Mountain Biking Team, until they turned professional in 2010 and thereby raced for more than three seasons on .
Speedy qualified for the South African squad, as a lone female rider, in the women's cross-country race at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing by finishing first and receiving an automatic berth from the UCI African Championships and by recording dominant triumphs in the final stage of the Mazda MTN National Cross-Country Series in Nelspruit. With only two laps left to complete the race, Speedy suffered from a heat-related fatigue, and instead decided to pull off directly from the course, finishing only in twenty-second place.
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1976 births
Living people
South African female cyclists
Cross-country mountain bikers
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of South Africa
Cyclists from Johannesburg
Aquabacterium olei is a Gram-negative, non-spore-forming and motile bacterium of the genus Aquabacterium which has been isolated from oil-contaminated soil in Korea. Aquabacterium olei can degrade oil.
References
External links
Type strain of Aquabacterium olei at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Comamonadaceae
Bacteria described in 2015
Tinantia is a genus of plants in the Commelinaceae, first described in 1839. They are commonly called widow's tears or false dayflowers due to their resemblance of the closely related true dayflowers of the genus Commelina. Tinantia is native to North and South America from Texas + Hispaniola to Argentina, with a center of diversity from Mexico to Nicaragua. Tinantia pringlei, an alpine native of Mexico, is grown as an ornamental in temperate areas and is also a common greenhouse weed.
The genus was named in honour of François Tinant, a Luxembourger forester.
Species
Tinantia anomala (Torr.) C.B.Clarke - Texas, Durango
Tinantia caribaea Urb. - Lesser Antilles, Trinidad & Tobago, Colombia
Tinantia erecta (Jacq.) Fenzl - widespread from central Mexico to Argentina; naturalized in Azores, Madeira, Java, Angola, northern India
Tinantia glabra (Standl. & Steyerm.) Rohweder - southern Mexico, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Venezuela
Tinantia leiocalyx C.B.Clarke ex J.D.Sm. - central + southern Mexico, Central America, Colombia, Venezuela
Tinantia longipedunculata Standl. & Steyerm. - central + southern Mexico, Central America
Tinantia macrophylla S.Wats. - Chihuahua, Sonora, Sinaloa, Durango, Jalisco
Tinantia parviflora Rohweder - central + southern Mexico, Central America, Colombia
Tinantia pringlei (S.Watson) Rohweder - Tamaulipas, Nuevo León
Tinantia sprucei C.B.Clarke - Trinidad & Tobago, Venezuela, Brazil
Tinantia standleyi Steyerm. - central + southern Mexico, Central America, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, southern Brazil
Tinantia umbellata (Vahl) Urb. - Guyana, Venezuela
Tinantia violacea Rohweder - southern Mexico, Central America
References
External links
Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center, University of Texas
Flowers by the Sea
Commelinaceae
Commelinales genera
Rieneck () is a town in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany.
Geography
Location
Rieneck lies in the Würzburg region between the southern foothills of the Rhön (range) and the east side of the Spessart (range) on the lower reaches of the River Sinn, 12 km northeast of Lohr am Main, and 39 km northwest of Würzburg. Administratively, it belongs to the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia.
There are 140 ha of cropfields, meadows and woodland around the village.
Subdivisions
The town has only the Gemarkung (traditional rural cadastral area) of Rieneck.
History
In 790, Rieneck had its first documentary mention. The town's current name comes from its former lords, the Counts of Rieneck, who themselves had taken the name from a Middle Rhenish noble family that had died out. In the mid-12th century a castle was built on the banks of the Sinn. With this arose a settlement, which as of 7 June 1311 was described as an oppidum (town).
During the Middle Ages, the Counts of Rieneck were in competition with the Prince-Bishops of Würzburg and the Archbishops of Mainz for control of parts of the Spessart hills.
Among the counts' descendants is the family of Ministeriales Voit von Rieneck, which itself also later earned local importance. As the castle was being converted into a knightly castle in 1168, Count Ludwig of Rieneck acquired the County in the Spessart. The comital family, whose seat was at Lohr am Main, died out with Count Philipp III on 3 September 1559. Rieneck ended up in 1673 in the hands of the Counts of Nostitz. The Amt of the County of Rieneck, which the Counts of Nostitz had sold in 1803 to the Princes of Colloredo-Mansfeld, was mediatized in favour of the Principality of Aschaffenburg in 1806 and passed (by this time it had become a part of the Grand Duchy of Frankfurt) to Bavaria in 1814. In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria, the current community came into being with the Gemeindeedikt ("Municipal Edict") of 1818.
The town's Jewish community, which had existed for many years, came to an end with Kristallnacht (9 November 1938). Behind the house at Schloßberg 10 at the Kriegerdenkmal, a plaque recalls the persecution and murder of the town's Jewish inhabitants in the Holocaust.
Demographics
Within town limits, 2,315 inhabitants were counted in 1970, 2,096 in 1987 and in 2000 2,127.
Economy
Rieneck's economic potential lies in forestry (more than 2 000 ha of woodland) and above all in tourism (2002: 33,500 overnight stays). The local economic structure is made up mainly of producing businesses, trade and service provision. The greater part of Rieneck's workers commute to the nearby regional centres of Lohr am Main (Bosch Rexroth AG), Karlstadt and Würzburg.
Municipal taxes in 1999 amounted to €849,000 (converted), of which net business taxes amounted to €97,000.
Tourism
Rieneck lies at the foot of Rieneck Castle and is surrounded by wooded hills with mixed broadleaf forests (Spessart oak). The Sinn valley floodplain (Sinntalaue), which in the late 1990s became a nature reserve, provides a habitat for rare animals, like the beaver, and protected plants, like the snake's head.
Rieneck Castle, the town's landmark, changed hands many times over the years. Since 1959, it has housed a modern Jugendburg (a youth meeting and training centre) run by the Verband Christlicher Pfadfinderinnen und Pfadfinder, a Christian Guiding and Scouting organization. The castle's sponsor is the Bildungs- und Erholungswerk Burg Rieneck (BEW e.V., "Rieneck Castle Educational and Recreational Works"). The Romanesque Dreikonchenkapelle (chapel) is built into the 8 m-thick walls of the Dicker Turm ("Thick Tower") in a cloverleaf shape. The special shape of the chapel is unique in Continental Europe. A construction like this is found only in the British Isles in a similar defensive tower.
Government
Mayors
Since 1 May 2020, Sven Nickel (Freie Bürger) is mayor of Rieneck.
Coat of arms
The town's arms might be described thus: Quartered, first and fourth Or three chevrons gules, second and third barry of ten of the same, the whole surmounted at the fess point by a wheel spoked of six argent.
Town seals are only known as far back as the 19th century. No official approval for the arms is known. However, the arms show the two historically most important lordly families' arms. The two quarters with horizontal golden and red stripes are both based on the arms formerly borne by the Counts of Rieneck, and the other two, with the chevrons, are based on those formerly borne by the Counts of Hanau. The wheel is the Wheel of Mainz. The tinctures were laid down in writing in 1898.
Infrastructure
Transport
Rieneck can be reached by railway via the Flieden–Gemünden line and by the Main-Spessart local bus service. The nearest InterCityExpress stop is the railway station at Würzburg, 50 km away, and the nearest airport is 100 km away, at Frankfurt.
Social services
Since 1978, SOS-Dorfgemeinschaft Hohenroth, an SOS Children's Village belonging to SOS-Kinderdorf Deutschland, the organization's German branch, has operated on Rieneck's outskirts, at the former "Hohenroth" estate. Just under 160 handicapped people (as of October 2007) live there with families who care for them, and they work in their own workshops, market gardens, dairies and bakeries. The products, which are made to Demeter guidelines, are sold in the village's own farm shop. Although Rieneck has close ties with Hohenroth, the latter is officially a Stadtteil of Gemünden am Main.
Notable people
Walter Bloem, writer
References
External links
Rieneck tourism site
Rieneck Castle
Main-Spessart
Towns in Bavaria
Holocaust locations in Germany
Chilperic (also Chilpéric or Chilperich) can refer to:
Chilperic I, king of Neustria
Chilperic II, king of the Franks
Chilperic I of Burgundy
Chilperic II of Burgundy
Chilpéric (operetta), an opéra bouffe by Hervé
Carrie Westlake Whitney (1854 – April 8, 1934) was an American librarian. Known as the mother of Kansas City. Missouri's library system, they were the first director of the Kansas City Public Library. They moved to Kansas City and worked as a bookkeeper, renting a room from James Greenwood, the Kansas City superintendent. Greenwood hired them in 1881 when the library was still a subscription library, calling them "the smartest woman I have ever known."
By 1897, Whitney had fully ended the library's subscription model, and all city residents were allowed access to the library. The collection, which was described as "2,000 catalogued books, plus about a thousand volumes of government documents, reports, and periodicals," was enlarged to 30,000 items by 1897. By 1899, the solo library had grown to include a staff of 28 adults and nine young male pages. In 1901, they were elected to be the first president of the Missouri Library Association.
Whitney had strong opinions about reading, including keeping reading for younger people tightly controlled claiming, "One unwholesome book will contaminate an entire school."
In 1908, they published a three-volume history entitled Kansas City, Missouri: Its History and its People which included biographies of notable local people as well as a history of the city. They were demoted from their position to assistant librarian in 1910 with The Kansas City Journal saying their position should be held by a man, an opinion supported by the local Board of Education. They were replaced by Purd Wright—who had come back to Missouri after one year at the head of Los Angeles Public Library—and was terminated in 1912.
Personal life
Carrie Westlake was born in 1854 in Fayette County, Virginia, to Wellington and Helen Van Waters Westlake. In 1861, their family moved to Pettis County Missouri near Sedalia. In 1875, they married E. W. Judson in Sedalia. In 1885, they married newspaperman James Steele Whitney; they died in 1890. They spent the last four decades of their life living with Miss Frances Bishop, whom their obituary described as an "inseparable friend."
Carrie Whitney died on April 8, 1934, and is buried in the Forest Hill Cemetery in Kansas City, Missouri.
References
External links
Kansas City, Missouri: Its History and its People at Internet Archive.
1854 births
1934 deaths
American librarians
American women librarians
David Bigas Vargas (born 19 June 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Llagostera as a left back or left winger.
Club career
Born in Peralada, Girona, Catalonia, Bigas was a CF Peralada graduate. They made their senior debuts in January 2012, representing the side in the Primera Catalana. In the 2012 summer, Bigas joined Girona FC, being assigned to the Juvenil squad. They made their debuts with the reserves in the 2013–14 season, in the regional leagues.
On 9 September 2014, they played their first match as a professional, replacing Christian Alfonso in the 99th minute of a 0–0 home draw against CD Tenerife for the season's Copa del Rey. They made their Segunda División debut on 7 December, starting in a 0–1 home loss against FC Barcelona B.
On 26 March 2015, Bigas was loaned to Segunda División B side UE Sant Andreu, until June. On 14 August, they moved to fellow league team CE L'Hospitalet, also in a temporary deal.
On 4 January 2016, Bigas rescinded with the Albirrojos and signed for UE Olot, also in the third division.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Alt Empordà
Sportspeople from the Province of Girona
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Association football defenders
Association football wingers
Association football utility players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
CF Peralada players
Girona FC B players
Girona FC players
UE Sant Andreu footballers
CE L'Hospitalet players
UE Olot players
UE Costa Brava players
Hasanabad-e Sabrow (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Sabrow; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 9 families.
This is also where Sivert and Mathias is going to marry this summer, as a part of a larger family merging.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Jerome Joseph "Jerry" Shestack (February 11, 1923 – August 18, 2011) was a Philadelphia lawyer and human rights advocate active in Democratic Party politics who served as president of the American Bar Association (ABA) from 1997 to 1998. They chaired the International League for Human Rights for twenty years, and was appointed the United States Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights from 1979 to 1980 by President Jimmy Carter. Shestack was regularly listed on the National Law Journal's list of the 100 most influential U.S. lawyers.
Early life, education, and military service
Shestack was born in Atlantic City, New Jersey to Jewish parents Isidore Shestack and Olga Shankman Shestack. They grew up poor; their father was a paperhanger. Their grandfather, an Orthodox Rabbi, was an early influence, telling them "Justice, justice, shalt thou pursue." When they were ten, the family moved to the Wynnefield neighborhood of Philadelphia.
They graduated from Overbrook High School in Philadelphia in 1940, where they enjoyed the school's racial and ethnic diversity and began a long passion for poetry.
They received a bachelor's degree in history and economics in 1943 from the University of Pennsylvania, having gone through in 2½ years.
Shestack then served in the United States Navy from 1943 to 1946. During World War II they were a gunnery officer aboard the aircraft carrier USS Ticonderoga. They were wounded during the January 21, 1945, Japanese kamikaze attack upon the ship. Their kosher dietary habits kept them from worse injury, as they avoided the pork meal that day and thus was not on the mess deck which suffered the worst of the damage.
After the war, they attained their law degree (LLB) in 1949 from Harvard Law School, where they were editor-in-chief of the Harvard Law Record.
While a student at Harvard, they launched a movement to have women admitted to the law school, which soon succeeded.
Legal career and human rights activities
Shestack clerked in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and taught as an instructor for a year at Northwestern Law School and for another year at Louisiana State University, where they advocated for blacks to be admitted to the university's law school. (One who was as a result of these efforts, Ernest Morial, went on to become the first black Mayor of New Orleans.)
They became first deputy city solicitor in Philadelphia in 1951 where they helped end segregation in swimming pools, bowling alleys, and other public places. In 1951 they married Marciarose Schleifer, who in 1971 on KYW-TV became the first woman to anchor a prime-time TV newscast in a major city. Shestack taught at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, which awarded them an Honorary Fellowship and at Rutgers. They were a Honorary Fellow of Columbia Law School and had three honorary doctor of laws degrees. From 1955 to 1991, they practiced with the law firm of Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP. They then moved to Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen, chairing the litigation practice until 2009 when Wolf Block was dissolved. Later that year, they rejoined Schnader as a retired partner until their death in 2011. During much of their law practice career, they concentrated on involved commercial law and advocacy regarding appellate law.
An active Democrat, Shestack worked for Adlai Stevenson and wrote speeches for Vice President Hubert Humphrey, Sargent Shriver, and Senator Ed Muskie. They were a co-founder and chair of the Lawyers Committee for International Human Rights, chair of the International Bar Association's Standing Committee on Human Rights, a counselor of the American Society of International Law, a Commissioner of the International Commission of Jurists, and a founding member and the first executive director of the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, convened by President John F. Kennedy in 1963. They served on the board of directors of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund. They wrote widely on human rights issues and other subjects. Throughout their attention to human rights, they focused upon cases that involved racial minorities, women, political prisoners, and indigents without legal representation.
Their appointment as ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights occurred on December 10, 1979, when they replaced the resigning Edward Mezvinsky. As ambassador they sought to bring focus upon the poor treatment given political dissidents such as Andrei Sakharov in the Soviet Union as well as upon the thousands who were "disappeared" during the Argentine Dirty War. Shestack's own time in the position came to an end with the election of Republican Ronald Reagan to the presidency.
Shestack was long active in the American Bar Association. They were a founder of the ABA's Section of Individual Rights and Responsibilities, which became the vehicle for the ABA's support of women's rights, pro bono work, and other legal services for the impoverished, and served as chairperson of that section from 1969 to 1970. In 1973 they became the first chairperson of the Commission on Mentally Disabled of the American Bar Association, where they established projects to help provide legal services and promote fights for the mentally disabled. They were chairperson of ABA's Center for Human Rights.
During the controversial and eventually unsuccessful Robert Bork Supreme Court nomination in 1987, Shestack was part of the association's committee on judicial appointments and was one of the minority report members who gave Bork a "not qualified" assessment. Shestack also gained some notoriety in 1992, during a controversy wherein the ABA refused to let Vice President and lawyer Dan Quayle speak at its national convention, when they said that Quayle would have been invited had they been a person of "personal stature or legal ability". Shestack later acknowledged the remark had been disrespectful of Quayle's office.
They longed to serve as president of the ABA, and finally did so from 1997 to 1998. At one time they had been considered too radical to hold the post, but the ABA's political drift aligned more with him. As president of the ABA, Shestack focused on increasing professionalism within the bar, established a high level commission to review and revise the bar's model code of ethics, and initiated an ethical rule regarding pay-to-play. They convened the first ABA conferences on racism and mental health as well as the first ABA Conference on Human Rights at the U.N.
Shestack served as chair of the American Poetry Center and as director of the American Poetry Review, which awards a prize in their honor. They were President of the Jewish Publication Society of America, served on the board of directors of Tel Aviv University, Hebrew University, the American Jewish Congress, the American Jewish Committee, and served as president of Har Zion Temple, then Philadelphia's largest Conservative Jewish congregation. They were a member of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Council and Chairman of that institution's Committee on Conscience.
In Philadelphia, they were often known as "Mr. Marciarose", due to the fame of their wife. The couple had two children: Jennifer Shestack Doss, a fragrance buyer for Bergdorf Goodman, and motion picture producer Jonathan Shestack, as well as five grandchildren. The couple became active in Cure Autism Now after one of their grandchildren was discovered to be afflicted. Their most prized personal possession was a book inscribed to them by Martin Luther King Jr.
In 2006 they received the American Bar Association Medal, that organization's highest honor. The announcement said, "Where individuals have suffered, Jerry has helped them. Their tireless efforts have served not just American jurisprudence, but truly have served the world." In 2008 they were awarded the Gruber Prize for Justice, and in 2009 the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights' Lloyd N. Cutler Lifetime Achievement Award. Summing up their own career, Shestack once said, "There is no end of just causes to pursue."
Shestack died August 18, 2011, of kidney failure at their home in Center City. In a statement, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Shestack "a committed public servant and a dogged defender of human rights," adding, "as president of the American Bar Association, and in the years following, they set the standard for how civil society leaders can promote human rights."
Articles
References
External links
American Bar Association
20th-century American Jews
United States Navy personnel of World War II
United States Navy officers
Harvard Law School alumni
Representatives of the United States to the United Nations Human Rights Council
Pennsylvania lawyers
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Presidents of the American Bar Association
University of Pennsylvania Law School faculty
People from Atlantic City, New Jersey
Lawyers from Philadelphia
American human rights activists
1923 births
2011 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American Jews
Military personnel from New Jersey
Col. Salvador Abcede (1914 – August 19, 1982) was the leader of the anti-Japanese guerrilla group on Negros. They operated in the mountains of Tanjay, Negros Oriental and later moved to the mountains of Dumaguete City by the invitation of Silliman University ROTC group who also joined the soldiers under the USAFFE 71st Division during the Japanese Invasion and led guerrilla moves against the Japanese.
They were joined by the troops of the Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea (PEFTOK) and led the honored heroes from the Battle of Hill Eerie in 1952. Which led to Lieutenant Fidel V. Ramos, other Filipino officers and all troops with aiding American forces of the 45th Infantry Division units in fighting against the Chinese Communist forces under the People's Volunteer Army during the Korean War. They died of cirrhosis of the liver at Veterans Medical Center.
Awards and decorations
Distinguished Service Cross
Legion of Merit
Philippine Independence Medal
Philippine Liberation Medal
Philippine Defense Medal
Resistance Movement Medal (Philippines)
See also
List of American guerrillas in the Philippines
References
1914 births
1982 deaths
Philippine Army personnel
Filipino guerrillas
Deaths from cirrhosis
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Ebershausen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Equivocal is the grammatical quality of ambiguity due to a term's having multiple meanings. It is the latin translation of the greek adjective "homonymous".
Equivocation, in logic, a fallacy from using a phrase in multiple senses
Equivocal generation, in biology, the disproven theory of spontaneous generation from a host organism
See also
Equivocation (disambiguation)
Himayat Ullah Mayar is a Pakistani politician who is currently serving as Mayor of Mardan since March 2022. They had also served as a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They served as former nazim of Mardan district.
They ran for the seat of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly as a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP) from Constituency PK-25 (Mardan-III) in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 5,483 votes and lost the seat to Israrul Haq, a candidate of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA).
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-9 (Mardan-I) as a candidate of ANP in by-polls held in 2012. They received 30,770 votes and defeated Maulana Shuja Ul Mulk, a candidate of Jamiat Ulema-e Islam (F) (JUI-F).
In August 2015, they were elected district nazim of Mardan.
References
Awami National Party politicians
People from Mardan District
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Theromyzon tessulatum is a species of leech in the family Glossiphoniidae. It is a haematophagous (blood-sucking) leech, found in freshwater habitats in Europe.
Description
The cuticle of T. tessulatum is transparent, olive green or brownish in colour, with larger individuals often exhibiting six longitudinal rows of small yellow spots. This leech is active and frequently changes shape, being up to long when extended. The posterior sucker is broad and conspicuous but the anterior sucker is small, and invisible when the animal is viewed from above.
Distribution
This leech is found in freshwater habitats in Europe. It is common in the coastal flat parts of Holland which are visited by the waterfowl that act as its hosts. It is uncommon in Britain, where it has a discontinuous range, probably being distributed by movements of its bird hosts. It has also been recorded in North America from a number of locations.
Ecology
When parasitizing ducks and other waterfowl, T. tessulatum invades their mouths and respiratory passages. At other times, it is free-living in freshwater habitats. The adult broods its egg capsules on its under surface, where there may be as many as two hundred eggs. When the young are ready to emerge, the adult uses its sensilla organs to detect vibrations in the water and will move towards any disturbance that might be caused by a potential host. Suitable hosts are those with body temperatures of between . Although generally nocturnal and negatively phototactic (avoiding light), when the brooding adult is ready to release its young, it may swim in open water in the middle of the day. If it finds a suitable host, it attaches itself with its sucker to the nasal passages, the respiratory tract or inside the mouth. This leech is unique in that the adult attaches to the host but does not itself feed on it; instead, the young that it was brooding transfer to the host to take their first blood meal.
References
Leeches
Animals described in 1774
Taxa named by Otto Friedrich Müller
In the U.S. state of Alaska, Outside refers to any non-Alaska location, most often referring to other U.S. states. The term has been in use since at least the beginning of the 20th century and is believed to be an adaptation of a similar Canadian term used in the northern portion of that country and referring to southern Canada. The expression is typically used in an adverbial phrase following some form of the word "go", but it is also used as a simple noun. Examples would include,
"Bob and Francis took their children on vacation Outside last year; they visited relatives in the Midwest and the Deep South."
"When I met Ronald, they were the first white person I'd met who was fluent in Yupik, so it came as a big surprise to learn that they were actually born Outside."
An early usage of the term is in Through the Yukon Gold Diggings, by Josiah Spurr, published in Boston in 1900. Usage continues today, particularly in publications away from Southcentral Alaska and Anchorage. The inverse of the term ("Inside") is infrequently used.
See also
Lower 48
References
Alaska culture
American English words
Localism (politics)
Vairavapatti is a village in the Tirupattur taluk Sivaganga district of Tamil Nadu, India. This village derives its name from the temple dedicated to Lord Kala Bhairav who is known in Tamil language as Vairavan. It is 2 km from the Pillayarpatti village which is another famous pilgrimage center. It is one of the 9 temples held in high esteem by the Nagarathar Chettiar community of Tamil Nadu. The presiding deity here is Lord Valaroli Nathar and their consort Vadivudai Ammai. Bhairavar here is prominent, hence the name Vairavan-patti in Tamil.
References
Villages in Sivaganga district
From London Far is a 1946 mystery thriller novel by the British writer Michael Innes. It is a standalone novel from the author who was best known for their series featuring the Golden Age detective John Appleby. Like much of Innes work it contains elements of farcical humour. It was published the same year in the United States by Dodd, Mead under the alternative title The Unsuspected Chasm.
Writing in the New Statesman, reviewer Ralph Partridge noted "The casual intrusion of a literary don into a den of thieves starts the ball rolling. As there is a plot I say no more. But the book is called a thriller, and anyone who has read The Daffodil Affair knows what liberties Michael Innes allows themselves under that heading."
Synopsis
A chance encounter in a London tobacconists leads to a professor of English literature being mistaken for a member of an organisation trying to corner the market in stolen art works.
References
Bibliography
Hubin, Allen J. Crime Fiction, 1749-1980: A Comprehensive Bibliography. Garland Publishing, 1984.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Scheper, George L. Michael Innes. Ungar, 1986.
1946 British novels
British mystery novels
Novels by Michael Innes
British thriller novels
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
Novels set in London
Novels set in Scotland
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1981:
1981
References
External links
List of Hong Kong films released in 1981
Hong Kong films of 1981 at HKcinemamagic.com
1981
Lists of 1981 films by country or language
1981 in Hong Kong
José Rumazo González (Latacunga, August 28, 1904 - 1995) was an Ecuadorian writer, philosopher, and historian.
 They are the author of the celebrated poem "Parusia", an epic poem that they began writing in 1956 and consists of 5,600 pages in 7 volumes; it contains close to 240,000 verses, which makes it one of the longest epic poems in human history; it is longer than the Mahabharata by Vyasa, the Ramayana by Valmiki, the Iliad and Odyssey by Homer, and the Aeneid by Virgil.
They served as consul in Seville, Cadiz, Lisbon and Barcelona, and they were ambassador in Honduras, Argentina, Uruguay y Panama. They taught History and Castilian at the Eloy Alfaro Military School, and History and Superior Grammar in the Catholic University of Quito.
 They are a member of the Ecuadorian Academy of Language, the Ecuadorian Academy of History, the Academies of History of Bogota and Madrid, the Ecuadorian House of Culture, the Bolivarian Society, and other institutions.
They were awarded the National Order of Merit (Orden Nacional al Mérito) (1976), and the National Prize in Literature "Premio Eugenio Espejo" in 1987.
Works
Proa, Altamar, Raudal (1949)
Soledades de la sangre (1950)
El amor soñado en la muerte (1950)
Ecos del Silencio (1987)
La región Amazónica en el siglo XVI (1946)
Documentos para la historia de la Audiencia de Quito (eight volumes, 1948-1949)
Andariegos (1956) a novel
Sevilla de Oro and Leyenda del Cacique Dorado (1948)
Sendas y encuentros
Parusía
References
Rumazo González, José (1904-VVVV)
JOSE RUMAZO GONZALEZ
RUMAZO-GONZALEZ, José
Ecuadorian male writers
Ambassadors of Ecuador to Uruguay
Ambassadors of Ecuador to Argentina
Ambassadors of Ecuador to Panama
Ambassadors of Ecuador to Honduras
1904 births
1995 deaths
Geoff Vigar is Professor at School of Architecture, Planning & Landscape, Newcastle University. Currently they are the Director of Global Urban Research Unit at the university.
Research interests
Their research focuses on strategy development and implementation in land-use and transport planning, and the role and incorporation of social and environmental issues into governance practices in particular. Their research centres on how governance institutions influence different policy pathways both in relation to planning and transport policy but also in wider City strategy-making.
Research projects
Development of Regional Transport Strategies in England including participant observation of the preparation process in North East England.
SINGOCOM: Social innovation in territorial development funded through the European Commission's Fifth Framework Programme.
Publications
with Porter,G., (2005), Regional Governance and Strategic Transport Policy: the case of North East England, European Spatial Research and Policy, 12(1) pp89–108.
with Graham,SDN., and Healey, P., (2005), Searching for the City in Spatial Strategies, Urban Studies, 42(8), July. view abstract/article
with Haggett, C. (2004), Tilting at Windmills, Town and Country Planning, October, 73 (10), pp288–290.
(2004), Researching Wind Energy Developments: Perspectives from Planning Theory, Working Paper for ESRC Tilting at Windmills project, Newcastle University: Newcastle.
External links
SINGOCOM
Academics of Newcastle University
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Yakov Kazak (; ; born 1 August 1985) is a retired Belarusian footballer who last played for Smolevichi-STI.
External links
1985 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
FC Slavia Mozyr players
FC SKVICH Minsk players
FC Baranovichi players
FC Smorgon players
FC Smolevichi players
FC Rudziensk players
Association football midfielders
The 13th Annual Premios Juventud (Youth Awards) were broadcast by Univision on July 14, 2016.
Performers
Winners and nominees
Music
Novelas
Films
Social networks
Sports
Multiple nominations and awards
References
Premios Juventud
Premios Juventud
Premios Juventud
Premios Juventud
Premios Juventud
Premios Juventud
Premios Juventud
2010s in Miami
It Was Raining That Night is an English-Bengali bilingual film. Written and directed by Indian actor-director Mahesh Manjrekar, it is a relationship drama. The film was notable for being a joint production of India, United States and Bangladesh and stars Riaz, Riya Sen, Sushmita Sen, Victor Banerjee, Mahesh Manjrekar, Moon Moon Sen, Atit Shah, Dawn Moeller and Stefanie Siegel.
Cast
Riaz as Vijay Kumar Dixit / Zaffar Khan
Sushmita Sen as Ayesha Rao
Riya Sen as savitri Rao
Victor Banerjee as Jai Banerjee
Mahesh Manjrekar as Brij Bhushan
Moon Moon Sen as Jaya Dixit
Atit Shah as Virat Dixit
Dawn Moeller as Johnson
Stefanie Siegel as Shyna
Box office
It Was Raining That Night film budget was as $950,0000(estimated).
Reception
The filming of It Was Raining That Night started in 2005 in locations such as India and USA. It is also the first time that Bangladeshi actor Riyaz Ahmed has acted with Bollywood actor Sushmita Sen.
See also
It Was Raining That Night on Yahoo! Movies
References
External links
2005 films
Bengali-language films
Films directed by Mahesh Manjrekar
2005 multilingual films
Indian multilingual films
Bangladeshi multilingual films
2000s English-language films
American multilingual films
American drama films
Indian drama films
2000s American films
The discography of Arsenio Rodríguez consists of numerous singles released between 1940 and 1956 by Victor, as well as LPs released between 1957 and 1970 by various labels. In addition, there are noncommercial recordings archived at the Center for Folklife Programs and Cultural Studies Archive, Smithsonian Institution.
The first author to elaborate a list including all of Rodríguez's official recordings was American ethnomusicologist David F. García, who published their work in a book entitled Arsenio Rodríguez and the Transnational Flows of Latin Popular Music (Temple University Press, 2006). The book was awarded the Certificate of Merit in the category Best Research in Folk, Ethnic, or World Music by the Association for Recorded Sound Collections in 2007. In addition, Cuban ethnomusicologist Cristóbal Díaz Ayala elaborated a similar list, largely based on García work, as part of their Encyclopedic Discography of Cuban Music 1925-1960 in the Diaz Ayala Cuban and Latin American Popular Music Collection.
Arsenio Rodríguez's recorded material can be divided into two eras. The first era comprises all songs recorded in Havana between 1940 and 1956, which were released as 78 rpm (and also 45 rpm) singles by Victor/RCA Victor. All these tracks except one ("Me quedé sin ti", 23-7000 B) were re-released as a 6-CD boxset in 2008 by the Spanish record label Tumbao Cuban Classics, which had also issued several compilations of this material in the 1990s. The second era comprises all recordings made by Rodríguez in New York between 1950 and 1970, the year of their death. Their debut album, Montunos cubanos, was recorded for SMC (New York's Spanish Music Center) in 1950 (or 1953 according to other accounts).
Singles
As leader
As sideman
Studio albums
As leader
As sideman
Compilation albums
References
Further reading
Arsenio Rodríguez. Discogs.
Arsenio Rodríguez. Rate Your Music.
Discographies of Cuban artists
Tropical music discographies
The 2012 Angelo State Rams football represented Angelo State University in the 2012 NCAA Division II football season as a member of the Lone Star Conference.
Schedule
References
Angelo State
Angelo State Rams football seasons
Angelo State Rams football
Frank O'Malley (19 August 1909 – 7 May 1974) was a professor of English at the University of Notre Dame. They spent their entire career at Notre Dame, where they were renowned as an undergraduate teacher.
Early life and education
O'Malley was born in 1909 into an Irish immigrant family in Clinton, Massachusetts, where their father worked in a cotton mill. O'Malley attended Catholic grammar school and public high school in Clinton. After graduating from high school at the top of their class, they spent two years working at a drug store in order to save money so they could attend university.
O'Malley went to the University of Notre Dame in 1928 as an undergraduate and graduated in 1932 as the class valedictorian. In 1933 they were awarded a Master of Arts degree in English. After one year as an instructor in English and History they were hired full-time by the English department in 1934.
Career at Notre Dame
O'Malley remained at Notre Dame and taught in the English department until their death in 1974. They were exceedingly popular with their students and came to be acknowledged as "the university's most inspiring undergraduate teacher". An obituary in The Review of Politics described them as "certainly the greatest teacher of the humanities in the modern history of Notre Dame".
O'Malley enjoyed and excelled at teaching first-year student composition, encouraging their students to "write something fresh about a tree, the feeling of alienation, their first kiss". In 1936 they introduced a course in "Modern Catholic Writers" which they continued to teach for the rest of their career. It introduced students to recent and contemporary Catholic authors working in a various discipline and became "by far the most popular course in the humanities ever offered at the university". In 1938 they instituted a new program for English majors called "Philosophy of English Literature". Their thinking and teaching were influenced by contemporary European Catholic lay intellectuals including Waldemar Gurian, Jacques Maritain, and Étienne Gilson.
In 1939 O'Malley and Gurian founded the journal The Review of Politics. O'Malley was managing director from its establishment until 1963 and published eight articles in the journal. Their subjects included John Henry Newman, Romano Guardini, Maritain, and William Blake.
In 1971 O'Malley was awarded Notre Dame's Sheedy Teaching Award for "sustained excellence in research and instruction over a wide range of courses" in the College of Arts and Letters. In 1972 they were awarded an honorary doctorate by Notre Dame. They had been nominated for the degree by the student body.
Posthumous recognition
In 1991, during the celebration of the university's 150th anniversary, a weekend symposium on O'Malley attracted 200 of their former students to the Notre Dame campus.
In 1994 Notre Dame established the annual Frank O'Malley Undergraduate Teaching Award for "outstanding service to the students of the Notre Dame Community".
References
1909 births
1974 deaths
University of Notre Dame faculty
People from Clinton, Massachusetts
"Crunk Muzik" is a song by rapper Jim Jones from their debut studio album On My Way to Church. It was produced by The Blackout Movement and features rappers Juelz Santana and Cam'ron. It was also featured on The Diplomats' album, Diplomatic Immunity 2.
Music video
The video for the song, released in late 2004, based on the 1970s film The Warriors, features a gang of men in masks and rollerblades, wielding metal chains. It also shows minister Benjamin Chavis preaching to the gang with a group of well-dressed, young black men. Also, a scene in the video features a brash, unkempt, and heavily accented French man tapping two empty Sizzurp bottles together, yelling "Dipset, come out and play! Dipset, come out and play!"
Chart positions
References
External links
Jim Jones ft. Juelz Santana & Cam'ron - Crunk Muzik Music Video
2004 singles
2004 songs
Jim Jones (rapper) songs
Juelz Santana songs
Cam'ron songs
Songs written by Jim Jones (rapper)
MNRK Music Group singles
Joseph Andrew Wieland (born January 21, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent. They have pitched in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Seattle Mariners. They also played for the Yokohama DeNA BayStars of Japan's NPB and the Kia Tigers of Korea's KBO League.
Early life
Wieland was named Nevada State Player of the Year by the Las Vegas Review-Journal and the Reno Gazette-Journal while at Bishop Manogue High School in Reno, Nevada. They committed to playing college baseball at San Diego State.
Professional career
Texas Rangers
Wieland was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the fourth round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft. They signed with the Rangers and did not play for San Diego State. Wieland spent 2009 with the Class A Hickory Crawdads where they posted a 5.31 ERA in 19 games. They opened 2010 with the Crawdads, but an improved 3.34 ERA in 15 games earned them a promotion to the California League High-A Bakersfield Blaze in July. In 2011, Wieland started the year with the Myrtle Beach Pelicans, the Rangers' new High-A affiliate, and then graduated to Double-A in late June. On July 29, 2011, while pitching for the Frisco RoughRiders, Wieland threw a no-hitter against the San Antonio Missions, the Padres Double-A affiliate. Wieland had a 1.23 ERA in 7 starts for the RoughRiders.
San Diego Padres
On July 31, 2011, Wieland and Robbie Erlin were traded to the San Diego Padres for Mike Adams. They finished the year with the Double-A Missions, posting a 2.77 ERA in 5 starts. They had 8.7 strike-outs per 9 innings across all three clubs in 2011.
Wieland started 2012 with the Triple-A Tucson Padres, but only made 2 starts before they were called up to the Major League team.
Wieland was called up to join the Padres' rotation when both Tim Stauffer and Dustin Moseley went on the disabled list early in the season. They made their Major League debut on April 14, 2012, against the Los Angeles Dodgers, allowing six runs in five innings to take the loss. Wieland made five starts for the Padres, losing four of them, and posted a 4.55 ERA before they went to the disabled list in May with shoulder tightness. They underwent a season-ending Tommy John surgery on July 27, 2012.
Wieland began the 2013 season on the 60-day disabled list as they were still recovering from the surgery. They began a throwing program at around mid-season but they suffered a number of setbacks due to soreness and a stress reaction and missed the entire season. They underwent arthroscopic surgery on their elbow at the start of the 2014 season and did not make their return to the Padres until September 6, 2014. In four appearances for the Padres in 2014, they allowed nine runs in 11 innings. They finally picked up their first MLB win on September 24 against the Colorado Rockies.
Los Angeles Dodgers
On December 18, 2014, they were traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers (along with Yasmani Grandal and Zach Eflin) in exchange for Matt Kemp, Tim Federowicz and cash. They were assigned to the AAA Oklahoma City Dodgers.
Wieland was called up to the Dodgers on May 6, 2015, to start a game against the Milwaukee Brewers. They allowed six runs in 4 innings and was promptly optioned back to AAA following the game. They made a second start on September 9, allowing two runs in four innings. In 21 starts (and one relief appearance) for Oklahoma City, they were 10–5 with a 4.59 ERA. The Dodgers re-signed them to a one-year, $590,000 contract after the season to avoid salary arbitration.
Seattle Mariners
On January 12, 2016, Wieland was traded to the Seattle Mariners in exchange for minor league infielder Erick Mejia. The Mariners traded Wieland to the Atlanta Braves on September 14, and they were assigned to Triple A Gwinnett.
Yokohama DeNA BayStars
On 7 November 2016, it was announced that Wieland had signed with the Yokohama DeNA BayStars in the NPB for the 2017 season.
Kia Tigers
On December 5, 2018, Wieland signed with the Kia Tigers of the KBO League. They became a free agent following the 2019 season.
Sugar Land Lightning Sloths
In July 2020, Wieland signed on to play for the Sugar Land Lightning Sloths of the Constellation Energy League (a makeshift four-team independent league created as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) for the 2020 season. They were subsequently named to the league's all-star team.
Chicago Cubs
On September 10, 2020, Wieland signed a minor league contract with the Chicago Cubs and was added to their 60-man player pool.
Tampa Bay Rays
On May 11, 2022, Wieland signed a minor league deal with the Tampa Bay Rays. They were released by the Rays on August 15, 2022.
Scouting report
Wieland throws from a three quarters angle with a repeatable delivery. They throw four pitches: a two seam fastball, a four seam fastball, a curveball and a rare changeup.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Reno, Nevada
Baseball players from Nevada
Major League Baseball pitchers
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
KBO League pitchers
San Diego Padres players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Seattle Mariners players
Yokohama DeNA BayStars players
Kia Tigers players
Arizona League Rangers players
Arizona League Padres players
Tucson Padres players
Hickory Crawdads players
Myrtle Beach Pelicans players
Bakersfield Blaze players
Frisco RoughRiders players
San Antonio Missions players
El Paso Chihuahuas players
Oklahoma City Dodgers players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Peoria Javelinas players
Sugar Land Lightning Sloths players
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
American expatriate baseball players in South Korea
Persoonia falcata, commonly known as the wild pear, is a shrub native to northern Australia.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by Scottish botanist Robert Brown in 1810 in their paper, On the natural order of plants called Proteaceae, having been collected at Endeavour River, in what is now north Queensland. Its species name is the Latin adjective falcata "sickle-shaped", from falx "sickle", and refers to the shape of the leaves.
In 1870, George Bentham published the first infrageneric arrangement of Persoonia in Volume 5 of their landmark Flora Australiensis. They divided the genus into three sections, placing P. falcata into the otherwise wholly Western Australian P. sect. Pycnostyles. The 1995 Flora of Australia revision of the genus saw it classified in the Teretifolia group, along with nine species from southwest Western Australia. These species have very short tepals compared with other persoonias.
In their Enindhilyagwa language, the indigenous people of Groote Eylandt call the species awulka. The people of Yirrkala, who use the Rirratjingu language, call it dangapa, and in the Bininj Gun-Wok language, used by the Bininj people, who live primarily in western Arnhem Land, it is mandak.
Description
Persoonia falcata grows as a woody shrub or small tree, anywhere from high. The thick dark grey bark is layered and flaky. The pale green-grey leaves are long and wide, and oblanceolate to linear-oblanceolate or falcate in shape. The yellow flowers appear from June to November. The yellow-green fruit, known as drupes, appear from October to February. Edible, they are eaten raw by local aborigines.
Distribution and habitat
Persoonia falcata ranges across a broad swathe of northern Australia, generally within of the coastline. In the northwest of Western Australia it is found in the Great Sandy Desert and vicinity of Broome, eastwards across the Northern Territory into northern Queensland, with the Blackdown Tableland marking the southeastern limit of its range.
It grows along watercourses, gorges and sandstone outcrops, generally on sandstone-based or alluvial soils. It is also found on granite-based and lateritic soils, and rarely clay. It grows in Eucalyptus, Melaleuca, or mixed open woodland communities.
Cultivation and uses
Attempts to grow Persoonia falcata at the Royal Botanic Gardens of Sydney and Melbourne have failed, as plants planted into soil have perished. Aborigines would use a solution infused with wood and bark as an eye wash, and drink an infusion from the leaves to treat chest colds and diarrhoea. Leaves could also be applied to circumcision wounds.
References
External links
Flora NT factsheet: Persoonia falcata. Northern Territory flora online
falcata
Flora of the Northern Territory
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Western Australia
Proteales of Australia
Plants described in 1810
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Anzal () may refer to the following places in Iran:
Anzal, Kermanshah
Anzal District, in West Azerbaijan Province
Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, in West Azerbaijan Province
Anzal-e Shomali Rural District, in West Azerbaijan Province
See also
Cristóbal Galán (c. 1630 – 24 September 1684) was a Spanish Baroque composer.
The first record of Galán is that in 1651 they were rejected as maestro de capilla in Sigüenza because they were married. From 1653 they were a singer and organist, then later maestro de capilla in Cagliari, Sardinia.; then from 1656 to 1659 in Morella, Castellon. From 1660 to 1663 they worked in Madrid, in an unknown position. From 1664 to 1667 they were maestro de capilla at Segovia Cathedral, then moving to the Convent of Las Descalzas Reales, Madrid, where in 1680, five years after the death of Carlos Patiño, they became director of the capilla real. They died in Madrid.
In letters written in Madrid in 1675 and 1681 to Miguel de Irízar, Galán is cited as Madrid's principal composer of sacred music, since Juan Hidalgo de Polanco was only interested in writing tonos humanos. A generation later their style was still respected by Francisco Valls.
Works
As with other Spanish Baroque composers, many works were lost in a fire at the royal archives. None of their music for autos sacramentales by Calderón survives. Complete edition by J.H. Baron and D.L. Heiple.
Missa a 12
Missa a 9
Magnificat a 12
St John Passion, a 8 1672
Litany a 6
Lamentations a 7
5 Motets: Hoc est corpus a 3. Laudate Dominum a 8. O beata virgo a 9. Salve a 5. Stella coeli a 8.
Stabat mater for 3 soloists, violin and basso continuo.
Villancicos for 1 to 13 voices.
Tonos divinos: Atencion al retrato etc.
Tonos humanos
Theatre music including for plays by Juan Bautista Diamante (1625–1687): Lides de amor y desdén. El labyrinto de Creta.
Discography
Cristobal Galan: Al espejo que retrata. Al Ayre Espanol dir Eduardo Lopez Banzo. Deutsche Harmonia Mundi DHM 05472 773762 Tr 10.
References
Spanish Baroque composers
1630 births
1684 deaths
Spanish male classical composers
17th-century classical composers
17th-century male musicians
The World Tenpin Masters (founded in 1998) is an annual Ten-pin bowling tournament. It consists of a single lane surrounded by banked seating on both sides to give the event the kind of high-pressure atmosphere that makes the Masters the world's leading televised bowling tournament.
The event is televised by Matchroom Sport Television and will be subsequently broadcast as 15 x 1 hour programmes both at home on Sky Sports and around the world.
History
It is second to and starts where the Weber Cup left off. It features 16 of the world's best bowlers, representing twelve countries, going head-to-head in a straight knockout format. Each match is played over two games with the bowler with the highest aggregate (the highest total pinfall) over the two games determining the winner and proceeding. It stands next to the Weber Cup and AMF World Cup as one of the world's largest annual international sports Ten-pin bowling championships in terms of number of participating nations. In 2009 19-year-old Matt Chamberlain of England became the youngest ever qualifier of the event after winning the PTBC 2008 Tournament.
All tournament officials are supplied by the British Tenpin Bowling Association.
2008 Tournament
The 2008 World Tenpin Masters was held at the Barnsley Metrodome from April 18 to April 20 and featured 16 of the top male and female bowlers from around the world.
Tournament Format
Prize Fund
Winner US$30,000
Runner–Up US$10,000
Losing Semi-Finalists US$5,000
Losing Quarter Finalists US$2,000
First Round Losers US$1,500
TOTAL US$70,000
Past Tournaments
Previous Finals
External links
Bowlinglinks all over the World, sorted by categories
Tenpin bowling in the United Kingdom
Ten-pin bowling competitions
Recurring sporting events established in 1998
1998 establishments in the United Kingdom
The 1940 United States presidential election in Alabama took place on November 5, 1940, as part of the 1940 United States presidential election. Alabama voters chose 11 representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president. In Alabama, voters voted for electors individually instead of as a slate, as in the other states.
Alabama was won in a landslide by incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt (D–New York), running with Secretary of Agriculture Henry A. Wallace of Iowa with 85.22 percent of the popular vote, against corporate lawyer Wendell Willkie (R–New York), running with Senate Minority Leader Charles L. McNary of Oregon, with 14.34 percent of the popular vote, for a Democratic margin of 70.88 percent. Third-party candidates only managed to pick up 0.44 percent of the vote. Communist party candidate Earl Browder personally campaigned in the state giving speeches in Bullock County, Choctaw County, Clarke County, Coffee County, Conecuh County, Greene County and Hale County. Browder campaigned as an isolationist candidate advocating the United States not get involved in the war in Europe. Browder referred to the war as an "imperialist" war and they took a decidedly "anti-British tone" while campaigning in the asupervisorstioned Alabama counties. In each of their speeches they condemned Winston Churchill and praised Joseph Stalin. However, Browder said they were "irked by how cold" the crowds there were towards him. In the seven counties where Browder campaigned they ultimately received zero votes in the election (however, in the state as a whole they won just over 500 votes in comparison to Roosevelt's 250,726 votes and Willkie's 42,184 votes.)
Results
Results by county
See also
United States presidential elections in Alabama
References
Alabama
1940
1940 Alabama elections
Karizak-e Kenar Kal (, also Romanized as Kārīzak-e Kenār Kāl; also known as Kārīzak, Kārīzak-e Kāl, and Kārīzak Kāl) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 507, in 124 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Yanzigitovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Tatlybayevsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 362 as of 2010. There are 7 streets.
Geography
Yanzigitovo is located 30 km east of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Khasanovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
Pinetta Colonna-Gamero (11 April 1905 – 27 September 1996) was an Italian painter. Them work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1905 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Italian painters
Italian women painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Painters from Turin
20th-century Italian women
Édgar Sosa (born January 15, 1988) is a Dominican-American professional basketball player for Al-Naft SC of the Iraqi Basketball League. They played college basketball for Louisville.
High school and college career
Sosa attended Rice High School in New York City, where they received all-American honors.
As a first-year student at Louisville playing with Derrick Caracter, Earl Clark and Jerry Smith, the young group struggled early in the 2006–07 season. The team went on to win 8 out of its last 10 games, earning a bid to the NCAA Tournament. In the second round of the NCAA Tournament against Texas A&M, Sosa scored 31 points, shooting 15 for 17 from the line and 7 for 9 from the field. They also shot 15 for 15 on free throws to start the game, but missed their final two, as Texas A&M won the game.
In their four-year career at Louisville, Sosa played 140 games and averaged 9.7 points per game.
Professional career
On July 23, 2010, Sosa signed a one-year deal with Italian Serie A team Angelico Biella. In June 2011, they parted ways with Biella.
On July 3, 2011, Sosa signed a one-year deal with Sutor Basket Montegranaro. However, after breaking their leg playing for the Dominican Republic at the 2011 FIBA Americas Championship in September, they were ruled out for six months. Sosa was subsequently replaced on Montegranaro's roster by Ben Uzoh.
In June 2012, Sosa joined Dominican team Reales de La Vega.
In January 2013, Sosa joined Blancos de Rueda Valladolid on a one-month contract. They later played in Puerto Rico for Cangrejeros de Santurce and in their home country for Leones de Santo Domingo.
On September 30, 2013, Sosa signed with ratiopharm Ulm of the German Basketball Bundesliga for the 2013–14 season.
On July 7, 2014, Sosa signed with Italian team Dinamo Sassari for the 2014–15 season.
On September 25, 2015, Sosa signed with the Atlanta Hawks. They were waived by the Hawks on October 10, 2015 after appearing in one preseason game. Later that month, they signed with Iranian team Petrochimi Bandar Imam. On April 16, 2016, a day after winning the Iranian Super League title with Petrochimi, Sosa signed with Israeli team Hapoel Jerusalem for the rest of the season.
On August 11, 2016, Sosa signed with Italian team Juvecaserta Basket for the 2016–17 season. On March 15, 2017, they parted ways with Juvecaserta after averaging 19.4 points, 2.8 rebounds and 5.9 assists per game in the Serie A. Three days later, they signed with Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut of the Lebanese Basketball League.
On July 26, 2017, Sosa signed with the New Zealand Breakers for the 2017–18 NBL season. On March 14, 2018, they signed with Reyer Venezia Mestre of the Lega Basket Serie A.
On June 8, 2018, Sosa signed with BCM Gravelines-Dunkerque of the French LNB Pro A. In 18 games played during the 2018–19 season, they averaged 13.2 points and 5.2 assists per game.
On August 24, 2019, Sosa returned to Israel for a second stint, signing with Hapoel Gilboa Galil for the 2019–20 season. On January 12, 2020, Sosa recorded a season-high 38 points, while shooting 6-of-10 from three-point range, along with four rebounds and four assists in a 98–93 win over their former team Hapoel Jerusalem. They were subsequently named Israeli League Round 15 MVP.
On July 26, 2020, they signed with Boulazac Basket Dordogne of LNB Pro A.
On February 16, 2021, they signed with Rasta Vechta of the Basketball Bundesliga. Sosa averaged 16.5 points, 3.4 assists, and 2.0 rebounds per game.
On September 2, 2021, they signed with Zamalek of the Egyptian Basketball Super League. On May 28, they were named to the All-BAL First Team of the 2022 season, helping Zamalek to a third place with a team leading 18.5 points per game.
On September 18, 2022, Sosa joined Al-Naft SC of the Iraqi Basketball League.
National team career
Sosa made their debut for the Dominican national team in 2011. In 2014, they represented the Dominican Republic at the FIBA Basketball World Cup in Spain.
Career statistics
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Sassari
| 10 || 0 || 22.9 || .361 || .282 || .719 || 1.4 || 4.2 || .3 || .0 || 10.4 || 6.7
|-
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 10 || 0 || 22.9 || .361 || .282 || .719 || 1.4 || 4.2 || .3 || .0 || 10.4 || 6.7
See also
2006 boys high school basketball All-Americans
References
External links
Édgar Sosa at euroleague.net
Édgar Sosa at fiba.com
Édgar Sosa at gocards.com
"Edgar Sosa puts Breakers ahead of the Dominican Republic's World Cup qualifiers" at stuff.co.nz
1988 births
Living people
2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup players
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Iran
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Lebanon
American expatriate basketball people in New Zealand
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from New York City
BCM Gravelines players
Cangrejeros de Santurce basketball players
CB Valladolid players
Dinamo Sassari players
Dominican Republic expatriate basketball people in Spain
Dominican Republic men's basketball players
Hapoel Gilboa Galil Elyon players
Hapoel Jerusalem B.C. players
Juvecaserta Basket players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Liga ACB players
Louisville Cardinals men's basketball players
New Zealand Breakers players
Pallacanestro Biella players
Petrochimi Bandar Imam BC players
Point guards
Ratiopharm Ulm players
Reyer Venezia players
SC Rasta Vechta players
Al Riyadi Club Beirut basketball players
Zamalek SC basketball players
Baz-e Heydar (, also Romanized as Bāz-e Ḩeydar; also known as Bār-e Ḩeydar) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 35 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Alvin "Abe" Aaron (January 27, 1910 – January 31, 1970) was a jazz clarinetist and saxophonist, who was born in Canada but spent most of their life performing in the United States.
Aaron was born in Toronto on January 27, 1910. Their father was bandleader with a theater band in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and had them play reeds in the band for more than ten years. Early in the 1940s they left this group to play alto saxophone in the big band of Jack Teagarden, with which they recorded in 1942. They moved to Hollywood in 1943 and played with Horace Heidt on radio. From 1945 to 1947 they played with Skinnay Ennis, then returned to work under Heidt through 1949.
Through the decade of the 1950s Aaron played in Les Brown's Band of Renown, including on tours of Europe and East Asia. They recorded often as a member of Brown's band for Coral Records and Capitol Records. In the band, they played clarinet and alto sax in the early 1950s, then switched to tenor and baritone. They also recorded on bass clarinet with Billy Usselton.
References
External links
Abe Aaron at Find a Grave
1910 births
1970 deaths
Canadian jazz clarinetists
Canadian jazz saxophonists
Male saxophonists
20th-century saxophonists
20th-century Canadian male musicians
Canadian male jazz musicians
Canadian expatriates in the United States
Musicians from Toronto
Burials at Eden Memorial Park Cemetery
Justice Horsey may refer to:
Charles Lee Horsey, associate justice of the Supreme Court of Nevada
Henry R. Horsey, associate justice of the Delaware Supreme Court
Imma denticulata is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1910. It is found on Borneo and Timor.
The wingspan is 18–19 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous with the extreme costal edge ochreous whitish and with a suffused indistinct darker fuscous mark on the transverse vein. There is a very small ochreous-whitish triangular spot on the costa near the apex. The hindwings of the males are fuscous, darker posteriorly, towards the base thinly scaled, with broad hyaline (glass-like) median and subdorsal streaks from the base to about three-fourths. In females, the hindwings are dark fuscous, on the basal half thinly scaled with broad median and subdorsal streaks. These are subhyaline and mixed with whitish.
References
Moths described in 1910
Immidae
Moths of Asia
George J. Hucker (August 19, 1893 – May 18, 1988) was an American microbiologist who was involved in the founding of the Institute of Food Technologists and was involved in dairy microbiology.
Career at Cornell University
Hucker was a professor of bacteriology and chief of the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station in Geneva, New York during the early 20th century.
Involvement in the Institute of Food Technologists
Hucker attended an international conference held at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1937 that proved so successful that would lead to two more meeting preliminary meetings in 1938 and 1939. These two meetings at MIT would lead to another conference later in 1939 that would lead to the formation of the Institute of Food Technologists (IFT) with Hucker being elected as Secretary-Treasurer, a position they would serve until 1947, when they were elected IFT President. Hucker would serve as IFT President during 1947-48 while their previous position was given to Carl R. Fellers, head of the food technology department at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Hucker would be named an IFT Fellow in 1976.
References
Paul Jones Chapman papers at Cornell University: 1940-83 - Accessed November 8, 2006.
H.J. Conn papers at Cornell University: 1811-1959 - Accessed November 8, 2006.
Cornell University chronicle: October 16, 2003 - Accessed November 8, 2006.
Goldblith, S.A. (1993). Pioneers in Food Science, Volume 1: Samuel Cate Prescott - M.I.T. Dean and Pioneer Food Technologist. Trumball, CT: Food & Nutrition Press. p. 102.
List of IFT Fellows
1893 births
1988 deaths
American food scientists
American microbiologists
Cornell University faculty
Fellows of the Institute of Food Technologists
Chen Lan-bo () is a Taiwanese biotechnologist. They were a Professor of Pathology at Harvard Medical School between 1977 to 2004 and is the author of over 250 publications.  They are also a member of Boston's Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in the department of cancer and biology and an Academician of the Academia Sinica of Taiwan.
Early life and education
Chen was born on 23 August 1943 in Yilan, Taiwan. They received their B.S. in Chemistry from National Taiwan University in Taiwan, followed by their Ph.D. in cell biology at Massachusetts Institute of technology.
Research and career
Chen did postdoctoral research work for one year supervised by James D. Watson, the Nobel Laureate who co-discovered the DNA double helix structure. They did research on the mitogenicity of thrombin and surface alterations on mouse splenocytes and also on intercellular LETS glycoprotein matrices.
 They are also a cell biologist making seminal findings in the multiple fields of molecular cell biology and cancer biology, including the discovery of rhodamine 123 for highly specific fluorescent localization of mitochondria in living cells, removal of carcinoma cells from contaminated bone marrow using the lipophilic cation, identification of human cancer line without any Intermediate filaments, and also on the development of the rare event detection system to detect lung cancer cells from Body fluids.
In the early days of their career, they worked as a Senior Staff investigator at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories, before becoming a full and emeritus professor of pathology at the Harvard Medical School with laboratories at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
Chen founded Synta Pharmaceuticals Corporation, and in 2007, was invited to serve on the founding board of directors for Yu Chang Biologics Company, also known as TaiMed Biologics Company. Chen was supportive of Tsai Ing-wen's 2012 presidential campaign after Tsai's involvement with TaiMed became a subject of investigation. Chen described the Sunflower Student Movement of 2014 as "the mightiest movement Taiwan has seen in several decades" and said that "this student movement will kick-start the development of Taiwan's biotech industry." In January 2019, Chen signed a petition opposing the confirmation of Kuan Chung-ming as president of National Taiwan University.
Awards and honors
Chen received the American Cancer Society Professor award and elected as a member of the Central Academy of Sciences. They also served as a former Board member at Madrigal Pharmaceuticals.
Publications
Chen has published over 250 publications. Their contributions include the following:
Lan Bo Chen. "Mitochondrial Membrane Potential in Living Cells". Annual Review of Cell Biology.
Lan Bo Chen, Andrew Murray, Rosalind A. Segal, Anne Bushnell, and Marcia L. Walsh. "Studies on intercellular LETS glycoprotein matrices". Journal of the cell.
L B Chen, P H Gallimore, and J K McDougall. "Correlation between tumor induction and the large external transformation sensitive protein on the cell surface". Journal of PNAS.
Lan Bo Chen. "Fluorescent Labeling of Mitochondria". Methods in cell biology.
L.B.Chen, N.Maitland, P.H.Gallimore, and J.K.McDougall. "Detection of the large external transformation-sensitive protein on some epithelial cells". Journal of Experimental cell research.
L.B.Chen, N.N.H.Teng, and J.M.Buchanan. "Mitogenicity of thrombin and surface alterations on mouse splenocytes". Journal of Experimental cell research.
Lan Bo Chen and John M. Buchanan. "Plasminogen-Independent Fibrinolysis by Proteases Produced by Transformed Chick Embryo Fibroblasts". JSTOR.
Lan Bo Chen, Keith Burridge, Andrew Murray, Marcia L. Walsh, Christine D. Copple, Anne Bushnell, James K. McDougall, and Phillip H. Gallimore. "MODULATION OF CELL SURFACE GLYCOCALYX: STUDIES ON LARGE, EXTERNAL, TRANSFORMATION-SENSITIVE PROTEIN". Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences.
Faith E. Davies , Ann M. Dring , Cheng Li , Andrew C. Rawstron , Masood A. Shammas , Sheila M. O'Connor , James A.L. Fenton , Teru Hideshima , Dharminder Chauhan , Isabella T. Tai , Elizabeth Robinson , Daniel Auclair , Karen Rees , David Gonzalez , A. John Ashcroft , Ranjit Dasgupta , Constantine Mitsiades , Nicholas Mitsiades , Lan B. Chen, Wing H. Wong , Nikhil C. Munshi , Gareth J. Morgan , and Kenneth C. Anderson. "Insights into the multistep transformation of MGUS to myeloma using microarray expression analysis". Blood Journal.
Xiuwei Yang, Christoph Claas, Stine-Kathrein Kraeft, Lan Bo Chen, Zemin Wang, Jordan A. Kreidberg, and Martin E. Hemler. "Palmitoylation of Tetraspanin Proteins: Modulation of CD151 Lateral Interactions, Subcellular Distribution, and Integrin-dependent Cell Morphology". Molecular Biology of the cell.
External links
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Lan_Bo_Chen/7
https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=SaXjs4UAAAAJ&hl=en
https://www.semanticscholar.org/author/Lan-Bo-Chen/32113059
References
1943 births
Living people
20th-century Taiwanese scientists
21st-century Taiwanese scientists
Taiwanese expatriates in the United States
Harvard Medical School faculty
National Taiwan University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science alumni
Taiwanese biotechnologists
Members of Academia Sinica
Taiwanese company founders
Taiwanese biologists
In the field of pharmacology, diphemanil metilsulfate also known as diphemanil methylsulfate is an antimuscarinic (an agent that blocks the action of the natural neurotransmitter acetylcholine).
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Piperidines
Heikki Nousiainen (born 19 June 1945 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish film and television actor. Nousiainen made their acting debut in the television movie Henrik ja Perinlla in 1967. They entered film in 1971, as both a director and an actor in Saatanan radikaalit and has made over 40 Finnish film and TV appearances to date. They have worked with Finnish director Timo Koivusalo on a number of films such as Sibelius in 2003 and Kaksipäisen kotkan varjossa (2005), as well as in other Finnish movies and TV series. In 2006 they starred in 3 different films. Nousiainen is also known as playing President Urho Kekkonen in TV series Vallan miehet (1986), Presidentit (2006) and Piru ja peijooni (2008).
Filmography
Henrik ja Pernilla (1967) (TV)
Saatanan radikaalit (1971)
Rakastunut rampa (1975)
Lottovoittaja UKK Turhapuro (1976)
Jäniksen vuosi (1977)
Hullu kesä (1981)
V.Y. Vihdoinkin yhdessä (1986)
Lain ulkopuolella (1987)
Kultainen koskelo (1989)
Kiljusen herrasväen uudet seikkailut (1990)
Keskiyön aurinko (1991)
Mestari (1992)
Maraton (1997)
Pekko ja unissakävelijä (1997)
Siivoton juttu (1997)
Johtaja Uuno Turhapuro - pisnismies (1998)
Kulkuri ja Joutsen (1999)
Pelon maantiede (2000)
Hurmaava joukkoitsemurha (2000)
Ei siihen kuole (2003)
Sibelius (2003)
Lapsia ja aikuisia - Kuinka niitä tehdään? (2004)
Paha maa (2005)
Kaksipäisen kotkan varjossa (2005)
Postia pappi Jaakobille (2009)
Forbidden Fruit (2009)
Euthanizer (2017)
One Last Deal (2018)
External links
1945 births
Living people
Male actors from Helsinki
Finnish male film actors
Finnish male television actors
Senator Griffith may refer to:
Frederick W. Griffith (1858–1928), New York State Senate
Henry W. Griffith (1897–1956), New York State Senate
Melony G. Griffith (born 1963), Maryland State Senate
Parker Griffith (born 1942), Alabama State Senate
Silas L. Griffith (1837–1903), Vermont State Senate
Yang Pu (; born 30 March 1978 in Beijing) is a Chinese football manager and former player,  They are currently the head of Youth department of Beijing Guoan.
They played their entire professional football career for Beijing Guoan as a holding midfielder, left back and left winger where they were also their captain. As an international player they represented the Chinese national team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup squad where they played in two matches.
Club career
Yang Pu started their professional football career for Beijing Guoan in the 1998 league season and due to versatility to also play as a midfield they would quickly become a squad regular. By the 2000 league season they had firmly established themselves as their first choice left-back and became an integral member of the team. Despite several management changes they would remain a loyal member to the club and win their first piece of silverware with the 2003 Chinese FA Cup. Their loyalty to the club would pay off when they were named as their captain in the 2007 league season, however due to injury they rarely actually captained the team. At the end of the 2009 league season Yang Pu retired due to a persistent right knee injury, however despite this they were able to lead Beijing Guoan to the league title even though they missed much of the league season.
International career
Yang Pu made their senior international debut in friendly against their ancestral country North Korea on August 3, 2001 in a 2-2 draw. Though predominantly a left back or left midfielder they were used was in a variety of positions for the Chinese football team and this versatility quickly saw them become a regular within the squad. Increasingly pushing for a place in the Chinese starting line-up they would be a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and even play in two group games. With the introduction of Sun Xiang and Yan Song they saw their time limited within the team and they would play their last game against Kuwait on October 13, 2004 in a Fifa World Cup qualifier that China lost 1-0.
Honours
Player
Beijing Guoan
Chinese Super League: 2009
Chinese FA Cup: 2003
Chinese Football Super Cup: 2003
References
External links
2002 China Team Player Profile at BBC website
Player stats at Football-lineups.com
1978 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Chinese football managers
Footballers from Beijing
Beijing Guoan F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China international footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
Beijing Guoan F.C. non-playing staff
The Nepal cupwing, Nepal wren-babbler or immaculate cupwing (Pnoepyga immaculata) is a species of bird in the family Pnoepygidae.
It is found in Uttarakhand and Nepal.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Nepal wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Paul Felix Hoffman, FRSC, OC (born March 21, 1941) is a Canadian geologist and Sturgis Hooper Professor Emeritus of Geology at Harvard University. They specialize in the Precambrian era and is widely known for their research on Snowball Earth glaciation in the Neoproterozoic era particularly through their research on sedimentary rocks of Namibia.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, they received a B.Sc. from McMaster University in 1964, a M.Sc. from Johns Hopkins University in 1965, and was awarded a Ph.D. by Johns Hopkins University in 1970, where their doctoral advisor was Francis J. Pettijohn.
Paul Hoffman formerly worked for the Geological Survey of Canada and was subsequently the Sturgis Hooper Professor of Geology at Harvard University. They currently reside in Victoria, British Columbia where they have an appointment within the University of Victoria School of Earth and Ocean Science.
 They are also the brother of Abby Hoffman, a Pan American Games gold medalist and Olympian in track and field. Both have received the Order of Canada for accomplishments in different fields.
Honours
In 1974, they were awarded the Geological Association of Canada's Past-Presidents' Medal
In 1991 they were awarded the Canadian Society of Petroleum Geologists's R. J. W. Douglas Medal
In 1992 they were awarded the Geological Association of Canada's highest honour, the Logan Medal
In 1997 they were awarded the Royal Society of Canada's Willet G. Miller Medal
In 2009 they received the Wollaston Medal of the Geological Society
In 2011 they were awarded the Geological Society of America's Penrose Medal
In 2012 they were made an Officer of the Order of Canada
In 2016 they were awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Canadian Geographical Society
Works
Hoffman, Paul F. (1968) Stratigraphy of the Lower Proterozoic (Aphebian), Great Slave Supergroup, east arm of Great Slave Lake, District of Makenzie Ottawa: Geological Survey of Canada OCoLC 111430495
P F Hoffman; D Kurfurst (1988) Geology and tectonics, East Arm of Great Slave Lake, District of Mackenzie, Northwest Territories Ottawa: Geological Survey of Canada OCLC 22412425
P F Hoffman; L Hall (1993) Geology, Slave craton and environs, District of Mackenzie, Northwest Territories Ottawa: Geological Survey of Canada OCLC 290944947
Hoffman, P.F., Kaufman, A.J., Halverson, G.P. & Schrag, D.P. (1998) “A Neoproterozoic snowball Earth” Science 281, 1342-46
Hoffman, P.F. & Schrag, D.P. (2000) “Snowball Earth” Scientific American 282, 68-75
Hoffman, P.F. & Schrag, D.P. (2002) “The snowball Earth hypothesis: testing the limits of global change” Terra Nova 14, 129-155
Snowball Earth (2005) Rita Chang & Alan Fine OCLC 165116212
References
External links
Short Hoffman bio
Snowball Earth Theory
Snowball Earth web site
Geological Association of Canada Medals and Awards
Miller Medal Royal Society of Canada
1941 births
Living people
Canadian geologists
Geological Survey of Canada personnel
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Harvard University faculty
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
McMaster University alumni
People from Toronto
Logan Medal recipients
Wollaston Medal winners
Officers of the Order of Canada
Penrose Medal winners
The great-billed seed finch (Sporophila maximiliani) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest. They are found in two separate general populations, one in the northern Amazon rainforest and the other in the Cerrado. They live in flooded areas with nests low to the ground. The adults express strong sexual dimorphism. Males are black with white under wing-coverts and ivory white bills, and the females are generally light brown with white under wing-coverts and black bills. Both the male and female have very large, thick bills. The great-billed seed finch has a melodious call, which has made it a target for trapping.
Although the population is quickly declining due to trapping and loss of habitat, not much is known about its behavior and ecology.
Taxonomy
The great-billed seed finch was called Fringilla crassirostris when a female was collected on the eastern coast of Brazil in 1815 by Prince Maximilian of Wied-Neuwied. Twenty years after their description was published, the seed finch was included in the newly proposed genus Oryzoborus by Jean Louis Cabanis (1851).
The seed finches were once categorized in the genus Oryzoborus. They are a group of six species: the chestnut-bellied seed finch (Oryzoborus angolensis), large-billed seed finch (Oryzoborus crassirostris), black-billed seed finch (Oryzoborus atrirostris), thick-billed seed finch (Oryzoborus funereus), great-billed seed finch (Oryzoborus maximiliani), and the Nicaraguan seed finch (Oryzoborus nuttingi). The females of seed finches are very similar in morphology. The taxonomy is therefore almost exclusively based on the male plumages. Categorization of the seed finches had been historically based on male plumage patterning with color groups such as gray and chestnut-colored. Further molecular and morphological analyses of the birds led to the genus Oryzoborus being subsumed into the genus Sporophila.
The great-billed seed finch includes two subspecies. The first is the S. m. maximiliani which is found mainly in Cerrado, eastern Bolivia, and in the Brazilian states of Goiás, Bahia, Minas Gerais, Espirito Santo, São Paulo, Mato Grosso, and Mato Grosso do Sul. The second is the S. m. parkesi which is found in southeastern Sucre to Elta Amacuro, northern South America, eastern Venezuela, northern Bolívar, western Guyana, and the northernmost part of Brazil.
Description
The great-billed seed finch is sexually dimorphic. They have an extremely large and thick bill, that is chalky white in males and black in females. The beak volume is about 840mm³. The males are black with white or white and black under wing-coverts. The females have a warm brown back and a buffy brown belly with white under wing-coverts. The females are very similar to other adult females of the Sporophila genus. Both the male and female great-billed seed finch are very similar in appearance to the male and female large-billed seed finch. It is a medium-sized finch at around 14.5-16.5 cm in length. The juvenile is similar in appearance to the female. Sexual dimorphism presents itself in males when they begin to sing. The male juvenile eventually moults its black feathers, having a patchy appearance for several months until it is fully black.
Due to their similarity with other species, sexual dimorphism, and juvenile appearance, great-billed seed finches can be very difficult to identify morphologically.
The eggs of the great-billed seed finch are grayish white with black blotches and light brown spots.
Distribution and habitat
The great-billed seed finch exists in two separate populations in South America. The southern population is found in the Cerrado and in the Cerrado enclaves into the transition zones in Atlantic Forest. The northern population is found in the northern Amazon rainforest.
The great-billed seed finch is specialized to live in humid environments and is often associated with flooded areas and marshy borders.
Ecology and behavior
Feeding
The great-billed seed finch is predominantly granivorous and feeds mainly on seeds of many Cyperaceae species. They are usually found in pairs. Not much more is known.
Breeding
Breeding season generally begins around November or December during spring and summer in central and southern Brazil and extends until the end of February or early March. Breeding in the great-billed seed finch is stimulated by the first torrential rains of spring. The spring rains cause the fruiting of the Cyperaceae species, which then produce mature seeds in the middle of the rainy season. During breeding season, the seed finch is especially territorial and aggressive. Their nests are cup-shaped and anywhere from one to three meters high. They lay eggs in clutch sizes of two to three eggs which are incubated by the female.
Relationship with humans
The three larger seed finches (large-billed seed finch, black-billed seed finch, and great-billed seed finch), have been hunted by bird trappers and have thus had a severe and steady decline in population. They are sought after for their melodious song. The species are also facing a decline in population due to the loss of habitat. The native grasslands that the seed finches nest in are being converted into agricultural fields. Manmade fires for the purpose of agriculture and cattle ranching as well as aerial pesticides also impact the population of the seed finch.
Status
It is rare to uncommon. The population size is decreasing and there is estimated to be anywhere from 1000-2499 individuals. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) considers the species to be a species that is endangered globally.
References
IUCN Red List endangered species
Sporophila
Seedeaters
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Brazil
great-billed seed finch
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1963-64 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 56 teams in 7 pools.
The four first teams of each pool and the best four placed 5th qualified for the last 32.
Pau won the championship after beating Béziers in the final.
It was the third time Pau had won the championship.
Qualification round
Teams in bold qualified for the next round
"Last 32"
Teams in bold qualified for the next round
Brive, the best placed team in the qualification round, was eliminated by Pau, the worst placed team to become the French Champions.
"Last 16"
Teams in bold qualified for the quarterfinals
Quarterfinals
Teams in bold qualified for the semifinals
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1964 lnr.fr
Finale 1964 finalesrugby.com
1964
France 1964
Championship
Lucie Cave is the Editor-in-Chief of Heat magazine and the Heat brand (spanning heat radio, heatworld.com and heat TV). They graduated with a 2:1 in English Literature from the University of Sheffield in 1995, where they were the editor of the University newspaper Darts. Them career started with Trouble TV.
Publications
On 25 May 2014, Hodder published Joey Essex's number one selling ghost-written autobiography called Joey Essex: Being Reem, written by and dedicated to Lucie Cave. On 2 May 2006 they also ghost-wrote the HarperCollins published Jade Goody's autobiography titled Jade: My Autobiography, dedicated to Cave. They also wrote Abi Titmuss' book - released in spring 2008.
Broadcasting
Cave has appeared on numerous TV shows as a presenter and media pundit. Including 'E! live from the red carpet', and the National Television Awards and the TV Baftas. They also host two weekend shows on Heat radio and was a relief presenter on breakfast station GMTV for their Talking Telly segment. They were a regular guest on Ray D'Arcy's breakfast show, on Irish radio station Today FM. They also present some shows on the channel Heat. They host segments and shows on 4Music and presents Weekend on Saturdays with Aled Jones.
Personal life
In September 2014 they married Ben Lunt at Babington House, Somerset.
References
English women journalists
English television presenters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ocriticum was an Italic and Roman town, the ruins of which are located in the comune of Cansano, in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
References
External links
Roman sites of Abruzzo
Cansano
Wróblin Głogowski () is a former village, now almost completely deserted part of Głogów, in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in Głogów County. Wróblin is located in the direct vicinity of the Głogów Copperworks. Degradation of the natural environment by the smelter forced the inhabitants of the village to leave it. Currently, Wróblin Głogowski is located within the administrative borders of Głogów and is inhabited by one family
Name
The name derives from the Polish name "sparrow", a bird from the sparrow family (Passeridae). According to the German geographer and linguist Heinrich Adamy, the name of the town derives from the Polish name "sparrow". - "von sparrow = Sperling". In their work on local names in Silesia published in 1888 in Wrocław, they mention the Polish name "Wróblina" as the earliest, giving its meaning "Sperlingdorf", i.e., "Village of Sparrows" in Polish. The Germans Germanized the name to Fröbel and as a result it lost its original meaning.
In 1295, in the Latin chronicle Liber fundationis episcopatus Vratislaviensis (the "Wage Book of the Bishopric of Wroclaw"), the village was mentioned in the form of Wroblino.
Monuments
The register of the National Heritage Institute includes a list of monuments:
The Chapel of St. Helena's Church, a classicist brick church, built in 1810
Wooden bell tower
Other monuments
The Wróblin Głogowski railroad station
Monument to German soldiers from Wróblin Głogowski who were killed in World War I
Near the town, burnt Lusatian burial cemeteries were discovered. The artifacts are currently on display in the Archaeological and History Museum in Głogów Castle.
References
Former populated places in Poland
Districts of Głogów
Abandoned places in Poland
Les pirates du silence, written and drawn by Franquin, is the tenth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series. The title story, and another, La Quick Super, were serialised in Spirou magazine before both were published in one hardcover album in 1958.
Story
In The Pirates of Silence, Fantasio gets an assignment from Le Moustique to write a story about Incognito City, a highly modernized city inhabited by wealthy celebrities and where security is tight and photography strictly forbidden. Fantasio gets around this by hiding miniature cameras in everyday items such as their pipe. But before they and Spirou leave, the Marsupilami surprisingly appears at their home, having somehow traveled alone from the Count's mansion in Champignac. Unable to reach the Count by phone, they drive to Incognito City and have an unpleasant traffic encounter with Juan Corto Dos Orejas, leaving them with a bad impression and a small object found on the ground. Further encounters with thugs and suspicious events slowly expose a fiendish plot, involving the kidnapping of the Count of Champignac.
In The Quick Super, Fantasio sets out to test-drive a "Quick" (a large car manufactured by Genial Motors) for the week-end, in order to write a review for Spirou Méchanique. There are mysterious elements however, as all previously test-driven Quicks have ended up stolen, and this one is no exception. As the events unfold, old acquaintances from Circus Zabaglione (from Les voleurs du Marsupilami) reappear.
Background
This album most famously reveals another of Marsupilami's remarkable attributes, namely its ability to perfectly mimic human words.
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1958 graphic novels
1958 in comics
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
The Merton Parkas were an English mod revival band, formed in the Merton area of South London in the mid-1970s, by Danny Talbot (vocals and guitar), their brother, Mick Talbot (keyboards), Neil Hurrell (bass) and Simon Smith (drums).
The group was discovered playing in a pub in Clapham, South London, by Alan Anger, a punk journalist, and signed with the independent record label, Beggars Banquet. They originally called themselves "The Sneekers", and were one of a group of power pop bands that included The Pleasers. The Merton Parkas released a few moderately successful singles, such as: "You Need Wheels", "Plastic Smile", "Give it to Me Now" and "Put Me in the Picture". They also released one album, Face in the Crowd. Rick Buckler of The Jam played with the band at Ronnie Scotts, and Mick Talbot played on "Heatwave", a track on The Jam's 1979 album Setting Sons.
The Merton Parkas also appeared at the Bridge House, Canning Town, but due to contractual disputes between record labels, did not feature on the 1979 album, Mods Mayday. However the un-released recording of their set at the Bridge House can be found on YouTube.
The band's most notable track was "You Need Wheels", which reached No. 40 in the UK Singles Chart in the summer of 1979. As this was their only success in that chart, they are regarded as one-hit wonders in the UK.
After The Merton Parkas disbanded in 1980, Mick Talbot went on to play with Dexys Midnight Runners, The Bureau, and The Style Council. Simon Smith joined the psychedelic revival band, Mood Six.
See also
Merton Park
List of Peel sessions
List of bands from England
Mod revival
List of performers on Top of the Pops
References
External links
[ Merton Parkas biography] at the AllMusic website
Merton Parkas bio & info
Find Merton Parkas & Mod music
English rock music groups
Musical groups from London
Media and communications in the London Borough of Merton
British mod revival groups
English new wave musical groups
Musical groups disestablished in 1980
José Carlos Bizama Venegas (born 25 June 1994) is a Chilean professional footballer who plays as a defender for Palestino and the Chilean national team.
Club career
Huachipato
Born in Curanilahue, Bizama began their career with Chilean Primera División club Huachipato; joining Los Acereros when they were 16. They made their professional debut on 22 May 2014, coming on as a sub in a 5–4 win over Deportes Concepción in a Copa Chile match. Bizama made their Primera División debut on 8 August 2014 in a 2–1 against Deportes Iquique. They made their first appearance in an international competition on 12 August 2015 when they got the start in a 2–0 defeat to Club Olimpia in the Copa Sudamericana. Bizama scored their first professional goal on 16 January 2016 in a 3–0 win over C.D. Universidad de Concepción.
Houston Dynamo
On 11 July 2019, Bizama signed with Major League Soccer club Houston Dynamo. However, Bizama wasn't officially added to the roster or allowed to train with the team until 2 August due to issues obtaining a visa. They made their Dynamo debut on 11 August, getting the start in a 2–1 defeat to the Philadelphia Union. Bizama would go on to make 5 appearances, 4 of them starts, in their first season with Houston.
On 28 February 2020, Bizama suffered a broken leg in practice the day before the Dynamo season opener. They underwent surgery on 2 March. They made their first appearance of the season on 9 September, playing the full match in a 1–1 draw at the Colorado Rapids. Bizama would go on to appear in 8 games in a shortened season due to the COVID-19 pandemic as Houston finished bottom of the Western Conference, missing out on the playoffs again.
On 15 May, Bizama made their first appearance of the 2021 season, playing the full 90 minutes in a 3–1 loss to the Rapids. That would be their only appearance of the season for the Dynamo.
On 5 August 2021, Bizama joined USL Championship side Charlotte Independence on loan for the remainder of the season. They made their Independence debut on 8 September, playing 90 minutes in a 5–0 win over Loudoun United. Bizama made 9 regular season appearances for the Independence, helping Charlotte finish 2nd in the Atlantic Division and qualify for the playoffs. They came off the bench in both of Charlotte's playoff games as they reached the conference semifinals, where they lost 1–0 to Louisville City.
Following the 2021 season, Bizama's contract option was declined by Houston. In January 2022 they signed for Palestino.
International career
On 17 May 2018, Bizama was called up by Reinaldo Rueda to the Chilean national team for 3 friendlies. Bizama would make their debut on 31 May, coming on as a sub in a 3–2 loss to Romania. They would also make 2 more appearances 4 and 8 June, coming on as a sub against Serbia and Poland, respectively. On 28 August 2019, Bizama was called back into the national squad by Rueda for two friendlies. They would come on as a sub in a 2–1 loss to Honduras to earn their 4th cap for La Roja.
Playing style
 They are nicknamed "La Flecha" ("The Arrow") due to their speed.
Career statistics
Club statistics
International statistics
References
1994 births
Living people
Chilean footballers
Chile international footballers
C.D. Huachipato footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Association football defenders
Houston Dynamo FC players
Charlotte Independence players
Chilean expatriate footballers
Chilean expatriates in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
Club Deportivo Palestino footballers
People from Arauco Province
Francette Vernillat (16 April 1937 – 2 December 2019) was a French actor. They were often a voice actor for characters playing young boys.
Filmography
Autant en emporte le vent (1939)
L'ombre d'un doute (1943)
Monsieur Vincent (1947)
Le destin exécrable de Guillemette Babin (1948)
Je n'ai que toi au monde (1949)
Le droit de l'enfant (1949)
Doctor Laennec (1949)
Ronde de nuit (1949)
Maria of the End of the World (1951)
Les Sept Péchés capitaux (1952)
Thérèse Raquin (1953)
Une balle signée X (1959)
Le Mystère des treize (1966)
Au-delà du réel (1980)
The Karate Kid (1984)
D.A.R.Y.L. (1985)
Les Enfants du silence (1986)
Theatre
Le Square du Pérou (1948)
Le Moulin de la galette (1951)
Le Bonheur des méchants (1952)
Les Sorcières de Salem (1954)
Amour, contact et court-circuit (1960)
References
French actores
1937 births
2019 deaths
is a 25-year-old fictional character in the Final Fantasy series, and a protagonist in Final Fantasy XII. They were designed by Akihiko Yoshida, was voiced by Gideon Emery and Hiroaki Hirata in the English and Japanese versions respectively, and is one of the most positively received characters of the game, compared by some to the likes of James Bond and Han Solo.
In Final Fantasy XII, they are a sky pirate who is accompanied by a member of the fictional Viera species, Fran. While attempting to steal the "Goddess's Magicite", they encounter protagonist Vaan, who had already stolen it. This coincidence entangles them into the main plot of Final Fantasy XII. Their birth name is Ffamran mied Bunansa, and they are the estranged son of Doctor Cid, one of the game's primary antagonists. Balthier later appears in Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings and in a cameo appearance in Final Fantasy Tactics: War of the Lions.
Character design
Balthier was designed by Akihiko Yoshida, who has stated that the character is their favorite from Final Fantasy XII since the character is based on "someone I admire." Balthier has been called a "completely original character" by Yoshida, having not used any previous Final Fantasy character as a reference. In an interview, Yoshida stated that all the characters of Final Fantasy XII were designed with a focus on creating an aesthetic found nowhere in the real world. The armor of the Judges, which Balthier had been, were designed as a combination of historical armor, mountain bike gear, and futuristic ideas. During the making of the game, there were some issues with the character's faces; In one scene Balthier asked Vaan how they were feeling which brought laughter to the staff because in that scene Vaan's face was poorly modelled. In retrospective, Square Enix members found Balthier as an appealing character and jokingly stated Vaan would need an entire decade to surpass him. Balthier was also meant to appear in another Final Fantasy XII game where the character would appear within the game's climax to assist its protagonists, Ashe and Basch, but the game was cancelled.
Attributes
For Final Fantasy XII, Balthier was voiced by Gideon Emery in English and Hiroaki Hirata in Japanese. Emery commented that while voicing the character of Balthier, they developed a "small crush" on Fran, Balthier's partner. They also commented that the biggest challenge of voicing Balthier was having to stay consistent, adding that they spent more than four hours in a small booth while doing the voice, which could cause them to "drift away from the character" if they go on for too long. They also described them as being similar to the character. Emery auditioned for Balthier, seeing them after they did this and "instantly fell in love with the character". They described them as a cross between Han Solo, James Bond, and Jack Sparrow, citing suave yet cocky attitude. They were thankful that they were not aware of Balthier's popularity since their reveal, stating that they would have been "crippled by the fear of not delivering on what the fans expected". They stated that they took no inspiration from anyone else for the role, wanting to ensure that they were unique. Instead, they cited the pictures and animation of the character as their inspiration. Emery cited Jack Fletcher, the voice director, as a great help in voicing the character and setting up the scene for him. To give Final Fantasy XII a Western feel, Balthier's movements were recorded by a Western motion capture actor.
Balthier is a Hume sky pirate who pilots the Strahl, a small airship, around the skies of Ivalice. VideoGamer.com editor Greg Vallentin made a similar comparison, calling them a "Han Solo-like sky pirate".
Appearances
Final Fantasy XII
Balthier and their companion, Fran, prefer to remain outside the war between the kingdoms of Ivalice. However, their attempt to steal the Goddess's Magicite—later revealed to be the Dusk Shard—from the Dalmascan Royal Palace goes bad; Vaan steals it first, and, caught in the fray of a rebel assault against the Imperial Palace, Balthier and Fran find themselves embroiled in the conflict against Archadia. Born as , they are the son of Dr. Cid (Cidolfus Demen Bunansa), though they grew weary of their father's madness and obsession with nethicite. Although Cid had made them an Imperial Judge, Ffamran eventually decided to cut their ties with their father and their role as a judge, becoming a sky pirate under a new name. With this new career change, Balthier amounted a sizable bounty on their head, attracting the attention of bounty hunters such as Ba'Gamnan. Unfortunately for Balthier, it took them a while to realize he'd been following their father in pursuing nethicite while they served in the resistance. Though they make peace with their father prior to their death, Balthier goes with the group to destroy the Sky Fortress Bahamut as penance for their father's deeds. Balthier claims to be the "leading man" of the story many times throughout the game, and insists that this status makes them invincible. During the final fight on the Sky Fortress Bahamut, Fran is badly injured and Balthier refuses to abandon them While cradling them in their arms the ship crashes with them inside. They remain out of contact until they retrieve the Strahl back from Vaan and Penelo a year later, leaving a note for the new Queen Ashe which held their wedding ring that they used to purchase their services.
Other games
Both they and Fran intend on finding the Cache of Glabados, which is resolved in Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings when it turns out to be tied to Eternal. Balthier was at first intent to take Lemures' treasure, the Auracite, but knew the truth behind it and attempted to destroy the Auralith, eventually rejoining Vaan's group to fight the Judge of Wings, letting Vaan be the "leading man" while they themselves leave the limelight. They make a crossover appearance in Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions. They were the first cameo character they added to War of the Lions, with co-producer Shingo Kosuge stating that it was not a conscious decision to add continuity to the Ivalice story. They also appear in Itadaki Street Portable. Balthier also reprises their role from Final Fantasy XII in the manga adaptation by Gin Amou.
While Balthier themselves doesn't appear in Final Fantasy XIV, players can acquire their attire via the Sky Pirate's Aiming gear set in the Return To Ivalice chapter The Orbonne Monastery. Their Viera partner Fran also appears as a prominent non-playable character in the narrative. Producer Naoki Yoshida had expressed an interest in Balthier appearing in Final Fantasy XIV but the idea was ultimately scrapped.
Merchandise
A Balthier figurine was sold randomly in Japanese sets of Final Fantasy XII characters. Square Enix released a Sculpture Arts set of Balthier and Fran escaping the palace of Rabanastre in 2008. A full-colored action figure of Balthier has also been displayed in the Square Enix Japan merchandise page.
Reception
Since their appearance in Final Fantasy XII, Balthier has received mostly positive reception. When they were first revealed, the fan response was very positive. GameSpys Justin Speer described them as a "clever-bastard type", praising their wry delivery. GameSpots Greg Kasavin called Balthier the best character in the game, describing them as the "Auron of the cast". 1UP.com editor Jeremy Parish called Final Fantasy XII protagonist Vaan annoying, placing the duo of Balthier and Fran above him. 1UP.coms Andrew Pfister stated that Balthier's presence in Final Fantasy XII helped ease some fans dislike of the "angsty teen" behavior of the main character Vaan. PSX Extreme editor Cavin Smith commented that while Vaan is the main character, they usually take a back seat, adding that Balthier is the closest thing to a male lead. For similar reasons, GameZone listed Balthier as the tenth best Final Fantasy character, emphasizing how Balthier becomes "as much the leading man as Vaan." PALGNs Phil Larsen commented that though a lofty prediction, they expected that the duo of Balthier and Fran would "go down in history as one of the greatest duos of modern narrative storytelling". Balthier ranked ninth on IGNs top 25 best Final Fantasy characters, ranking higher than any other character from Final Fantasy XII. Editor Dave Smith commented that they make a "convincing case" that they are the main hero, upstaging fellow playable characters due to their "sharp looks and even sharper wit." GamesRadars AJ Glasser listed Balthier and Fran as one of their favourite Final Fantasy couples, describing theirs as being a well-balanced relationship. Destructoids Aaron Linde noted that few video game characters had both their intelligence and their common sense, and wished more male characters in gaming could be like him.
Balthier has been compared to other characters in fiction. Simon Wigham of Console Obsession called Balthier their "favourite by quite a wide margin", comparing them to James Bond due to their "humorous lines". RPGFan editor Stephen Harris compared their voice to that of Ian Fleming's depiction of Bond. 1UP.com editor Andrew Pfister compared the duo of Balthier and Fran to that of Han Solo and Chewbacca, two characters from the Star Wars franchise, adding that they are far more interesting than any other character in the "modern FF era". Gideon Emery's work as Balthier's English voice actor was acclaimed by Eurogamer writer Martin Robinson as one of the best ones from the entire game as "it's fascinating to think how the game's wider perception might have changed if they were placed as the leading man". In August 2017, Final Fantasy XII: The Zodiac Age producer Hiroaki Katō discussed the possibilities of Balthier and Fran of having their own spin-off games based on gamers' demands. 1UP.com editor Jeremy Parish compared Balthier to Albus, one of the characters from Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia, stating that they share a physical resemblance.
References
Air pirates
Characters designed by Akihiko Yoshida
Fictional criminals in video games
Fantasy video game characters
Fictional pirates in video games
Final Fantasy characters
Final Fantasy XII
Male characters in video games
Square Enix protagonists
Video game characters introduced in 2006
ja:ファイナルファンタジーXII#主要人物
Blowback in forensics refers to vacuum effect created in the barrel of a firearm when it is discharged.
After the weapon is fired, air races into the barrel once the bullet has left the muzzle. This vacuum can pull in trace amounts of materials from the environment.
Police can use blood and tissue which have entered a gun barrel through blowback in an investigation.
References
Firearm terminology
The sacral spinal nerve 3 (S3) is a spinal nerve of the sacral segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the 3rd body of the sacrum.
Muscles
S3 supplies many muscles, either directly or through nerves originating from S3. They are not innervated with S3 as single origin, but partly by S3 and partly by other spinal nerves. The muscles are:
iliococcygeus
puborectalis
coccygeus
sphincter urethrae membranaceae
superior gemellus
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
Primary Industries and Regions SA (PIRSA), also known as Primary Industries and Regions South Australia, and the Department of Primary Industries and Regions SA, is an agency of the South Australian Government whose focus is the economic development of the state of South Australia. Its key areas of work include primary sector industries (in South Australia, mainly farming), and biosecurity.
Description
The agency is referred to as the Department of Primary Industries and Regions SA on the main government website, but refers to itself as Primary Industries and Regions SA (PIRSA) on its own website. Along with SARDI, PIRSA has been located at the Waite Research Precinct, alongside the University of Adelaide's Waite campus since about 1994.
A new chief executive, Michelle Edge, was appointed on 10 March 2020, after Scott Ashby's contract was due to expire in April 2020.
The purpose of the agency is to "grow primary industries and drive regional development". Its key areas of work include primary sector industries (in SA, mainly agriculture, viticulture and farming of livestock), marine aquaculture, and biosecurity. Agribusiness, covering "food and beverage, field crops, meat and livestock, wine, seafood, horticulture and forestry sectors" are seen as mainstays and growth areas of the South Australian economy.
The Fisheries and Aquaculture division manages the state's fish stocks, along with industry and the community, by developing and implementing policy and regulations to ensure sustainable development of the aquaculture industry. It employs Fisheries Officers to monitor compliance with fishing regulations.
PIRSA runs a grants program, for farm industry business owners and operators.
SARDI
The South Australian Research and Development Institute (SARDI) is the State Government's principal research institute, and forms part of PIRSA.
Organisational history
In October 1992 the South Australian Department of Agriculture, the Department of Fisheries, and the Department of Woods and Forests merged to form Primary Industries South Australia (PISA). In late 1996 or early 1997 the name of Mines and Energy South Australia was changed to Mines and Energy Resources South Australia (MERSA).
In October 1997, PISA and MERSA merged to form Primary Industries and Resources SA, or Department of Primary Industries and Resources SA (PIRSA).
In 2011/12 it changed its name to Primary Industries and Regions SA.
In early 2019, the Pastoral Board of South Australia, which governs pastoral leases in South Australia, moved from the Department for Environment and Water, to PIRSA.
In August 2019, PIRSA and SARDI entered a partnership with the University of Adelaide, in which scientists in diverse disciplines will be able to access PIRSA's research farms share their academic knowledge to the agricultural sector. The collaboration is anticipated to help develop SA's expertise in dryland agriculture, by encouraging multi-disciplinary research and help to bring about new export opportunities.
New Biosecurity Act for SA
, PIRSA is managing a review of current biosecurity legislation in South Australia, which has until now been covered by multiple pieces of legislation, with the aim of creating a new single and cohesive Biosecurity Act for the state based on the current policy developed by PIRSA.
Examples of PIRSA's work
In November 2007, PIRSA administered a travel survey in Adelaide, which identified the need for secure parking for bicycles in the city. A parking station for 21 bikes was built in a basement at the Grenfell Centre, which proved very popular. It also established a Bicycle User Group (BUG).
Two men were caught fishing at Wallaroo by PIRSA Fisheries Officers for snapper during the annual closure period in December 2014, and later fined for failing to comply with several offences.
PIRSA were involved, along with other agencies, in impact assessment of the damage done to many types of agricultural enterprises in South Australia by the December 2019 bushfires, in order to help with landholders' recovery from the fire. Advice on caring for stock, technical support and coordinating various types of assistance were given those who suffered losses from the fires, many of whom were located around Cudlee Creek and on Kangaroo Island.
Alternative names
These names are supplied by the authority record held by Libraries Australia :
Primary Industries and Resources South Australia
South Australia. Dept. of Primary Industries and Resources
South Australia. Department of Primary Industries and Resources
P.I.R.S.A.
PIRSA
South Australia. Primary Industries and Resources SA
South Australia. Dept. of Primary Industries and Natural Resources
Some of the above are standardised names used by librarians, which in natural English as per article names here would be Department of Primary Industries and Regions, as per sa.gov.au .
References
External links
Agriculture in South Australia
Biosecurity
Government agencies of South Australia
Primary industry departments in Australia
This article shows the rosters of all participating teams at the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship in Shaoxing, China.
Pool A
Eczacıbaşı VitrA İstanbul
The following is the roster of the Turkish club Eczacıbaşı VitrA İstanbul in the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
Head coach: Marco Aurélio Motta
Guangdong Evergrande VC
The following is the roster of the Chinese club Guangdong Evergrande VC in the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
Head coach: Fang Yan
Imoco Volley Conegliano
The following is the roster of the Italian club Imoco Volley Conegliano in the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
Head coach: Daniele Santarelli
Itambé Minas
The following is the roster of the Brazilian club Itambé Minas in the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
Head coach: Nicola Negro
Pool B
Dentil Praia Clube
The following is the roster of the Brazilian club Dentil Praia Clube in the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
Head coach: Paulo Coco
Igor Gorgonzola Novara
The following is the roster of the Italian club Igor Gorgonzola Novara in the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
Head coach: Massimo Barbolini
Tianjin Bohai Bank VC
The following is the roster of the Chinese club Tianjin Bohai Bank VC in the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
Head coach: Chen Youquan
Vakıfbank İstanbul
The following is the roster of the Turkish club Vakıfbank İstanbul in the 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
Head coach: Giovanni Guidetti
References
External links
Official website
2019 in women's volleyball
C
The 1954 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 24th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions in search of a third successive title.
On 5 September 1954 Dublin won the championship following a 2-7 to 2-3 defeat of Tipperary in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title and their first in eight championship seasons.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Offingen is a municipality in the Swabian administrative district Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
It has a population of 4,241 inhabitants.
Offingen lies in the Donauried between Ulm and Donauwörth on the Danube and Mindel. The Ulm–Augsburg railway line crosses the town. Neuoffingen station was an important interchange for decades.
History
Offingen and Landstrost
Offingen is, as can be derived from the name ending -ingen, the foundation of an Alemannic clan. The place name is derived from a clan leader Offo. The village developed as a street village at the intersection of the Roman road from Günzburg to Augsburg with the valley path leading along the Kammeltal. The village was first mentioned in a document dated 4 September 1186, in which Pope Urban III confirmed, among other things, that it was owned by the Augsburg bishop Udalschalk. At that time, the local government was exercised by Augsburg ministers. One of these ministerials was Konrad Schoberlin, whose gift of goods from the year 1209 has given an early mention of the town.
At the beginning of the 14th century Offingen became part of the margraviate of Burgau together with the neighbouring castle Landstrost by an area exchange. The town and its citizens were then pledged several times to secure monetary claims against creditors. From 1380 the lords of Westernach appeared in Offingen over such pledged possessions and partly also fief possessions. In 1518 Eustachius von Westernach sold their fief and pledged property to the lords of the Stain zu Rechtenstein at Reisensburg. Around 1550, they found themselves in an economic emergency and sold the Offingen estate to the lords of Schellenberg zu Hüfingen in 1599. However, they also became indebted with the property and transferred the fiefdoms back to the barons of Freyberg-Eisenberg in Haldenwang in 1659, who held the local sovereignty until the redemption of the feudal rights in the 19th century.
No major incidents occurred in Offingen during the German Peasants' War of 1525. Rather, the Offingen peasants seemed to have held back, since in March 1525 the Leipheimer Haufen moved to Offingen in order to force Offingen peasants into its alliance. After the defeat of the peasant uprising only two Offingen ringleaders were punished; the village got off lightly with a fine. From the Thirty Years' War from 1618 to 1648 little is known about Offingen. A tax register from 1627 still mentions numerous wealthy people in the town. Until 1680 any records about the general development of the village are missing.
From 1696 to 1700 a new castle was built in Landstrost by the barons of Freyberg. Around 1748 a castle (today's parsonage) was also built in Offingen.
Around 1800 Offingen had the status of an Obervogtamt. Since 1806 the place belongs to Bavaria. The trigger was the Rheinbundakte, an alliance of southern German states with France's Emperor Napoléon Bonaparte. This agreement determined, among other things, that the noble principalities as well as the knightly possessions, which up to then had been directly linked to the empire, were subordinated to the respective sovereign (mediatisation).
The castle in Offingen was inhabited by the barons of Freyberg until 1858 and then sold for lack of further use. After the farmer Johann Haupeltshofer became the new lord of the castle in 1862, the community and the church foundation acquired the property in 1878 and used it as a school and parsonage. The castle in Landstrost was severely damaged in 1871 by several landslides and finally demolished in 1872.
After the Second World War, the community took in about 1,000 expellees. In neighbouring Schnuttenbach, today a district of Offingen, around 75 Hungarian-Germans and around 250 displaced persons from the Sudetenland were accommodated in a barracks camp.
Incorporations
The municipality of Schnuttenbach was incorporated into Offingen on 1 May 1978. At the same time, the newly founded administrative community of the towns of Offingen, Gundremmingen and Rettenbach began its work, which is based in the new Offingen town hall.
District Schnuttenbach
The village was first mentioned in a document in 1298. Its special jewel is the chapel of Saint Ursula. It is decorated with frescoes from the 12th century. The attached Church of St. Ursula has artistically remarkable stained glass windows by Munich professor Josef Oberberger.
Schnuttenbach was the site of a labour camp during the National Socialist era. The documentary film Verborgen in Schnuttenbach by Thomas Gerhard Majewski is dedicated to this camp.
Politics
Mayor Thomas Wörz (SPD) has been in office since the 2008 local elections. They were re-elected in March 2014 with 57.3% of the votes.
The Market Community Council has 16 members. Since the local elections in 2014, they have distributed their seats on the following lists:
CSU: 5 seats
SPD: 5 seats
Free voters Offingen: 4 seats
Free voters association Schnuttenbach: 1 seat
Young citizens: 1 seat
There are faction communities between the CSU and the Free Voters' Association Schnuttenbach as well as the Free Voters Offingen and the Young Citizens.
Education
Kindergarten St. Georg Offingen (1 crèche group, 4 kindergarten groups)
Kinderhaus St. Ursula Schnuttenbach (1 crèche group, 2 kindergarten groups)
Primary school Offingen
Secondary school Offingen
Branch Office Adult Education Centre Günzburg
Sights and Sights
The Castle in Offingen was built around 1748 as the manor house of the barons of Freyberg. The building originally housed the Patrimonial Court. After the mediatization of the principalities and the abolition of feudal jurisdiction in 1848, the building changed hands several times before it became the property of the parish and the church foundation in 1879 and served as a school and parsonage. The stork's nest on the building now known as the Parsonage is inhabited by storks, which have been hibernating in the nest for several years.
The Catholic Parish church of Saint George was built between 1615 and 1618 by Hans Christoph von Schellenberg and their wife Dorothea on the site of an older predecessor building on the basis of a foundation. The coat of arms of the founder is preserved in the choir vault. The pulpit in the style of the late Renaissance probably still comes from the original equipment of the church. The main altar in the choir dates from the rococo period, the side altars were put together in their present form during a renovation in 1958.
The Leonhard Chapel was built in 1747 at the instigation of the Lords of Freyberg in place of an older chapel dedicated to Leonhard.
The Krieger Memorial Chapel was built in 1954 according to plans by Eduard Haertinger.
The Protestant Church of Reconciliation was built in 1965. A Protestant congregation in Offingen did not form until industrialisation in the second half of the 19th century and only reached a significant size after the arrival of Protestant expellees after the Second World War.
At Landstrost there is the Barbara Chapel, at the Chapel Trail to Landstrost there is also a Trinity Chapel from the 18th century.
Since May 2006, the 25-metre-high observation tower on the edge of the Danube valley slope has offered a panoramic view of the Danube valley and the Swabian Alb.
Economy
Until the middle of the 20th century, Offingen was a strongly rural community. The bronze memorial to the dairy farmer reminds us that the village enabled more than 100 dairy farmers to make a living.
The Augsburg entrepreneurs Johannes and Wilhelm Lembert as well as Franz Baptist Silbermann built the felt factory in 1896. It developed into the economically the strongest company in the town. In the 21st century, the BWF Group, which emerged from it, had worldwide business contacts and subsidiaries in several countries. Industrial settlements such as the paper factory, the fertilizer factory or a furniture factory lost importance after a temporary heyday.
Since 1950, two markets have been held annually in Offingen. On July 14, 1971, the Bavarian State Government awarded the town the official designation Markt (market). The market Offingen is not to be confused with Marktoffingen, which lies about 50 km further north.
Transport
The Offingen station is on the Ulm–Augsburg line. The official opening of this railway line on 1 May 1854 promoted passenger and freight traffic. The express mail wagon connection from Dillingen an der Donau to Günzburg was shortly thereafter routed via Lauingen and Gundremmingen to Offinger Bahnhof.
A Bavarian law of 29 April 1869 commissioned the construction of a railway link between Günzburg an der Donau and Donauwörth, now part of the Ingolstadt–Neuoffingen railway. The Neuoffingen railway station was built between Günzburg and Offingen. On 15 August 1876, rail traffic was officially launched on the new route. Passenger trains stopped there until 1988. Neuoffingen is one of the last brick stations in Bavaria to be listed.
Offingen is connected to several long-distance cycle routes, including the Danube cycle route (runs from the source to the mouth of the Danube) and, within the European EuroVelo network, the EV 6 long-distance cycle route (runs from the Atlantic to the Black Sea over more than 6000 km along six European rivers).
Persönlichkeiten
Hans Müller-Schnuttenbach (* 1889 in München; † 1973 in Rosenheim), Painter and draughtsman of Upper Bavarian landscapes
Ferdinand Rohrhirsch (* 1957 in Offingen; † 2018 in Esslingen am Neckar), Philosopher, theologian and executive coach
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
The Savanna State Forest is located in Aitkin and Saint Louis counties in the U.S. State of Minnesota. Comprising over 238,000 acres, the forest is bisected by the Upper Mississippi River, and contains Savanna Portage State Park, which preserves a historic trade route connecting the Mississippi River with the upper reaches of the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin.
The forest has white-tailed deer, ruffed grouse, waterfowl, songbirds, and many other species. The most popular species in Big Sandy Lake and other lakes in the forest are bass, panfish, walleye, and northern pike.
References
Minnesota state forests
Protected areas of Aitkin County, Minnesota
Paungde Township is a township in Pyay District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Paungde.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Pyay District
Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC) is an information security certification entity that specialises in technical and practical certification as well as new research in the form of its GIAC Gold program. SANS Institute founded the certification entity in 1999 and the term GIAC is trademarked by The Escal Institute of Advanced Technologies.
GIAC provides a set of vendor-neutral computer security certifications linked to the training courses provided by the SANS. GIAC is specific to the leading edge technological advancement of IT security in order to keep ahead of "black hat" techniques. Papers written by individuals pursuing GIAC certifications are presented at the SANS Reading Room on GIAC's website.
Initially all SANS GIAC certifications required a written paper or "practical" on a specific area of the certification in order to achieve the certification. In April 2005, the SANS organization changed the format of the certification by breaking it into two separate levels. The "silver" level certification is achieved upon completion of a multiple choice exam. The "gold" level certification can be obtained by completing a research paper and has the silver level as a prerequisite.
As of August 27, 2022, GIAC has granted 173,822 certifications worldwide.
SANS GIAC Certifications
Certifications listed as 'unavailable' are not listed in official SANS or GIAC sources, and are found elsewhere. They are not the same as retired courses.
Cyber Defense
Penetration Testing
Management, Audit, Legal
Operations
Developer
Incident Response and Forensics
Industrial Control Systems
GSE
Unobtainable Certifications
The following certifications are no longer issued.
External links
Notes
Computer security qualifications
Digital forensics certification
Brodick ( , ("Castle Beach") or Breadhaig) is the main village on the Isle of Arran, in the Firth of Clyde, Scotland. It is halfway along the east coast of the island, in Brodick Bay below Goat Fell, the tallest mountain on Arran. The name is derived from the Norse "breda-vick" meaning "Broad Bay".
The harbour receives the main ferry between Arran and the mainland via Ardrossan. Brodick Castle is a former residence of the Dukes of Hamilton.
Brodick is one of the largest villages on the island and is seen as the main hub due to the ferry terminal which connects the island to the mainland. It is hosted to many homes, hotels and shops, the health centre, nursing home, heritage museum, tourist information centre, Brodick Castle, public beach, park and an 18-hole golf course.
Transport
Brodick has Arran's main ferry terminus, which occasionally connects Brodick to Ardrossan on the mainland and to the national rail network. The ferries are operated by Caledonian MacBrayne. serves the island year-round, with providing additional sailings during the summer. The crossing takes less than one hour. The route is one of the busiest crossings on the CalMac network, and dolphins and basking sharks are rarely spotted en route. A second, smaller ferry – – sails from Lochranza to Claonaig on the Kintyre peninsula between March and October.
The village has seen investment recently with £30M being spent on the new Brodick Ferry Terminal. This is a new larger passenger terminal with a larger pier capable of handling two large vessels at once, increasing capacity on Scotland's busiest ferry route which handled 828,262 passengers and 202,843 cars in 2016 up 8.7% and 6.8% respectively.
In addition to the new ferry terminal, which was formally opened by Derek Mackay MSP on 12 April 2018, the island is expected to get a new dual-fuelled ferry built on the River Clyde for around £45m. The ferry has been named after a public vote in Spring 2017, and the ferry is expected to be delivered in early 2019. Unfortunately this deadline has been delayed, and it is unknown when it will enter service.
The village is connected to all parts of the island by road including Lamlash and Whiting Bay to the south, Lochranza to the north and Blackwaterfoot to the west.
A new upgraded bus terminal opened in Brodick at the new ferry terminal in early 2017, and is a hub for transport on the island, providing many bus services.
Village
Brodick is a popular holiday destination and a base for hill-walking. Tourism provides much of the village's economic base. There are many family-owned and independent businesses, such as hotels, restaurants, shops, bed and breakfast establishments, guest houses and outdoor activities. There is also a brewery (located in nearby Cladach), a sports and leisure complex, and an 18-hole golf course.
The village of Brodick is the largest settlement on the island (although Lamlash has a larger population), and is seen as the centre of economic activity due to the many businesses that are located around the village. These include the 22 bedroom Douglas Hotel & Bar, and the Auchrannie Spa and Resort, which comprises two 4-star hotels with 85 rooms and thirty 5-star self-catering lodges along with a spa, two leisure centres, and adventure company and more on site.
The village is also the home of Arran Haulage and Arran Aromatics, as well as many more small independent businesses.
Brodick has a primary school, village hall, library, church, sports park, health centre and public beach, and is the main shopping base on the island. Brodick has a large Co-op supermarket in the village, as well as a smaller Co-op convenience store at Invercloy. There are also hairdressers, estate agents, the post office, gift shops, bakers, chocolate shop, bike hire store, and numerous cafes, bars and restaurants, most notably Crofters, Douglas Bistro, Ormidale Bar, Brodick Bar and The Auchrannie Resort which has three restaurants and bars; Brambles - Seafood & Grill, Cruize - Bar/Brasserie and Eighteen69 - Scottish Tapas. Brodick is also home to Brodick Golf Club, which has 18 holes.
The high school, council offices, Highlands and Islands University Resource Centre and hospital can all be found in Lamlash, located to the south.
The largest peak on the island, Goat Fell, overlooks the village and Brodick Bay. Reaching above sea-level, it is one of the most popular hiking routes in Scotland.
Brodick Castle
Brodick Castle was previously a seat of the Dukes of Hamilton, but is now owned by the National Trust for Scotland. The castle itself will be closed for 2 years until 2018/2019 for refurbishment by NTS, however the grounds will be open throughout. A new Kids adventure section of the park opened in July 2017.
References
External links
Canmore - Arran, Brodick, General site record
Canmore - Brodick, Rosaburn, Arran Heritage Museum, Rosaburn House site record
Villages in the Isle of Arran
Ports and harbours of Scotland
Firth of Clyde
Jeffrey Lee Parker (September 7, 1964 – September 11, 2017) was an American professional ice hockey right wing. They were drafted in the sixth round, 111th overall, by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1982 NHL Entry Draft. They played 137 games in the National Hockey League with the Sabres and four with the Hartford Whalers.
Playing career
Parker was involved in two high-profile trades over the course of their career. Following their only complete NHL season, on the day of the 1990 entry draft the Sabres traded Parker to the Winnipeg Jets along with Phil Housley and Scott Arniel for Dale Hawerchuk and an exchange of draft picks seemingly in Buffalo's favour (which became Brad May and Keith Tkachuk). In an interview shortly after the trade, Parker stated "I'm pretty happy with the trade, I'm looking forward to coming to Winnipeg because the Jets look like a team that's moving up the ladder."
Parker reported to Winnipeg Jets training camp in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan on September 7, 1990 in poor physical condition and ranked low in the fitness tests taken on the first day of camp. They played 5 pre-season games with the Jets, scoring two goals and earning one assist. They and Simon Wheeldon were the last two players cut by the Jets that camp and on October 2, 1990 was assigned to the Moncton Hawks, the Jets farm team in the American Hockey League.
Devastated about being assigned to the minors, Parker sat out most of the 1990–91 season until they were picked up by the Pittsburgh Penguins as a free agent in February 1991, only to be traded to Hartford along with John Cullen and Zarley Zalapski for Ron Francis, Ulf Samuelsson and Grant Jennings on March 4, 1991. Parker only played four games for the Whalers before suffering from career-ending injuries. In their second game with the Whalers on March 12, 1991, against the Washington Capitals, they were checked into the boards and was knocked out for five minutes, resulting in a concussion. They returned to the Whalers two weeks later before sustaining a season-ending knee injury against their former team, the Sabres.
In their 141-game NHL career, Parker scored 16 goals and 19 assists for a total of 35 points.
Death
Parker died in Minneapolis on September 11, 2017, from complications of heart and lung infections. They were 53 years old. Their brain was donated to Boston University to aid in chronic traumatic encephalopathy research. On May 3, 2018, it was reported that Parker had CTE when they died.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
Jeff Parker @ hockeydb.com
Jeff Parker @ legendsofhockey.net
1964 births
2017 deaths
American men's ice hockey right wingers
Buffalo Sabres draft picks
Buffalo Sabres players
Hartford Whalers players
Ice hockey players from Saint Paul, Minnesota
Michigan State Spartans men's ice hockey players
Muskegon Lumberjacks players
NCAA men's ice hockey national champions
Rochester Americans players
Sportspeople from White Bear Lake, Minnesota
Rajani (born Shashi Kaur Malhotra; 27 July 1965) is an Indian actor known for their work in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, and Malayalam films.
They have worked in 150 feature films including Rendu Rellu Aaru (1986), Seetharama Kalyanam (1986), Aha Naa Pellanta (1987), Majnu (1987). They also starred in Kannada films including Jai Karnataka (1989), a remake of the 1987 Hindi film Mr. India and Neenu Nakkare Haalu Sakkare (1991). They then starred in Bharathan's Malayalam hit Padheyam (1993). In Tamil films, they were credited as Sasikala.
Personal life
Rajani was born as Shashi Kaur Malhotra in Bengaluru to V. N. Malhotra and Sulochana.
They were married to Dr. Mullagiri Praveen in 1998; they have 3 children.
Filmography
Telugu
Brahma Mudi (1985)
Adapadachu (1985)
Bharyabhartala Bandham (1985)
Lanchavataram (1985)
Idena Nyayam (1985)
Pelli Miku Akshtintalu Maku (1985)
Naga Devatha (1986)
Brahma Rudrulu (1986)
Seetarama Kalyanam (1986)
Manavudu Danavudu (1986)
Manchi Manasulu (1986)
Rendu Rella Aaru (1986)
Pratidwani (1986)
Cowboy No. 1 (1986)
Maruti (1986)
Majnu (1987)
Thayaramma Thandava Krishna (1987)
Nene Raju Nene Mantri (1987)
Collector Gari Abbai (1987)
Agni Putrudu (1987)
Bhale Mogudu (1987)
Thayarama Thandava Krishna (1987)
Maonagadu (1987)
Udayam (1987)
Gundamma Gari Krishnulu (1987)
Ramu (1987)
Sardar Dharmanna (1987)
Donga Kapuram (1987)
Muddu Bidda (1987)
Chinnari Devatha (1987)
Sahasa Putrudu (1987)
Hantakudi Veta (1987)
Nammina Bantu (1987)
Aha Naa Pellanta (1987)
Brahma Putrudu (1987)
Shankaravam (1988)
Ugranetrudu (1988)
Samsaram (1988)
Jeevana Ganga (1988)
Chalaki Mogudu Chadastapu Pellam (1988)
Bhama Kalapam (1988)
Murali Krishnudu (1988)
Chikkadu Dorakadu (1988)
Gaduggai (1989)
Bandhuvulostunnaru Jagratha (1989)
Dhruva Nakshatram (1990)
Prananiki Pranam (1990)
Prananiki Teyvi (1990)
Tamil
Ilamai Kaalangal (1983) – Debut in Tamil
Sabaash (1984)
Kadamai (1984)
Shankari (1984)
Kuzhandai Yesu (1984)
Madras Vaathiyaar (1984)
Theerpu En Kaiyil (1984)
Kaval Kaithigal (1984)
Sattathai Thiruthungal (1984)
Kuva Kuva Vaathugal (1984)
Theerpugal Thirutthapadalaam (1985)
Anbin Mugavari (1985)
Naagam (1985)
Enaitha Kodugal (1985)
Navagraha Nayagi (1985)
Thanga Mama 3D (1985)
Ilankandru (1985)
Sigappu Nila (1985)
Oomai Vizhigal (1986)
Kutravaaligal (1986)
Kolusu (1986)
Mann Soru (1986)
Shankar Guru (1987)
Inaindha Kaigal (1990)
Vetri Vizha (1989)
Gnana Paravai (1990)
En Pottukku Sonthakkaran (1991)
Naane Varuven (1992)
Unna Nenachen Pattu Padichen (1992)
Oor Mariyadhai (1992)
Kannada
Jai Karnataka (1989)
Mathsara (1991)
Nagini (1990)
Neenu Nakkare Haalu Sakkare (1991)
Entede Bhanta (1992)
Preethi Maado Hudugarigella earlier Sundara Loka (2002)
Malayalam
Inakkily (1984) or (1985)
Padheyam (1993)
References
External links
1965 births
1975 births
Living people
Punjabi people
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Indian film actores
20th-century Indian actores
Actresses from Bangalore
The Surveillance Camera Code of Practice is a code of practice devoted to the operation of CCTV systems in the United Kingdom. It was introduced under Section 30 (1) (a) of the Protection of Freedoms Act 2012.
The office of the Surveillance Camera Commissioner was created to support it.
References
External links
Surveillance Camera Code Of Practice
Surveillance Accessories For Security
Civil rights and liberties in the United Kingdom
Civil rights and liberties legislation
Video surveillance
Data laws of the United Kingdom
The Roman Catholic Church in the Republic of the Congo consists of 3 ecclesiastical provinces comprising 6 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of the Republic of the Congo
Ecclesiastical Province of Brazzaville
Archdiocese of Brazzaville
Diocese of Gamboma
Diocese of Kinkala
Ecclesiastical Province of Owando
Archdiocese of Owando
Diocese of Impfondo
Diocese of Ouesso
Ecclesiastical Province of Pointe-Noire
Archdiocese of Pointe-Noire
Diocese of Dolisie
Diocese of Nkayi
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Congo
Catholic dioceses
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1625.
Events
January 1 – The King's Men act Henry IV, Part 1 (described as The First Part of Sir John Falstaff ) at Whitehall Palace.
January 9 – Ben Jonson's masque The Fortunate Isles and Their Union (designed by Inigo Jones) is played before the English Court in London, becoming the last of the Jacobean era.
February 12 – John Milton enters Christ's College, Cambridge, aged 16.
March 27 – On the death of King James VI of Scotland and I of England and Ireland, patron of the King James Bible and essayist, they are succeeded by their son, the Prince of Wales. At the same time, theatres are closed because of an outbreak of plague and do not reopen until December.
April – Sir Richard Baker's Oxfordshire property is seized as a result of debts.
August 2–September 26 – Playwright Cyril Tourneur becomes secretary to the Council of War. On October 8 they join the catastrophic Cádiz expedition in another secretarial post under Sir Edward Cecil and on December 11 is put ashore from the returning fleet at Kinsale in Ireland, terminally ill.
December – After the closure of the London public theatres for most of the year due to an outbreak of bubonic plague, a new company, Queen Henrietta's Men, is formed under the patronage of the new queen (whom Charles I had married in May 1625), and gives its first performances at the Cockpit Theatre. It replaces the dormant Queen Elizabeth's Men.
New books
Prose
Francis Bacon – Complete Essays
Alonso de Castillo Solórzano – Tardes entretenidas
Hugo Grotius – De jure belli ac pacis
Musaeum Hermeticum
Samuel Purchas – Hakluytus Posthumus, or Purchas their Pilgrimes
Ludovico Zuccolo – La Repubblica d' Evandria
Drama
John Fletcher and Philip Massinger – The Elder Brother
Alexandre Hardy – Mariamne (published)
Ben Jonson
The Staple of News
The Fortunate Isles and Their Union
Honorat de Bueil, seigneur de Racan – Les bergeries
James Shirley – Love Tricks, or the School of Complement
Joost van den Vondel – Palamedes
Poetry
Honoré d'Urfé – Sylvanire
Births
May 25
John Davies, Welsh translator into English (died 1693)
Ann, Lady Fanshawe, English memoirist (died 1680)
June 23 – John Fell, English academic and bishop (died 1686)
August 20 – Thomas Corneille, French dramatist (died 1709)
unknown date – François Bernier, French travel writer and physician (died 1688)
Deaths
January 29 – Jacob Gretser, German Jesuit writer (born 1562)
March 25 – Giambattista Marino, Italian epic poet (born 1569)
March 27 – King James VI of Scotland and I of England and Ireland, Scottish literary patron (born 1566)
June 1 – Honoré d'Urfé, French novelist and miscellanist (born 1568)
August 29 (burial) – John Fletcher, English dramatist (born 1579)
September – Thomas Lodge, English dramatist and physician (born c. 1558)
September 6 – Thomas Dempster, Scottish historian (born 1579)
September 20 – Heinrich Meibom, German poet and historian (born 1555)
c. October – John Florio, English linguist and lexicographer (born 1553)
November 27 – John Cameron, Scottish theologian (born c. 1579)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Rees v Sinclair [1974] 1 NZLR 180 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding liability for negligence against lawyers. It effectively reinforced the English case of Rondel v Worsley into New Zealand case law.
Background
Ree had Sinclair represent them in a court case. Rather ironically, Ree was a retired lawyer himself. Anyway, Ree believed Sinclair was negligent in handling their case, and sued them for professional negligence.
Sinclair defended the matter by claiming barristerial immunity.
References
Court of Appeal of New Zealand cases
1974 in New Zealand law
1974 in case law
New Zealand tort case law
Dundalk Marine Terminal is a neighborhood in southeast Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Southeast Baltimore
Thereus is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies (family Lycaenidae). Among these, it belongs to the tribe Eumaeini of the subfamily Theclinae. These small butterflies occur essentially all over the Neotropics.
Classification
Though this genus was first proposed long ago, for much of the time Thereus was included in the "wastebin genus" Thecla. However, the two genera are not particularly close relatives among their subfamily. In recent times, it has been proposed to remove several species from Thereus to smaller or even monotypic genera. While this might be warranted in some cases, it is not followed here pending more thorough study.
The junior synonyms of Thereus are thus:
Molus Hübner, [1819]
Noreena K.Johnson, MacPherson & Ingraham, 1986
Pedusa D'Abrera, 2001 (may be nomen nudum)
Solanorum Johnson, 1992
Timokla Johnson, Kruse & Kroenlein, 1997
Species
The following named species are placed in Thereus at present:
Thereus brocki Robbins, Heredia & Busby, 2015
Thereus caltha (Druce, 1907)
Thereus cithonius (Godart, [1824]) (type species of Noreena)
Thereus columbicola (Strand, 1916)
Thereus endera (Hewitson, 1867)
Thereus enenia (Hewitson, 1867) (tentatively placed here)
Thereus eryssus (Herbst, 1800)
Thereus gabathana (Strand, 1918)
Thereus genena (Hewitson, 1867)
Thereus guianivaga (Johnson, 1989)
Thereus illex (Schaus, 1902)
Thereus ismarus (Cramer, [1777]) (type species of Molus)
Thereus lausus (Cramer, [1779])
Thereus lomalarga Robbins, Heredia & Busby, 2015
Thereus lutzi (Huntington, 1932)
Thereus molena (E. D. Jones, 1912)
Thereus oppia (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
Thereus orasus (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
Thereus ortalus (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
Thereus pedusa (Hewitson, 1867) (type species of "Pedusa")
Thereus praxis (Godman & Salvin, [1887])
Thereus pseudarcula (Giacomelli, 1914) (type species of Solanorum)
Thereus tiasa (Hewitson, 1869)
Thereus timoclea (Hewitson, 1870)
Thereus wojtusiaki Bálint, 2006
In addition, a number of as yet undescribed butterflies are suspected to belong here too:
Thereus sp. 'Amazonia'
Thereus sp. 'Bahia'
Thereus sp. 'Guatemala'
Thereus sp. 'Ecuador 1'
Thereus sp. 'Ecuador 2'
Thereus sp. 'Panama 1'
Thereus sp. 'Panama 2'
?Thereus sp. 'Panama 3' (tentatively placed here)
Thereus sp. 'Peru'
Footnotes
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Daria Przybylak ( Paszek, born 30 August 1991) is a Polish volleyball player, who plays for MKS Dąbrowa Górnicza and is a member of Poland women's national volleyball team.  They are a bronze medallist of the European League and a silver medallist of the European Games.
Career
Paszek took part in the 1st edition of the European Games. In the semifinal their national team beat Serbia and qualified to the final match. On 27 June 2015, Poland was beaten by Turkey and Paszek with their teammates achieved the silver medal.
On June 27, 2018 it was announced that they will move to Germany and join the 8th team of Rote Raben Vilsbiburg, Vilsbiburg of Deutsche Volleyball-Bundesliga. For the first time they will be playing under their new name after their marriage in February.
Clubs
Astra Krotoszyn
Winiary Kalisz (2007–2008)
AZS AWF Poznań (2008–2009)
Nafta-Gaz Piła (2009–2014)
LTS Legionovia Legionowo (2014–2016)
MKS Dąbrowa Górnicza (2016–2017)
Trefl Proxima Kraków (2017–2018)
Rote Raben Vilsbiburg (2018–present)
Sporting achievements
National team
2014 European League
2015 European Games
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Krotoszyn
Sportspeople from Greater Poland Voivodeship
Polish women's volleyball players
Volleyball players at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in volleyball
European Games silver medalists for Poland
21st-century Polish women
Linda Ann Wissman, professionally known as Lindy Robbins, is an American songwriter from Los Angeles, whose songs include Demi Lovato's "Skyscraper", Jason Derulo's "Want to Want Me", David Guetta's "Dangerous" featuring Sam Martin, MKTO's "Classic", Hot Chelle Rae's "Tonight, Tonight", Jason Derulo's "It Girl" and Astrid S' "Hurts So Good", as well as songs recorded by Dua Lipa, Jennifer Hudson, and One Direction.
Background
Robbins grew up in the San Fernando Valley, California. They started singing with their musician father Wally when they were three years old, and was a performer in New York City and Los Angeles before becoming a full-time songwriter in 1997. Robbins now resides in Los Angeles.
Career
Robbins was written songs for many artists in the music industry.
Recent number-one radio hits include: "Want to Want Me" by Jason Derulo, "Dangerous" by David Guetta (feat. Sam Martin), "Tonight, Tonight" by Hot Chelle Rae, and "Day Drunk" by Morgan Evans. Other chart-toppers include: "Skyscraper" by Demi Lovato, "Classic" by MKTO, "Slow Down", "It Girl", "Miss Movin' On" by Fifth Harmony, "Kiss Me" by [Olly Murs], "Hurts so Good" by Astrid S, and "Crybaby" by Paloma Faith.
Lindy is also known for the following top-five singles: "Incomplete" by the Backstreet Boys, "What's Left of Me" by Nick Lachey, and Cinderella" by The Cheetah Girls.
Additional key releases include songs recorded by: Dua Lipa, Zedd, Bebe Rexha, LeAnn Rimes, One Direction, Jennifer Hudson, Rachel Platten, 5 Seconds of Summer, Jennifer Lopez, Leona Lewis (featuring One Republic), Faith Hill, Brandy, Britney Spears, Jason Mraz, Westlife, Shaggy, Jordin Sparks, Lisa Loeb, Clay Aiken, Toni Braxton, Monica, and Audra McDonald.
Discography
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
References
External links
Lindy Robbins website
Kobalt Music
Living people
Songwriters from California
Musicians from Los Angeles
Writers from Los Angeles
Year of birth missing (living people)
Parchin (, also Romanized as Pārchīn; also known as Mojtame‘-e Maskūnī-ye Pārchīn) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,111, in 1,186 families. Nearby is the Parchin military site.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Como is a census-designated place in Whiteside County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 567 as of the 2010 census.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Whiteside County, Illinois
Census-designated places in Illinois
The Main Man is an album by drummer Jo Jones recorded in 1976 and released by the Pablo label the following year.
Reception
AllMusic reviewer Scott Yanow stated "65 at the time and still in fine form, drummer Jo Jones had a rare opportunity to lead their own album for Pablo in 1976 ... The music is very much in the Count Basie groove, with purposeful and concise solos, along with some good spots for the leader.".
Track listing
"Goin' to Chicago Blues" (Count Basie, Jimmy Rushing) – 9:06
I Want to Be Happy" (Vincent Youmans, Irving Caesar) – 4:48
"Ad Lib" (Jo Jones) – 8:12
"Dark Eyes" (Traditional) – 10:20
"Metrical Portions" (Budd Johnson) – 5:51
"Ol' Man River" (Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II) – 4:25
Personnel
Jo Jones – drums
Harry Edison, Roy Eldridge – trumpet
Vic Dickenson – trombone
Eddie Davis – tenor saxophone
Tommy Flanagan – piano
Freddie Green – guitar
Sam Jones – bass
Buck Clayton – arranger (track 4)
References
1977 albums
Jo Jones albums
Pablo Records albums
Albums produced by Norman Granz
DreamWorks Experience is a themed land at the Dreamworld theme park on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. Themed after DreamWorks Animation and its franchises including Shrek, Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda, it replaced the existing children's area at the park which has previously been themed to Nickelodeon and themed generically. The DreamWorks Experience officially opened on 31 March 2012.
History
The area which DreamWorks Experience currently occupies was originally known as Village Green when it opened in 1983. In 1998, the area was renamed to Village Oval. In 1999, the northern end of Village Oval was redesigned to become Kennyland. In early 2002, Kennyland was removed and most of Village Oval was fenced off. Some of the children's rides were moved to Rivertown to allow for the construction of Nickelodeon Central. During that year the leftover rides were rethemed and relocated to their current positions as part of Nickelodeon Central. Nickelodeon Central opened on 26 December 2002 as the largest children's area in an Australian theme park. In 2008, SpongeBob FlyPants (now Gingy's Glider) opened to expand Nickelodeon Central's offerings.
On 27 April 2010, the Dora the Explorer Seaplanes closed for maintenance and has not operated since. The ride was removed in late 2010 from its position in the park in addition to it being removed from the attraction listing and park map.
Towards the middle of 2011, elements of Nickelodeon theming started to be removed leading to speculation that the contract with the television network was being terminated. By the start of the winter holidays on 25 June 2011, all of the rides were renamed to a generic interim kids theme: Kid's World. In October 2011, the former Nick Pics building and the Remota Boats area were demolished with work beginning on a replacement building on the Nick Pics site.
Earlier in 2011, the outgoing CEO of Dreamworld, Noel Dempsey, leaked Dreamworld's plans to team up with DreamWorks Animation on their LinkedIn profile page. On 10 November 2011, Dreamworld officially announced a three-stage plan to incorporate DreamWorks Animation films and characters into its theme park. The first phase, set to open 19 December 2011, was the DreamWorks Holiday Shrektacular Show which featured 8 DreamWorks Animation characters live on stage. The second phase will include the retheming of Dreamworld's kids area, Kid's World, into a DreamWorks Experience precinct. This phase is set to open in Easter 2012. The final phase will be the development of an eating and meet-and-greet area called Kung Fu garden. The three phases are expected to cost $10 million to complete.
In late 2011, construction of the DreamWorks Experience precinct began with the removal of the photo shop and the adjacent Remota Boats in Main Street. On 1 February 2012 following the peak season, Dreamworld closed most of the rides in Kid's World. Swinger Zinger, Mighty-Go-Round, Skyrocket, Rainforest Rampage and Kite Flyer were all closed pending their retheme into DreamWorks Animation. During this time, two temporary rides named Mini-Swingers (SBF Visa Group Circus Swing) and Choppers (SBF Visa Group Chopper Train) operated in Ocean Parade near The Claw and AVPX, respectively. In February 2012, Dreamworld announced that the DreamWorks Experience precinct would originally consist of two areas (Madagascar Madness and Shrek's Faire Faire Away) with a third area (Kung Fu Panda: Land of Awesomeness) to be added later. Names for the rethemed rides were also announced. On 31 March 2012, the DreamWorks Experience officially opened to the public.
On 15 July 2012, the Avalanche was closed to make way for a new attraction at the end of the year. The replacement attraction will be part of Kung Fu Panda: Land of Awesomeness and its opening will mark the final stage of the DreamWorks Experience.
Attraction history
Madagascar Madness
Escape from Madagascar
Escape from Madagascar is a suspended family roller coaster which opened in 2002 with Nickelodeon Central as Rugrats Runaway Reptar. The roller coaster was the third of its type in the world and the first in the Southern Hemisphere. The ride remains to be Dreamworld's only children's roller coaster. It was renamed to Skyrocket in 2011 before being renamed Escape from Madagascar in 2012.
King Julien's Theatre in the Wild
King Julien's Theatre in the Wild is a show stage. It runs the Madagascar Live – Prepare to Party Show. The arena opened in 2002 with Nickelodeon Central where it would show: "Slime Time Live", "SpongeBob SquarePants Stories from Bikini Bottom" or "Blue's Clues Live". During the area's time known as Kid's World it showed "The Kenny Koala Show" and "The Goldie Show".
MAD Jungle Jam
MAD Jungle Jam opened with Nickelodeon Central in 2002 as Wild Thornberry's Rainforest Rampage. It is a ball play area which allows kids to fire foam balls throughout the enclosure at targets and each other. It was renamed to Rainforest Rampage in 2011 before being renamed MAD Jungle Jam in 2012. The attraction was manufactured by SCS Interactive.
Madagascar Cargo Hold
Madagascar Cargo Hold is a merchandise shop which sells Madagascar merchandise. It backs onto the Forever After's and was on the site of the former Nick Pics/Fun Snapz photo shop.
Shrek's Faire Faire Away
Dronkey Flyers
Dronkey Flyers is a fixed arm, rotating plane ride themed to Dronkeys. The ride originally opened as Dream Copters as part of Kennyland in 2000. The ride was moved to be a part of the temporary Kid's Carnival during the construction of Nickelodeon Central. Due to its operation throughout the construction of Nickelodeon Central, the ride did not have a chance to be rethemed to suit the Nickelodeon theme. In 2003, 1 year after Nickelodeon Central opened, the ride was rethemed with new vehicles and renamed to Blue's Skidoo. By the start of the winter holidays on 25 June 2011, Blue's Skidoo was another ride in Nickelodeon Central not to get a retheme but to remain operating. In 2012, it was rethemed to Dronkey Flyers as part of Shrek's Faire Faire Away.
Forever After's
Forever After's is a merchandise shop which sells Shrek merchandise. It backs onto the Madagascar Cargo Hold and was on the site of the former Nick Pics/Fun Snapz photo shop.
Gingy's Glider
Gingy's Glider is a Zamperla Kite Flyer. It opened in June 2008 as SpongeBob FlyPants. It was the only new attraction to be added to Nickelodeon Central after its initial opening. The ride was originally installed on an empty portion of Kid's World beside the Kid Spot merchandise shop and Bumper Beach. It was renamed to Kite Flyer in 2011 before being renamed Gingy's Glider in 2012. As part of the Kite Flyer's retheme into Gingy's Glider, the ride was relocated to a new location adjacent to the Escape from Madagascar roller coaster.
Puss in Boots Sword Swing
Puss in Boots Sword Swing is a swinger ride based on the character Puss in Boots from the Shrek franchise. The ride has been operating at the park since 1982. It was originally known as Zumer when it was located in Country Fair and Ocean Parade until it was relocated and renamed in 2002 to Swinger Zinger. In 2012, it was renamed and rethemed to Puss in Boots Sword Swing.
Shrek's Ogre-Go-Round
Shrek's Ogre-Go-Round is a carousel. The ride originally opened as the Carousel in 1983 with Village Green. The ride operated for 6 years as part of Nickelodeon Central as the Nick-O-Round (2002–2008) before changing its name to the Backyardigans Mighty-Go-Round in 2008. In 2011, the ride was renamed to Mighty-Go-Round before being renamed Shrek's Ogre-Go-Round in 2012.
Shrek's Treats
Shrek's Treats is a small food outlet located in the centre of the DreamWorks Experience precinct.
Kung Fu Panda: Land of Awesomeness
Kung Fu Panda: Land of Awesomeness opened on 21 December 2012. Before opening, a small Kung Fu Panda-themed area featuring a Po photo opportunity existed and is still a part of the attraction. Additional rides and attractions were introduced which are Pandamonium, Skadoosh and Kung Fu Academy.
Kung Fu Academy
Kung Fu Academy is a small outdoor kids gym area. The area consists of small poles for kids to stretch.
Pandamonium
Pandamonium is the park's eighth thrill ride. It is a Zamperla Air Race replacing the former Avalanche ride. It is also the first thrill ride to be added in the area.
Skadoosh
Skadoosh is a set of bumper cars. The ride opened with the adjacent Game Site as Bumper Bowl before being renamed and rethemed to Rocket Power Bumper Beach from 2002 through to 2011. It was renamed a third time in 2011 to Bumper Beach. It remained under this name until late 2012 when it was closed to become part of Kung Fu Panda: Land of Awesomeness. Throughout its lifetime, the ride's entrance and exit gates have been modified several times although the actual ride has not been moved.
See also
2011 in amusement parks
2012 in amusement parks
References
External links
Madagascar Madness
Shrek's Faire Faire Away
Kung Fu Panda: Land Of Awesomeness
Amusement rides introduced in 2012
DreamWorks Animation in amusement parks
Themed areas in Dreamworld (Australia)
Dreamworld (Australia)
2012 establishments in Australia
Gilas (, also Romanized as Gīlās) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11 distributed in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Love's Coming () is a 2014 LGBT Thai film, starring Suttinut Uengtrakul and Norrapat Sakulsong. The movie's director is Naphat Chaithiangthum. The film was filmed in 2013 and was released on 27 February 2014.
On 13 December 2014, it was revealed that a sequel was in production, Love's Coming 2, but the title was later changed to Love Love You, and was released in 2015.
Plot
The story reveals a strong friendship between four teenage boys: Pid, Arm, Zee and Gump. Zee asks Gump to hangout several times, but the latter says they have a prior commitment with their neighbor Nai every time, whom they are helping with studying. Zee and the others try several times to find out if their friend is in love or not with the help of Uncle Lek who likes to be called Aunt Alexandra.
Cast
References
2014 films
Thai films
Thai LGBT-related films
Shamshi-Adad V () was the King of Assyria from 824 to 811 BC. They were named after the god Adad, who is also known as Hadad.
Family
Shamshi-Adad was a son and successor of King Shalmaneser III, the husband of Queen Shammuramat (by some identified with the mythical Semiramis), and the father of Adad-nirari III, who succeeded them as king.
They were also a grandfather of Shalmaneser IV.
Reign
The first years of Shamshi-Adad's reign saw a serious struggle for the succession of the aged Shalmaneser.
The revolt was led by Shamshi-Adad's brother Assur-danin-pal, and had broken out already by 826 BC. The rebellious brother, according to Shamshi-Adad's own inscriptions, succeeded in bringing to their side 27 important cities, including Nineveh. The rebellion lasted until 820 BC, weakening the Assyrian empire and its ruler; this weakness continued to reverberate in the kingdom until the reforms of Tiglath-Pileser III.
Later in their reign, Shamshi-Adad campaigned against Southern Mesopotamia, and stipulated a treaty with the Babylonian king Marduk-zakir-shumi I.
In 814 BC, they won the Battle of Dur-Papsukkal against the Babylonian king Marduk-balassu-iqbi, and a few Aramean tribes settled in Babylonia. The extent of Shamshi-Adad's victory was such that they obtained the submission of the Babylonian king and, after obtaining booty from several Babylonian cities, they returned to Assyria with palace treasures and gods (i.e. the sacred representation of the gods).
See also
Stela of Shamshi-Adad V
Notes
811 BC deaths
9th-century BC Assyrian kings
Year of birth unknown
Pantoic acid is the alpha hydroxy acid with the formula HOCH2C(CH3)2CH(OH)CO2H. The compound is almost always encountered in a biological context, as an aqueous solution of its conjugate base pantoate HOCH2C(CH3)2CH(OH)CO2-. The amide of pantoic acid with β-alanine is pantothenic acid (vitamin B5), a component of coenzyme A.
Biosynthesis
Its biosynthesis proceeds from ketoisovalerate by hydroxymethylation:
(CH3)2CHC(O)CO2− + CH2O → HOCH2(CH3)2CC(O)CO2−
This conversion is catalyzed by ketopantoate hydroxymethyltransferase, which gives ketopantoate. Ketopantoate is reduced by ketopantoate reductase to pantoate, using NADH as the hydride source.
The amide derived from pantoic acid and GABA is the pharmaceutical drug hopantenic acid.
References
External links
Alpha hydroxy acids
Diols
Florence Isabelle Schelling (born 9 March 1989) is a Swiss former professional ice hockey goaltender. They briefly served as General manager of SC Bern from 2020 to 2021. They were the first woman to be named GM of a professional men's team in the world.
During their playing career, Schelling competed internationally with the Swiss women's national ice hockey team at the 2006 Winter Olympics, 2010 Winter Olympics and 2014 Winter Olympics. In the 2012 CWHL Draft, Schelling was selected by the Montreal Stars, but opted to play the 2012–13 season with the Brampton Thunder instead. They played with EHC Bülach of the Swiss men's National League B in the 2013–14 and 2014–15 seasons, the first and only woman to ever play in the league.
Playing career
Switzerland
Schelling spent 2003–05 playing for the ZSC Lions in Switzerland. Since 2005, Schelling has been a member of the Swiss national team. Besides the Torino Olympics, they have competed in three World Championships. At the 2006 Olympic Games, Schelling was part of a seventh-place finish. Despite the showing, Schelling posted a .939 save percentage and a 2.40 goals against average in three games. In 2008, they led the Swiss to a fourth-place finish at the IIHF Women's World Hockey Championships, the team's highest ever, and was the second-ranked goalie in the tournament. At the tournament, they were the only goalie to play in every minute of every game including an overtime period and a shootout. In the bronze medal game, they made 34 saves in the loss to Finland. At the 2010 Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver, they played against Sweden and lost 3–0, lost to Canada 10–1, then beat Slovakia 5–2, China 6–0, and Russia 2–1, as the Swiss women took fifth place.
In a game versus Russia at the 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship, Schelling stopped 32 shots in a 5–2 victory, as Switzerland advanced to the semifinals. In the bronze medal game at the 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship, Florence Schelling made 50 saves as Switzerland beat Finland by a 6–2 tally.
At the 2014 Winter Olympics at Sochi, Schelling backstopped the Swiss National Team to a bronze medal. Making 252 saves throughout the tournament, they were named Most Valuable Player, Best Goalkeeper, and included on the All-Star Team.
Northeastern
Schelling excelled at Northeastern, being named a starter throughout their college career. In their sophomore year (2009–10), Schelling was named Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week for three consecutive weeks (weeks of 2, 9, 16 November). They posted a 30-save shutout against Robert Morris on 10 October and made 28 saves on 29 shots vs. Bemidji State on 23 October. They earned back-to-back shutouts over Vermont on 30–31 October, combining for 42 saves over the weekend. They were named Bauer Goaltender of the Month on 3 November after posting a 6–1–1 record, a 0.74 GAA and a .970 save percentage in October. They made 37 saves and stopped 11 of 13 shootout attempts at Providence on 8 November. Schelling shut out Vermont for the third time on 25 November and made 30 stops vs. the University of New Hampshire on 29 November. They led the nation with a 0.99 GAA and a 0.964 save percentage through December.
On 6 February 2009, Schelling made a Hockey East season-high 53 saves at Providence. The following day, they stopped 42 of 44 shots in a 3–2 win versus Providence. They recorded their eighth 30-plus save game 21 February against Boston University, making 38 saves. They stopped 35 of 37 shots in a 2–1 loss to BU in the Hockey East quarterfinals.
Schelling started in the first-ever outdoor women's college hockey game 8 January vs. the University of New Hamphshire at Fenway Park. New Hampshire won the game by a score of 5–3.
During the 2010–11 season, Schelling stopped 50 shots (.943 save percentage) in two wins against Princeton and RPI. A total of 25 saves was notched in each victory and they were recognized as the Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week for the week of 25 October. They also tallied their first career point as they assisted on Stephanie Gavronsky's goal against the Princeton Tigers. On 5 March 2011, Schelling set a Hockey East tournament record with 44 saves, including a record 24 in the first period as the Huskies upset No. 1 seed Boston University by a 4–2 tally at Walter Brown Arena.
On Friday, 17 February 2012, #7 ranked Northeastern skated to a 0–0 tie against the Providence Friars. The two goaltenders, Schelling of Northeastern and Geneviève Lacasse of Providence, stopped 80 shots combined through three periods and overtime. Schelling logged 38 stops, while their counterpart Lacasse stopped 42 shots.
CWHL
Schelling made their CWHL debut with the Brampton Thunder on 21 October 2012. Opposite Furies netminder Christina Kessler, Schelling claimed the win after teammate Gillian Apps notched a goal in overtime, ending the game at 4–3.
Career statistics
Northeastern
Olympics
Awards and honors
2014 Sochi Winter Olympics: Most Valuable Player
2014 Sochi Winter Olympics: Best Goalkeeper
2014 Sochi Winter Olympics: All-Star Team selection
2012 World Championships: Best Goalkeeper
2007 Swiss Ice Hockey Female Player of the Year
NCAA
Hockey East Bauer Goaltender of the Month for October 2009
Hockey East Bauer Goaltender of the Month for November 2009
Hockey East All-Rookie team (2009)
Hockey East Pure Hockey Defensive Player of the Week 13 October 2008
Hockey East Mission Rookie of the Week 20 October 2008
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week Week of 5 October 2009
2010 Hockey East Co-Player of the Year
2010 Hockey East Goaltending Champion
2010 Hockey East First-Team All-Star
2010 New England Hockey Writers All-Star Team
2010 Women's RBK Hockey Division I All-America Second Team
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week Week of 25 October 2010
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week (Week of 8 November 2010)
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week (Week of 28 February 2011)
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week (Week of 7 March 2011)
2011 Hockey East All-Tournament team
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week (Week of 10 October 2011)
Hockey East Goaltender of the Month (Month of October 2011)
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week (Week of 7 November 2011)
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week (Week of 14 November 2011)
Hockey East Co-Defensive Player of the Week (Week of 23 January 2012)
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week (Week of 6 February 2012)
Runner-Up, Hockey East Defensive Player of the Month (Month of January 2012)
Hockey East Player of the Week (Week of 20 February 2012)
2012 Hockey East Player of the Year
2012 Hockey East Army ROTC Three Stars Award
Hockey East Goaltending Champion (2011–12)
Hockey East 10th Anniversary Team selection, Honorable Mention
2011–12 CCM Hockey Women's Division I All-American: First Team
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Northeastern Huskies women's ice hockey players
Olympic bronze medalists for Switzerland
Olympic ice hockey players of Switzerland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
People from Schaffhausen
Sportspeople from the canton of Schaffhausen
Swiss women's ice hockey goaltenders
Brampton Thunder players
Swiss expatriate ice hockey people
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Swiss Women's League players
Linköping HC Dam players
Inga Bostad (born 22 August 1963) is a Norwegian philosopher, writer and educator. They served as prorector of the University of Oslo from 2009 to 2013 and as director of the Norwegian Centre for Human Rights from 2014 to 2017.
Biography
Bostad received an M.A. in philosophy from the University of Oslo in 1989 with their thesis: Om språk, kunnskap og tvil: en analyse av Wittgensteins Über Gewisstheit (Language, Knowledge, and Doubt — An Analysis of Wittgenstein's Über Gewissheit). In 2005, they earned a doctorate from the same institution with Tro eller tvil – en rekonstruksjon av filosofisk skeptisisme (Belief or Doubt — A Reconstruction of Philosophical Scepticism).
From 1987 until 1995, they held various editorial positions with Kritikkjournalen, J.W. Cappelens Forlag and Aventura Forlag. In 1990, they became a lecturer in philosophy at the University of Oslo, becoming Associate Professor in 2005, Vice-Rector in 2006, and Prorector from 2009 to 2013. In January 2014, they were appointed Director of the university's Norwegian Centre for Human Rights.
Selected publications
Inga Bostad has contributed to over 60 publications, including the following:
1999: Inga Bostad and Dag Olav Hessen (editors): Et liv på mange vis: En antologi om Peter Wessel Zapffe, Pax forlag
2000: Hilde Bondvik and Inga Bostad: Tenkepauser: Filosofi og Refleksjon 1
2002: Inga Bostad and Arne Næss: Inn i Filosofien
2003: Hilde Bondvik and Inga Bostad. Tenkepauser: Filosofi og Vitenskapsteori
2004: Per Ariansen, Inga Bostad, Steinar Mathisen and Øyvind Rabbås: Exphil 1: Tekster i filosofi og vitenskapshistorie
2004: Per Ariansen, Inga Bostad, Steinar Mathisen and Øyvind Rabbås. Lærebok i filosofi- og vitenskapshistorie 2005: Inga Bostad: Tro eller tvil – en rekonstruksjon av filosofisk skeptisisme 2006: Inga Bostad og Tove Pettersen: Dialog og danning: det filosofiske grunnlaget for læring 2006 –
2014: Inga Bostad & Ole Petter Ottersen. Global presence, global responsibility and the global citizen, In Aksel Braanen Sterri (ed.), Global citizen - challenges and responsibility in an interconnected world. Sense Publishers. . Chapter 1. pp. 1 - 3
2016: Inga Bostad and Halor Hanish. Freedom and Disability Rights: Dependence, Independence, and Interdependence, Metaphilosophy'', DOI: 10.1111/meta.12192.
2016: Inga Bostad & Aled Dilwyn Fisher. Curriculum and social change in education for a sustainable future? Ecophilosophy, critical inquiry and moral dilemmas, In Zehlia Babaci-Wilhite (ed.), Human rights in language and STEM education: science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Sense Publishers. . Chapter 5.
References
1963 births
Living people
Norwegian philosophers
Norwegian women philosophers
University of Oslo alumni
University of Oslo faculty
Norwegian women writers
Gennadi Leonidipa Gagulia (, ; 4 January 1948 – 8 September 2018) was an Abkhazian politician who was three-time prime minister of Abkhazia and the head of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry. They served as the first prime minister of Abkhazia after the post was established by the constitution in 1995, holding it until 1997. They returned to the post in 2002 and remained for several months into 2003, and held it for a final time in 2018 until they were killed in a car crash.
Early life and career
Gagulia was born on 4 January 1948 in the Gudauta district of the Abkhaz Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic. They graduated from the Civil Engineering Department of the Belarusian Polytechnic Institute in 1972 and worked at Stroymaster as the chief engineer and the head of the construction site from 1973-1977. They spent the following 15 years as a Deputy Director of Catering at Lake Rizal and as Chairman of the Gudauta district consumer cooperatives.
Political career
In the year after the Republic of Abkhazia was founded, they worked at the State Committee for Foreign Economic Relations of the Council of Ministers of the republic, before eventually serving as Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Abkhazia from 1992-1995. During the Georgian-Abkhaz War, Gagulia was a member of the Abkhazian Defense Committee, which was responsible for the distribution of food for the Abkhaz Armed Forces.
First Term as Prime Minister (1995–1997)
Gagulia became the first Prime Minister of Abkhazia in 1995 following the adoption of the 1994 Constitution of Abkhazia. As prime minister Gagulia had a reputation for being the most pro-Russian of Abkhazia's prime ministers. They steadfastly opposed both reunification with Georgia and the withdrawal of Russian troops from the Georgian-Abkhaz border. They also alluded to the possibility of Abkhazia unifying with Russia. While in this role, they met with a number of foreign leaders, including Russian President Vladimir Putin and Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze. In 1997, Gagulia resigned from the prime ministership, citing health reasons.
Career (1997–2002)
In between their first two terms as prime minister, Gagulia served as the chair of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Abkhazia. They were also deputy prime minister under Anri Jergenia.
Second Term as Prime Minister (2002–2003)
When Jergenia was fired on 29 November 2002, Gagulia was appointed as prime minister for the second time. They only served for only 5 months until Gagulia's government filed for resignation on 7 April 2003. Earlier that day, nine Abkhazian prisoners had escaped, four of which had been sentenced to death due to their involvement in the 2001 Kodori crisis. President Ardzinba initially refused to accept Gagulia's resignation, but was forced to agree on 8 April. Vice President Valery Arshba denied on 8 April that the government's resignation was due to the prison escape, and stated that instead it was caused by the opposition's plans to hold protest rallies on 10 April.
Career after their Second Term (2003–2018)
On 15 December 2003, Gagulia was appointed head of the Presidential administration, succeeding Miron Agrba. On 18 June 2004, Gagulia resigned from their post, stating "There is a certain scenario to the presidential elections in Abkhazia. I don't match this scenario and thus I prefer to step down."
It had been suggested that Ardzinba may have also favoured Gagulia to replace them as President, but Ardzinba instead decided to back then-Prime Minister Raul Khajimba.
On 24 June 2004, Gagulia was again appointed head of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Abkhazia, succeeding Yuri Aqaba. Gagulia remained in that position until April 2018.
Third Term as Prime Minister (2018)
Gagulia was reappointed Prime Minister of Abkhazia in April 2018 by President Raul Khajimba, replacing Beslan Bartsits.
Death
Gagulia was killed in a car accident outside the village of Myussera, Gudauta District on 8 September 2018. They were returning from Sochi International Airport following a 3-day visit with Khajimba to Syria. A car collided with the convoy, and the impact forced Gagulia's car into the ditch. The car was driven by a 22-year-old Abkhaz man, who was, according to local authorities, "under the influence of narcotics". They died on the spot.
Khajimba, who was travelling in the same convoy and witnessed the crash, suggested it was not an assassination attempt or terrorism, but rather an accident.
References
1948 births
2018 deaths
People from Gudauta District
Prime Ministers of Abkhazia
Heads of the Presidential Administration of Abkhazia
Road incident deaths in Abkhazia
Stefán is a common first name in Iceland. It is sometimes nicknamed as "Stebbi".
According to Icelandic custom, people are generally referred to by first and middle names and patronyms are used if disambiguation is required.
Stefán is the Icelandic version of the Greek name Stephanos (English Stephen) with the original meaning being crown or wreath. The name is a frequently given name in Iceland. In 2002, it was ranked ninth after Kristján and before Jóhann.
People
Stefán Arason, Icelandic composer
Stefán Gíslason (born 1980), Icelandic football player
Stefán Guðmundur Guðmundsson (1853–1927), original name of the Icelandic poet and farmer Stephan G. Stephansson
Stefán Haukur Hjörleifsson, Icelandic world record holder for deepest voice, also currently holds the award for being the manliest man in the world 2009
Stefán Hörður Grímsson (1919–2002), Icelandic author
Stefán Hilmarsson, Icelandic musician
Stefán Kristjánsson (1982–2018), Icelandic chess grandmaster
, Icelandic poet
, Icelandic academe
Stefán Sigurðsson (1887–1933), Icelandic poet also known as Stefán frá Hvítadal
Stefán Jóhann Stefánsson (1894–1980), Icelandic Minister of Foreign Affairs
Stefán Karl Stefánsson (1975–2018), Icelandic film and stage actor
See also
Stefan (given name)
Stephen
References
Icelandic masculine given names
Olivier Carette (born 31 December 1967) is a Belgian former association football and futsal player. With Racing Jet they promoted to the Belgian League in 1986, and they also played in the Belgian top flight for K.S.K. Beveren.
References
1967 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Association football forwards
Racing Jet Wavre players
K.S.K. Beveren players
Belgian First Division A players
Francs Borains players
Lemurosaurus is a genus of extinct biarmosuchian therapsids from the Late Permian of South Africa. The generic epithet Lemursaurus is a mix of Latin, lemures “ghosts, spirits”, and Greek, sauros, “lizard”. Lemurosaurus is easily identifiable by its prominent eye crests, and large eyes. The name Lemurosaurus pricei was coined by paleontologist Robert Broom in 1949, based on a single small crushed skull, measured at approximately 86 millimeters in length, found on the Dorsfontein farm in Graff-Reinet. To date, only two skulls of the Lemurosaurus have been discovered, so body size is unknown. The second larger, more intact, skull was found in 1974 by a team from the National Museum in Bloemfontein.
History of discovery
The holotype skull was poorly preserved and referred to as BP/1/816. Lemurosaurus pricei was coined by Robert Broom in 1949 who was convinced it was a Gorgonopsian. Since 1949 it was presumed that Lemurosaurus was most closely related to Ictidorhinus martinsi. Then in 1970 this classification expanded when Rusell Sigogneu classified more genera within Ictidorhinidae and place them within Gorgonopsia. In 1989 Sigogneau restructured Ictidorhinds into four family-level taxa. These four were Biarmosuchidae, Hipposauridae, Ictidorhinidae, and Burnetiidae. Many of these classifications required further research, and some were incorrect altogether.
In 1974, a second skull known as NMQR 1702 was extracted on the farm Petersburg in South Africa, 50 kilometers southeast of the type locality. The specimen was left unprepared until 2000, when it was discovered to be a second Lemurosaurus skull. Present knowledge points to Lemurosaurus being a part of Burnetiamorpha.
Both specimens have flaws that make it difficult to make definitive conclusions as to some aspects of structure. On the BP/1/816 skull the postorbital and occipital regions of the left lateral side are missing, and on the right lateral side they are poorly preserved. The entire skull is crushed and warped, adding some ambiguity to measurements. The posterior part of the jaw is also severely damaged, and it is weathered enough that sutures cannot be distinguished. NMQR 1702 is also quite weathered on its external surface, and the different skull matrices are tough to differentiate. The left posterolateral corner of the skull is warped, resulting in missing features like a portion of the zygomatic arch, the occipital condyle, and the paraoccipital process of the opisthotic. A full skeleton has yet to be located, leaving many questions about Lemurosaurus' full size and structure.
Description
Lemurosaurus' most distinctive feature is its triangular supraorbital bosses. They are tall, stretching up on either side toward the pineal foramen. On the postfrontal there is a pachyostosed supraorbital boss, which has a stronger arch than that of BP/1/816.
The upper canines are oval when you look at a cross-section. The premaxillary dentition in NMQR 1702 is not fully intact, but there are four upper incisors. There are strong indications that there could have been five, but one was lost through weathering or poor preservation. The lower canine rests in the anterior section of the choana, much like gorgonopsians, therocephalians, and burnetiamorphs. In the third and fourth positions there are two complete incisors on the right side. A 7.7 millimeter precanine diastema is located behind the upper incisor on that same right side. This seems large, but when compared to incisors of dinocephalians and anomodonts, they are relatively small. Serration is present in NMQR 1702 but it is faint compared to the intense serration of BP/1/816. It is speculated that these differences in serration between NMQR 1702 and BP/1/816 might be ontogenetic, for it is common for juvenile therapsids to lose serration as they get older.
There are also high ridges on the dorsal margins of the orbit, and a small midline crest anterior to the pineal supervisor. The lacrimal is large, with two fossae where it contacts the maxilla that are not well defined. This structure is not like anything seen in basal therapsids, but it is present in other burnetiamorphs.
The squamosal is poorly defined, but deformation of the zygomatic arch suggests the squamosal extends nearly to the posterior end of the maxilla. Also on the squamosal are two small knobs along the ventral margin. These knobs are now considered indicative of burnetiamorphs.
The occiput on Lemurosaurus is more tall and narrow than other burnetiamorphs. Measurement of scleral ring in orbital dimensions indicate Lemurosaurus were able to see in low light conditions. The inner scleral ring diameter is 18 millimeters, and the outer diameter is around 35 millimeters.
The articular and the prearticular cannot be distinguished, which might indicate they are fused. The splenial is bound by the dentary, which keeps it from being visible on the ventral edge of the mandible. The quadrate and the quadratojugal are appressed on the right side, and there is a quadratojugal foramen present.
Classification
Lemurosaurus and Lobalopex are both biarmosuchian therapsid genera found in South Africa. The Lobalopex fossil was recovered on a farm, Quaggas Fontein 250 in South Africa and is thought to be Middle or Late Permian in age. This specimen has undergone compression, but many of the features are distinguishable. When compared to Lemurosaurus, there are several differences to note. For example, on the Lobalopex skull the median frontal ridge is not prominent, and the posterior contact with the nasal passage is almost flat. Where, in the Lemurosaurus fossil it is observed that it has a distinct medial frontal ridge. Another difference is that Lobalopex has a dorsal orbital margin that has not become thicker with extra layers of bone, where Lemurosaurus is pachyostosed. One similarity between the two taxa is that both skull fossils contained an unpaired vomer.
A partial skull was found in the Western Cape of South Africa in 1985 that lead to the discovery of a new burnetiamorph called Lophorhinus, the fossil was misclassified until 2001. Though its specific relation to Lemurosaurus is still being worked out. This specimen is rather deformed in comparison to the other taxa, but some similarities between these species can be seen. For example, the Lemurosaurus, Lophorhinus has a short maxillary-prefrontal suture. One major difference includes a midline suture with the nasals that is not present in most burnetiamorphs. The discovery of this fossil is important because it shows that there were two related taxa (Lophorhinus and Lobalopex) alive during the same assemblage zone.
The exact relationships within this branch uncertain. The prevailing theory is that Lemurosaurus is the most basal of the three, with Lobalopex and Lophorhinus being more closely related. Lemurosaurus' characteristics place it closer to burnetiids than to its biarmosuchian genera, reclassifying them to burnetiamorpha, altering the previous belief that they were in Ictidorhinidae.
Palaeobiology
It is evident that Biarmosuchia are commonly carnivores, but there has been no conclusive evidence on whether Lemurosaurus is carnivorous, or its specific diet.
Palaeoecology
The Karoo Basin makes up the majority of South Africa, covering about 300,000 km2. Within this basin lies different zones that made it difficult to pinpoint exactly where Lemurosaurus was positioned in the timeline. Lemurosaurus was incorrectly placed in the Dicynodon Assemblage Zone but was later confirmed to live within the Cistecephalus Assemblage Zone by matching the rocks of the fossil with the rocks of the area. During the late Permian the climate was beginning to warm up and had instances of seasonal rain. There were also semi-permanent lakes present at that time.
For some time, it was believed that early therapsids originated from Russia. However, there is ambiguity as to the specific ages of the fauna in each location. This resulted in two prominent theories as to how Lemurosaurus ended up in South Africa. The first is that therapsids originated in South Africa, and their presence in Russia can be explained through a dispersal event. The second theory is that therapsids had Pangaean distribution and we do not have a complete line of their evolutionary diversity. More fossil data is needed to draw a concrete conclusion.
Graaf-Reinet is located in the Kanroo Basin of South Africa. The Karoo Basin is a sedimentary basin, that contains volcanic ash deposits. The basin was deposited in the Carboniferous to the Early Jurassic. Previously, there was difficulty dating this time period, but with the “zircon U-Pb sensitive high-resolution ion microprobe (SHRIMP),” it is now possible to date the soils more accurately. It was found that the Cistecephalus Assemblage zone began 256.25 Ma and lasted until 255.2 Ma.
References
Burnetiamorphs
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Lopingian synapsids of Africa
Fossil taxa described in 1949
Taxa named by Robert Broom
Lopingian genus first appearances
Lopingian genus extinctions
Anarcho-naturism, also referred to as anarchist naturism and naturist anarchism, appeared in the late 19th century as the union of anarchist and naturist philosophies. In many of the alternative communities established in Britain in the early 1900s, "nudism, anarchism, vegetarianism and free love were accepted as part of a politically radical way of life". In the 1920s, the inhabitants of the anarchist community at Whiteway, near Stroud in Gloucestershire, "shocked the conservative residents of the area with their shameless nudity". Mainly, it had importance within individualist anarchist circles in Spain, France, Portugal and Cuba.
Anarcho-naturism advocates vegetarianism, free love, nudism, hiking and an ecological world view within anarchist groups and outside them. Anarcho-naturism also promotes an ecological worldview, small ecovillages, and most prominently nudism as a way to avoid the artificiality of the industrial mass society of modernity. Naturist individualist anarchists see the individual in their biological, physical and psychological aspects and try to eliminate social determinations.
History
Early influences
An important early influence on anarchist naturism was the thought of Henry David Thoreau, Leo Tolstoy and Élisée Reclus.
Thoreau was an American author, poet, naturalist, tax resister, development critic, surveyor, historian, philosopher, and leading transcendentalist.  They are best known for their book Walden, a reflection upon simple living in natural surroundings, and their essay, Civil Disobedience, an argument for individual resistance to civil government in moral opposition to an unjust state. Their thought is an early influence on green anarchism, but with an emphasis on the individual experience of the natural world, influencing later naturist currents. Simple living as a rejection of a materialist lifestyle and self-sufficiency were Thoreau's goals, and the whole project was inspired by transcendentalist philosophy. "Many have seen in Thoreau one of the precursors of ecologism and anarcho-primitivism represented today in John Zerzan. For George Woodcock this attitude can be also motivated by certain idea of resistance to progress and of rejection of the growing materialism which is the nature of American society in the mid-19th century." John Zerzan themselves included the text "Excursions" (1863) by Thoreau in their edited compilation of anti-civilization writings called Against civilization: Readings and reflections from 1999.
France
For the influential French anarchist Élisée Reclus, naturism "was at the same time a physical means of revitalization, a rapport with the body completely different from the hypocrisy and taboos which prevailed at the time, a more convivial way to see life in society, and an incentive to respect the planet. Thus naturism develops in France, in particular under the influence of Élisée Reclus, at the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century among anarchistic communities resulting from utopian socialism."
In France, later important propagandists of anarcho-naturism include Henri Zisly and Émile Gravelle who collaborated in La Nouvelle Humanité, Le Naturien, Le Sauvage, L'Ordre Naturel, and La Vie Naturelle. Their ideas were important in individualist anarchist circles in France as well as Spain, where Federico Urales (pseudonym of Joan Montseny) promoted the ideas of Gravelle and Zisly in La Revista Blanca (1898–1905).
Richard D. Sonn comments on the influence of naturist views in the wider French anarchist movement:
Henri Zisly
Henri Zisly (born in Paris, November 2, 1872; died in 1945) was a French individualist anarchist and naturist. They participated alongside Henri Beylie and Émile Gravelle in many journals such as La Nouvelle Humanité and La Vie Naturelle, which promoted anarchist-naturism. In 1902, they were one of the main initiators, alongside Georges Butaud and Sophie Zaïkowska, of the cooperative Colonie de Vaux established in Essômes-sur-Marne, in Aisne.
Zisly's political activity, "primarily aimed at supporting a return to 'natural life' through writing and practical involvement, stimulated lively confrontations within and outside the anarchist environment. Zisly vividly criticized progress and civilization, which they regarded as 'absurd, ignoble, and filthy.' They openly opposed industrialization, arguing that machines were inherently authoritarian, defended nudism, advocated a non-dogmatic and non-religious adherence to the 'laws of nature,' recommended a lifestyle based on limited needs and self-sufficiency, and disagreed with vegetarianism, which they considered 'anti-scientific.'"
Spain
This relationship between anarchism and naturism was quite important at the end of the 1920s in Spain:
Isaac Puente, an influential Spanish anarchist during the 1920s and 1930s and an important propagandist of anarcho-naturism, was a militant of both the CNT anarcho-syndicalist trade union and Iberian Anarchist Federation. They published the book El Comunismo Libertario y otras proclamas insurreccionales y naturistas (en:Libertarian Communism and other insurrectionary and naturist proclaims) in 1933, which sold around 100,000 copies, and wrote the final document for the Extraordinary Confederal Congress of Zaragoza of 1936 which established the main political line for the CNT for that year. Puente was a doctor who approached their medical practice from a naturist point of view. They saw naturism as an integral solution for the working classes, alongside Neo-Malthusianism, and believed it concerned the living being while anarchism addressed the social being. They believed capitalist societies endangered the well-being of humans from both a socioeconomic and sanitary viewpoint, and promoted anarcho-communism alongside naturism as a solution.
This ecological tendency in Spanish anarchism was strong enough as to call the attention of the CNT–FAI in Spain. Daniel Guérin in Anarchism: From Theory to Practice reports:
Cuba
The historian Kirwin R. Schaffer in their study of Cuban anarchism reports anarcho-naturism as "[a] third strand within the island's anarchist movement" alongside anarcho-communism and anarcho-syndicalism. Naturism offered a global alternative health and lifestyle movement. Naturists focused on redefining one's life to live simply, to eat cheap but nutritious vegetarian diets, and to raise one's own food if possible. The countryside was posited as a romantic alternative to urban living, and some naturists even promoted what they saw as the healthful benefits of nudism. Globally, the naturist movement counted anarchists, liberals, and socialists as its followers. However, in Cuba a particular "anarchist" dimension evolved led by people like Adrián del Valle, who spearheaded the Cuban effort to shift naturism's focus away from only individual health to naturism having a "social emancipatory" function."
Schaffer reports the influence that anarcho-naturism had outside naturist circles. So "[f]or instance, nothing inherently prevented an anarcho-syndicalist in the Havana restaurant workers' union from supporting the alternative health care programs of the anarcho-naturists and seeing those alternative practices as 'revolutionary.'". "Anarcho-naturists promoted a rural ideal, simple living, and being in harmony with Nature as ways to save the laborers from the increasingly industrialized character of Cuba. Besides promoting an early twentieth-century "back-to-the-land" movement, they used these romantic images of Nature to illustrate how far removed a capitalist industrialized Cuba had departed from an anarchist view of natural harmony." The main propagandizer in Cuba of anarcho-naturism was the Catalonia born "Adrián del Valle (aka Palmiro de Lidia)...Over the following decades, Del Valle became a constant presence in not only the anarchist press that proliferated in Cuba but also mainstream literary publications...From 1912 to 1913 they edited the freethinking journal El Audaz. Then they began their largest publishing job by helping to found and edit the monthly alternative health magazine that followed the anarcho-naturist line Pro-Vida.
Other countries
Naturism also met anarchism in the United Kingdom. "In many of the alternative communities established in Britain in the early 1900s nudism, anarchism, vegetarianism and free love were accepted as part of a politically radical way of life. In the 1920s the inhabitants of the anarchist community at Whiteway, near Stroud in Gloucestershire, shocked the conservative residents of the area with their shameless nudity."
In Italy, during the IX Congress of the Italian Anarchist Federation in Carrara in 1965, a group decided to split off from this organization and created the Gruppi di Iniziativa Anarchica. In the seventies it mostly comprised "veteran individualist anarchists with a pacifism orientation, naturism, etc,...".
Criticism
American anarcho-syndicalist Sam Dolgoff shows some of the criticism that some people on the other anarchist currents at the time had for anarcho-naturist tendencies. "Speaking of life at the Stelton Colony of New York in the 1930s, noted with disdain that it, "like other colonies, was infested by vegetarians, naturists, nudists, and other cultists, who sidetracked true anarchist goals." One resident "always went barefoot, ate raw food, mostly nuts and raisins, and refused to use a tractor, being opposed to machinery, and they didn't want to abuse horses, so they dug the earth himself." Such self-proclaimed anarchists were in reality "ox-cart anarchists," Dolgoff said, "who opposed organization and wanted to return to a simpler life." In an interview with Paul Avrich before their death, Dolgoff also grumbled, "I am sick and tired of these half-assed artists and poets who object to organization and want only to play with their belly buttons".
See also
Adamites
Anarcho-primitivism
Eco-communalism
Freedomites
Green anarchism
Individualist anarchism in Europe
Lebensreform
Lifestyle anarchism
Naturism
References
Further reading
Josep Maria Rosello (ed). !Viva la Naturaleza! Escritos libertarios contra la civilización, el progreso y la ciencia. Virus editorial. 2008. A look at the evolution of anarcho-naturism and early green anarchism followed by a selection of texts by anarcho-naturist and green anarchist authors from the late 19th and early 20th centuries such as Émile Gravelle, "Les Naturien", Henri Zisly, Georges Butaud and others (in Spanish)
External links
La Iconoclasta (the Iconoclast). Contemporary spanish anarcho-naturist magazine
Green anarchism
Naturism
Anarchist culture
Naturism
Individualist anarchism
Environmental movements
The Contoocook River () is a river in New Hampshire. It flows from Contoocook Lake on the Jaffrey/Rindge border to Penacook (just north of Concord), where it empties into the Merrimack River. It is one of only a few rivers in New Hampshire that flow in a predominantly northward direction. Four covered bridges span the river, one in the town of Henniker, one on the Hancock-Greenfield line, and two in the town of Hopkinton, New Hampshire with one being in the village of Contoocook, and the other in the populated place of West Hopkinton. Residents and tourists have made the Contoocook popular for fishing and whitewater boating.
The name Contoocook came from the Pennacook tribe of Native Americans and perhaps means "place of the river near pines". Other variations of the name include the Abenaki meaning "nut trees river" or Natick language meaning "small plantation at the river."
The river gives its name to Contoocook, New Hampshire, a census-designated place (CDP) within the town of Hopkinton.
Principal tributaries
From south to north:
Nubanusit Brook begins at Nubanusit Lake in Nelson and joins the Contoocook in Peterborough.
The North Branch of the Contoocook starts in Stoddard and joins the main stem in Hillsborough.
The Warner River starts in Bradford and joins the Contoocook in Hopkinton.
The Blackwater River begins at Pleasant Lake in New London and joins the Contoocook in Hopkinton.
See also
List of New Hampshire rivers
References
External links
NH Department of Environmental Services The Contoocook and North Branch Rivers
American Whitewater description of the Freight Train rapids section
Tributaries of the Merrimack River
Rivers of New Hampshire
Rivers of Merrimack County, New Hampshire
Rivers of Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Rivers of Hillsborough County, New Hampshire
Hopkinton, New Hampshire
New Hampshire placenames of Native American origin
In social choice theory, May's theorem states that simple majority voting is the only anonymous, neutral, and positively responsive social choice function between two alternatives. Further, this procedure is resolute when there are an odd number of voters and ties (indecision) are not allowed. Kenneth May first published this theorem in 1952.
Various modifications have been suggested by others since the original publication. Mark Fey extended the proof to an infinite number of voters. Robert Goodin and Christian List showed that, among methods of aggregating first-preference votes over multiple alternatives, plurality rule uniquely satisfies May's conditions; under approval balloting, a similar statement can be made about approval voting.
Arrow's theorem in particular does not apply to the case of two candidates, so this possibility result can be seen as a mirror analogue of that theorem. (Note that anonymity is a stronger form of non-dictatorship.)
Another way of explaining the fact that simple majority voting can successfully deal with at most two alternatives is to cite Nakamura's theorem. The theorem states that the number of alternatives that a rule can deal with successfully is less than the Nakamura number of the rule. The Nakamura number of simple majority voting is 3, except in the case of four voters. Supermajority rules may have greater Nakamura numbers.
Formal statement
Condition 1. The group decision function sends each set of preferences to a unique winner. (resolute, unrestricted domain)
Condition 2. The group decision function treats each voter identically. (anonymity)
Condition 3. The group decision function treats both outcomes the same, in that reversing each set of preferences reverses the group preference. (neutrality)
Condition 4. If the group decision was 0 or 1 and a voter raises a vote from −1 to 0 or 1, or from 0 to 1, the group decision is 1. (positive responsiveness)
Theorem: A group decision function with an odd number of voters meets conditions 1, 2, 3, and 4 if and only if it is the simple majority method.
Notes
May, Kenneth O. 1952. "A set of independent necessary and sufficient conditions for simple majority decisions", Econometrica, Vol. 20, Issue 4, pp. 680–684.
Mark Fey, "May's Theorem with an Infinite Population", Social Choice and Welfare, 2004, Vol. 23, issue 2, pages 275–293.
Goodin, Robert and Christian List (2006). "A conditional defense of plurality rule: generalizing May's theorem in a restricted informational environment," American Journal of Political Science, Vol. 50, issue 4, pages 940-949.
References
Alan D. Taylor (2005). Social Choice and the Mathematics of Manipulation, 1st edition, Cambridge University Press. . Chapter 1.
Logrolling, May's theorem and Bureaucracy
Social choice theory
1952 in science
Theorems in discrete mathematics
Voting theory
Abdul Karim al-Shaikhly (; 28 April 1937 – 1980), was an Iraqi politician, diplomat and minister. Al-Shaikhly served as Minister of Foreign Affairs. from 31 July 1968 to 29 September 1971. Coming from an aristocratic family, they were a cousin and classmate of Saddam Hussein and it is believed Saddam used their birthday as their own. and Iraq's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1972 to 1974. The Iraqi security forces arrested them and they stayed there about two years before the Iraqi security forces released them in 1980. The Iraqi Intelligence Service assassinated al-Shaikhly on April 8, 1980 in Baghdad
References
1937 births
1980 deaths
Government ministers of Iraq
Foreign ministers of Iraq
Iraqi diplomats
The Virgin and Child, commonly known as The Northbrook Madonna after the Northbrook Collection in England, is a painting from the early 16th century (around 1505) by an unknown artist possibly identified as Domenico Alfani. It is in the permanent collection of the Worcester Art Museum in Worcester, Massachusetts, United States. It was formerly attributed to Raphael, but scholars have since concluded otherwise.
Description
The Madonna is wearing a red blouse and a dark blue skirt. They and the infant are both fair skinned with light red-orange hair. Behind them is a green landscape receding to blue mountains under a blue sky. A brown structure is on the right side of the landscape.
History
The painting takes its name from having been in the Northbrook Collection in England. The painting was donated to the Worcester Art Museum in 1940. At the time it was attributed to Raphael, but scholars have since discarded that idea. There is no clear consensus on its authorship. It is said to possibly have been the work of a student of Raphael, and that they "may have designed it or supervised its execution", or that it "may have been the result of a collaboration, a practice that Raphael was known for throughout their career."
In 2015 the painting was exhibited alongside the Small Cowper Madonna by Raphael, on loan from the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. The exhibition's intent was to attempt to identify the artist who painted the Northbrook Madonna, as well as to "explore Raphael's masterful interpretation and the spread of their early style among followers in Central Italy".
In October 2019, another previously unknown painting that particularly closely resembles the Northbrook Madonna was offered for auction by Dorotheum and was expected to sell for €300,000–400,000 ($US –), ultimately selling instead for $US 2,000,000 (€1,657,190).
As of 2021, the museum says the painter of the Northbrook Madonna was possibly Domenico Alfani of Umbria, a region of central Italy. Alfani and Raphael were close friends, they had studied together at the school of Pietro Perugino, and there have also been other instances in which Alfani's work has been incorrectly attributed to Raphael.
References
Further reading
1500s paintings
Renaissance paintings
Italian paintings
Paintings of the Madonna and Child
Paintings in Massachusetts
Poliana Okimoto (born March 8, 1983) is a Brazilian long-distance swimmer.
Career
They were at the 2002 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Moscow, where they finished 18th in the 800-metre freestyle.
They won the Travessia dos Fortes in 2005.
Okimoto competed in the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, in the first appearance of the marathon swimming, where they received the silver medal in the Women's 10K, the first Brazilian medal at this edition.
Okimoto finished 7th in the inaugural aquatic marathon (10 km race) at the 2008 Olympics.
They also swam at the 2008 Open Water World Championships in Seville, Spain.
In 2009, Okimoto won the marathon swimming World Cup, winning 9 of 11 stages held, becoming the first Brazilian champion of the sport.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, obtained the bronze medal. With that, they broke a 15 years-fast for Brazil in the World Championships, and became the first Brazilian woman to win a medal in the competition's history. They were considered by Época magazine one of the 100 most influential Brazilians in 2009.
They were at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine, where they finished 20th in the 400-metre freestyle.
In 2010, they broke the short-course Brazilian records of the 800-metre freestyle (8:27.77) and 1500-metre freestyle (16:09.04).
At the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Okimoto repeated the 2007 result, and again won the silver.
In the 2012 Olympics in London Okimoto was unable to complete the race due to the water temperature, being disqualified. The frustration that followed led Okimoto to clinical depression and thoughts of abandoning the sport, before being convinced otherwise by among others their husband-coach Ricardo Cintra.
At the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, in Barcelona, Poliana had a historical participation. They won the silver medal in the Women's 5K race, and, some days later, became the World Champion in the 10K race. Finishing, in the team event, they won the bronze medal with the Brazilian team, along with Samuel de Bona and Allan do Carmo.
On August 12, 2013, Okimoto broke the Brazilian record in the 1500-metre freestyle, with a time of 16:26.90.
At the 2015 FINA World Championships in Kazan, Okimoto finished 6th in the 10 km marathon.
Okimoto initially finished fourth at the 10 km race at the 2016 Olympics hosted by Brazil. A disqualification of second placed Aurélie Muller upgraded them to the bronze, making Okimoto the first Brazilian woman to win a swimming Olympic medal.
The following year, Okimoto wound up absent of the 2017 World Championships, finishing third in the national 10 km qualifiers and skipping the 5 km ones.
See also
List of Brazilian records in swimming
References
External links
2008 Olympics profile
1983 births
Living people
Brazilian female long-distance swimmers
Olympic bronze medalists for Brazil
Olympic bronze medalists in swimming
Olympic swimmers of Brazil
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Swimmers from São Paulo
Swimmers at the 2007 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 2011 Pan American Games
Brazilian people of Japanese descent
World Aquatics Championships medalists in open water swimming
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
21st-century Brazilian women
Senator Greer may refer to:
J. Ronnie Greer (born 1952), Tennessee State Senate
John W. Greer Jr. (1909–1994), Georgia State Senate
Thomas Greer (senator) (1853–1928), Northern Irish Senate
Michael James Gandolfi (born July 5, 1956) is an American composer of contemporary classical music. They chair the composition department at the New England Conservatory of Music (NEC).
Gandolfi was born in Melrose, Massachusetts. They taught themselves guitar as a child, studied for a year at the Berklee College of Music, and then entered NEC, where they earned their bachelor's and master's degrees.
In 1986, they were a Fellow at the Tanglewood Music Center, where they studied with Leonard Bernstein and Oliver Knussen. They have served on the faculty of Harvard University, Indiana University, and the Phillips Academy at Andover. They were composer in residence with the New England Philharmonic from 1997-2000.
Since 1997, Gandolfi has been the coordinator for the Tanglewood Music Center's composition department.
They have been championed by conductor Robert Spano as one of the "Atlanta School" of American composers, a group that includes Osvaldo Golijov, Jennifer Higdon, Christopher Theofanidis and Adam Schoenberg. Gandolfi's music often contains rock and jazz elements. They sometimes look to the sciences for their subject matter.
Theirs The Garden of Cosmic Speculation was inspired by Charles Jencks' garden in Scotland that incorporates modern physics into its design. It was nominated for Best Contemporary Classical Composition at the 2009 Grammy Awards, Their Trivia, written for the Weilerstein Trio, uses Richard Wolfson's book Simply Einstein as a source.
Gandolfi has also written a significant amount of children's music, including a setting of Carlo Collodi's 1949 version of the Pinocchio story.
Their works have been performed by the Boston Symphony Orchestra, Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, The New World Symphony, the Houston Symphony Orchestra, the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, and many others.
Gandolfi resides in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and is a member of ASCAP.
References
External links
Michael Gandolfi website
Interview with Atlanta's CreativeLoafing
Interview about the premiere of "Plain Song, Fantastic Dances"
2005 Boston Globe profile by Geoff Edgers
Berklee alumni profile
Boston Modern Orchestra Project: Boston Connections concert program notes
EarRelevant interview
CNN.com: A rainy bus stop and, three years later, marriage
1956 births
Culture of Boston
Living people
American people of Italian descent
New England Conservatory faculty
American classical composers
21st-century American composers
20th-century American composers
Shijimia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic, containing only the species Shijimia moorei.
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Shōnen Matsumura
Monotypic butterfly genera
Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents, 403 U.S. 388 (1971), was a case in which the US Supreme Court ruled that an implied cause of action existed for an individual whose Fourth Amendment freedom from unreasonable search and seizures had been violated by the Federal Bureau of Narcotics. The victim of such a deprivation could sue for the violation of the Fourth Amendment itself despite the lack of any federal statute authorizing such a suit. The existence of a remedy for the violation was implied by the importance of the right violated.
The case has been subsequently interpreted to create a cause of action against the federal government similar to the one in 42 U.S.C. § 1983 against the states.
Background
Federal Bureau of Narcotics (FBN) agents searched the Brooklyn home of the plaintiff, Webster Bivens, and arrested them without a warrant. Drug charges were filed but were later dismissed by a US commissioner (now called magistrate judge). Bivens filed a lawsuit alleging the violation of their Fourth Amendment freedom from unreasonable search and seizure. The government claimed that the violation allowed for only a state law claim for invasion of privacy and that the Fourth Amendment provides no cause of action but only a rebuttable defense for the FBN agents.
The district court agreed and dismissed the suit for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction and for Bivens's failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. The Second Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed. The Supreme Court granted certiorari on that secondary issue of whether a plaintiff can bring a claim in federal court based solely on an alleged violation of their Fourth Amendment rights.
Bivens was represented pro bono by Stephen A. Grant.
Decision
The Supreme Court, in an opinion by Justice Brennan, laid down a rule that it will infer a private right of action for monetary damages where no other federal remedy is provided for the vindication of a constitutional right, based on the principle that for every wrong, there is a remedy. The court reasoned based upon a presumption that where there is a violation of a right, the plaintiff can recover whatever they could recover under any civil action, unless Congress has expressly curtailed that right of recovery, or there exist some "special factors counseling hesitation".
Concurrence
Justice Harlan voted with the majority to reverse the lower court but also wrote a separate concurring opinion.
Harlan particularly emphasized the special importance of constitutional rights. They presented that it was well-settled, even undeniable, that a suit for injunction based on a constitutional right had been long recognized in the Federal courts. However, a suit for damages should be as or more acceptable.
Dissents
Dissenting opinions were written by Chief Justice Burger and by Justices Black and Blackmun.
Chief Justice Burger's dissent asserted that the decision was legislating an area that should be left to Congress. Justice Black basically agreed with Justice Burger and was worried about the growing docket. Justice Blackmun went a step further, saying the decision "opens the door for another avalanche of new federal cases".
Subsequent case law
In Davis v. Passman, , the Supreme Court upheld a Fifth Circuit opinion that held that even though there existed "an explicit congressional prohibition against judicial remedies for those in petitioner's position", the Court declined to infer that Congress also sought to foreclose an alternative remedy directly under the Fifth Amendment.
Stafford v. Briggs,
In Carlson v. Green, , the court held that a damages remedy would be available despite the absence of any statute conferring such a right, unless: (1) Congress had provided an alternative remedy which it "explicitly declared to be a substitute for recovery directly under the Constitution"; or (2) the defendant could demonstrate any "special factors counseling hesitation".
Chappell v. Wallace,
In Bush v. Lucas, , the Court refrained from implying a Bivens remedy due to the availability of alternative remedies for the first time.
Mitchell v. Forsyth,
Anderson v. Creighton,
United States v. Stanley,
Schweiker v. Chilicky,
McCarthy v. Madigan,
In FDIC v. Meyer, , and Correctional Services Corporation v. Malesko, , the court held that the fundamental logic supporting Bivens was to deter constitutional violations by individual officers, not federal agencies.
Farmer v. Brennan,
Saucier v. Katz,
Hartman v. Moore,
In Wilkie v. Robbins, , the court held that the difficulty inherent in "defining limits to legitimate zeal on the public's behalf in situations where hard bargaining is to be expected" was a "special factor" that counseled against the availability of a Bivens remedy.
Ashcroft v. Iqbal,
Hui v. Castaneda,
Ashcroft v. al-Kidd,
In Minneci v. Pollard, , the court denied a Bivens action for Eighth Amendment violations committed by employees of a private prison because "state tort law authorizes adequate alternative damages actions … that provide both significant deterrence and compensation", despite acknowledging that these officials were "act[ing] under color of federal law".
Reichle v. Howards,
Wood v. Moss,
Ziglar v. Abbasi,
Hernandez v. Mesa,
Hernandez v. Mesa,
Brownback v. King,
Egbert v. Boule,
Subsequent developments
Scholarship on Bivens success rate
According to Alexander A. Reinert, law professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law of Yeshiva University, many attorneys assumed Bivens claims were far less successful than other civil rights litigation. However, Reinert's research showed outcomes for plaintiffs more promising than had been assumed: "Depending on the procedural posture, presence of counsel, and type of case," success ranged from "16% to more than 40%," and that "when Bivens claims fail, it very rarely is because of the qualified immunity defense."
Egbert v. Boule
The Supreme Court granted Egbert v. Boule, 596 U.S. ___ (2022), in November 2021, which is expected to review extensions of Bivens related remedies. The case involves a lawsuit filed by Robert Boule, the owner of an inn at the U.S.-Canada border against U.S. Border Patrol agent Erik Egbert related to a 2014 incident. In the incident, after Boule asked Egbert to leave their property when Egbert had approached a Turkish man about their immigration status, Egbert pushed Boule to the ground. Boule complained to the Border Patrol, which in turn led Egbert to prompt the IRS to investigate Boule. Boule claimed their First and Fourth Amendment rights were violated under Bivens. The district court found against Boule asserting their claims were an inappropriate extension of Bivens, but the Ninth Circuit reversed.
In a 6-3 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States decided that the authority of the court to find a course of action under Bivens does not extend to Robert Boule claim of excessive force under the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution and their First Amendment retaliation claim.
See also
Qualified immunity
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 403
References
External links
Casebrief Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents of Federal Bureau of Narcotics a provided by Bloomberg Law's Law Cases & Case Briefs for Students
United States Supreme Court cases
Implied constitutional cause of action case law
United States Fourth Amendment case law
Drug Enforcement Administration litigation
1971 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
1970s in Brooklyn
Mera Dard Bayzuban () is a Pakistani television soap opera aired on Geo TV on 15 August 2016 . It stars Ayesha Omer, Sami Khan, Sonya Hussain and Sidra Batool. The show originally telecasted on Geo Kahani under the title Soha aur Savera.
Plot
The story explores two different parts of society, one is extremely religious and the other one ultra-modern and how both stands proud and believes that they are right and the other one is on the wrong part and the common practice of society where people change their dreams, goals and themselves just for the sake of others, especially females who are constantly sacrifi ng their feelings to satisfy their loved ones. The two protagonist Soha & Sawera played by Ayesha Omer and Sonya Hussain respectively, have planned a successful bright future and have dreams to make it big in their own way but the result was far from what they have hoped for.
Cast
Ayesha Omer as Soha
Sami Khan as Faris
Sonya Hussain as Savera
Sidra Batool as Emaan
Lubna Aslam
Seemi Pasha
Faizan Khawaja as Talal
Imran Ashraf as Umair
Uzma Tahir
Hammad Faroqui
References
External links
A&B Entertainment
2016 Pakistani television series debuts
Musacchio v. United States, 577 U.S. ___ (2016), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States clarified procedures for appellate review when the government does not object to an erroneous jury instruction that adds elements to a criminal offense as well as whether a defendant may raise a statute of limitations defense for the first time on appeal. In a unanimous opinion written by Justice Clarence Thomas, the Court held that when reviewing a claim that the government failed to demonstrate sufficient evidence to substantiate a criminal offense, an appellate court should assess the elements of the alleged crime, rather than the elements that were described in jury instructions. Justice Thomas explained that "[a] reviewing court's limited determination on sufficiency review ... does not rest on how the jury was instructed." Additionally, with respect to the statute of limitations issue, Justice Thomas held that a statute of limitations defense cannot be raised for the first time on appeal.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases
Lists of United States Supreme Court cases by volume
List of United States Supreme Court cases by the Roberts Court
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
2016 in United States case law
Statutes of limitations
The Tsarigrad Road (, / Цариградски друм, from Tsarigrad “City of the Tsar”, an old Slavic name of Istanbul), also called the Road to Istanbul, Imperial Road, Moravian Road, or Great Road, was one of the most important roads in the Middle Ages on the Balkan Peninsula; it linked Belgrade with Istanbul. Its forerunner was the Roman Via Militaris, and prior to that, still older pre-antique traffic that took place along this route. Many passed in both directions along what was to be the Tsarigrad Road: units, groups, and military formations came to pillage and kill (the Huns), or to defend (the Roman legions), or to conquer new frontiers (the Ottoman invasions). The mission of the brothers Saints Cyril and Methodius to Great Moravia to Christianize the Slavs passed along the same road.
History
The foundations of the most significant Balkan communication line, the Tsarigrad Road, were laid in Roman times. The Romans made a network of solid roads across their entire empire, so that in 33CE the Via Militaris, too, was constructed, a military road that led from Singidunum (Belgrade), by the valley of the Margus (the river Great Morava), through (Niš) and Serdica (Sofia), to Asia Minor. The Roman road was 9 strides wide (6 meters), surfaced with large polygonal tiles or with sand, and ran in straight segments, with stone bridges and milestones. Along the way were stations for changing horses (mutatio) and staying overnight (mansio) arranged to be reachable from the last station by a day's walking.
This route was the most natural and the shortest, but during the Byzantine and Slavic epochs it was generally abandoned and neglected, so that merchant caravans and delegations, for a series of centuries after the fall of the Roman state and before the arrival of the Turks in the area, used a route through Prva Kutina (formerly Banja Kutina), then through Radikina Bara, Koprivnica, and Jagličje, through Preslap (the snake meadow) beneath Mount Mosor, Veta, Toponica, Špaj, and Vrgudinac in the direction of modern Bela Palanka. Along the old antique route passed only larger military divisions or travelers and caravans that were defended by a larger armed escort.
This variant of the route leading to Istanbul was apparently discovered by the Turks at the end of the fifteenth century or the start of the sixteenth, and it led through Banja, Jelašnica, and Studen, and thereafter through Bancarevo, Glogovac, Popov Šah, Špaj, and Vrgudinac to modern Bela Palanka. The road was heavily damaged. The Turks repaired it for the use of their military forces, but this new road, filled in with gravel and small stones, was torturous and hard for traveling, especially because of mud. Many travel writers described the difficulty of extracting oneself from the mire on the Moravian Road. Besides military forces, caravans most frequently moved along the road, full of various wares, various official delegations, and the occasional world traveler. Travel was undertaken on foot, on horses, and in carriages, but it was extremely dangerous. From the dense forest hajduks prowled — especially dangerous were the ones found at Lipar by Jagodina and at Kunovica beyond Niš. The trip from Belgrade to Niš lasted 40 hours, not accounting for resting and sleeping.
On some of the more dangerous sections, some villages were tasked with guarding the passages (as the paramilitary derbenci, ). In some places small fortifications (stockades) were constructed, sometimes in convenient places, such as Niš, a caravanserai in which travelers could dismount. In some villages and places horses were exchanged or trade was conducted, etc. Among the natural obstacles on the road were the forests (which the Turks removed) and the hajduks (who are mentioned in the literature mostly as “bandits”).
On that basis, some villages were given a derbenci status (required to guard dangerous passages) or required to cut trees along the road. The tasks of repair and maintenance of the Tsarigrad Road were given to villages (which fulfilled these tasks shoddily), or, in times of military campaigns, to craftsmen and workers (who fulfilled them with better quality). Guided by the religious and practical needs of the Turks, they raised fountains or built wells by the roadside wherever it was convenient or necessary. On the road oxen, horses, carriages, occasionally chariots, and even camels were used for traffic. Besides oxen and horses, bison and mules were used, and as riding animals also donkeys. For their needs, travelers, merchants, military units, Tatars, and ulaks (couriers, news-bearers, mail carriers), foreign and Turkish delegations, state and religious missions, pilgrims and devşirme children, bearers of wares and money, etc., used the Tsarigrad Road.
In 1862, Midhat Pasha re-established the antique road through Kunovica on the plateau of Ploče (elevation 636m). The road further passed through the southwestern part of the Bela Palanka Basin to Bela Palanka, and thence through Ciganski Klanac, past Starčev Han, Kruš, and the Hajduk Fountain, through Šumje (known as Kurašnica) to Pirot. Midhat Pasha built up the road and fortified it with strong watchtowers. A partially straightened route was used in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries all the way until 1964, when a part of the old route was introduced in the Sićevo Gorge as the Nišavska Highway.
On the basis of projects that were made at the end of the twentieth century, a new highway with more lanes is intended to again return to Ploče.
Culture
The remnants of the Tsarigrad Road at the end of the twentieth century can be discerned here and there during archaeological work or accidentally. Information about it can be found in toponymy, in scant literature, in legends, and also in scientific research. Upon the construction of a railroad in 1884 in the Morava valley, the Tsarigrad Road lost its significance, and after the construction of a modern highway, it practically ceased to be used. Today only its remnants can be seen in some places, overgrown with woods or weeds.
While even Herodotus described navigation along the Istros (Danube), Brongos (West Morava), and the valleys of the Triballi, among the travelers who have left behind recent accounts of the Tsarigrad Road are Bertrandon de la Broquière in the fifteenth century, Evliya Çelebi in the seventeenth century, and further English travel writers in the nineteenth century.
Stations and lodgings on the Tsarigrad Road
Some of the stations on the Roman road were: Mutatio ad sextum (Mali Mokri Lug), Tricornium (Ritopek), Margum (Kulič, by Smederevo), Viminacium (Kostolac), Idimmum (Medveđa), Horreum Margi (Ćuprija), Praesidium Pompei (Bovan, by Aleksinac), Naissus (Niš), Remesiana (Bela Palanka), and Turres (Pirot).
In the time of the Ottoman Empire, lodgings (konaks) on the Tsarigrad Road from Sofia to Belgrade were arranged to be reachable from the last station by a day's walking. In a list of the konaks from 1595/96, on the way from Sofia to Belgrade the following konaks are recorded, with the travel times between them: from Sofia to Slivnitsa 5 hours, to Caribor 6 hours, to Pirot 5 hours, to Bela Palanka 5 hours, to Niš 8 hours, to Aleksinac 6 hours, to Ražanj 3 hours, to Paraćin 6 hours, to Jagodina 4 hours, to Batočina 6 hours, to Hasan-Pašina Palanka (Smederevska Palanka) 6 hours, to Kolare 5 hours, by the bank of the Great Morava to Hisardžik (Grocka) 4 hours, and to Belgrade 4 hours — in total, 73 hours. The road from Ravna (Ćuprija) continued toward Sofia by the Roman route. Along this route today passes Highway E-80, the eastern end of the great Pan-European Corridor X, Branch C (Salzburg—Ljubljana—Zagreb—Belgrade—Niš—Sofia—Plovdiv—Edirne—Istanbul), which connects through Asia Minor with other areas of the world.
References
Bibliography
Бертрадон де ла Брокојер, Путопис путовања преко мора кроз Палестину, Малу Азију, Србију и Француску, Чигоја, Београд 2002.
Васић Јовица (2007) Нишка Бања, Монографија. Ниш, pp. 1–159.
Група аутора (1983). Историја Ниша, од најстаријих времена до ослобођења од турака 1878 године књига I. Ниш: Градина и Просвета.
Јанковић П. Т. (1909). Историјски развитак нишавске долине. Београд:Посебна издања САН, књ. LI.
Милош Благојевић, Државна управа у српским средњовековним земљама, JП Службени лист СРJ, Београд 2001.
Никола Вучо, Привредна историја Србије до првог светског рата, Научна књига, Београд 1955.
Михаило Динић, Српске земљe у средњем веку, СКЗ, Београд 1978.
Сергије Димитријевић, Дубровачки каравани у јужној Србији у XVII веку, СAН, Београд 1958.
Душанов законик, Просвета и СКЗ, Београд 1986.
Историја српског народа, том 1, СКЗ, Београд 1981.
Константин Јиречек и Јован Радонић, Историја Срба, књига 2, Слово љубве, Београд 1978.
Мијо Мирковић, Економска хисторија Југославије, Информатор, Загреб 1968.
Стојанчевић В. (1996) Југоисточна Србија у XIX веку (1804—1878), Ниш
Ћирић, Ј. (1995). Енциклопедија Ниша – Природа, простор, становништво. Ниш:Градина.
Ћоровић Владимир, (2001) Историја српског народа, Јанус, Београд,
Цвијић, Ј. (1991). Балканско полуострво. Београд: САНУ, Завод за уџбенике и наставна средства и Књижевне новине, књ. 2.
Милановић, М. (2013) Писани извори и коментари о повести Срба са хронологијом Вандалија. Београд, 2013.
External links
Map of the Tsarigrad Road
Ottoman Serbia
Ottoman period in the history of Bulgaria
Roads in Serbia
Roads in Bulgaria
Roads in Turkey
Former trade routes
Medieval roads and tracks
Rhinelephas is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Rhinelephas arrhina Toxopeus, 1928
Rhinelephas cyanicornis (Snellen, 1892)
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus
William Ritchie may refer to:
William Ritchie (barrister) (1817–1862), Advocate-General of Bengal
William Ritchie (editor) (1781–1831), editor of The Scotsman
William Ritchie (footballer) (1895–?), Scottish footballer
William Ritchie (moderator) (1758–1830), Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
William Ritchie (physicist) (1790–1837), physicist
William E. Ritchie (died 1943), trick bicyclist
William Gordon Ritchie (1918–1998), Manitoba politician
Sir William Johnstone Ritchie (1813–1892), Chief Justice of Canada
William Thomas Ritchie (1873–1945), Scottish cardiologist
Bill Ritchie (1931–2010), cartoonist
Bill Ritchie (politician) (1927–2014), Canadian politician
Billy Ritchie (1936–2016), footballer
Billy Ritchie (musician) (born 1944), British keyboard player and composer
Willie Ritchie (golfer) (1884–1966), Scottish golfer
See also
Willie Ritchie (1891–1975), boxer
Chandreshwar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2357 people living in 488 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The rufous-crowned antpitta, or rufous-crowned pittasoma, (Pittasoma rufopileatum) is a species of bird in the gnateater family, Conopophagidae. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Taxonomy and systematics
The position of the two species in genus Pittasoma in linear format is unsettled. The International Ornithological Committee (IOC) and the Clements taxonomy place them differently within the gnateater family.
Three subspecies of rufous-crowned antpitta are recognized, the nominate Pittasoma rufopileatum rufopileatum, P. r. rosenbergi, and P. r. harterti. It has been suggested that harterti should be merged into the nominate subspecies.
Description
The rufous-crowned antpitta is long. One male specimen weighed and a female . In body shape it resembles the "true" antpittas of family Grallariidae. The nominate male's crown is bright rufous with a bold black band below it. Its face is yellowish. The upper parts of the body are olive brown with a scaly appearance. The wings are brownish and have small white spots. The throat and crissum (the area around the cloaca) are buffy and the flanks a yellowish buff. Wavy black barring covers most of the under parts. The nominate female is similar, but the crown is not as bright, the black band is smaller, and the face is more rufous. The underside is creamier and the black barring is less prominent.
P. r. rosenbergi is similar to the nominate but it is smaller and its colors are duller. Both sexes' heads are rufuous rather than just the crown, and the underside does not have the black bars. P. r. harterti is intermediate between the nominate and rosenbergi. The entire face is rufous and it has barring on the underside.
Distribution and habitat
The rufous-crowned antpitta is found on the Pacific slope of Colombia and Ecuador. P. r. rosenbergi is the furthest north; it occurs only in Chocó Department of Colombia. P. r. harterti occurs in western Nariño Department, also in Colombia. The nominate occurs in Ecuador's Esmeraldas and Pichincha Provinces. The rufous-crowned antpitta inhabits humid forests in the lowlands and foothills of the Chocó biogeographic region up to elevation. No details of its preferences within that biome have been documented.
Behavior
Feeding
Almost nothing is known about the rufous-crowned antpitta's diet or feeding habits. One specimen's stomach contained insects and spiders.
Breeding
Data are also scarce about the rufous-crowned antpitta's breeding habits. Two speciments in breeding condition have been documented in Colombia, a female in November and a male in February.
Vocalization
The rufous-crowned antpitta's song is a "piercing keeee-yurh note" . Its alarm call is "a decelerating chatter" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the rufous-crowned antpitta as Near Threatened. Its habitat is undergoing rapid deforestation and its population is experiencing "a moderately rapid population decline."
References
rufous-crowned antpitta
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
rufous-crowned antpitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Perfect Stranger is the fourth studio album by Canadian rapper K.Maro. The album was released on October 28, 2008. Two singles were released from the album. Some of the songs are in collaboration with various artists like Imposs, Belly and Rad, Odessa Thornhill and Jonas.
Track listing
"Out In The Streets" featuring Jim Jones
"Let It Show"
"Love It Or Leave It" featuring Imposs
"Take You Away"
"All Over Again"
"Good Old Days"
"Take It Slow"
"Change The Game" featuring Belly & Rad
"Never Walk Away" featuring Odessa Thornhill
"Missing You"
"Not Your Time To Go"
"Take You Away (Part 2)" featuring Jonas
"Keep My Grind"
"Celebration"
Singles
"Out in the Streets"
"Take You Away"
2008 albums
K.Maro albums
Sodan is a former settlement in Inyo County, California. It was located on the Southern Pacific Railroad about halfway between Narka and Little Lake.
References
Former settlements in Inyo County, California
Populated places in the Mojave Desert
Former populated places in California
, is a Japanese economist at Dokkyo University, Saitama, a suburb to Tokyo.  They are also a television program editor. As an economist they have been highly publicized, expressing their views in television and radio on an array of subjects, from politics to manga to video games. Their ideas have elicited a large number of reactions on the internet and in media.
Biography
Early life
At an age of 9, Morinaga began collecting model cars after their father gave them one. Today they possess over 20,000 miniature cars.
Career
Otaku
In 2006, Takuro Morinaga estimated the global market for otaku to be between 26 billion and 34 billion dollars.
Tax on the beautiful
Morinaga has proposed increased taxes on men who are beautiful and rich, stating this on Nippon TV, which caused quite an Internet-stir.
Their proposal intend to model the tax according to the appearance of the taxpayer. Their idea was that if the ugly are tax-advantaged, they will have an easier time being charming and engaging in dating, which would result in more marriages, increasing birth and growth in Japan. Their proposal classifies single men into four broad categories: the hunks, the normal, the moderately ugly, and the ugly. These groups would be developed by a beauty assessment board consisting of a jury of five women selected at random.
Takuro Morinaga has long been interested in the issue of single people and has published two books on the topic: Akujo to shinshi no keizaigaku (The economics of the femme fatale and the gentleman, 1996), and Hikon no susume (Incitement for celibacy, 1997).
Works
Akujo to shinshi no keizaigaku (The economics of the femme fatale and the gentleman, 1996)
Hikon no susume (Incitement for celibacy, 1997)
Surviving in an Era of ¥3 Million Annual Income (2003)
References
1957 births
Living people
Japanese television presenters
Japanese economists
People from Meguro
University of Tokyo alumni
Eicochrysops damiri is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found on the Comoros in the Indian Ocean.
References
Butterflies described in 1995
Eicochrysops
USA-42, also known as GPS II-3 and GPS SVN-16, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the third of nine Block II GPS satellites to be launched, which were the first operational GPS satellites to be placed into orbit.
Background
It was part of the 21-satellite Global Positioning System (GPS) Block II series that provides precise position data (accurate to within 16 m) to military and civilian users worldwide. Its signals could be received on devices as small as a telephone. The GPS II satellites, built by Rockwell International for the Air Force Space Systems Division, each have a 7.5-year design life. The Air Force intends to launch a GPS II every 2 to 3 months until the constellation of 21 operational satellites and 3 spares is aloft. The GPS Block II join 7 operational Block 1 satellites.
Launch
USA-42 was launched at 05:57:59 UTC on 18 August 1989, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D186, flying in the 6925 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-42 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 19 September 1989, USA-42 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.86 minutes, and 54.9° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a mass of , and generated 710 watts of power. It had a design life of 7.5 years, and ceased operations on 13 October 2000.
References
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1989
Sidima is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Sidima idamis (Fruhstorfer, 1917) Sumatra
Sidima murayamai Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983 Philippines
Sidima sulawesiana Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983 Celebes
Sidima amarylde Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983 New Guinea
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Harrolds is an Australian department store chain. It trades in all Australian states and one of Australia's two self-governing territories. Harrolds retails a broad range of products across women's, men's, and children's clothing, footwear and accessories; cosmetics and fragrance; homewares; electrical; connected home; furniture; toys; books and stationery; food and confectionery; and travel goods.
See also
Department stores around the world
References
External links
1985 establishments in Australia
Australian companies established in 1985
Retail companies established in 1985
Companies based in Melbourne
Department stores of Australia
Retail companies of Australia
Family-owned companies of Australia
Rex Orville Montague Paul (born January 8, 1945), better known as Kojo Nnamdi (), is a Guyanese-born American radio journalist based in Washington, D. C.  They are the host of The Kojo Nnamdi Show and The Politics Hour on WAMU, and hosted the Evening Exchange broadcast on WHUT-TV from 1985 to 2011.
Early life
Nnamdi was born Rex Orville Montague Paul in British Guiana on January 8, 1945. As a high school student, Nnamdi and their friends opposed British colonialism, at odds with their parents.
In 1967, a year after Guyana became independent from British rule, Nnamdi moved to Montreal, Canada to attend McGill University after their mother secretly saved their earnings from selling insurance and filled out an application on their behalf. While attending McGill, Nnamdi became interested in the Black Power movement. After a year at McGill, Nnamdi moved to the New York City borough of Brooklyn in the U.S., where they worked on Wall Street and joined the Black Panther Party. However, not long after joining the Panthers, Nnamdi drifted out of the Party. Nnamdi had been seeking a Black Nationalist and Pan-Africanism supporting organisation, whereas by this time the Black Panthers had embraced internationalism and were committed to working with people of all races towards a socialist America. It would not be until later in life that Nnamdi would embrace Marxist theory as the Panthers had.
Nnamdi moved to Washington, D.C. in 1969 and enrolled in Federal City College, now the University of the District of Columbia. While attending the college, Nnamdi joined former members of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee to form the Center for Black Education.
Broadcasting career
Early radio career (1969–1985)
Nnamdi began their radio career in 1969 as an actor and director for children's plays that aired Sundays on Washington rhythm and blues radio station WOL. With the on-air name "Brother Uwezo", Nnamdi became editor for Sauti, a news magazine program on WOL, in 1970. After marrying in 1971, they adopted the on-air name that they would use for the rest of their career, Kojo Nnamdi. They described it as an "African Christian name and surname that made more sense", first name "Kojo" being an Akan name for "Monday" and surname "Nnamdi" after the first President of Nigeria, Nnamdi Azikiwe.
In 1973, Nnamdi became news editor at WHUR, the radio station of Howard University, a historically black university in Washington. Later becoming news director, Nnamdi helped produce The Daily Drum, a local news program.
Evening Exchange (1985–2011)
Nnamdi left WHUR in 1985 to join Howard television station WHMM (later WHUT) as host of Evening Exchange, a public affairs show. Nnamdi hosted Evening Exchange until 2011.
On June 13, 1990, Evening Exchange received its highest viewership numbers when Washington mayor Marion Barry announced on the show that they would not seek a fourth term.
Public Interest and The Kojo Nnamdi Show (1998–present)
On August 31, 1998, Nnamdi became host of Public Interest on Washington public radio station WAMU, a show renamed from The Derek McGinty Show. In January of that year, previous host Derek McGinty left WAMU for CBS News. A two-hour program, one hour focused on local issues and was broadcast exclusively on WAMU, and the other discussed national topics and was distributed by National Public Radio (NPR) to around 40 stations. On September 30, 2002, Public Interest was renamed The Kojo Nnamdi Show and dropped national distribution.
On Fridays, Nnamdi hosts The Politics Hour, which covers topics related to political issues and events in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, including surrounding Maryland and Virginia regions. Before May 2008, the show was titled The D.C. Politics Hour and focused solely on the D.C.-area political scene. The show was renamed The Politics Hour in May 2008, after WAMU fired resident political analyst and Washington Examiner columnist Jonetta Rose Barras over a salary dispute. The show then featured guest analysts until the long-term hiring of WRC-TV political reporter Tom Sherwood in February 2009.
Barras joined the program after the late Mark Plotkin left in April 2002 to set up shop at all-news station WTOP, where they hosted The Politics Program. Originally called The Politics Hour, the name of Plotkin's show was changed after WAMU threatened a lawsuit. Nonetheless, Plotkin said in a 2006 online chat that they and Nnamdi remain friendly and regularly have dinner together.
Every Tuesday the first half of the show consists of a segment called Tech Tuesday that attempts to keep listeners current on various computer/computing and technology issues. For a number of years, the first Tuesday of the month featured "The Computer Guys," John Gilroy and Tom Pivovar. Pivovar left the program in early 2006 in a contract dispute and has been since replaced with a rotation of recurring expert guests, most of whom are employed at either Mid-Atlantic Consulting or the University of Maryland, College Park.
On April 1, 2021, Kojo ended their daily program, but the Politics Hour continues on Fridays.
References
External links
The Kojo Nnamdi Show official website
WashingtonPost.com online chat with Mark Plotkin, April 25, 2006
1945 births
Living people
Guyanese journalists
African-American communists
American male journalists
American radio personalities
Guyanese radio personalities
Guyanese emigrants to the United States
McGill University alumni
University of the District of Columbia alumni
NPR personalities
Radio personalities from Washington, D.C.
People from Brooklyn
Members of the Black Panther Party
20th-century African-American men
Narrow Margin is a 1990 American neo-noir action crime thriller film written and directed by Peter Hyams, loosely based on the 1952 film noir The Narrow Margin. The film stars Gene Hackman and Anne Archer, with James Sikking, J. T. Walsh, and M. Emmet Walsh in supporting roles. It tells the story of a Los Angeles deputy district attorney who attempts to keep a murder witness safe from hit men while traveling through the Canadian wilderness aboard a train.
Narrow Margin was produced by Carolco Pictures, and filmed on location in Alberta and British Columbia, Canada. It was released by TriStar Pictures on September 21, 1990.
Plot
In Los Angeles, divorced editor Carol Hunnicut is on a blind date in a hotel restaurant with widowed lawyer Michael Tarlow when a waiter delivers a message for them to phone a client. Tarlow goes to their suite to make the call and invites them to come with him. While Hunnicut watches from a darkened room, the client, crime boss Leo Watts, unexpectedly arrives in person along with a gunman, Jack Wootton. They have learned that Tarlow stole from him, but says Tarlow will not be harmed if they repay the money. Then they add, "I lied", and Wootton shoots Tarlow dead.
The next day Hunnicut learns that Tarlow was Watts's lawyer, and realizes they are in danger. They deliver their son to their father and urges them to go into hiding, and they flee to a borrowed cabin in the Canadian Rockies, telling only one person where they went and what they saw.
Police sergeant Benti traces Hunnicut and learns these facts, which they bring to deputy district attorney Robert Caulfield. Caulfield is half suspicious of their boss, Martin Larner, for stopping a previous prosecution of Watts because the evidence was insufficient; over Larner's objections, they arrange to go to the cabin by chartered plane and helicopter. There, they urge Hunnicut to return with them and testify, but they refuse. At this point Watts's men arrive in their own helicopter and open fire. Caulfield's pilot and Benti are killed.
Caulfield improvises an escape with Hunnicut, first by road, then off-road into a forest. They see a VIA Rail train to Vancouver stopping nearby, and manages to reach the station in time. They con an elderly couple into giving up their drawing room on the train, so they can hide Hunnicut, but they are followed onto the train by Wootton and another of Watts's gunmen, Nelson.
Caulfield repeatedly manages to evade the men and keep them from seeing what Hunnicut looks like. At the next station, they phone their office. Avoiding Larner, they speak to another deputy DA, James Dahlbeck, to arrange for police to meet the train at the following station. But the "police" turn out to be more of Watts's men. Caulfield manages to reboard the train, still protecting Hunnicut. Nelson attempts to bribe Caulfield to reveal her, but they refuse.
Another passenger, Kathryn Weller, strikes up an acquaintance with Caulfield and they realize they must protect them from being mistaken for Hunnicut and killed. As they try to rush them to safety, another passenger, Keller, is suspicious and reveals themselves as a railroad police officer. Caulfield hides Weller with Keller and asks them to pass on a message to Larner that Dahlbeck is in league with Watts, but when they return from updating Hunnicut, they find Keller shot dead.
Eventually Caulfield is seen with Hunnicut and they go onto the roof of the train, followed by the gunmen, who both fall off in the ensuing fight. Then Weller climbs on the roof, revealing themselves as another assassin, but they face backwards as they aim their shot, and is swept off the train when it enters a tunnel.
After this, the train is stopped and Caulfield is finally able to phone Larner and tell them what happened. Later, back in Los Angeles, Hunnicut testifies about the murder of Tarlow.
Cast
Production
Peter Hyams watched the original film on television one night "at some ungodly hour" and thought it was ideal for a remake.
"I didn't think the movie was terrific, but I thought the idea of people being stuck on a train was wonderful," said Hyams. "It harkened back to the kind of movie they don't make anymore. The idea of a train is very mysterious and romantic."
Hyams got Paramount to buy the rights and set about writing a RKO screenplay. They felt the train in their film should be traveling through country "so forbidding that you can't just jump off and go to a rent-a-car counter" so they decided to set the action in Mexico or Canada. "So I took the train through the Rockies and was unprepared for how beautiful it is," said Hyams. "It was the most extraordinary scenery I've ever seen." So they decided on Canada.
Lead roles went to Gene Hackman and Anne Archer. Hackman said, "Peter and I have talked about doing a film vaguely a number of times over the years and this came along and they told me that Anne was going to be involved. It's a good action-thriller. It has a lot of nice character to it."
The film was shot in British Columbia and Alberta, Canada in June 1989.
The train used for both interior and exterior scenes consisted of a BC Rail SD40-2 diesel locomotive and 12 privately owned passenger railcars, all painted in Via Rail Canada livery to represent the Toronto-Vancouver passenger train. Some of the distant exterior shots were filmed using a model train.
Reception
Cult Cinema writer David Harkin praised the film, suggesting that...'Produced in the late 1980s and released in 1990, arguably during the golden age of the action thriller, Narrow Margin has remained under the radar. The film, however, has much to recommend it; Bruce Broughton's score, which echoes Michael Small's work a decade earlier (Marathon Man, The Parallax View), helps move things along as high octane stunts, typical of the era, permeate the climax'
Narrow Margin received mixed reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 57% based on 14 reviews. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.
Home media
The DVD released by Optimum Releasing in 2007 is the only DVD available of Narrow Margin with any kind of extra features; it contains a commentary by Peter Hyams, B-Roll footage, a brief documentary, sound-bites by the cast and crew, and a trailer. All other DVD versions of the movie have been without features.
Kino Lorber released the film on Blu-ray on June 30, 2020 with a new 4K master, containing the previous features from the Optimum DVD and a new commentary from film historian/critic Peter Tonguette.
References
External links
1990 films
1990 action thriller films
1990 crime thriller films
1990s crime action films
1990s English-language films
American action thriller films
American crime action films
American crime thriller films
American neo-noir films
Carolco Pictures films
Films about lawyers
Films about witness protection
Films directed by Peter Hyams
Films set in Canada
Films set in Los Angeles
Films set on trains
Films shot in Alberta
Films shot in British Columbia
Films scored by Bruce Broughton
Films with screenplays by Peter Hyams
Remakes of American films
TriStar Pictures films
1990s American films
Kate Valentine may refer to:
Kate Spade (Katherine Noel Valentine Brosnahan Spade, 1962–2018), also known as Kate Valentine, American fashion designer and entrepreneur
Kate Valentine, fictional true identity of character Chloe Mitchell in the soap opera The Young and the Restless
Sister Kate Valentine, a fictional character in Japanese manga series Chrono Crusade
Alexei Osipov (born March 31, 1938, Belev, Tula oblast, Russia) - well known Russian Orthodox theologian, professor and lecturer from Moscow Orthodox Theological Seminary.  They are also a widely popular Orthodox pedagogue, publicist and defender of Russian Orthodoxy, being a slavophil, apologist of Eastern Christianity as based on teachings of Church Fathers and exposer of deficiencies of western Catholic teachings.
After finishing school they refused to enter any university and in home conditions they undertook the study of theology under the guidance of hegumen Nikon (Vorobyov) for 3 years. In 1958 they entered the 4th (final) grade of Moscow Theological Seminary, having passed exams for the previous three years. Next year they entered Moscow Theological Academy which they finished in 1963.
Since 1965 they have been a lecturer of basic theology, since 1975 - professor.
Books
in English:
Downloadable English translation (in Word Doc.) of Osipov´s "Soul´s life after death" (Posmertnaya Zhizn Dushi). Moscow: Danilovskiy Blagovestnik, 2005; 4th edition: Moscow, 2007.
The search for truth on the path of reason. Moscow: Sretensky Monastery and Pokrov Press, 2009.
in Russian:
Translation of the order of Morning and Evening Church services by the Greek service instruction book of 1951 in comparison with Russian synodal edition (manuscript, Library of Moscow Theological Academy).
The basics of theology (Osnovnoye bogosloviye). Course of lectures for students of Moscow Theological Academy. Moscow, 1994.
The search for truth on the path of reason. Moscow: Danilovskiy Blagovestnik, 1997.
Orthodox understanding of the meaning of life. Kyiv, 2001.
Soul's life after death (Posmertnaya Zhizn Dushi). Moscow: Danilovskiy Blagovestnik, 2005; 4th edition: Moscow, 2007.
External links
Videos, Audios, Books and Publications in English
Biography
Russian theologians
Moscow Theological Academy faculty
Eastern Orthodox theologians
1938 births
Living people
20th-century Eastern Orthodox theologians
21st-century Eastern Orthodox theologians
Rosdorf is a municipality in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. approx. 4 km southwest of Göttingen.
Mayors
Sören Steinberg (SPD) was elected the new mayor in May 2014, and re-elected in 2021.  They are the successor of Harald Grahovac (SPD) who was 18 years in office.
Before the election, Sören Steinberg was the office manager of Thomas Oppermann.
References
Göttingen (district)
Cornesia molytes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Kenya.
The wingspan is about 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream, almost entirely shining silver, suffused with greenish in the dorsal half. There are brown dots along the costa and dorsum. The pattern is green, edged with whitish green, accompanied by a costal more ochreous brown mark. The hindwings are grey.
References
Endemic moths of Kenya
Moths described in 1993
Tortricini
Moths of Africa
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The giant pitta (Hydrornis caeruleus) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae.
Distribution and habitat
The giant pitta is native to Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, and Thailand. It inhabits primary and tall secondary forest at elevations of up to . It appears to prefer densely vegetated, swampy areas, but has infrequently been reported from drier and secondary vegetation.
Conservation
The species is classified as Near Threatened by the IUCN. Total population size is unknown, but it is believed to be scarce to rare, and thought to be under pressure from rapid forest loss in its native habitat.
References
Hydrornis
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Malaysia
Birds of Borneo
Birds described in 1822
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aryan Lakra (born 13 December 2001) is an Emirati cricketer. They were named as the captain of the United Arab Emirates squad for the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They took twelve wickets in the six matches they played in the tournament.
In December 2020, they were one of ten cricketers to be awarded with a year-long part-time contract by the Emirates Cricket Board. In January 2021, they were named in the UAE's One Day International (ODI) squad to play against Ireland. In March 2022, Lakra was named in the UAE's ODI squad for the 2022 United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series. In August 2022, they were named in the United Arab Emirates' One Day International (ODI) squad for round 15 of the 2019–2023 ICC Cricket World Cup League 2 in Scotland. They made their ODI debut on 11 August 2022, against the United States. Later the same month, they were named in the United Arab Emirates' T20I squad for the 2022 Asia Cup qualifier. They made their T20I debut on 22 August 2022, against Singapore.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Emirati cricketers
United Arab Emirates One Day International cricketers
United Arab Emirates Twenty20 International cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Charlotte 49ers softball team represents University of North Carolina at Charlotte in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Conference USA. The 49ers are currently led by head coach Ashley Chastain. The team plays its home games at Sue M. Daughtridge Stadium located on the university's campus.
References
Conference USA softball
In rugby union, a player may mark a ball, which means that the player may catch it and cannot be tackled by rival players, and the marking player takes a free-kick at the position of the mark.
To mark a ball, the player must catch the ball inside their or their own team's twenty-two metre line. The mark is performed by a player (often the fullback), making a clean catch and shouting "Mark!". It is also common for the player to touch the ball on the ground or to hold up the ball with one hand to make their or their intentions clear to the referee and other players.
If for any reason, the player cannot take the kick within one minute, the marking team must take a scrum (and cannot otherwise choose a scrum). A ball may be marked if it has rebounded off the posts or crossbar. A mark may not be made from a kick-off.
After the marked ball is caught, the normal rules of a free kick apply, except in the case of a scrum option. A scrum from a mark should ideally be taken from the position of the mark, but must be at least five metres from touch. If the mark was made in the in-goal area, the scrum is taken five metres from the goal line on a line running through the mark parallel to the touch line but always at least five metres from the touch line.
If a player from the opposing team charges the marking player after the call of "Mark!", then the team will be awarded a penalty kick taken from the position of the mark, unless the infringing player was offside, in which case the penalty will be given from the offside line.
History
For much of rugby's history, a mark could be made anywhere on the field, but under more stringent conditions: the marking player had to have both feet on the ground at the time of calling "Mark!", the defending side were allowed to advance as far as the mark in defending against the subsequent kick, and the kick itself had to propel the ball at least as far forward as the mark (in conjunction with the second stipulation, this effectively prevented the marking side from keeping possession with a tap-kick). However, under these restrictions a goal could be attempted. In the 1970s the mark was changed to the definition given above, except that it could be made anywhere in the defending side's 22; it is no longer a requirement that the marking player have both feet on the ground.
Other football codes
The mark in rugby is similar to the fair catch in American football. The fair catch kick is still an option following a fair catch in the National Football League and high school football rule books but is not mandatory and rarely used due to strategic disadvantages; it has been stricken from the college football rulebook.
Marks are used in Australian Football as well. Although the difference is, that marks are taken all over the ground and is one of the most important skills.
See also
Free kick
Fair catch
Goal from mark
Garryowen
References
Rugby league terminology
Rugby union terminology
First Person View, or FPV, drone racing, is a sport where participants control "drones" (typically small radio-controlled aircraft or quadcopters), equipped with cameras while wearing head-mounted displays showing the live stream camera feed from the drones. Similar to full size air racing, the goal is to complete a set course as quickly as possible. Drone racing began in Germany in 2011 with a number of amateur pilots getting together for semi-organized races in Karlsruhe.
Technology
FPV (first person view) flying means that pilots only see what the drone sees. This is accomplished by live streaming footage from a camera mounted on the nose of the drone. The image is transmitted as analog video (typically 2.4 GHz or 5.8 GHz frequency, 1.3 GHz for distant transmission) to goggles or monitor worn by the pilot. The remote control, drone, and goggles are all connected via radio and must transmit with sufficient speed and reliability to allow effective control. FPV goggles on the market range from $40 to $800, with the more expensive goggles offering more and better features. Some of these features include a wide field of view (FOV), receiver diversity, digital HD video, head tracking, multiple frequency settings, band settings and DVR (digital video recorder) recording functionality.
While the pilot always requires goggles, some drone racing organizations insist they should also be used among spectators alike by simply switching the frequency to the channel of the racer one wants to watch, although this can only be done with drones with analog video transmission, as digital transmission is usually a one-to-one pairing to the pilot. Any drone could be used to race, however competitive FPV racing leagues require drones to meet certain standards.
MultiGP, defines community produced specifications and allows participants to supply their own drones increasing competitiveness and innovation. For competition, aircraft are typically separated into classes, separating winged craft from rotorcraft; and also categorizing by size and power.
The Drone Racing League (DRL) makes all of the drones used in its events in house; pilots are supplied with drones, backup drones, and parts by the league itself, not independently.
DR1 Racing, utilizes an open spec class format that relies on each team in the series to supply their own drones, goggles and gear. Recently they added the Pro Class racing drone, which is currently the largest competitive drone racing format in the world.
Racing drones are designed for speed and agility, as opposed to a photography/video drones which are focused more on hovering and stable filming. A photography quadcopter design will typically have four motors configured in an X-pattern, all equally spaced apart. A racing model will typically have its four motors configured in an H-pattern configured to thrust the drone forward, not up. Another specific characteristic of drone racing is the number of propeller's blades. 3-blade or 4-blade (instead of 2-blade) propellers have a shorter diameter allowing for a smaller frame with increased acceleration and maneuverability capabilities. Because of their light weight and electric motors with large amounts of torque, drones can accelerate and maneuver with great speed and agility. This makes for very sensitive controls and requires a pilot with quick reaction times and a steady hand. Racing drones also have their cameras situated at the front of the drone, since the drone always flies forwards, and the pilot needs to be able to navigate. Photography usually have high quality cameras situated underneath the drone body with a gimbal, which allows the drone film from above while hovering.
BMW held the Drone Racing League's 2018 Semi Finals race at their automobile museum, the BMW Welt, in Munich, Germany and sold out the event with 3,000 fans.
Course design
MultiGP provides community standards for their chapters to safely design their own courses and also generates individual pilot competition through their Universal Time Trial Track program which ranks pilots worldwide on standard measured courses.
DRL creates complex, three-dimensional racecourses in locations internationally. The Sci-Fi inspired tracks stretch around a mile-long.
DR1 Racing's Champions Series is an outdoor racing circuit, flying in iconic locations around the world. Each location or race uses a mixture of environmental and manmade elements to create the course. The courses for the 2017 season include the Trona Pinnacles, the Mojave Boneyard at the Mojave Air and Spaceport, the DHL Bonn Post Tower, Bunowen Castle in Ireland, Spike Island, and Isle of Man TT. DR1's Micro Series uses indoor locations, with thematic elements.
Others such as the U.S. National Drone Racing Championship tend to conduct their races in open areas with less catastrophic obstacles (flags and cones vs. walls and tunnels). [5]
Major Organizations
FPV racing organizations create regulations and rules to offer a fair race among its pilots.
MultiGP – MultiGP is the only organization with chapters all around the world. MultiGP governs and sanctions drone racing events internationally. Official Special Interest Group of the Academy of Model Aeronautics for first person view racing. The organization is a drone racing league which hosts frequent competition-based tournaments, free-fly gatherings and casual events.
Drone Racing League (or DRL) (For Profit) is a television program where invited pilots are filmed competing in drone races. Pilots are invited to participate in several races as part of the DRL's global racing circuit. The races are filmed and edited into hour-long episodes that air on ESPN, SKY Sports and others. DRL is viewable in over 75 countries across the world and was set to broadcast their third season in 2018.
Airspeeder is the world's first racing series for manned electric flying cars. Alauda will provide teams with identical craft, known as ‘Speeders'. Teams will then be given the freedom to set drivers and create strategy. Races will take place in remote locations across the globe. The speeders are manned racing electric quadcopters that can fly at speeds of up to 200 km/h. DHL is the series' global logistics partner and EQUALS is Airpseeder's FX partner.
Freespace Drone Racing (Previously known as Freedom Class) – is the world's first giant drone racing league. The aircraft are the largest and most powerful racing drones ever built, designed specifically as a spectator sport. With successful tests occurring throughout 2016 and 2017, the first international series is set to take place in late 2020. Freespace also operates the FS500, a mid-size (500mm) racing drone, geared for live spectators and live broadcast, as a steppingstone for professional pilots getting into giant drone racing The FAI partnered with Freespace Drone Racing in 2017 to professionalize the drone racing industry, across multiple international events, including the 2018 Barcelona Drone Racing World Cup.
Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) – World governing body for air sports. Recognized by the International Olympic Committee. The Federation coordinates the organization of the FAI Drone Racing World Cup and the FAI World Drone Racing Championship.
Drone Sports Association (DSA) (For Profit) – The Drone Sports Association (Formerly RotorSports) was the oldest drone racing and drone sports organization worldwide.
International Drone Racing Association (IDRA) (For Profit) – The International Drone Racing Association is a professional racing organization that sanctions and governs multiple drone racing events
Drone Champions League (DCL) (For Profit) – Seven permanent teams with at least four pilots fly in the DCL. The teams at the races are complemented by local wild card teams. 2018 is the 3rd season of the DCL and so far, three races have been held, two more will follow. The DCL is sponsored by Breitling as official timekeeper, Red Bull and Trilux. The Drone Champions League races are broadcast live.
Past major events
2020 FAI Drone Racing World Championship, was placed on hold due to COVID-19 and no official rankings and awards were given.
2019 FAI 2nd Drone Racing World Championship, was again held in China at Xiangshan Ningbo. The winner was from South Korea. Changhyeon Kang (16 years of age) won over former champion Thomas Bitmatta.
2018 FAI 1st Drone Racing World Championship, held in Shenzhen, China. This event was broadcast live across multiple channels, including the Olympic Channel. The race was won by a 17-year-old Australian, over 128 competitors from 34 countries.
2017 DR1 Racing's DHL Champions Series Fueled by Mountain Dew. This team-based drone racing series consisted of 6 races in locations around the world. The Finals of this racing series were held on the Isle of Man TT, and aired on CBS and Eurosport. The broadcast of the Series Finals on CBS drew the largest audience ever for a professional drone race on network television, grabbing a 0.4 share and 559,000 viewers.
2016 World Drone Prix, Dubai – World's biggest and most lucrative drone race, with a total prize fund of US$1 million.
2016 U.S. National Drone Racing Championships Presented by GoPro New York – The second annual event was held August 7 on New York City's Governor's Island. 145 pilots competed in the event for a total prize purse of $57,000.
2016 MultiGP National Championships, Indiana – The second annual event was held at the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) headquarters in Muncie Indiana on September 4, 2016. Over 140 pilots arrived on-site to battle for this Championship event and a chance at the $15,000 prize purse.
2016 World Drone Racing Championships took place October 20–22 in Kualoa Ranch, Island of Oahu, Hawaii, USA
In 2016, TOS Asia Cup Shanghai and China Drone National was the largest FPV Drone Racing in Asia over 140 registered pilots and 15 countries participated the event.
The 2016 DR1 Invitational was the most watched drone racing event of the year, airing on Discovery Channel and Eurosport broadcasting in over 70 countries around the world. The race was held in Sepulveda Dam where pilots navigated through the dam's opening as well as various gates on the course.
2015 US Fat Shark National Drone Racing Championships, California – The first annual U.S. National Drone Racing Championships were held in 2015. This event was held in a stadium at the California State Fair. The prize for winning the competition was $25,000 and was competed for by over 100 competitors. Chad Nowak, an Australian, won all three events including the individual time trial, was on the winning team trial squad, and won the freestyle trick event. This gave them the title of 2015 Drone Racing National Champion.
Events and venues
United States
The U.S. National Drone Racing Championship took place at the 2015 California State Fair. It was a 2-day event with a $25,000 cash prize that attracted over 120 competitors. This was the first event like this in the US, however other countries such as France, Australia and the UK had previously held similar events.
In 2016, the annual MultiGP Championship was held at the Academy of Model Aeronautics' headquarters in Muncie, Indiana where over 120 pilots competed by qualifying through the MultiGP Regional Series which consists of qualifying events and regional finals in 15 regions across the United States.
MultiGP is a global, professional, drone racing league with over 1000 chapters internationally including locations such as Australia, Asia, South Africa and Europe. There are no other drone racing leagues with the amount of registered pilots found within our community.
United Kingdom
The British Drone Racing League (BDRL) has recently setup and will operate a number of professional events. These events are currently being organized and will follow compliance from the CAA.
Funding
DRL is the only league so far that has established major outside sources of funding. DRL has raised more than $30mm in venture capital backing from entities across the sports, technology and media space. Some notable investors include: Sky, Liberty Media (also owners of Formula 1), MGM, CAA, Hearst, WWE, Lux Capital, and RSE Ventures. In addition, DRL has a number of high-profile sponsors, including Allianz, BMW, the US Air Force, and Swatch. It also has other lines of business, including a licensing deal with Toy State, a toy manufacturing company best known for their Nikko remote control car line. Finally, DRL has content licensing deals with networks around the world including ESPN and Disney XD in the United States, Sky Sports in the UK, OSN in the middle east, and the Fox Sports in Asia. This funding has been crucial to the development of the league, and allows them to advertise and hold their races in better venues that will attract larger crowds.
Other smaller and less established leagues have found it difficult to find funding. At events like the one held at the California State Fair, funding comes from the state and from ticket sales at the event. Along with the difficulties of finding funding, it creates problems of finding good venues that create a challenge for the pilots and also have key turns and straightaways adding to the exhilaration of these events. US Army veteran Brett Velicovich has been involved in the launch of drone racing at the Dew Tour. Outside of DRL, and DR1 which has Mountain Dew as a sponsor, most smaller events are sponsored by FPV manufacturers such as Fat Shark, ImmersionRC and HobbyKing, DYS, T-Motor, EMAX, Team Black Sheep (TBS).
Simulators
Drone racing can be also simulated on computers via drone flight simulators such as Velocidrone, Liftoff, neXt, DRL Simulator, etc. Players can use game controllers such as an Xbox or PlayStation controller. Some radio real radio controllers support plug and play as well.
Publications
Magazines
RotorDrone Pro Magazine.
Podcasts
FPV Podcast – The first podcast to cover drone racing, pilots and key people growing the FPV Community.
Failsafe Weekly Podcast – podcast run by the following FPV pilots: Sweepings, Konasty, and Mr Steele.
References
Unmanned aerial vehicles
Air racing
Games and sports introduced in 2013
2010s fads and trends
Sayyid Abdul Latif (1853 – July 14, 1903) or Sahibzada Abdul Latif among the Ahmadiyya Movement in Islam, was the Royal Advisor to Abdur Rahman Khan and Habibullah Khan, the father and son kings of Afghanistan between the late 19th century and early 20th century. It is believed that Abdul Latif helped King Abdur Rahman Khan during the negotiation of the Durand Line Agreement with the British India in 1893. In 1902 they became a follower of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad and is remembered as one of the first martyrs of the Ahmadiyya movement.
Background
Abdul Latif was born in a village called Sayed Ga in what is now Khost Province of Afghanistan It is claimed that through their father, Sahibzada Mohammad Sharif, they are a descendant of Ali Hujwiri, a scholar during the 11th century who is buried in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan Some referred to Abdul Latif by the title Raees-e-Kabul. They had thousands of pupils all over Afghanistan and students came to them from far regions of Central Asia
They were a learned man, fluent in Persian, Pashto, and Arabic. It is also claimed that they owned a large piece of land in Khost Province. Abdul Latif is often called the Sayyed-ul-Shuhada (leader of the Martyrs) within the Ahmadiyya Movement in Islam. They had visited Hoshiarpur, and frequented Deoband a city and a municipal board in Saharanpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh India. It is famous for its 'Dar ul Uloom, about from Delhi.
Abdul Latif was an eminent member of the Ulama of Afghanistan. They had great influence on the Afghan kings and its darbar; as claimed by Zahoor Ahmad, they had the honour to place the Amir's crown on the head of Habibullah Khan themselves on the eve of their coronation in 1901.
At the time when the British were attempting to set the limit of King Abdur Rahman Khan's political sphere of influence, Abdul Latif and Sardar Shireendil Khan were chosen to represent the Afghan side.
In 1889 Abdul Latif heard about Mirza Ghulam Ahmad of Qadian, British India, who claimed to be the Promised Messiah and Imam Mahdi. They sent one of their pupils, Maulvi Abdur Rahman, to British India on a secret mission. Abdur Rahman returned after having accepted Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, and joining the Ahmadiyya Movement in Islam, bringing with them some books written by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad for them to read. After Abdul Latif read one of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad's books, they joined the Ahmadiyya Movement in Islam.
Death and legacy
In 1902, Abdul Latif asked Habibullah Khan for permission to make pilgrimage to Hajj in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. The King granted them permission and even presented them with a reasonable sum for their expenses. Abdul Latif reached Lahore in October 1902 accompanied by some of their pupils. On arrival, they discovered that a plague had spread in India and the Ottoman Government had imposed restrictions on people coming from British India. Instead of going for Hajj as they told the king they would do, Abdul Latif decided to visit British India to meet Mirza Ghulam Ahmad. They publicly announced their allegiance to the Ahmadiyya movement, offering Bay'ah to Mirza Ghulam Ahmad in Qadian.
When the news spread that Abdul Latif was a follower of the new Ahmadiyya Movement in Islam, Habibullah Khan, on the order of religious clerics, charged them with apostasy; at the time, this carried the death penalty in Afghanistan. On 14 July 1903, Abdul Latif was sentenced to death after it was learned that they were mentally fit and that they willingly became a follower of the Ahmadiyya movement. It is believed that they did not surrender their beliefs for the Afghan government, although they were asked multiple times that if they denied Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, they would not be executed. It is claimed that Abdul Latif replied in response "I am carrying the chains, shackles and handcuffs for the sake of the prophet Muhammad and to me they are like ornaments. I am walking briskly because I am impatient for a rendezvous with my Master." Thereafter, the Afghan government carried on with their execution.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community claim that they were buried half underground and stoned to death, which was the common form of execution at the time. According to the Ahmadiyya Movement in Islam, they are the first recognized martyr for its cause. Mirza Ghulam Ahmad has written books on them and their stoning. It is reported that a total of about three Ahmadiyya Muslims executions were carried out in Kabul between 1901 and 1924.
See also
Ahmadiyya in Afghanistan
Persecution of Ahmadiyya
Sahibzada Abdul Qayyum
Durand line
FATA
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
References
Afghan Ahmadis
Durand Line
Executed Afghan people
People executed for heresy
20th-century executions by Afghanistan
People executed by stoning
1853 births
1903 deaths
Sonia Handelman Meyer (February 12, 1920 – September 11, 2022) was an American photographer, best known for their street photography as a member of the New York Photo League.
Early life
Meyer was born in Lakewood Township, New Jersey in 1920. They were in the first graduating class of Queens College, New York in 1941. They discovered photography in 1942 while they were a civilian worker at Fort Buchanan, Puerto Rico for the U.S. Army Signal Corps.
Career
Returning to New York in the 1940s, Meyer was a member of the New York Photo League from 1943 to 1951, as a both photographer and secretary. Following World War II, they photographed Jewish Holocaust survivors in New York. They participated in the 1949 exhibition This is the Photo League.
After the dissolution of the Photo League in 1951, Meyer's work went largely unrecognized until 2006 when it was rediscovered by a gallery owner in Charlotte, North Carolina.
In 2014 the Mint Museum in Charlotte presented the exhibition Bearing Witness: The New York Photo League and Sonia Handelman Meyer. In 2019 they were included in the exhibition Modern Women: Modern Vision, Works from the Bank of America Collection at the Tampa Museum of Art.
Personal life and death
Mayer died in Charlotte, North Carolina on September 11, 2022, at the age of 102.
Collections
Meyer's work is held in the following permanent collections:
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York: 1 print (as of December 2019)
Jewish Museum, New York: 3 prints (as of December 2019)
Mint Museum, Charlotte, North Carolina
References
External links
1920 births
2022 deaths
20th-century American photographers
20th-century American women artists
20th-century women photographers
21st-century American women
Street photographers
Photographers from New Jersey
Queens College, City University of New York alumni
American women photographers
People from Lakewood Township, New Jersey
American centenarians
Women centenarians
United States Army personnel of World War II
Shaheedanwali is a village and Union Council of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is situated 04 km east of the district capital - Mandi Bahauddin , 4 km west of the town of Chillianwala.and 4 km south of the town of Mong. The population of Shaheedanwali is about 28,000.
Shaheedanwali is a well-cultivated area; the main crops are wheat, rice , sugar cane and different Vegetables. Most people are farmers and government servants. A Govt. Boys primary school and Govt. Girls primary was established. Govt. Girls primary has been converted into a high school and Govt Boys Primary School has been converted into middle school.
References
Villages in Mandi Bahauddin District
Union councils of Mandi Bahauddin District
Petros Geromichalos (alternate spellings: Peter) (; born June 9, 1994) is a Greek professional basketball player and the team captain for Lavrio of the Greek Basket League. They can play at either the center or power forward positions, with power forward being their main position.
Youth career
Geromichalos started playing basketball in Thessaloniki, with the junior teams of Aris Thessaloniki, where they stayed until 2013. With Aris' junior club, they won the Greek junior league.
Professional career
After Aris, Geromichalos joined Machites Doxas Pefkon, where they played in the semi-pro level Greek 3rd division, and became the best scorer of the team. They began their pro career in 2015, when they joined Promitheas Patras of the Greek 2nd Division. With Promitheas, they played in the top-tier level Greek Basket League, for the first time, in the 2016–17 season.
On August 16, 2019, Geromichalos signed with Ionikos Nikaias. Their stint in Nikaia was brief, as they were subsequently moved to Lavrio on September 23 of the same year, on a loan spell from Promitheas.
On July 24, 2020, Geromichalos renewed their contract with Lavrio for another season. During the very successful for the club 2020-21 season, they averaged 6.2 points, 3.5 rebounds, 1.9 assists, and 0.6 steals per contest, in 20 games total. On July 7, 2021, Geromichalos renewed their contract with Lavrio for another year. In 22 league games during the 2021-22 campaign, Geromichalos averaged 4.9 points, 3.2 rebounds, 1.8 assists and 0.6 steals, playing around 19 minutes per contest.
Geromichalos was named team captain before the start of the 2022-2023 season, following the departures of Vassilis Mouratos and Dimitris Kaklamanakis.
References
External links
FIBA Champions League Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
RealGM.com Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
1994 births
Living people
Greek men's basketball players
Machites Doxas Pefkon B.C. players
Basketball players from Larissa
Power forwards (basketball)
Lavrio B.C. players
Promitheas Patras B.C. players
Pottawatomie County (standard abbreviation: PT) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 25,348. The county seat is Westmoreland. The county takes its name from the Potawatomi tribe of Native Americans.
History
Early history
For millennia, the Great Plains of North America were inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th to 18th centuries, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, by the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized under the provisions of the Kansas–Nebraska Act, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
In 1857, Pottawatomie County was established by the Kansas Territorial legislature, out of land formerly included in Riley County. The present county seat of Westmoreland was selected by a vote held in 1882.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Marshall County (north)
Nemaha County (northeast)
Jackson County (east)
Shawnee County (southeast)
Wabaunsee County (south)
Riley County (west)
Demographics
Pottawatomie County is part of the Manhattan Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the census of 2000, there were 18,209 people, 6,771 households, and 4,929 families residing in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 7,311 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.32% White, 0.66% Black or African American, 0.59% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.60% from other races, and 1.50% from two or more races. 2.26% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,771 households, out of which 36.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.40% were married couples living together, 7.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.20% were non-families. 23.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.50% under the age of 18, 7.70% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 21.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,176, and the median income for a family was $47,261. Males had a median income of $31,368 versus $23,238 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,785. About 6.40% of families and 9.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.10% of those under age 18 and 10.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Typical of rural Kansas, Pottawatomie County is mostly Republican. The only Democratic presidential candidate to gain a majority in Pottawatomie County has been Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932, while since 1940 only Lyndon Johnson in 1964 has received so much as forty percent of the county's vote.
Laws
Pottawatomie County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
The Unified School Districts that serve Pottawatomie County include:
Wamego USD 320
Kaw Valley USD 321
Onaga USD 322
Rock Creek USD 323
School district office in neighboring county
Riley County USD 378
Manhattan–Ogden USD 383
Blue Valley USD 384
Private schools
St. Marys Academy & College (St. Marys)
Flint Hills Christian School (Manhattan)
Communities
Cities
Belvue
Emmett
Havensville
Louisville
Manhattan, mainly in Riley County
Olsburg
Onaga
St. George
St. Marys
Wamego
Westmoreland (county seat)
Wheaton
Prior to the creation of Tuttle Creek Lake, the town of Garrison existed in west central Pottawatomie County.
Townships
Pottawatomie County is divided into twenty-three townships. The city of Manhattan is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pottawatomie County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
Handbook of Pottawatomie and Riley Counties, Kansas; Modern Ago; 20 pages; 1880s.
Standard Atlas of Pottawatomie County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 57 pages; 1905.
Onaga Courier's Township Map of Pottawatomie County, Kansas; Onaga Courier; 59 pages; 1899.
External links
County
Pottawatomie County - Directory of Public Officials
Pottawatomie County Economic Development Corporation - PCEDC
Maps
Pottawatomie County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1857 establishments in Kansas Territory
Manhattan, Kansas metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1857
This is a list of all aircraft (fixed-wing and rotary-wing) obtained or operated by the Argentine Naval Aviation since its formation. For the current inventory please refer to the main article.
Fixed-wing aircraft
Rotary-wing aircraft
See also
Argentine Naval Aviation
Argentine air forces in the Falklands War
List of aircraft of the Argentine Air Force
List of active aircraft of the Argentine Air Force
List of aircraft of the Argentine Army Aviation
References
Notes
Bibliography
Naval Aviation inventory 1912-80, at HISTARMAR
Aircraft list, at Naval Aviation Institute
Historia de la Aviación Naval Argentina Escuadrilla Aeronaval Antisubmarina (Antisubmarine Naval Squadron) PDF book
Online sources
Escuadrillas de Helicópteros Navales, Histarmar
Transportes Navales, Histarmar
Further reading
Aircraft specific bibliography
External links
Argentine Navy official site
MUAN Official Naval Aviation Museum
Argentine Navy videos from ARA Independencia and ARA 25 de Mayo aircraft carriers
Naval Aviation
Argentine Naval Aviation
Argentine Naval Aviation
Senjeduiyeh () may refer to:
Senjeduiyeh, Shahr-e Babak, Kerman Province
Campeones de la vida (Champions of life) is a Mexican telenovela produced by TV Azteca in 2006 starring Gabriel Porras, Ana Seradilla and Luis Ernesto Franco. It is a remake of the Argentine telenovela of the same name.
Cast
Gabriel Porras
Ana Seradilla ... Isabel
Luis Ernesto Franco
Martha Mariana Castro
Hector Bonilla
Jesus Ochoa
Mayra Rojas
Gabriela Canudas ... Bety
Paco de la O ... Eugenio
Anna Ciochetti ... Miriam
Laura Luz ... Ana Maria
Hernan Mendoza ... Pedro Chaparro
Gabriela Roel
Carla Carillo
Marimar Vega
Hector Kotsifakis
Juan C. Martin del Campo
Fernando Alonso
Adrian Rubio
Guillermo Larrea
Humberto Bua
Mayra Sierra
Patricia Garza
Alfredo Herrera
Tizoc Arroyo
Antonio Gaona
Ursula Pruneda
Juan David Penagos
References
2006 telenovelas
2006 Mexican television series debuts
2006 Mexican television series endings
Mexican telenovelas
TV Azteca telenovelas
Mexican television series based on Argentine television series
Spanish-language telenovelas
Polyortha maculata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Ecuador.
References
Moths described in 1999
Polyortha
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
National Highway 383, commonly called NH 383 is a national highway in India. It is a spur road of National Highway 83. NH-383 traverses the state of Tamil Nadu in India. The route of national highway has been extended from Kottampatty to Karaikudi.
Route
Dindigul, Kosavapatti, Sanarpatti, Gopalpatti, Natham, Samuthirapatti, Kottampatty, Tiruppathur, Karaikkudi.
Junctions
Terminal near Dindigul.
near Natham.
near Kottampatty.
Terminal near Karaikudi.
See also
List of National Highways in India by highway number
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 383 on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Tamil Nadu
Pitch drop-back is the phenomena by which an aircraft which is perturbed in flight path angle from its trim position by a step input exhibits an output which is indicative of a second order system.
A pilot who actuates an elevator input may find that the aircraft then "droops" or "drops back" to a position further toward the start position. The phenomenon is particularly marked in tilt-rotor aircraft. Pitch drop-back may be controlled using a Stability Augmentation System or Stability Control and Augmentation System.
References
Aerospace engineering
Lucie Hradecká and František Čermák were the defending champions, but Čermák chose not to participate this year. Hradecká played alongside Mariusz Fyrstenberg but lost in the second round to the eventual champions Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Jean-Julien Rojer.
Anna-Lena Grönefeld and Jean-Julien Rojer defeated Julia Görges and Nenad Zimonjić 4–6, 6–2, [10–7] in the final.
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Draw
2014 French Open – Doubles draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Mixed Doubles
French Open by year – Mixed doubles
Pusheta Creek is a stream located entirely within Auglaize County, Ohio. The long stream is a tributary of the Auglaize River.
Pusheta Creek was named after an Indian chief who settled there.
See also
List of rivers of Ohio
References
Rivers of Auglaize County, Ohio
Rivers of Ohio
The Lodi News-Sentinel is a daily newspaper based in Lodi, California, United States, and serving northern San Joaquin and southern Sacramento counties.
History
The Lodi News-Sentinel was founded in 1881 by Ralph Ellis, a former sheriff, farmer and flourmill operator. Ownership has changed over the years from Ralph Ellis to Samuel B. Axtell to Fordyce P. Roper and George H. Moore, to Clyde C. Church, and to Fred E. Weybret. On June 1, 2015, the paper was sold to Central Valley News-Sentinel Inc., led by veteran newspaper publisher Steven Malkowich. The new owners have newspaper assets in the United States and Canada, including several in California.
The newspaper has occupied many sites, moving eight times since its debut in 1881. The current site at 125 N. Church Street was formerly occupied by the Bethel Open Bible Church when Fred Weybret moved the newspaper in 1968. A $1.3 million remodel and expansion was completed in 1992.
The newspaper is printed five days per week and delivered to nearly 15,000 homes throughout Lodi, Galt, Woodbridge, Lockeford, Clements, Acampo and Thornton. An additional 8,000 readers follow the newspaper's publication online via the newspaper's website. Today, the newspaper employs approximately 85 employees.
Discover Lodi, an annual publication of the Lodi News-Sentinel, is a guide and website for visitors to Lodi that highlights the region's wine production.
The Lodi News-Sentinel also publishes a monthly lifestyle magazine, Life and Leisure.
References
Daily newspapers published in California
Lodi, California
Mass media in San Joaquin County, California
Publications established in 1881
1881 establishments in California
Artem Stolyarov (; born 28 September 1989), known professionally as Arty (stylized as ΛRTY) and Alpha 9, is a Russian DJ, musician and producer. They have collaborated with Armin van Buuren, Above & Beyond, BT, Paul van Dyk, Mat Zo, OneRepublic and Matisse & Sadko. Their debut album, Glorious (2015), peaked at number 14 on the US Dance/Electronic Albums charts.
Early life
At the age of eight years old, Arty's grandmother insisted that they should attend music school, from which they successfully graduated aged just fourteen. After that they considered applying for music college, but eventually decided against it, as the chance of becoming a professional pianist was really small and because they no longer enjoyed playing. Instead they learned to use FL Studio sequencer, and their love of video games and electronics led to their keen interest in production equipment. Eventually, they began to be influenced by artists such as The Prodigy, The Chemical Brothers and The Crystal Method. After graduating from the Saratov State University with a degree in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science, Arty decided to seriously commit to electronic music.
Career
2009–11: Early releases
Arty's debut release, "Inside of Me" / "Flip Flop" with Misha Kitone was followed by the EP Vanilla Sky, which appeared on the label Enhanced Music and brought them to the attention of many world-renowned DJs. The Enhanced Progressive label was the first to sign Arty as an artist. Their single "Bliss" appeared on the track listing of A State of Trance by Armin van Buuren in late 2009 and their breakthrough came later that year when Above & Beyond signed them to Anjunabeats. They featured their singles "Rush" and "The Wonder" in their club sets and on their radio show Trance Around the World. Following that, Arty released "Trio" with Matisse & Sadko on Axwell's Axtone label in 2011.
Arty also released "Bliss" (2009) and "Come Home" (2010) on Ferry Corsten's label, Flashover Recordings under their alias Alpha 9.
Following their release on Axtone Records in 2011, Arty collaborated with fellow Anjunabeats-signed artist Mat Zo and their first joint production "Rebound" was released on 19 April 2011 as Anjunabeats' 200th single. The song was voted 'Webvote Winner' on three straight occasions in the radio show Trance Around the World. At the anniversary party for ASOT 500 of Armin van Buuren's radio show A State of Trance on 9 April 2011 in Den Bosch, the two DJs played together on the Main Floor alongside other well-established DJs such as Markus Schulz, Above & Beyond, Gareth Emery, and Armin van Buuren himself. Since then, Arty has played many worldwide clubs and festivals such as Electric Daisy Carnival, Tomorrowland, Creamfields, Ushuaia Ibiza, XS Encore Las Vegas, and Amnesia Ibiza.
2014–15: Glorious
In 2014, Arty became the first Russian musician to sign with the American Insomniac record label and on 9 October 2015, they released their debut album Glorious on Insomniac Records. Arty has had countless releases on labels such as Enhanced Progressive, Vandit Records, Insomniac Records, Anjunabeats, Spinnin', Axtone, and Revealed. On 9 May 2016, Arty released "Bloodfire", a bass house-influenced big room track which was a deviation from their typical progressive trance releases on Hardwell's label Revealed Recordings. On 6 June 2016, they released an electro house track on label Anjunabeats titled "Distorted Love". Arty then collaborated with producer Andrew Bayer to release "Follow The Light" on 8 June 2016, which was their third release on Anjunabeats for the year.
2017–present: Alpha 9 and recent releases
In 2017, Arty officially revived their trance side project titled Alpha 9, which has been inactive since 2010. Together with releasing trance track "This Night Is Ours" on 3 February 2017, Arty posted a letter on Facebook written to their listeners. "Closer to the end of last year[2016] I noticed how much my music was different from what I've done in the past, and I felt like I had been neglecting my long-time fans and it didn't feel fair. And that's how I came up with idea of bringing the Alpha 9 alias back," wrote Arty in their letter.
They then moved towards the tropical house genre with their release of single "Falling Down" featuring American singer Maty Noyes on 27 February 2017. The track also features a 'Night Mix' version where "Falling Down" is mixed into a future bass track for festival play. Arty collaborated with Korean American K-pop singer Eric Nam to release "Idea Of You" on 9 June 2017, which marks Arty's first venture into pop music. On 7 September 2017, they released "Supposed to Be" on Martin Garrix's record label, Stmpd Rcrds. "Working on this record was an unbelievable experience. The lyrics are so meaningful and powerful that I wanted to make sure that all of the instruments I was using were reflecting the overall significance of the song," stated Arty when asked about the track.
Arty's first release of 2018, "You and I", was released under their Alpha 9 alias on 12 January 2018. They released "Sunrise" on 19 January 2018, which marks their second release on label Armada Music since their collaboration, "Nehalennia", with Armin van Buuren in 2013. "It's important for me to continue making the music I enjoy the most and 'Sunrise' definitely falls into that category. It's both a milestone and an incredibly important track in my career as I get back to my Progressive House roots," wrote Arty along with the track's release. Arty released "Rain" through Armada Music on 30 March 2018. "No Going Back", a collaboration produced under Alpha 9 with Spencer Brown, was released on 5 April 2018, followed by "All We Need" on 20 April 2018. They released melodic house track "Couldn't Be Better" on 11 May 2018.
Arty released a tribute song for Swedish producer Avicii, who died in April 2018, titled "Tim" on 27 July 2018. The song paid homage to Avicii's original piano-based sounds which had driven them to success, which was also used by Arty in their earlier tracks "Kate" and "Rebound". Next, Arty released "Perfect Strangers" through Armada Music on 28 September 2018, a track they have labelled as one of their "favourite" songs to produce within the year. On 9 November 2018, Arty released trance single "Never Letting Go" with Audien through Anjunabeats, marking their first release on the label since 2016. The song was produced in three years, after multiple musical rejections on approaching the track.
They released "Save Me Tonight" on 25 January 2019, which based on Arty was influenced by progressive and house music. The track's music video was directed by American actor Noah Centineo and featured English-American actor Lily Collins, with the video's storyline narrating a revenge plot by Collin's and Noah's characters against a group of school bullies.
Awards and recognition
In 2010, Arty appeared in the Top 100 DJs selection of DJ Magazine, where they featured at number 78. In 2011, Arty climbed 53 spots to position 25 on the list but moved down three spots in 2012 to take 28th. At the International Dance Music Awards 2011, they were nominated in the category Best Breakthrough DJ but the award went to Afrojack. In 2012, Arty was nominated twice for the IDMA's in the category for Best Trance Track for their collaboration with Paul van Dyk on "The Ocean", and their collaboration with BT and Nadia Ali on the track "This Must Be the Love". In 2013, they ranked 57th in DJ Mags Top 100, and in 2014, they also made the list at No. 99, despite having a quiet year. Arty appeared on the Fall 2013 cover of Vonnubi Press magazine along with a 10-page spread.
Discography Studio albums'''
Glorious (2015)
From Russia With Love'' (2020)
Notes
References
External links
Living people
People from Engels, Saratov Oblast
Russian trance musicians
Russian DJs
Russian record producers
Interscope Records artists
Progressive house musicians
Russian house musicians
Revealed Recordings artists
Stmpd Rcrds artists
1989 births
Electronic dance music DJs
Anjunabeats artists
Armada Music artists
John Anstis (17 November 1708 – 5 December 1754) was an officer of arms at the College of Arms in London.
Biography
Anstis was born in St Clement Danes, Westminster, and was the seventh child and eldest son of John Anstis and their wife, Elizabeth. They were educated at Westminster School and privately by Michael Maittaire. They graduated from Corpus Christi College, Oxford, in 1725. In May of that year they were made genealogist of the newly created Order of the Bath. On 6 October 1727, they were appointed Blanc Coursier Herald. This was a new office attached to that of the genealogist and first companion of the order; this creation was the work of their father, who had risen to the post of Garter Principal King of Arms. Later in 1727, Anstis was created joint Garter with their father and in 1733 they accompanied them to The Hague to invest the Prince of Orange with the Order of the Garter. In 1736 they were made a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London and they became the sole Garter King of Arms on their father's death in 1744. In 1749, they became a barrister of the Middle Temple, although they never practised law. The younger Anstis died a bachelor on 5 December 1754 at their house in Mortlake, Surrey, and was buried at Duloe, Cornwall.
Arms
See also
Heraldry
External links
The College of Arms
Heraldic List of Officers of Arms
References
Citations
Bibliography
John Anstis. The Register of the Most Noble Order of the Garter. (London, 1724).
Edward Cruickshanks. Anstis, John. Parliament Records (London, 1715–54).
Walter H Godfrey and Sir Anthony Wagner, The College of Arms, Queen Victoria Street: being the sixteenth and final monograph of the London Survey Committee. (London, 1963).
Mark Noble, A History of the College of Arms. (London, 1805).
Anthony Wagner and Albert Rowse. John Anstis: Garter King of Arms (London, 1992).
Nicolas, Nicholas H. History of the Orders of Knighthood of the British Empire, Vol III. (London, 1842).
Gandell, H.L. (January 1970). "Blanc Coursier's Tabard". The Coat of Arms XI (81): 11.
Sir Anthony Wagner. A Catalogue of English Mediaeval Rolls of Arms. Harleian Society (London, 1950).
Sir Anthony Wagner. Heralds of England: a History of the Office and College of Arms. (London, 1967).
1708 births
1754 deaths
Antiquarians from London
English genealogists
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
Members of the Middle Temple
English officers of arms
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Garter Principal Kings of Arms
People educated at Westminster School, London
Pawera is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4914 living in 538 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
All God's Creatures is an American romantic thriller feature-length film distributed by Osiris Entertainment that premiered at the 2011 Hoboken International Film Festival on June 4, 2011. The film was directed by Ryan Charles and Frank Licata (Nitty Gritty Studios), produced by Matt Jared (Sid and Nancy Productions), and written and produced by Josh Folan (NYEH Entertainment).
Plot
Jon, a man who hates women, brings a woman back to their apartment after a night out. They pour wine for them, but drugs Jeanie's and they pass out. They wrap them in a plastic tarp and places duct tape over their mouth and proceeds to stab them to death with a screw driver. They dismember their body, keeping their hand in a jar as a memento.
Jon is working as a barista when Delia comes in, flirts with him, and they imagine attacking them and quickly decides to make them their next victim. Jon goes out that evening and a prostitute offers them a "date", which they accept and then strangles them Delia works as an escort, and has taken out an ad online on Craigslist.
Delia comes back into the coffee shop and they flirt more. They ask them to take them out, and they go to a bar. Delia tells them they just moved to town and their parents are dead.  They are trying to save money so that they can bring their little sister, Lydia, to live with them They tell them they are a neat freak. At the end of the night, they are in front of the building Jon lives in. They want to come up to their place, but they make lame excuses why they cannot. Delia gets their phone number and leaves. Jon calls an escort to come over, and they hit them with a hammer, killing them
Back at the coffee shop, Jon anxiously watches for Delia to come in and is disappointed when they do not and goes to their apartment. They invite them to go to the movies with him. At the coffee shop again, Jon asks Delia to come behind the counter and they make prank calls. They remember they have an appointment with a client at a hotel. Jon is visibly upset that they left, goes home and clears out the jars of body parts and paints the walls.
Delia goes to an appointment with a career counselor who offers them a job as an elevator operator. They walk by the coffee shop and sees that Jon is not there. They call Lydia and leaves a voicemail telling them to get some things together and that they are going to go get them Jon calls and says they wanted to surprise them by cooking their dinner since they feel bad about standing them up the night before.  They are about to tell them they cannot go, but changes them mind.
At Jon's place, Delia excitedly tells them about their new job, and they accidentally spill wine onto the carpet. They look at them enraged, but laughs about it and they begin to make out and then go to their bedroom to have sex. While they are waiting for Delia to pick them up, Lydia's stepfather has figured out their plan to run away and tells them they won't let them go and they rape them The next morning, Jon makes Delia breakfast in bed, but they say they have to leave. Jon is insulted when they tell them what they did was special to him, and it was not to them
After they leaf, Jon continues to call them on the phone, but they don't answer. Delia arrives at the house to get Lydia, and finds their body in the bathtub and sees that they have committed suicide. Jon goes out to a bar that evening and gets drunk. A girl hits on him, thinking they are a professional baseball player for The Mets and they take their home with him. They strangle them to death as they have sex on the couch.
Delia walks in and not being sure what they saw, Jon grabs them and covers their mouth. They let them go and they ask why they have not killed them yet. They help them clean up the mess and they throw the body into a river. They make a plan to kill Delia's stepfather. They wait for their train to come in and they strangle him, but they see they theirs still alive and stab them to death with a broken bottle.
Cast
Josh Folan as Jon
Jessica Kaye as Delia
Tiffany Lee as Lydia
Adam Barnett as The Stepfather
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack was released by Warlock Records on July 17, 2012. Track listing:
When In Rome - written and performed by Des Roar
How Much Is Too Much - written and performed by Des Roar
Morning Shower - written and performed by The Dangerous Maybes
Smooth - written and performed by Car Stereo Wars
Not Over For Me - written and performed by Des Roar
Confessions Of A White, Widowed Male - written and performed by Des Roar
Ted Bundy Was A Lady's Man - written and performed by Des Roar
Across The Ocean - written and performed by The Dangerous Maybes
Dearheart - written and performed by Car Stereo Wars
Breath Before Water - written and performed by Molotov Elysian
Cerequil Caracell - written and performed by Ajar
Let It Slide - written and performed by Ajar
Mirages - written and performed by Molotov Elysian
Awards and honors
Best Screenplay Nomination (Josh Folan and Billy Fox): 2011 Hoboken International Film Festival
Best Actress Nomination (Jessica Kaye): 2011 Hoboken International Film Festival
Best Screenplay Nomination (Josh Folan): 2009 Queens International Film Festival
References
External links
Shannon Hood (Film Junk) Review
2011 films
2011 independent films
2011 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
American romantic thriller films
Films set in New York City
American independent films
2010s romantic thriller films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Danuše Zdeňková (born 5 July 1976) is a Czech martial artist.  They are a multiple Czech champion in Judo and Sambo, and 2005 European champion in Sambo.
Early life
Zdeňková was born in Šumperk, Czech Republic. They started their Judo career at the Czech Interior Ministry's Olympic Training Centre in Hradec Králové, under national team coach Pavel Petřikov.
Sporting career
Zdeňková represented the Czech Republic at the international level as a junior at -63 kg. They were a regular World Championship and European Championships participant. In 2003, they were named Judoka of the Year. In the spring of 2004, they switched to the similar sport Sambo.
From 2004 to 2005 they were the coach of the Czech National Sambo Team. In 2005, they became Vice President of the Czech Sambo Federation. Them best results in this period included a 3rd-place finish in the 2004 Sambo World Championships in Chisinau, Moldova, a 1st place in the 2005 European Sambo Championships in Moscow, Russia, and a 2nd place in the 2005 European Kurash Championships in Thessaloniki, Greece. They have also been Czech National Champion multiple times in both Judo and Sambo.
Coaching successes
1 x 3rd place, 2 x 7th place World Championships in Sambo 2004 Chisinau, Moldova
1 x 1st place, 1 x 3rd place, 1 x 5th place World Junior Championships in Sambo, 2004 Tashkent, Uzbekistan
1 x 2nd place, 2 x 3rd place European Championships in Kurash, 2005, Thessaloniki, Greece
3 x 1st place, 3 x 2nd place, Holand Open in Sambo2005 Ommen, Netherlands
1 x 2nd place, 1 x 3rd place, Madrid Open 2005 Spain
References
General references
http://is.muni.cz/th/392482/fsps_b/Plny_text_prace.pdf
Czech female judoka
1976 births
Living people
People from Šumperk
Sportspeople from the Olomouc Region
Gregory Andrew DeLong (born April 3, 1973) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League.
Early life and education
DeLong was born in Orefield, Pennsylvania. They attended Parkland High School in South Whitehall Township, Pennsylvania and then the University of North Carolina, where they played football for the North Carolina Tarheels.
NFL career
DeLong went undrafted in 1995 but was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent that year and played with the Vikings from 1995 until 1998. They played for the Baltimore Ravens in 1999 and the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2000.
References
1973 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Parkland High School (Allentown, Pennsylvania) alumni
North Carolina Tar Heels football players
Minnesota Vikings players
Baltimore Ravens players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
The bilaminar embryonic disc, or bilaminar blastoderm refers to the two-layered structure of epiblast and hypoblast, evolved from the inner cell mass also known as the embryoblast. These two layers of cells lie between two cavities: the primitive yolk sac and the amniotic cavity.
The inner cell mass (embryoblast), begins to transform into two distinct epithelial layers just before implantation occurs. The epiblast is the outer layer that consists of columnar cells. The inner layer is called the hypoblast, or primitive endoderm, which is composed of cuboidal cells. As the two layers become evident, a basement membrane presents itself between the layers. The final two layers of the embryoblast are known collectively as the bilaminar embryonic disc. This bilaminar disc also defines the primitive dorsal ventral axis. Blastocyst implantation will occur during the second week of embryonic development in the endometrium of the uterus; the epiblast is dorsal and the hypoblast is ventral.
Formation of the blastocyst
The zygote undergoes cleavage as it journeys from the fallopian tube to the uterus. As it transforms from 2 to 4, to 8 to 16 cells, it becomes a ball of cells called a morula. During these divisions, the zygote remains the same size, but the number of cells increases. The morula differentiates into an outer and inner group of cells: the peripheral outer cell layer, the trophoblast, and the central inner cell mass, the embryoblast. The trophoblast goes on to become the fetal portion of the placenta and related extraembryonic membranes. The epiblast and hypoblast arise from the embryoblast and later give rise to the embryo proper and its affiliated extraembryonic membranes. Once the zygote has differentiated into 16-32 cells, it starts to form a fluid-filled central cavity called the blastocyst cavity called the blastocoel. This cavity is essential because as the cells continue to divide, the outer layer of cells increases making it difficult for the innermost cells to receiving adequate nutrients from the surrounding fluid. Therefore, the blastocyst cavity serves as a nutrient center and the fluid is able to reach and feed cells so that they can continue growing and dividing. The embryo is called a blastocyst at about the 6th day of development once it has reached nearly 100 cells. Once formed, the blastocyst begins its journey into the uterus to start implantation in the endometrium.
Becoming bilaminar
The zygote first transformed into a morula through cleavage and then more divisions lead to a blastocyst that consisted of just a trophoblast, and an embryoblast. By the end of the first week, the embryoblast has begun separating into two layers: the epiblast and hypoblast also called the primitive endoderm. At the embryonic pole of the blastocyst, the amniotic cavity finds a home between the epiblast and the trophoblast. The epiblast stretches to surround the cavity very quickly and this layer of the epiblast becomes known as the amnion, which is one of the four extraembryonic membranes. The rest of the hypoblast and epiblast, not including the amnion, is what contributes to the bilaminar embryonic disc (bilaminar blastoderm/blastocyst), which sits between the amniotic cavity and the blastocyst cavity. The embryo proper and extramembryonic membranes are later derived from the embryonic disc.
Establishment of the amniotic cavity
Beginning on day 8, the amniotic cavity is the first new cavity to form during the second week of development. Fluid collects between the epiblast and the hypoblast, which splits the epiblast into two portions. The layer at the embryonic pole grows around the amniotic cavity, creating a barrier from the cytotrophoblast. This becomes known as the amnion, which is one of the four extraembyonic membranes and the cells it comprises are referred to as amnioblasts. Although, the amniotic cavity starts off small it eventually grows to be larger than the blastocyst and by week 8, the whole embryo is encompassed by the amnion.
Formation of the yolk sac and chorionic cavity
The formation of the chorionic cavity (Extra-embryonic coelom) and the yolk sac (umbilical vesicle) is still up for debate. The thought of how the yolk sac membranes are formed begins with an increase in production of hypoblast cells, succeeded by different patterns of migration. On day 8, the first portion of hypoblast cells begin their migration and make what is known as the primary yolk sac, or Heuser's membrane (exocoelomic membrane). By day 12, the primary yolk sac has been disestablished by a new batch of migrating hypoblast cells that now contribute to the definitive yolk sac. While the primary yolk sac is forming, extraembryonic mesoderm makes its way into the blastocyst cavity to fill it with loosely packed cells. When the extraembryonic mesoderm is separated into two portions, a new gap arises called the chorionic cavity, or the extra-embryonic coelom. This new cavity is responsible for detaching the embryo and its amnion and yolk sac from the far wall of the blastocyst, which is now named the chorion. When the extraembryonic mesoderm splits into two layers, the amnion, yolk sac, and chorion follow its lead and also become double layered. The chorion and amnion are composed of extraembryonic ectoderm and mesoderm, where as the yolk sac is made of extraembryonic endoderm and mesoderm. When day 13 rolls around, the connecting stalk, a dense portion of extraembryonic mesoderm, restrains the embryonic disc in the chorionic cavity.
Yolk sac during development
Like the amnion, the yolk sac is an extraembryonic membrane that surrounds a cavity. Formation of the definitive yolk sac happens after the extraembryonic mesoderm splits, and it becomes a double layered structure with hypoblast-derived endoderm on the inside and mesoderm surrounding the outside. The definitive yolk sac contributes greatly to the embryo during the 4th week of development, and executes critical functions for the embryo. One of which being the formation of blood, or hematopoiesis. Also, primordial germ cells are first found in the wall of the yolk sac. After the 4th week of development, the growing embryonic disc becomes a great deal larger than the yolk sac and its presence usually dies out before birth. However, the yolk sac may rarely remain as a deviation of the digestive tract named Meckel's diverticulum.
Epiblast cells during gastrulation
The third week of development and the formation of the primitive streak sparks the beginning of gastrulation. Gastrulation is when the three germ cell layers develop as well as an organism's body plan. During gastrulation, cells of the epiblast, a layer of the bilaminar blastocyst, migrate towards the primitive streak, enter it, and then move apart from it through a process called ingression.
Definitive endoderm development
On day 16, epiblast cells that are next to the primitive streak experience epithelial-to-mesenchymal transformation as they ingress through the primitive streak. The first wave of epiblast cells takes over the hypoblast, which slowly becomes replaced by new cells that eventually constitute the definitive endoderm. The definitive endoderm is what makes the lining of the gut and other associated gut structures.
Intraembryonic mesoderm development
Also beginning on day 16, some of the ingressing epiblast cells make their way into the area between the epiblast and the newly forming definitive endoderm. This layer of cells becomes known as intraembryonic mesoderm. After the cells have moved bilaterally from the primitive streak and matured, four divisions of intraembryonic mesoderm are made; cardiogenic mesoderm, paraxial mesoderm, intermediate mesoderm and lateral plate mesoderm.
Ectoderm development
After the definitive endoderm and intraembryonic mesoderm formations are complete, the remaining epiblast cells do not ingress through the primitive streak; rather they remain on the outside and form the ectoderm. It is not long until the ectoderm becomes the neural plate and surface ectoderm. Due to the fact that an embryo develops cranial to caudal, the formation of ectoderm does not happen at the same rate during development. The more inferior portion of the primitive streak will still have epiblast cells ingressing to make intraembryonic mesoderm, while the more superior portion has stopped ingressing. However, eventually gastrulation finishes and the three germ layers are complete.
References
External links
Diagram at manchester.ac.uk
Embryology
Third class may refer to:
Third class cabin, a class of travel accommodations
Arts and entertainment
3rd Class, a 2020 Kannada film
The Third-Class Carriage (Le Wagon de troisième classe), painting by Honoré Daumier
Education
Third-class degree, a British undergraduate degree classification
Third class (classe de troisième), a French education level; see National diploma (France)
Other uses
Class III, a level of creditor; see Preferential creditor
Third class objects in computing; see First-class citizen
See also
Cuts from the Tough Times is a compilation album by New Zealand group Dragon, released in January 1990 through Polydor Records. The album comprised all the tracks from their 1984 album, "Body and the Beat" and a selection of tracks from their 1986 album, "Dreams of Ordinary Men". The album has been re-released numerous times.
Track listing
"Rain" (Johanna Pigot, Marc Hunter, Todd Hunter) – 3:33
"Dreams of Ordinary Men " (Alan Mansfield, Doane Perry, Johanna Pigott, Todd Hunter, Todd Rundgren) – 4:02
"Speak No Evil" (Alan Mansfield, Johanna Pigott, Todd Hunter) – 3:34
"Western Girls" (Alan Mansfield, Marc Hunter, Sharon O'Neill, Todd Rundgren) – 4:10
"Promises" (Johanna Pigott, Marc Hunter, Todd Hunter) – 4:11
"Wilderworld" (Johanna Pigott, Marc Hunter, Todd Hunter) – 3:51
"Cry" (Todd Hunter) – 3:44
"Cool Down" (Alan Mansfield, Todd Hunter) – 4:21
"Body And The Beat" (Marc Hunter, Robert Taylor) – 4:26
"Witnessing" (Marc Hunter, Todd Hunter) – 4:39
"Magic" (Robert Taylor) – 3:57
"What Am I Gonna Do?" (Alan Mansfield, Kenny Jacobson, Robert Taylor, Paul Hewson, Todd Hunter) – 3:41
"Fool" (Johanna Pigott, Todd Hunter) – 3:31
"Start It Up" (Alan Mansfield, Doane Perry, Johanna Pigott, Todd Hunter, Todd Rundgren) – 4:20
"Smoke" (Johanna Pigott, Marc Hunter, Todd Hunter) – 4:42
Release history
References
Dragon (band) albums
1990 greatest hits albums
Polydor Records albums
Compilation albums by New Zealand artists
Mulinuyuq (Quechua mulinu mill or swirl (a borrowing from Spanish molino or remolino), -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership, "the one with a mill (or mills)" or "the one with a swirl (or swirls)", also spelled Molinoyoc) is an archaeological site in the Ayacucho Region in Peru. It is located in the Huanta Province.
References
Archaeological sites in Peru
Archaeological sites in Ayacucho Region
AAP TV (Azad Kashmir, Abaseen & Pothohar Television) is UK's first Pothwari/Pahari television channel for the British Pothwari & Pahari community. AAP TV was formerly named Aapna Channel which shut down in March and then re-opened as AAP TV. AAP is based in Bradford, West Yorkshire & owned by Sharda International Ltd. The test transmission of the station occurred in July 2008, and the channel went live in August. It can be found on SKY 803.
Another television channel named KBC (Kashmiri Broadcasting Corporation) has also gone live on Sunday 24 August.
The KBC channels are being launched by the Afsar Group from Birmingham. Whilst KBC will be added to the Sky EPG next week, live programming on the channels don't begin until Sunday 24 August
Kashmir Broadcasting Corporation trading as KBC – a UK-based multilingual, independent and global satellite television channel broadcasting for South Asians across UK, Europe, Africa, Middle East and Asia in general and Jammu Kashmir in particular.
The channel was set up by a British Kashmiri entrepreneur ' – the first ever independent Kashmiri TV channel the voice of kashmiri people.www.kbcchannel.tv
References
British Pakistani mass media
Mass media in Bradford
Queens Park Station is a railway station on the Transperth network. It is located on the Armadale/Thornlie Line, 11.4 kilometres from Perth Station serving the suburb of Queens Park, Western Australia.
History
Queens Park Station opened in 1899 as Woodlupine, being renamed Queens Park on 16 April 1912. In 2012, the station was refurbished.
Future
As part of a Metronet project for several level crossing removals on the Armadale line, Queens Park Station will be rebuilt as an elevated station and the Hamilton Street and Wharf Street level crossings will be replaced with elevated rail. The planned design has Queens Park Station about closer to Hamilton Street, and the passenger car park underneath the elevated railway. The new station will initially be accessed via stairs and lifts, and its design will allow escalators and fare gates to be added in the future. The new station platforms will be side platforms, as opposed to the current island platforms. This is to reduce the impact of the bridge structure on the surrounding area. The platforms will also be built to the length of a six-car train, as opposed to the current station which only has a length of a four-car train.
Services
Queens Park Station is served by Transperth Armadale/Thornlie Line services.
The station saw 238,960 passengers in the 2013-14 financial year.
Platforms
References
External links
Gallery History of Western Australian Railways & Stations
Armadale and Thornlie lines
Railway stations in Perth, Western Australia
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1899
Strophurus robinsoni is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Diplodactylidae. The species is endemic to Australia.
Etymology
The specific name, robinsoni, is in honor of Australian herpetologist David Robinson.
Geographic range
In Australia, S. robinsoni is found in Northern Territory and Western Australia.
Habitat
The preferred habitats of S. robinsoni are grassland and rocky areas.
Reproduction
S. robinsoni is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Cogger HG (2014). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, Seventh Edition. Clayton, Victoria, Australia: CSIRO Publishing. xxx + 1,033 pp. .
Laver RJ, Nielsen SV, Rosauer DF, Oliver PM (2017). "Trans-biome diversity in Australian grass-specialist lizards (Diplodactylidae: Strophurus)". Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 115: 62–70.
Rösler H (2000). "Kommentierte Liste der rezent, subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa (Reptilia: Gekkonomorpha)". Gekkota 2: 28–153. (Strophurus robinsoni, new combination, p. 115). (in German).
Smith LA (1995). "A new Diplodactylus, subgenus Strophurus (Lacertilia: Gekkonidae) from northern Australia". Records of the Western Australian Museum 17 (3): 351–353. (Diplodactylus robinsoni, new species).
Wilson, Steve; Swan, Gerry (2013). A Complete Guide to Reptiles of Australia, Fourth Edition. Sydney: New Holland Publishers. 522 pp. .
Strophurus
Geckos of Australia
Reptiles described in 1995
Taxa named by Lawrence Alec Smith
Belarusian studies () is a field of research dedicated to Belarusian language, literature and culture.
History
Emergence of the field
Research on the language, ethnography and history of Belarusian lands was conducted from the beginning of the 19th century, initially within the framework of Polish and Russian studies. The first works devoted to Belarusian issues managed to arouse the curiosity of their roots among the then emerging Belarusian intelligentsia.
Yefim Karsky is often called "the father" of Belarusian studies. Their main work is a book Belarusians in three volumes, that became a foundation of Belarusian linguistics.
In the nineteenth century, Belarusian research was started more boldly by the Belarusians themselves (Francišak Bahuševič, , H. Tatur). Under the tsarist rule, these studies, closely related to the national liberation movement, were practically conducted illegally and were developed through educational circles and societies by a small group of nationally conscious Belarusians.
Belarusian studies acquired legal forms after the revolution of 1905, when it became possible to support research by its own national periodical (headed by the Nasha Niva). It was the author of Nasha Niva, Vaclau Lastouski, who published the first scientific work in Belarusian, titled "Karotkaja historyja Biełarusi" (Consise Belarusian History, Vilnius, 1910).
Official state support for Belarusian studies was first received in the 1920s within the borders of the then Belarusian Soviet Socialist Republic. From 1922, scientific activities, including extensive Belarusian research, were conducted by the . At that time, scientific work in the field of Belarusian studies began to be comprehensive, Belarusian scientific terminology was developed. The development of Belarusian studies in the Soviet state was interrupted in the 1930s.
Outside the territories of Soviet Belarus, including Poland, Belarusian research was the domain of nationally conscious intelligentsia. In 1921, the founded the in Vilnius. There were also the Scientific Society of Franciszek Skaryna in Prague, the Belarusian National Committee in Chicago and the Belarusian Scientific Society in Riga.
Belarusian studies in English
In 1965, The Journal of Belarusian Studies was created in London. The idea of an English-language academic journal in the field of Belarusian studies had been considered by the Anglo-Belarusian Society since its establishment in 1954, as the Society sought to disseminate information about Belarusians in the Western world. By 1965 the Society had found academics willing to contribute to such a journal as well as funding from the Belarusian Charitable Trust created under the auspices of the Association of Belarusians in Great Britain. The main persons behind the project were Guy Picarda and Auberon Herbert.
The first issue of the journal started with an introduction by Oxford professor Robert Auty about "a little-known East European people and its contribution to civilisation" and included articles by Alexander Nadson, Guy Picarda, Leo Haroška and Vera Rich as well as a book review and a chronicle of main events related to Belarus and the Belarusian communities abroad.
In independent Belarus
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union and Belarusian independence, Belarusian studies became important in the new state. As Rainer Lindner wrote, "In 1991, national historiography attempted to provide the historical reasoning behind the Declaration of Independence, an event that was more of an accident than the result of internal democratization or a demand for sovereignty. By discovering, inventing, and rewriting national history, the new national historians became aware that Belarus lacked a "myth of the past" and indeed many of the attributes that one would normally find in a national history. This phenomenon has been fairly typical of many of the post-Soviet republics." They also noted that "The issue of the ethnic origins of the Belarusians has once again become, as during the 1920s, a historiographical question of faith." New themes in Belarusian studies include "Belarusians as 'the most pure' Slavic ethnos" moving toward a "Slavicized Balts than Balticized Slavs" narrative. The historiography of that period was called "neonational" and "romanticizing image of history".
Formerly, Ukraine and Belarus were marginal states in the declining empire with a history of statelessness and border readjustment. Now, as states with their own foreign policies, they have received visits from the American president and entered into alliances with Western European and international organizations. Therefore both social scientists and some political elite have been susceptible to geopolitical theories of the past and present.
Besides the new developments in the early 1990s, "[n]ational development was not only halted with the election of Alyaksandr Lukashenka as president, but the new government also soon readopted the former Soviet versions of the past." This period was deemed "neo-Soviet".
References
Belarusian culture
Area studies
Ethnography
Cultural anthropology
Humanities
Chokio-Alberta High School is a public high school with students in grades seven through twelve, located in Chokio, Minnesota, United States. It was formerly two schools, the elementary school being located in Chokio and the High School being located in Alberta. The school's mascot is the Spartans, though Chokio-Alberta combines with Morris Area High School as the MACA Tigers.
References
External links
Public high schools in Minnesota
Educational institutions established in 1967
Schools in Stevens County, Minnesota
1967 establishments in Minnesota
Castellammare di Stabia (; ) is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania region, in southern Italy. It is situated on the Bay of Naples about southeast of Naples, on the route to Sorrento.
History
Castellammare di Stabia lies next to the ancient Roman city of Stabiae, which was destroyed by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79. The castle, of the city it takes its name from, was erected around the 9th century on a hill commanding the southern side of the Gulf of Naples. It was restored during the reign of Frederick II of Hohenstaufen and enlarged by King Charles I of Anjou.
The comune, previously called Castellamare, assumed the name Castellammare on 22 January 1863, and the current name on 31 May 1912.
Religious buildings
Castellammare Cathedral
San Bartolomeo
Santa Caterina
Chiesa del Gesù
Chiesa del Purgatorio
Excavation of villas
The excavation of Roman villas preserved by the eruption of Vesuvius in AD 79 is currently underway. Villa Arianna and Villa San Marco can be visited and do not charge for admission.
The thermal baths
Castellammare is known as the Metropole of the waters for its hydrological heritage of 28 different kinds of waters, divided in sulphurous, calcic bicarbonate and mineral water, each one with a particular healthy property. The thermal bath has been a huge part of the economic life as well as of the tourism of Castellammare since the 19th century. To take advantage of the waters' property there are two different thermal baths, one in the historical centre of the town and the other on the hill. Besides, the two most important waters of Castellammare, Acqua della Madonna and Acetosella, have been known since the time of Pliny the Elder, who suggested drinking them in case of calculosis, today they are sold as far away as America.
The ancient thermal baths
The Ancient Thermal Baths were inaugurated in 1836 and since the beginning had a very important role for the citizens and also for the tourists coming in summer for the thermal cure, making the city very crowded. Because of this overcrowding the building was enlarged with new pavilions and pools for the thermal cures of the body, like a real spa but it was also a cultural centre where many art exhibitions, cultural events and concerts were held. On 26 February 1956 began the destruction of the ancient building to make way for today's building. At the end of the 1980s the thermal building was in crisis because most of its offered treatments were closed, even if today they are offered in the New Thermal Baths. Today the Ancient Baths opens only few hours a day for bathing. In summer there are some cultural events. In the summer of 2007 the renovation of the building began so it can resume the many thermal services.
The new thermal baths
The New Thermal Baths, located on the hill of the Solaro, near the district of Scanzano, was inaugurated on 26 July 1964. This building has two zones: one zone is the building dedicated to the thermal cure and then there is the park for the hydroponic cure. The building for the thermal cure offers the chance of practicing physiotherapy, hyperbaric medicine, massages, mud baths, inhalation of the sulphurous waters, rehabilitating, dermatological, aesthetic and gynaecological cures. Instead the hydroponic park allows practicing hydrotherapy, that is drinking the specific kind of water to cure specific pathologies, while walking through the park. Moreover, in summer in the park there are many events, during mornings and evenings, such as concerts, open cinema, exhibitions and conventions.
Geography
Castellammare borders with the municipalities of Gragnano, Pimonte, Pompei, Santa Maria la Carità, Torre Annunziata and Vico Equense.
It counts the hamlets (frazioni) of Fratte, Madonna della Libera, Pioppaino, Ponte Persica, Pozzano, Privati, Quisisana, Scanzano and Varano.
Sport
The local football team, SS Juve Stabia, currently plays in Italian Serie C and is one of the oldest football teams in Italy, having been created in 1907. SS Juve Stabia plays its matches in Romeo Menti Stadium.
People
Pliny the Elder, born Gaius Plinius Secundus (AD 23 – 25 August, AD 79), adoptive citizen and resident of Stabiae (ancient name of Castellammare di Stabia), where they died during the 25 August, AD 79 Mt. Vesuvius eruption. Roman author, naturalist, and natural philosopher, as well as naval and army commander of the early Roman Empire, and personal friend of the emperor Vespasian.
Catello, Saint (9th century), Patron of the city
Giuseppe Bonito (1707–1789), painter
Nikolai Gogol (1809–1852) worked here on their Dead Souls in 1838, while living at the count Repnin's summer house.
Luigi Denza (1846–1922), composer of the most famous Italian traditional song Funiculì, Funiculà
Michele Esposito (1855–1929), influential composer, pianist, and conductor, who worked mostly in Ireland
Ettore Tito (1859–1941), painter
Raffaele Viviani (1888–1950), author, playwright, actor, musician
John Serry, Sr. (1915–2003; aka Giovanni Serrapica) American musician, composer, arranger, educator
Gabriele De Rosa (1917–2009), historian and politician
Marcel Jovine (1921–2003), sculptor and toy designer
Pupetta Maresca (1935-2021), 86, Italian mobster convicted murderer, and beauty queen
Mario Merola (1934–2006), Neapolitan-style singer
Giuseppe (born 1959) and Carmine Abbagnale (born 1962), Olympic gold medal rowers, grown up and trained at the Castellammare Yachting Club
Aldo Arcangioli (born 1969), entrepreneur
Gennaro Iezzo (born 1973), football goalkeeper
Raffaele Imperiale (born 1974), Italian mobster, high-ranking member of Camorra
Bruno Cirillo (born 1977), footballer
Antonio Mirante (born 1983), goalkeeper for AC Milan
Fabio Quagliarella (born 1983), striker and captain for Sampdoria
Luigi Vitale (born 1987), footballer
Antonio Donnarumma (born 1990) Padova goalkeeper, older brother of Gianluigi Donnarumma
Gianluigi Donnarumma (born 1999), goalkeeper for Paris Saint-Germain and the Italy national team, second-youngest goalkeeper to play in Serie A
Sebastiano Esposito (born 2002), forward for FC Basel
See also
Stabiae
Juve Stabia
Province of Naples
Regio Cantiere di Castellammare di Stabia
Reggia di Quisisana
References
External links
Castellammare di Stabia official website
Cities and towns in Campania
Coastal towns in Campania
Municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Naples
Spa towns in Italy
The English place-name Chester, and the suffixes -chester, -caster and -cester (old -ceaster), are commonly indications that the place is the site of a Roman castrum, meaning a military camp or fort (cf. Welsh caer), but it can also apply to the site of a pre-historic fort. Names ending in -cester are nearly always reduced to -ster when spoken, the exception being "Cirencester", which is pronounced in full. The pronunciation of names ending in -chester or -caster is regular.
A
Acaster Malbis
Acaster Selby
Alcester
Alchester
Ancaster
B
Bicester
Binchester
Brancaster
C
Caister-on-Sea
Caistor
Caistor St Edmund
Casterton, Cumbria
Casterton, Great, Rutland
Casterton, Little, Rutland
Castor, Cambridgeshire
Chester
Cheshire, Chester-shire
Chester, Little, Derby
Chesterfield
Chesterford, Great
Chesterford, Little
Chester-le-Street
Chesterton (disambiguation)
Chesterwood
Chichester
Cirencester
Colchester
D
Doncaster
Dorchester
Dorset, Dor-chester-seat
Dorchester-on-Thames, Oxfordshire
E
Ebchester
Exeter
F
Frocester
G
Gloucester
Godmanchester
Grantchester
H
Hincaster
I
Ilchester
Irchester
K
Kenchester
L
Lancaster
Lancashire, Lune-caster-shire
Lanchester
Leicester
M
Mancetter
Manchester
Muncaster
P
Portchester
R
Ribchester
Rocester
Rochester, Kent
Rochester, Northumberland
S
Silchester
T
Tadcaster
Towcester
U
Uttoxeter
W
Winchester
Woodchester
Worcester
Wroxeter
Notes
Place name element etymologies
English toponymy
English suffixes
The Gotthard League was a Swiss civil society movement formed in 1940 with the aim to combat defeatism and Nazi propaganda at a time when the Swiss were surrounded by triumphant and obviously aggressive Axis powers armies.
Context
In 1940, confronted with the successful Blitzkrieg of Nazi Germany against Poland and France, and the German Panzer divisions lined up along their border, the Swiss government found itself in an awkward position. The Germans even demanded apologies for the destruction of German planes which had been shot down by the Swiss after violating the Swiss airspace and the Armistice of 22 June 1940 between France and Germany made it likely that German invasion plans of Switzerland would be implemented. There were strong trends within Switzerland which advocated submission to the Germans. Sustained Nazi propaganda emanated from the 30,000-strong German community in Switzerland, the German embassy and consulates and from the extreme right ("Fronts Movement" or "Frontismus") which became amalgamated into the Swiss National Movement in June 1940.
The then President of the Swiss Confederation and Foreign Minister, Marcel Pilet-Golaz delivered on 25 June 1940 an ambiguous speech where they made allusions to an "adaptation to the new conditions", a "partial demobilization of the Army", a "national turnaround", a more authoritarian regime for Switzerland and to a "new order" in Europe, in short a lot of Petainist vocabulary mixed with consensual, religious-ringing rhetoric (which earned the speech the nickname of “sermon”). The German version of this originally French text was slightly adapted and contained quite a few words reminiscent of National Socialist speech. Their calculated but ambiguous attitude was confirmed and raise even more doubts within Switzerland when they received on the federal premises a delegation of the Swiss extreme right "frontists", on 10 and 14 September 1940.
History
The launching of the Gotthard League
Fearing that defeatism and the effects of the Nazi propaganda would lead the federal government to submit to the Germans and give up the traditional democratic values of Switzerland, a group of young people led by Denis de Rougemont and Professor Theophil Spoerri founded the Gotthard League on 30 June 1940 in order to defend both these values and the independence of Switzerland.
On 22 July an “Appeal to the Swiss People” written by de Rougemont was published in the Swiss press to rally support for the movement.
Signatories were, besides de Rougemont and Spoerri, , who was at the time a military instructor and later became a politician within the Radical-Democratic Party (PRD); , from the conservative-liberal movement Redressement national; Christian Gasser, from the liberal “Ligue des Non-Subventionnés”; , a social-democrat Christian trade-unionist; Philippe Mottu, from Moral Rearmament; Paul Schäfer, also from Moral Rearmament; Heinrich Schnyder, a manager from the Migros groceries firm.
Charles-F. Ducommun, a trade-unionist, and Julien Lescaze, communication officer at the ICRC soon joined the signatories and worked efficiently to spread the League's message.
Among the most notable supporters of the Gotthard League are Gottlieb Duttweiler, founder of the Migros chain of grocery stores, Protestant theologian Emil Brunner, conservative historian Gonzague de Reynold and socialist philosopher and psychologist Philippe Müller.
It must be added that the opinion differences between Denis de Rougemont and Gonzague de Reynold did create serious difficulties which prevented the Gotthard League to communicate consistently and that the hurried departure of de Rougemont for a 5-year exile in the USA under pressure of the Germans probably helped tilt the balance towards the more conservative side of the Gotthard League.
However the launching of the Gotthard League, facilitated by a personal gift of 50'000 Swiss francs, was a major event. The League's manifesto was carried by no less than 74 Swiss newspapers and was followed by more publications in the following ten days, including one appeal signed by the respected Zurich professor Theo Spoerri, regarded as the leader of Moral Rearmament in Switzerland, who had been elected to lead the governing body of the Gotthard League.
Ideology
Denis de Rougemont wrote a 10-page manifesto entitled What Is the Gotthard League? ("Qu'est-ce que la Ligue du Gothard ?") explaining its principles: on one hand active neutrality and on the other hand faithfulness to the fundamental values of Switzerland such as federalism, in order to resist "at all costs" to totalitarianisms. It went on to add that the immediate means of action of the League rested entirely on its members' public expression. It appealed strongly in favour of the military defense of the réduit national around the Saint-Gotthard Massif – as advocated by General Guisan, of intelligence gathering, of a series of economic and political reforms and of a "struggle against defeatism and deceitful propaganda".
The plea in favour of the country's military defense was totally in line with General Guisan's strategy. (On 25 July 1940, General Guisan had delivered a historic address to the entire Swiss Officer Corps assembled on the Rütli, a location identified as the site of the founding act of the Swiss confederation in 1291. They had taken every disposition so that Switzerland could resist Nazi invasion and had made it very clear there would never be any surrender; Swiss citizens had been instructed to disregard any surrender broadcast, as it would either be done under threat or be enemy propaganda.) This is hardly surprising since both Denis de Rougemont and Philippe Mottu worked for the "Army and Home" section at the Swiss Army's headquarters, an internal propaganda department which General Guisan strongly developed during the war years.
However, the Gotthard League slowly shifted towards structures inspired by past regimes. The federal assembly representing the cantons was for instance named "Diète" (Diet) as in the Ancien Régime of Switzerland (prior to the 1798 French invasion).
In the same spirit the Gotthard League decided in November 1940 to base its principles exclusively on Christianity; therefore, somewhat surprisingly albeit with chosen words, it kept Jews and Freemasons at bay: "The Gotthard League holds that emotional campaigns against Jews or Freemasons are not desirable. It believes that this country's Christian traditions will remain the basis of our political life and that, in the future, the greatest clarity and candour will need to be applied. Given these principles, people to whom Christian traditions are foreign or belonging to organisations subject to secret or foreign influence are not eligible as Gotthard League members."
Early development
Working through press conferences, « patriotic evenings », meetings, courses, advertisements, posters and pamphlets, the circa 8000 members of the League campaigned for collective social responsibility on matters such as agricultural development (to achieve food self-sufficiency, see :fr:Plan Wahlen), family protection, elderly care, and job creations. Their programme also included a revision of the political system introducing more authority in democracy and a corporatist organisation of the economy.
The League adopted a federal structure, local teams being part of a federation, which itself was headed by a governing body (directoire) in charge of coordination the initiatives of the local groups.
Post-War Life
In 1951, activities were focalised on the national level. The main post-war issues were dealt with through over 300 « open letters » advocating solutions to the Swiss society's new challenges. The Gotthard League was dissolved in 1969. Professor Spoerri remained its president until the end.
Evaluation
Influence
The Gotthard League's influence in Switzerland during the war years was sizeable. Denis de Rougemont wrote that the Gotthard League's influence on the Swiss morale was distinctly felt after only one month of campaigning: it created “a salutary shock on Swiss public opinion, restoring confidence in many a citizen and it gave birth to a great hope, dissipating some of the defeatist mists.”.
The Gotthard League also helped military officers who had been deeply unsettled by the Swiss President Pilet-Golaz' public address on 25 June and who were considering a coup, to stay within the limits of the law; one of them, captain Alfred Ernst, even donated 50'000 Swiss Francs (an inheritance) to the Gotthard League, so that the resistance message could be brought to the country by the Gotthard League rather than by the young revolted army officers, provided quick action was undertaken.
Criticism
The Gotthard League's attempt to unite people from highly diverse backgrounds into a kind of union of opposites (Catholics and Protestants, French-speaking and German-speaking, political right and left, …) raised questions in many quarters of Swiss society and criticism was both sharp and immediate ; in a letter dated 6 August 1940, Denis de Rougemont mentions « the 200 articles written against us » and they go on to add « we are being accused with utmost assurance to be Nazis, Marxists, Catholics, Oxfordians, a daughter company of Duttweiler, utopians, fixers, etc. etc. »
In 2001, Swiss historian Michel Perdrizat declared that the Gotthard League had led an ambiguous policy by trying to combine resistance spirit with a political renovation of Switzerland, going into the direction of a conservative, antidemocratic state; they regard the leaders of the Gotthard League as naïve.
In 2009 however, historian Daniel Bourgeois warned that it is difficult to judge with hindsight. Whereas sympathy for French Maréchal Philippe Pétain was widespread in the French-speaking part of Switzerland and could explain the resurgence of the French Révolution nationale ideas or words in statements issued by movements such as the Gotthard League, there were other confusing words elsewhere in these tense and troubled times, like de Gaulle substituting "Honneur et Patrie" to "Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité" as the French national motto, or the "tragic Petainist illusion" harboured by Resistance hero Henri Frenay in the early moments of the French Resistance movement.
Notes and references
Connected articles
Denis de Rougemont
External links
Switzerland in World War II
20th century in Switzerland
1940 establishments in Switzerland
1969 disestablishments in Switzerland
Organizations established in 1940
Organizations disestablished in 1969
Politics of World War II
ST-2 is a telecommunications satellite made by Mitsubishi Electric. It was launched on May 20, 2011 atop an Ariane 5 ECA rocket from ESA's Guiana Space Centre in a dual-launch mission with GSAT-8.
a
ST-2 is a replacement for the ST-1 satellite. It is built around the DS2000 spacecraft bus. It is in geosynchronous orbit at 88 deg. East, and is operated by the ST-2 Satellite Ventures joint company of Singapore Telecommunications(SingTel) and Chunghwa Telecom. It provides relay services over the Middle East, Central Asia, India and Southeast Asia.
References
External links
http://www.arianespace.com/press-release/arianespace-launch-for-asia-and-india-st-2-and-gsat-8-satellites-in-orbit/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120418171506/http://business.singtel.com/satellite/st2/about-st2.asp
http://www.spacedaily.com/reports/Mitsubishi_Electric_Puts_ST2_Satellite_into_Orbit_999.html
Spacecraft launched in 2011
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites using the DS2000 bus
Ariane commercial payloads
Singapore–Taiwan relations
Pirate Party of Russia
Policy Planning and Research Unit (UK)
Personnel Policy Research Unit
Packaging and Polymer Research Unit
Pediatric Pharmacology Research Unit (US NIH)
PPRU-1 is a Soviet/Russian mobile air target reconnaissance and command center
The 7th Military Base (; ) is a sizable overseas military base of the Russian Armed Forces stationed in Bombora in the partially recognized Republic of Abkhazia. The base is subordinate to the command of the 49th Combined Arms Army and the Southern Military District of the Russian Armed Forces.
History
The base originated from the 131st Separate Motor Rifle Brigade, which was a unit of the Soviet Army and of the Russian Ground Forces. Following the Russo-Georgian War of 2008, it was decided that a permanent Russian military base was needed. On 1 February 2009, the brigade was reorganized and the 7th Krasnodar Red Banner Order of Kutuzov and Red Star Military Base was established. On 17 February, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Abkhazian leader Sergey Bagapsh signed an agreement on a unified Russian military base on the territory of Abkhazia.
In accordance with the Russian-Abkhaz agreement, the united military base included former peacekeeping facilities" the Bamboura Airport located in the Gudauta area, a military training ground and part of the sea bay near Ochamchire, joint Russian-Abkhaz military garrisons deployed in the Kodori Valley and near the Enguri Dam. In addition, military-administrative and medical facilities (sanatoriums and rest homes) for the base were to be located in Sukhumi, Gagra, Gudauta, New Athos, Eshera and other settlements of in the region. The period of operation of the base is 49 years, with the possibility of automatic renewal for subsequent 15-year periods. For combat training, the military training grounds in Gudauta as well as Molkin in the Krasnodar Territory are utilized. In 2015, preparatory work began on the construction and arrangement of social and military infrastructure facilities at the military base. Since 2016, the tank and motorized rifle units of the base have utilized the honorary title of "percussion".
100th anniversary
In July 2018, the unit celebrated the centennial of its lineage. The anniversary celebrations were attended by the leadership of the Southern Military District, the 49th Combined Arms Army, and the leadership Abkhazian Armed Forces. In the case of the latter, President Raul Khajimba was in attendance. At the invitation of Colonel Commander Igor Egorov, veterans of the unit arrived from Maykop, Krasnodar and other cities. The commander was awarded the highest award of the state; "Glory of Adygea".
2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
In March 2022, elements of the 7th Military Base were redeployed to join the Russian invasion of Ukraine. According to the General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, they were organized into two battalion tactical groups, with a total number of 800 servicemen. On 31 March 2022, the Ukrainian military reported it had inflicted losses on the troops of the 7th Military Base at an unidentified location on the Eastern front.
Commanders
Colonel Sergey Chebotaryov (2007–2009)
Major General Yakov Rezantsev (2011–2013)
Major General Mikhail Kosobokov (2015–2017)
Colonel Igor Yegorov (2017–2019)
Colonel Oleg Senkov (2019–Present)
Composition
526th Separate Motor Rifle Battalion (Military Unit No.03768)
527th Separate Motor Rifle Battalion (Military Unit No.03769)
529th Separate Motor Rifle Battalion (Military Unit No.03841)
558th Separate Motor Rifle Battalion (Military Unit No.03833)
9th Separate Tank Battalion (Military Unit No.03842)
S-400 and S-300 surface-to-air missile elements reported
Other lighter support units
See also
List of Russian military bases abroad
Operational Group of Russian Forces
4th Guards Military Base
References
Army units and formations of Russia
Military installations of Russia in other countries
Military units and formations established in 2009
Military of Abkhazia
Akyayla is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
was a Japanese film production company created in 1982 to provide a venue outside the major studio system for young proven filmmakers to grow artistically. The company's president, Susumu Miyasaka, came from an advertising and public relations background and they were joined by founding members Kazuhiko Hasegawa, Toshiharu Ikeda, Sōgo Ishii, Kazuyuki Izutsu, Kiyoshi Kurosawa, Kichitaro Negishi, Kazuki Ōmori, Shinji Sōmai and Banmei Takahashi, none of them older than 36 years of age.
For distribution of its works, the group maintained links with major companies such as Nikkatsu, Kadokawa Pictures and Art Theatre Guild, as well as the smaller firms New Century Producers and Kitty Films. The company dissolved due to bankruptcy in 1992, ten years after its foundation. The organization provided a means for several of its members to leave the fading prospects of the Roman porno genre of pink film at Nikkatsu and enter mainstream filmmaking.
Major works
(1982, Banmei Takahashi)
Kandagawa Pervert Wars (1983, Kiyoshi Kurosawa)
The Crazy Family (1984, Sōgo Ishii)
Mermaid Legend (1984, Toshiharu Ikeda)
Love Hotel (1985, Shinji Sōmai)
Typhoon Club (1985, Shinji Sōmai)
(1985, Toshiharu Ikeda)
House of Wedlock (1986, Kichitaro Negishi)
Inuji ni Seshi Mono (1986, Kazuyuki Izutsu)
Halber Mensch (1986, Sōgo Ishii)
Eien no 1/2 (1987, Kichitaro Negishi)
Evil Dead Trap (1988, Toshiharu Ikeda)
References
Film production companies of Japan
Companies established in 1982
1982 establishments in Japan
Imma uranitis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1910. It is found on Sulawesi in Indonesia.
The wingspan is 25–26 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous, slightly purplish tinged and with a moderate ochreous-yellow rather oblique median fascia. There is a triangular ochreous-yellow spot on the costa before the apex and a very fine irregular ochreous-whitish line along the upper part of the termen. The hindwings are dark fuscous with a large undefined lighter patch occupying most of the disc, with strong bright blue reflections.
References
Moths described in 1910
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
The Central Arkansas Sugar Bears softball team represents the University of Central Arkansas, located in Conway, Arkansas. The Sugar Bears are a member of the Southland Conference and participate in NCAA Division I college softball. The team is currently led by head coach David Kuhn and plays home games at Farris Field.
History
The Central Arkansas Sugar Bears inaugural softball season was in 1996. From 1996 to 2006, the Sugar Bears competed in the Gulf South Conference at the NCAA Division II level. In 2007, the university moved to NCAA Division I play with the university's move to the Southland Conference. Three coaches have led the Sugar Bears. Natalie Shock coached the team in all but the final year of the Division II period as well as the second year at the Division I level. The team compiled and overall record of 207–296 and a conference record of 109–127 during Shock's eleven-year tenure. Steve Kissel coached the Sugar Bears for their last year in the Gulf South Conference and their first year as a Southland Conference member. Their teams compiled an overall record of 28–76 and 15–48 record in conference play. David Kuhn, the Sugar Bears current head coach, has led the team for seven seasons. As of the conclusion of the 2015 season, the team has compiled a 209–189 overall record and a 95–88 record in conference play.
In 2015, the Sugar Bears won their first conference tournament championship and received the Southland Conference auto-bid to the 2015 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament. The team competed in their first NCAA tournament at the Norman Regional.
Year-by-year results
Source:
Post season appearances
Conference Tournaments
Sources:
NCAA Division I Tournament results
The Sugar Bears have appeared in one NCAA Division I Tournament Their record is 0–2.
Awards
NFCA Golden Shoe Award
Jenna Wildeman (2021)
References
External links
Tamina Henriëtte Bartholda Jacoba Tadama-Groeneveld (1871-1938) was a Dutch painter.
Biography
Tadama-Groeneveld was born on 15 October 1871 in Utrecht, Netherlands. They studied at an art academy in Amsterdam and was also a student of George Hitchcock. They were a member of Arti et Amicitiae. In 1895 they married fellow painter Fokko Tadama with whom they had two children. Tadama emigrated to the United States without Tadama-Groeneveld.
Tadama-Groeneveld died on 3 April 1938 in Zandvoort.
Gallery
References
External links
1871 births
1938 deaths
People from Utrecht (province)
19th-century Dutch women artists
19th-century Dutch painters
20th-century Dutch women artists
20th-century Dutch painters
Deep Throat was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW). The event took place on November 12, 2000 at the Bunka Gym in Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan.
Ten matches were contested at the event. In the main event, Kodo Fuyuki successfully defended the WEW World Heavyweight Championship against Hayabusa with a running lariat. Hayabusa would take a hiatus after the match due to injury and announced that they would return to FMW at 12th Anniversary Show. In other major matches, Tetsuhiro Kuroda defeated Mr. Gannosuke in a match, which stipulated that Gannosuke must retire if they lost and Kintaro Kanemura successfully defended the WEW Hardcore Championship against Masato Tanaka.
Reception
Stuart of Puroresu Central gave negative reviews to the event, with "It turned into a good show after the awful match with XPW scrubs involved, but the sheer quantity of junk before that really damages the show as a whole. Looking past that stuff, the good part not only had the better wrestler, but maybe coincidentally, maybe not, had better booked angles than some of the bush league crap on the undercard. GOEMON vs. Onryo is goofy in theory, but I dug the uniqueness of it. Gannosuke vs. Kuroda was one mans fight to save FMW from the evil of show puroresu (sports-entertainment), although they failed and got retired (for now). Kanemura vs. Tanaka had no real storyline in the modern FMW sense that I picked up on, it was just a war between two old rivals, who turned the clock back a few years and left the current era for just under 18 minutes. And the main event concluded, for now, the ongoing saga between Hayabusa and Fuyuki, with Fuyuki hinting at a full babyface turn at the end, especially with Kuroda turning heel. Even though those were better booked than the undercard stuff, the constant turns, swerves and what have you seemed to jade many fans, which probably contributed to the bad attendance."
Results
References
2000 in professional wrestling
Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling shows
2000 in Japan
Events in Yokohama
November 2000 events in Japan
Granard () is a barony in County Longford, Republic of Ireland.
Etymology
Granard barony derives its name from the village of Granard (Irish Gránard, possibly meaning "sun height" or "corn height").
Location
Granard barony is located in northeastern County Longford and contains Lough Gowna and many other lakes.
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Granard barony:
Abbeylara
Ballinalee
Granard
References
Baronies of County Longford
Rosa María Posada Chapado (Madrid, 17 January 1940 — Madrid, 29 October 2014) was a Spanish lawyer and politician. They served as President of the Assembly of Madrid (1987-1991) as well as Vice President.
References
20th-century Spanish lawyers
2014 deaths
Deaths from lung cancer
Lawyers from Madrid
1940 births
Democratic and Social Centre (Spain) politicians
People's Party (Spain) politicians
Presidents of the Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 2nd Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 4th Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 5th Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 6th Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 7th Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 8th Assembly of Madrid
Members of the 9th Assembly of Madrid
First Secretaries of the Assembly of Madrid
First Vice Presidents of the Assembly of Madrid
Government ministers of the Community of Madrid
Members of the People's Parliamentary Group (Assembly of Madrid)
St John's Church is a Church of England church in Tincleton, Dorset, England. It was designed by Benjamin Ferrey and built in 1849–50. The church has been a Grade II listed building since 1956.
History
St John's was built to replace an earlier church which was considered "unsightly and inconvenient". The decision to replace the old church was made by the end of 1847, with drawings for a "chaste and handsome" new church having been made by Benjamin Ferrey. A plot of land for the new church was given by Charles Sturt of Crichel House and Charles Porcher of Clyffe House paid for its construction.
Construction of the new church began in 1849 and the parish's services were temporarily moved to the nearby schoolroom. St John's and its burial ground was consecrated by the Bishop of Salisbury, the Right Rev. Edward Denison, on 1 November 1850.
Architecture
St John's is built of squared and coursed rubble, with Hamstone dressings and tiled roofs. It is made up of a nave, chancel, vestry and north porch. The church has a west bell-cot containing two bells, with a clock below.
Some of the old church's fittings and memorials were transferred to the new church. The font is made from Purbeck stone and has been dated to the 12th-century, although it has since been reshaped. The stem and base of the font is of 19th or 20th-century date. On the north wall of the chancel is a monument to Anne Seymour, dated 1844, along with two marble tablets made by Lester of Dorchester; one to Rev. Thomas Seymour, dated 1849, and the other to Jane Seymour, dated 1850. On the north wall of the nave is a marble monument to Rachel Baynard, dated 1667, and another to George Baynard, dated 1693. The south wall has a monument to Maria White, dated 1718. The nave contains two floor slabs to Thomas Baynard, dated 1683, and Radolphus Baynard, dated 1695.
The church's organ was built in 1885 by Maley, Young & Oldknow of London. It was first used in the church on 6 December 1885 and was later restored by Geo. Osmond & Co of Taunton in 1969. In 1889, Mrs. Porcher had a reredos erected in the church in memory of Charles Porcher. The chancel has a memorial window to Vice-Chancellor Sir Richard Torin Kindersley, who died in 1879. It was placed by E. L. Kindersley of Clyffe House.
References
Church of England church buildings in Dorset
1850 establishments in England
Grade II listed churches in Dorset
Cayennia is a monotypic snout moth genus described by George Hampson in 1930. Its only species, Cayennia rufitinctalis, described by the same author in the same year, is found in French Guiana.
References
Phycitinae
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of South America
The Academy of Our Lady of Mercy, Lauralton Hall, established in 1905 by the Sisters of Mercy, is an independent, Roman Catholic, all-girls high school at 200 High Street in Milford, Connecticut, United States. It is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford.
It is the oldest Catholic college-preparatory school for girls in Connecticut. In August 2011, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places by the Connecticut Historic Preservation Council.
The school's 30-acre campus is located a block from the Metro-North Railroad's Milford station.
Students attend Lauralton Hall from nearly 40 cities and towns.
Recent accomplishments
The Lauralton Hall Engineering Team earned the highest score out of eight teams for its aircraft stability design presented engineers in the 2018 Sikorsky STEM Challenge, and defended their title in 2019, winning again. (In 2017, the LH Engineering Team was the first all-girl team to participate in - and win - the Sikorsky STEM Challenge).
The LH Field Hockey team won the 2020 S.C.C Connecticut championship. The coach, Christine Miller, and their captains (Veronica Pinho and Julia Proto) helped lead the team to success.
The LH Swim Team earned 2018 Class M State Championship and placed second in the SCC.
The LH Cheerleading Team placed first in the 2017 Class L State Championships and placed second in the SCC. In 2018, the cheer team placed second in the 2018 Class L State Championships and fifth in the 2018 New England Championships.
Notable alumnae
Rosa DeLauro, Democratic Congresswoman
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Haven County, Connecticut
References
Buildings and structures in Milford, Connecticut
Schools in New Haven County, Connecticut
Catholic secondary schools in Connecticut
Educational institutions established in 1905
Girls' schools in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in New Haven County, Connecticut
Sisters of Mercy schools
1905 establishments in Connecticut
BRICSat-P or OSCAR 83 (NO-83) previously known as PSat-B, is a U.S. technology demonstration satellite and an amateur radio satellite for Packet Radio. BRICSat-P (Ballistic Reinforced Communication Satellite) is a low cost 1.5U CubeSat built by the U.S. Naval Academy Satellite Lab in collaboration with George Washington University, that will demonstrate on-orbit operation of a Micro-Cathode Arc Thruster (µCAT) electric propulsion system and carries an amateur communication payload.
Mission
A four µCAT thruster head system was placed on one side of the spacecraft around the center of gravity and will de-tumble the satellite from its initial expulsion, demonstrate rotational control about 2 axes, and perform a delta-V end of life scenario. Orbital analyses performed indicate that the four thruster-head system is able to fit in a 1.5U Cubesat with low power consumption such that other subsystems such as communication systems can perform normally. Dynamics analysis has been performed in MATLAB Simulink and STK that shows the thrusters can successfully perform the attitude control maneuvers. The project is fully funded and launched on 20 May 2015.
Status
BRICSat-P suffered from power budget problems and has been unable to support all of its primary missions.
Frequencies
BRICSat has 2 amateur communication payloads on boards: APRS constellation transponder with downlink on 437.975 MHz and with uplink on 145.825 MHz 1k2 and 9k6 AX25 PSK31 transponder with a 28.120 MHz uplink (2.5 kHz bandwidth) and a UHF FM downlink.
See also
OSCAR
References
External links
Ballistic Reinforced Satellite (BRICSat) (PDF)
Satellites orbiting Earth
Amateur radio satellites
Spacecraft launched in 2015
CubeSats
Bernard Davenport (19 August 1939 – 11 June 2018) was an Irish Ambassador.
Davenport was born in Dublin. They graduated from Trinity College Dublin, in 1963 in economics and politics, followed by an MA in economics. They joined the Dublin section of The Economist's Economic Intelligence Unit under Garret Fitzgerald.
In 1968 they joined the Department of Foreign Affairs as 3rd secretary. From 1978 to 1983 they served as counsellor at the U.N.
They became ambassador to Argentina in 1989. During their tenure, on St. Patrick's Day 1992, an hour and a half after they had left the embassy to attend St. Patrick's day functions, a bomb exploded at the nearby Israeli Embassy. The Irish Embassy was empty, but the interior was wrecked.
In 1996 they returned to headquarters to work in the Anglo-Irish Division. During their time at the U.N. they had become very friendly with Martti Ahtisaari, then deputy secretary general of the U.N. and later President of Finland. This contact was helpful in later years when Ahtessaari was instrumental in getting former Finnish Prime Minister, Harri Holkieri, to be part of the troika with U.S. Senator George Mitchell and retired Canadian General John de Chastelain which engaged with paramilitaries on both sides in Northern Ireland which paved the way for the Belfast Agreement in 1998.
They were one of the key people in the run-up to that agreement. As one of the few people in the Anglo-Irish Division with serious U.N. experience, they put a great emphasis on lodging the agreement with the U.N. as an international agreement and was heavily involved with drafting the text to ensure it was compatible with U.N. treaties.
They later served as ambassador to Switzerland. Their final posting was to the Holy See.
They presented their Letters of Credence to the Holy See in September 2001. They retired in 2004
References
Notes
"The Great Tuam Annual 3", 1992
External links
Speech of Pope John Paul 11 at presentation of credentials by Ambassador Bernard Davenport
1939 births
2018 deaths
People from Tuam
People from County Galway
Ambassadors of Ireland to Argentina
Ambassadors of Ireland to the Holy See
The 1943 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets of the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1943 college football season.
Schedule
References
Georgia Tech
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football seasons
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Sugar Bowl champion seasons
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football
Phtheochroa purana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in France, Italy, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Hungary, Romania and Asia Minor.
The wingspan is 14–16 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July.
The larvae feed on Cephalaria leucantha.
References
Moths described in 1845
Phtheochroa
{
"type": "ExternalData",
"service": "geoshape",
"ids": "Q7162240",
"properties": {
"title": "Penang Sentral",
"description": "none",
}
}
Penang Sentral is an intermodal transit-oriented development in Butterworth, Penang, Malaysia. Proposed as the main transportation hub for the State of Penang, and by extension, Greater Penang, the first phase of the Penang Sentral project opened on 22 November 2018.
Modeled after KL Sentral in Kuala Lumpur, the first phase of Penang Sentral will serve as the terminal for both public and intercity buses, and is physically connected to the adjacent Butterworth railway station and the Penang Ferry terminal. The project will eventually comprise an integrated terminal for all bus, rail and sea transportation services within Penang. Future phases of the project also include commercial, retail and residential developments.
History
Touted as the gateway to northern Malaysia by its developers, the Penang Sentral project was announced by the then Malaysian Prime Minister, Abdullah Badawi in 2007. The project, covering a 12.8 hectare site in the heart of Butterworth, was to be jointly undertaken by Malaysian Resources Corporation Berhad (MRCB) and Perlaburan Hartanah Bumiputera Berhad.
Veritas Architects was put in charge of the design works of the proposed transit-oriented development, while the construction of Phase 1 was allocated to a subsidiary of MRCB, Penang Sentral Sdn Bhd. Penang Sentral was modeled after KL Sentral, which also incorporated commercial and residential elements. The entire project was divided into eight phases, of which the second, third and fourth phases comprised a shopping complex, three office blocks and a 36-storey hotel respectively.
However, since its launch in 2007, the Penang Sentral project has suffered repeated delays. Land acquisition became the main stumbling block, as the parcels of land earmarked for the development were owned by several parties, namely the Malaysian federal government, the Penang state government, highway concessionaires and Keretapi Tanah Melayu, the national railway operator. As a result, construction of Phase 1 of Penang Sentral only began in earnest in 2015.
Station layout
Gallery
References
External links
Penang Sentral Website
Transport in Penang
Lamu-Garissa-Isiolo Road, is a road in Kenya, and is part of the Lamu-Garissa-Isiolo-Lokichar Road, which itself is a component of the Lamu Port and Lamu-Southern Sudan-Ethiopia Transport Corridor (LAPSSET) Project.
Location
The road starts in the port city of Lamu and proceeds in a northwesterly direction through the town of Bura, Tana River County, (not to be confused with Bura, Garissa County) and continue on to the town of Garissa. At Garissa, the road continues its northwesterly direction to Mado Gashi. Here it takes a southwesterly direction through Garba Tula, to end at Isiolo, a total distance of approximately . The approximate coordinates of the road, immediately north of the town of Garissa are:0°22'14.0"S, 39°42'37.0"E (Latitude:-0.370556; Longitude: 39.710278).
Overview
This road is part of Lapsset corridor highway project. At Isiolo, this road links with the Isiolo-Lokichar Road, which is also planned. The road the joins with the existing Eldoret-Juba Highway, which will lead to the border with South Sudan. Also at Isiolo the Lamu-Garissa-Isiolo Road will connect with the planned Isiolo-Moyale Road leading to the border with Ethiopia at Moyale.
In October 2016, a consortium of lenders, led by the Development Bank of South Africa agreed to lend the estimated Kenya Sh:71 billion (about US$700 million), needed to construct this road.
Urban centres
The following urban centres lie along the route of the planned Lamu–Garissa–Isiolo Road: (1) Lamu Port (2) Bura, Garrisa, Kachiuru and Ndumuru in Meru County, Mado Gashi, El Dera, Gaba Tula and Isiolo.
Intersections
These are the major intersections along this road: (1) The Mombasa–Garissa Road at Garissa (2) The Thika–Liboi Road at Garissa (3) The Garissa–Nuno–Modogashe–Wajir Road at Garissa (4) The Isiolo-Mandera Road at Mado Gashi.
Intersections with planned roads include: (1) The Isiolo-Lokichar Road at Isiolo and (2) The Isiolo-Moyale Road also at Isiolo.
See also
Trans-African Highway network
List of roads in Kenya
References
External links
Website of LAPSSET Corridor Development Authority (LCDA)
Roads in Kenya
Lamu
Lamu County
Tana River County
Garissa County
Isiolo County
The Cholsey and Wallingford Railway is a long standard gauge heritage railway in the English county of Oxfordshire. It operates along most of the length of the former Wallingford branch of the Great Western Railway (GWR), from Cholsey station, north of Reading on the Great Western Main Line, to a station on the outskirts of the nearby town of Wallingford.
History
The first proposals for the Cholsey to Wallingford line date from 1861, and envisaged an independently owned route from Cholsey to Princes Risborough via Wallingford, Benson, Watlington and Chinnor. This line would have been a through route, with junctions with the Great Western Railway at Cholsey and the Wycombe Railway at Princes Risborough. In 1862, a Bill was presented to Parliament for a short branch from Cholsey to Wallingford, but this was withdrawn early in 1863, before it had come up for consideration. It was replaced by the Wallingford and Watlington Railway Bill which was passed by Parliament in July 1864.
The W&WR opened as far as Wallingford on 2 July 1866. Unfortunately, two months earlier, in May 1866, the Overend, Gurney & Co bank had crashed, causing the severest financial crisis of the nineteenth century. The Bank Rate was raised to 10%, making it impossible for the W&WR to raise the capital for its planned continuation to Watlington. In 1871, Parliament consented to the railway abandoning its plans for the line beyond Wallingford. The company was sold to the GWR in 1872.
The railway became popularly known as the Wallingford Bunk. The Curator of the Cholsey and Wallingford Railway Museum attributes the following story to the late Mrs Harold Gale. "Around the turn of the century, the loco did a 'bunk'. It left Cholsey station without its coaches. Harold and Len Gale, returning from football in Reading, had uncoupled the loco while it waited in the bay platform."
The line closed to passengers in 1959, and the last British Rail goods traffic into the old Wallingford Station ran in 1965. However most of the line was retained to serve the maltings adjacent to the railway to the south of Hithercroft Road, Wallingford. Rail service to this plant ceased in 1981 when BR removed the junction at Cholsey. The Cholsey and Wallingford Railway Preservation Society was then formed to conserve the line for tourist services. It first ran train rides for the public in 1985, with regular advertised services over the full available length of the line beginning in 1997. Steam traction has also been reintroduced.
Services
Most services on the Cholsey and Wallingford Railway are currently hauled by the resident diesel locomotives with visiting steam locomotives for special events. Trains run on weekends and bank holidays between April and September, and at Halloween and Christmas. The railway's web site has details of operating days.
The original branch platform at Cholsey station is now used by the CWR, and trains connect there with Great Western Railway stopping services on the Great Western Main Line between Reading and Didcot stations.
The original Wallingford railway station and the last segment of the line have long been built on, and the old station site is now crossed, ironically, by Beeching Way. The line now terminates at a makeshift station which is the railway's headquarters on Hithercroft Road (formerly known as Old Moor Lane). The new station is adjacent to the site of the maltings that kept the line alive into the preservation era. The maltings were demolished early in the new millennium and replaced by housing, releasing some extra land to the railway. The CWR plans to build a permanent station when resources are available.
Rolling stock
Locomotives
The line is the home to several diesel locomotives, including three of British Rail's ubiquitous Class 08 shunters, which are used on most trains. Steam also currently operates on the railway, by locomotives Peckett 2142 and 6515 Isebrook.
Operational
British Rail Class 08 08 022 Lion, ex-Guinness Brewery, Park Royal, London (Operational, August 2022) (DE = diesel-electric)
British Rail Class 08 08 060 Unicorn, ex-Guinness Brewery, Park Royal, London (Operational, August 2022)
British Rail Class 08 08 123 George Mason (Operational, August 2022)
Peckett & Sons Works No 2142 Northern Gas Board No 1, owned by the Darlington Railway Preservation Society. (Operational, August 2022)
12 Sentinel Sentinel Works No 6515, privately owned. (Operational, August 2022)
Not operational
Hibberd Carpenter, ex-Guinness Brewery, Park Royal, London (under repair, July 2017) (DM = diesel mechanical)
Railcars
One Wickham trolley
Carriage and wagon
The line has a varied collection of passenger carriages and freight wagons.
Gallery
Notes
References
External links
The official Cholsey and Wallingford Railway web site
Heritage railways in Oxfordshire
Railway companies established in 1861
Railway lines opened in 1866
Railway companies disestablished in 1872
Rail transport in Berkshire
Rail transport in Oxfordshire
Wallingford, Oxfordshire
1861 establishments in England
Silvia Ziche (; born 5 July 1967) is an Italian comic book artist and writer, known for their work in Disney comics for the Italian comic digest Topolino.
Biography
Ziche was born in Thiene. Ziche has also worked on the magazines Linus, Comix and Cuore.
 They are known for their long story arcs published during successive issues of Topolino, such as "Paperina di Rivondosa", "Topokolossal", "Il papero del mistero", "Il Grande Splash" and "Papere alla deriva".
Awards and honours
Ziche won the 1997 Lucca Comics' Panther Award for Best Emerging Author and the 1999 Lucca Comics' Panther Award for Best Designer of Humorous Comics.
References
External links
Silvia Ziche at the Lambiek Comiclopedia
1967 births
Living people
20th-century Italian women artists
21st-century Italian women artists
People from Thiene
Italian comics artists
Italian comics writers
Italian female comics artists
Female comics writers
Disney comics artists
Leonard Rodwell Wilkinson (born 15 October 1868) was an English footballer who earned one cap for the national team in 1891. Wilkinson played club football for Oxford University.
External links
1868 births
Year of death unknown
English footballers
England international footballers
Oxford University A.F.C. players
Footballers from Highgate
Association football goalkeepers
"When Tomorrow Comes" is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox, David A. Stewart and guest keyboardist Pat Seymour. With this single and its parent album Revenge, Lennox and Stewart continued with the rock and R&B sound from their previous album Be Yourself Tonight.
Released as the lead single from the album, "When Tomorrow Comes" was a modest hit in the UK, only reaching the Top 30. It proved to be a much bigger success in Australia and Scandinavia, where it reached the Top 10. "When Tomorrow Comes" was not released as a single in the United States.
Track listing
7" Single
A: "When Tomorrow Comes" (Album Version) - 4:29
B: "Take Your Pain Away" (Album Version) - 4:34
12" Single
A: "When Tomorrow Comes" (Extended Version) - 6:37
B1: "Take Your Pain Away" (Album Version) - 4:34
B2: "When Tomorrow Comes" (Orchestral Version) - 4:28
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Cover versions
"When Tomorrow Comes" was covered by the Swedish singer/songwriter Anna Ternheim in 2005.
Erika Spring (artist name of Erika Forster from Au Revoir Simone) covered "When Tomorrow Comes" on their debut 12".
"When Tomorrow Comes" was covered live by K's Choice, the Belgian rock band from Antwerp-
References
External links
1986 singles
1986 songs
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
The 1946 Eastern Kentucky Maroons football team was an American football team that represented Eastern Kentucky State College (now known as Eastern Kentucky University) as a member of the Kentucky Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (KIAC) during the 1946 college football season. In their tenth and final season under head coach Rome Rankin, the Maroons compiled a 5–4 record (3–1 against KIAC opponents), won the KIAC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 112 to 88.
Schedule
References
Eastern Kentucky
Eastern Kentucky Colonels football seasons
Eastern Kentucky Maroons football
Charles Francis Douglas (4 November 1833 – 21 January 1904) was an American architect from Maine.
Douglas was born in Brunswick, and was educated at the Foxcroft Academy. At the age of 18, they were apprenticed to a house-builder, with whom they remained for three years. While working as a carpenter, they independently studied architecture. In the 1860s, they moved to Skowhegan where they opened in independent office. They remained there until their bankruptcy in 1869, and relocated their office to Lewiston by the following year. They left Maine for Philadelphia in 1873, apparently because of strains put on the architectural profession by the Panic of 1873. Upon arriving in Philadelphia, they gave up their practice.
Many of their works have been placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Architectural works
Eaton School, Upper Main St. & Mercer Rd., Norridgewock, ME (1866-67)
Charles F. Douglas House , 13 Perkins St., Norridgewock, ME (1868)
Pleasant Street M. E. Church, 61 Pleasant St., Waterville, ME (1869) - Demolished.
Lyceum Hall, 49 Lisbon St., Lewiston, ME (1872)
Somerset County Courthouse, 47 Court St., Skowhegan, ME (1872-73)
Barker Mill, 143 Mill St., Auburn, ME (1873)
William H. Glover House, 67 Talbot Ave., Rockland, ME (1873)
Albert B. Nealey House , 10 Frye St., Lewiston, ME (1873)
Milton Wedgewood House , 101 Pine St., Lewiston, ME (1873)
Gallery
References
1833 births
1904 deaths
Architects from Maine
19th-century American architects
People from Brunswick, Maine
Foxcroft Academy alumni
Denis Jäpel (born 26 May 1998) is a German footballer who plays for Regionalliga Nordost side 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
References
Living people
1998 births
Association football forwards
German footballers
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
VfB Germania Halberstadt players
FSV Zwickau players
1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
The United States national professional ballroom dance champions are crowned at the United States Dance Championships (formerly USDSC, and USBC), as recognized by the National Dance Council of America (NDCA) and the World Dance & DanceSport Council (WD&DSC).
The 10-dance division consists of International-style standard waltz, tango, Viennese waltz, foxtrot, quickstep and Latin cha-cha-cha, samba, rumba, paso doble, and jive.
U.S. National Champions
See also
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Standard)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Latin)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Smooth)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Rhythm)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 9-Dance)
Dancesport World Champions (Ten Dance)
Dancesport World Champions (Professional Standard)
Dancesport World Champions (Professional Latin)
References
External links
United States Dance Sport Championships (USDSC)
National Dance Council of America (NDCA)
Dancesport Competitions
Dancesport Info
Dancesport in the United States
A Short History of the World is a general history non-fiction book written by Australian historian Geoffrey Blainey. First published in 2000 by Penguin Books, it describes over 4 million years of history, from before the first people left Africa, through to the current day.
In 2007 Blainey released an abridged (492 pages) paperback version of the book titled A Very Short History of the World. They also released a double audio CD set of the same name.
Other books of the same title
A book of the same title was written by H. G. Wells in 1920.
British historian John Roberts published A Short History of the World in 1997, as a follow-up to their larger 1994 book History of the World.
Notes
References
Blainey, Geoffery (2000). A Short History Of The World. Penguin Books, Victoria.
External links
Review by John Derbyshire, Claremont Review of Books, Spring 2003
Review by R.J.Stove, National Observer, No. 48, Autumn 2001
2000 non-fiction books
Books by Geoffrey Blainey
Penguin Books books
Monte Castello is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 1092 metres.
Conservation
The mountain since 1989 is included in the Parco naturale regionale dell'Antola.
References
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Piedmont
One-thousanders of Italy
Mountains of the Apennines
Hannu Aravirta (born 26 March 1953) is a Finnish ice hockey player and an ice hockey coach for the Finnish national men's team, SM-liiga and Elitserien.
Career as player
Aravirta was born in Savonlinna, and made their first professional appearance in the 1973–1974 season, playing 35 games for TuTo in the SM-liiga. In the following season Aravirta played for their hometown team SaPKo in the Suomi-sarja for one season (1974–1975). Aravirta then headed to Kärpät for a three-season stint. Kärpät gained promotion from the first division to the SM-liiga after the 1976–1977 season and Aravirta played for the team in the 1977–1978 season. Aravirta left Oulu and Finland as they went to Södertälje SK to play in Swedish Allsvenskan. Aravirta stayed in Södertälje for a total of 3 seasons (1978–1980), and then played in Kiruna AIF for 1980–1981, their last season in Sweden. Aravirta returned to Finland and played for Kärpät for two seasons (1981–1983) before retiring from playing.
Career as coach
Aravirta's first SM-liiga head coaching job was in the 1988–1989 season at JYP. Aravirta was the head coach of JYP for 5 seasons (1989–1993), winning 2 silver medals, 1 bronze and the Coach of the Year trophy (Kalevi Numminen trophy). More success came when in 1993 Aravirta was hired as the new head coach for Jokerit. In their first season at the helm of Jokerit Aravirta won the Finnish Championship. In the following season (1994–1995) they won silver and at their third season (1995–1996) another Finnish Championship.
After the success of 1996 Aravirta left their position in Jokerit to concentrate in their national team assistant coaching job. Aravirta returned to the SM-liiga for the 2003–2004 season when they were hired to coach former Helsinki rivals HIFK. Aravirta's first season was good as HIFK won bronze but their second season however was to be different. Aravirta was fired during the 2005 SM-liiga playoffs after very poor play from HIFK. Aravirta made their third return to SM-liiga in 2006 when they replaced Jami Kauppi as the head coach of Pelicans(whom they have lifted from a team constantly fighting among the bottom teams to a force to be reckoned with. In the 2007–2008 season, Pelicans led the league for the greater part of the year). During their 10-season SM-liiga coaching career Aravirta has won 2 championships, 3 silver medals and 2 bronze medals.
In January 2010, Aravirta signed on for Modo Hockey in the Swedish Elitserien. Their contract was not extended after the season, and they signed with Kärpät in November 2010.
International career
In 1992 Aravirta was hired as assistant coach in Finnish national men's ice hockey team Aravirta's first international success came in the 1994 Winter Olympics where Finland was 3rd, winning its second Olympic medal in ice hockey. Finland also placed 2nd in the 1994 Ice Hockey World Championships, losing to Canada in a shootout. In 1995 Finland won its first ever World Championship when the Finnish team defeated hosts of the 1995 Ice Hockey World Championship tournament, Sweden 4–1.
The following World Championships in 1996 and 1997 were disappointments as the Finnish team couldn't qualify for medal games (1997 Ice Hockey World Championships were in Finland). 1998 became a blockbuster season for Finnish ice hockey. First the Finns defeated Canada in the 1998 Winter Olympics to win their third Olympic medal, again a bronze one. 1998 Ice Hockey World Championships featured Finland going against Sweden in the two game finals. Finland lost the first final game 1–0 and the second game was a 0–0 tie. Sweden won the World Championships and Aravirta took their first medal as the head coach of Finland (Curt Lindström retired after 1997 championships). Aravirta had a good start as the head coach of team Finland and more was to come. in 1999 Finland was yet again in the finals but this time the Czech Republic won.
The 2000 tournament was a step backwards; the Finnish team was beaten by Slovakia in the semifinals so Finland was to face Canada in the bronze game. Finland won the tight game 2–1 and got its first bronze medal in the World Championships. The 2001 World Championship tournament was Aravirta's last tournament in medals. Finland fought its way to the Finals and faced off with the Czech Republic. Finland led the game 2–0 but ended up losing 2–3 in overtime. The 2002 Olympic tournament saw the Finnish team lose to Canada in the quarterfinals 2-1 and the 2002 World Championships didn't have a better ending for Finns. Finland lost to Sweden in the Bronze game and the Swedes would avenge their defeat in 1995 (the 2002 tournament was played in Sweden). The 2003 Ice Hockey World Championships marked the last tournament for Hannu Aravirta as the head coach of team Finland. Finland progressed through to the quarterfinals where it yet again faced Sweden. Finland had a comfortable 5–1 Lead after the first period but 2nd and 3rd periods of that game were catastrophic. Sweden won the game 6–5 and dropped Finland from the semifinals. After retiring from national team coaching Aravirta was the head coach of the Finnish Junior Ice Hockey Team.
Achievements
As National Team Assistant Coach: 1 Gold (1995), 1 Silver (1994) & 1 Olympic Bronze (1994).
As National Team Head Coach: 3 Silvers (1998, 1999 & 2001), 1 Bronze (2000) & 1 Olympic Bronze (1998)
References
Finnish ice hockey world championship gold medalists
People from Savonlinna
1953 births
Finland men's national ice hockey team coaches
Finnish ice hockey forwards
Finnish ice hockey coaches
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Living people
Oulun Kärpät players
TuTo players
SaPKo players
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Sportspeople from South Savo
Mansuriyeh or Mansuryeh or Mansouria (, ) may refer to places in:
Algeria
Ziama Mansouriah District
Iran
Mansuriyeh, Fars
Mansuriyeh, Isfahan
Mansuriyeh, Khuzestan
Mansuriyeh-ye Yek, Khuzestan Province
Mansuriyeh-ye Do, Khuzestan Province
Mansuriyeh-ye Seh, Khuzestan Province
Mansuriyeh-ye Sadat, Khuzestan Province
Mansuriyeh, Nishapur, Razavi Khorasan Province
Mansuriyeh, Torbat-e Jam, Razavi Khorasan Province
Mansuriyeh, South Khorasan
Iraq
El Mansouria, Iraq
Kuwait
Mansouria, Kuwait
Lebanon
El Mansouria, Lebanon
Morocco
El Mansouria, Morocco
Tunisia
Mansouria, Tunisia
Yemen
El Mansouria, Yemen
See also
Mansoura (disambiguation)
Barrackpore Racecourse railway station is a railway station at Barrackpur Cantonment, Barrackpore in North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is a part of the Kolkata Suburban Railway system and is under the jurisdiction of Eastern Railway. This railway station is presently abandoned and used by the Indian Army exclusively.
History
The railway station was built on a branch line originating from Barrackpore railway station in 1928 that served the Barrackpore Cantonment area. Barrackpore had a race course established by Royal Calcutta Turf Club and a special single rail track took steam engine-driven trains there, carrying British passengers who would attend the race. The line has been depreciated since and this is used by the Indian Army only.
Gallery
References
External links
Railway stations in North 24 Parganas district
Barrackpore
Kolkata Suburban Railway stations
Defunct railway stations in India
Vito Kapo ( Kondi, 11 September 1922 – 29 February 2020) was an Albanian politician who served as Minister of the Light Industry. They were the wife of Hysni Kapo, a member of the Politburo of the Party of Labour of Albania, and a sister of the Albanian World War II hero Alqi Kondi. They were also the President of the Union of Albanian Women for nearly thirty years. Kapo was born in September 1922 in Zagori, Gjirokaster District. They died in February 2020 in Tirane at the age of 97.
In their work as President of the Union of Albanian Women, they stated that the struggle the Party of Labour of Albania was waging for the emancipation of women was a "struggle for the triumph of revolutionary ideology of the working class, and the destruction of the reactionary bourgeois and petit bourgeois ideology."
Sources
1922 births
2020 deaths
20th-century Albanian politicians
20th-century Albanian women politicians
Industry and mines ministers of Albania
Labour Party of Albania politicians
People from Libohovë
Government ministers of Albania
Women government ministers of Albania
Members of the Parliament of Albania
Women members of the Parliament of Albania
The 2016–17 Moldovan "B" Division () was the 26th season of Moldovan football's third-tier league. A total of 29 teams competed in this division. The season began on 27 August 2016 and ended on 2 June 2017.
The league consisted of two regional groups, Nord (North) and Sud (South).
League table
North
Results
South
Results
References
External links
Divizia B - Results, fixtures, tables and news - Soccerway
Moldovan Liga 2 seasons
3
Moldova 3
Joan Alicia Shenton (born 16 March 1943) is a British broadcaster who has produced and presented programmes for radio and television.
Shenton is known as an exponent of the ideas of AIDS denial.
Early life
Shenton was born in Antofagasta, Chile to an English father and Anglo-Chilean mother. They lived in Chile, Argentina, Guatemala and Venezuela. When they were 11 they came to England to St Catherine's School, Bramley, Surrey.
In 1961, they matriculated as a state scholar at St Anne's College, Oxford, reading Spanish and French. They ultimately gained an MA (Hons) in Modern Languages.
Early career
In 1964, they joined the BBC World Service, broadcasting in Spanish for the Latin American Service. They reported on London stories for presenter Juan Peirano on Actualidades and Ritmo de Londres.
They then reported in Spanish for the Central Office of Information (COI) on a weekly television programme called This Week in Britain (TWIBS) which was given to British Embassies in Latin America and provided free to the respective countries' television stations.
They became a reporter/presenter for Anglia Television and then BBC's Nationwide, where they worked for Michael Townson, editor of London region.
In 1972, they became seriously ill with drug-induced lupus after excessive medication in Spain. This led to their lifelong interest in injury from prescribed drugs. Together with Lilian Wilding and through the Thames Television Help! programme, Shenton later founded the Steroid Aid Group in 1979 and became honorary president.
After their recovery, they joined Thames Television in 1973 as co-presenter with Tony Bastable on the consumer programme Money-Go-Round, produced by Mary McAnally. During this period, they also presented Thames Television's social affairs programme Help!
Shenton resumed their radio career in 1973, joining Capital Radio under the editorship of Michael Bukht (also known as the chef Michael Barry). They broadcast for Capital from the station's very first day on air, and co-presented a daily three-hour live programme Swap Shop with Tommy Vance. They then went on to present Capital's weekly hospital radio programme called Person to Person.
Independent producer
In 1978, together with Ronnie Noble, Shenton founded their independent production company Meditel Productions and made its first series of programmes about joint replacement surgery together with surgeon Michael Freeman.
They produced and presented for the BBC's Tonight the first live broadcast of a total hip replacement operation relayed from the then London Hospital, Whitechapel to a conference of surgeons in Bern, Switzerland. The programme was relayed by the European Broadcasting Union. In 1980, Meditel made Microsurgeons of Shanghai about Chen Zhong Wei's work on limb and finger replantation (TV Eye, Thames TV).
Around the time Channel 4 was founded, Shenton and business partner Alison Hawkes turned Meditel Productions into a limited company and secured one of Channel 4's first factual programmes commissions. They made Kill or Cure?, two series of programmes on injury from prescribed drugs, together with pharmacologist Dr Andrew Herxheimer. These programmes were used by University College London Medical School to train students of pharmacology.
Other programmes in this period include Who Cares? (Channel 4), a four-part series on comparative healthcare around the world. One of the programmes, Keeping the Beat, which challenged currently held views on fat and cholesterol won the Medical Journalists Association and Pearl Assurance Special Merit Award (1986).
Central Television's Viewpoint series commissioned an international look at approaches to mental illness, Forgotten Millions (1987), which Shenton co-produced with David Cohen. It won the Red Ribbon Award: American Film and Video Association (1989).
A one-hour documentary, Impotence – One in Ten Men, for Channel 4 won the British Medical Association Educational Merit Award (1990).
In the late 1980s, together with Meditel's producer Jad Adams, Meditel made two network six-part series about food, Food – Fad or Fact?, co-produced with Tom Goodison of Television South West. Food – Fad or Fact? "Salt" won the New Jersey Television and Movie Awards (1988). "The Cholesterol Campaign" won at the Houston International Film Festival: Bronze Award, Educational Documentaries (1989).
AIDS denial
Shenton is known as a HIV/AIDS hypothesis critic; in 2012 investigative health journalist Brian Deer wrote for The Guardian that they "comes across as the queen of denial". Shenton has no medical or scientific training. Yusef Azad, director of policy and campaigns at the National AIDS Trust summarized Shenton's views as "scientific illiteracy" and conspiracy mongering.
Background
A programme for Channel 4's Dispatches series (AIDS: The Unheard Voices), produced by Jad Adams, was the first of four Meditel commissions on the subject. It won the Royal Television Society Journalism Award (1988) and Meditel was the first independent production company ever to win this award. There followed The AIDS Catch (Dispatches, 1990), then AZT – Cause for Concern (Dispatches, 1991) which was awarded the British Medical Association Educational Merit Award (1992). AIDS and Africa (Dispatches, 1993) travelled across Africa and challenged the reported figures for AIDS at the time.
During this period, Meditel made a series of reports on the AIDS debate which were shown on Sky News: Amsterdam Alternative AIDS Conference (1992) featuring AIDS denialist, molecular biologist Peter Duesberg; AZT Babies (1992); AIDS Dissidents in Europe (1993). In late 1993 a one-hour documentary called Diary of an AIDS Dissident was transmitted on Sky News.
In 2000, Shenton and Huw Christie, editor of Continuum magazine, made Search for Solutions: The Great AIDS Debate for M-Net's Carte Blanche programme in South Africa. It included a specially granted interview with President Thabo Mbeki.
In 2010, Shenton was part of the Alternative AIDS Conference in Vienna and was amongst a number of denialists interviewed by Russia Today.
The following year, the independent film Positively False: Birth of a Heresy, co-produced with Andi Reiss, was released by Meditel and Yellow Productions. The film brought together highlights from over 60 hours of footage from the Meditel archive, denying the link between HIV and AIDS. It was nominated for Best Documentary at the Lucerne (2011) and Marbella (2012) International Film Festivals.
In 2014, Shenton and Reiss made a 30-minute documentary, Positive Hell, which followed the lives of five individuals in Northern Spain who survived a diagnosis of HIV while shunning medication for decades. Positive Hell was also nominated for Best Documentary at Marbella International Film Festival (2014) and was selected for the online festivals LACineFest (2015), Digital Griffix, Montreal (2015) and the Indie Festival, Switzerland (2015). Following selection and subsequent banning from London Independent Film Festival, Portobello Film Festival and Bluestockings (New York) in 2016, the film won the Special Jury Prize for World Social Impact at the 2017 Queens World Film Festival. It was also screened at the National Action Network in Harlem and Parents in Action Centre, Jackson Heights.
Shenton is a board member of Rethinking AIDS. The medical and scientific community regards AIDS denialism as false pseudoscience and quackery, citing conclusive scientific evidence.
Other activities
Shenton lived for several years in the Dominican Republic where they founded a charity with lawyer and charity administrator Dra Susana Vargas in the Cibao region of the Dominican Republic. The charity, Fundacion Daniel Martinez, promotes sports education and cultural programmes teaching folkloric music and dance. The charity has constructed extra schoolroom wings in five rural schools, a polyclinic and a rehabilitation centre in Puerto Plata hospital.
In 1999, Shenton produced the Home Running documentary in the Dominican Republic for BBC Under the Sun, directed by Kim Flitcroft, about young Dominican baseball players who make it into the US Major League Academies.
Shenton sings with Latin American folk band Altamar which has performed on Capital Radio, at the Royal Albert Hall and in many theatres and wine bars.  They are a snooker player, having been a member of the 'B' team at the Portobello Green Snooker Club and participated in the Hammersmith and District Snooker League matches.
Awards and honours
1985, Silver Award: Berlin International Consumer Film competition
1986, Special Merit Award: Medical Journalists Association and Pearl Assurance
1988, International Current Affairs and Journalism Award: Royal Television Society
1988, Best Educational Award: New Jersey Television and Movie Awards
1989, Bronze Award (Educational Documentaries): Houston International Film Festival
1989, Red Ribbon Award: American Film and Video Association
1990, Certificate of Educational Merit: British Medical Association
1992, Certificate of Educational Merit: British Medical Association
2011, Nomination for Best Documentary: Lucerne International Film Festival
2012, Nomination for Best Documentary: Marbella International Film Festival
2014, Nomination for Best Documentary: Marbella International Film Festival
2015, Nomination for Best Documentary: The Indie Festival, Switzerland
2015, Nomination for Best Documentary: Digital Griffix Film Festival, Montreal
2015, Nomination for Best Documentary: LaCineFest
2017, Special Jury Prize for World Social Impact: Queens World Film Festival
Bibliography
Books
Kill or Cure? Drug Injury and What to Do About it with Jad Adams (1983)
Positively False: Exposing the Myths around HIV and AIDS (1998)
The Rough Guide to Merengue and Bachata (Rough Guides Reference Titles) as compiler [Audiobook] (2005)
The Rough Guide to Bachata (Rough Guides Reference Titles) as compiler [Audiobook] (2007)
Positively False: Exposing the Myths around HIV and AIDS – 16th Anniversary Edition (2015)
Programs and documentaries
London Hospital, Whitechapel, live relay via European Broadcasting Union (EBU) of hip replacement operation to Berne, Switzerland (1978)
Leukaemia – Total Bone Marrow Transplantation (1978)
Microsurgeons of Shanghai (1980)
Kill or Cure? (6-part series) (1982)
Following the Nation's Health (1983)
Health Kick-Back (1984)
Who Cares? (4 episodes) (1985)
Dalkon Shield: The Missing Women (1985)
Ten Million (2 series) (1985)
Viewpoint '87: Forgotten Millions (1987)
Kill or Cure? 2 (3 parts) (1987)
Food – Fad or Fact? (6 parts) (1987)
AIDS: The Unheard Voices (1987)
NSAIDs: More Harm than Good (1988)
Food – Fad or Fact? II (1989)
Impotence: One in Ten Men (1989)
HRT: Pause for Thought (1989)
The AIDS Catch (1990)
DES Children: Unto the Second Generation (1990)
Health Circuit (1990)
AZT: Cause for Concern (1991)
The Power to Change (1992)
AIDS and Africa (1992)
AIDS Dissidents in Europe (1992)
Amsterdam Alternative AIDS Conference (1992)
Diary of an AIDS Dissident (1993)
AZT Babies (1993)
The Pill Generation (1993)
Cot Deaths (1995)
Plastic Surgery techniques (1995)
Home Running (1999)
Search for Solutions: The Great AIDS Debate (2000)
Positively False: Birth of a Heresy (2011)
Positive Hell (2013)
Positively Wrong (2017)
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
People educated at St Catherine's School, Bramley
English documentary filmmakers
HIV/AIDS denialists
People from Antofagasta
Chilean emigrants to the United Kingdom
This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire. The title Lord Lieutenant is given to the British monarch's personal representative in the counties of the United Kingdom. The Lord Lieutenant is supported by a Vice Lord Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants which they or they appoint. Since 1715, all Lord Lieutenants have also been Custos Rotulorum of Cambridgeshire. Further information is on the website of the Lieutenancy of Cambridgeshire.
The current Lord-Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire is Mrs Julie Spence OBE QPM as of 4 April 2017.
Lord Lieutenants of Cambridgeshire to 1965
Incorporating the liberty of Isle of Ely, a county palatine from 1107 to 1535/6, declared a division of Cambridgeshire in 1837 when the secular powers of the Bishop of Ely ended. For the Soke of Peterborough to 1965, see Lord Lieutenant of Northamptonshire and for Huntingdonshire during this period, Lord Lieutenant of Huntingdonshire.
The Marquess of Northampton 1547–?
The 1st Lord North 1557–1564
The 2nd Lord North 20 November 1569 – ?
unknown
The 2nd Lord North 8 April 1588 – 3 December 1600
vacant
The 1st Earl of Suffolk 17 July 1602– 28 May 1626
The 2nd Earl of Suffolk 15 June 1626 – 3 June 1640
The Lord Maynard 17 June 1640 – 17 December 1640 jointly with
The Lord North 22 October 1640 – 1642
Interregnum
The 3rd Earl of Suffolk 25 July 1660 – 9 March 1681
The Lord Alington 9 March 1681 – 1 February 1685
The Earl of Sandwich 1685 (did not serve; exercised in their absence by:)
The Earl of Ailesbury 4 March 1685 – 20 October 1685
vacant
The Lord Dover 26 November 1686 – 10 May 1689
The 1st Duke of Bedford 10 May 1689 – 7 September 1700
Lord Edward Russell 22 November 1700 – 27 November 1701
The 2nd Duke of Bedford 27 November 1701 – 26 May 1711
The 6th Lord North 6 December 1711 – 28 October 1715
The Earl of Orford 28 October 1715 – 26 November 1727
The Earl of Lincoln 28 March 1728 – 7 September 1728
The Lord Montfort 13 June 1729 – 24 July 1742
The Duke of Newcastle 24 July 1742 – 25 August 1757
The 2nd Earl of Hardwicke 25 August 1757 – 16 May 1790
The 3rd Earl of Hardwicke 3 July 1790 – 18 November 1834
The 4th Earl of Hardwicke 20 January 1834– 17 September 1873
Charles Watson Townley 20 January 1874 – 17 October 1893
Alexander Peckover, 1st Baron Peckover 11 December 1893 – 12 December 1906
The Viscount Clifden 12 December 1906 – 1915
Charles Adeane CB 25 October 1915 – 11 February 1943
Richard George Briscoe 15 May 1943 – 16 June 1958
Robert Henry Parker 16 June 1958 – 14 April 1965
Lord Lieutenants of Cambridgeshire and the Isle of Ely
The Lieutenancy became that of Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely on 1 April 1965, when that administrative county was formed. For Huntingdon and Peterborough, see the separate Lord Lieutenant of Huntingdon and Peterborough.
Geoffrey Taylor Hurrell 14 April 1965 – 31 March 1974
Lord Lieutenants of Cambridgeshire from 1974
On 1 April 1974, the new non-metropolitan county of Cambridgeshire was formed from Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely and Huntingdon and Peterborough. On 1 April 1998, the city of Peterborough ceded from Cambridgeshire as a unitary authority, but it continues to form part of that county for ceremonial purposes.
Geoffrey Taylor Hurrell 1 April 1974 – 26 March 1975 (former Lord Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire and Isle of Ely), with
Dennis George Ruddock Herbert, 2nd Baron Hemingford 1 April 1974 – ?, styled Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire
Hon. Peter Esmé Brassey 26 March 1975 – 9 March 1981
Sir Peter Proby, Bt 9 March 1981 – 1985
Michael Guy Molesworth Bevan 1985 – 2 March 1992
James Crowden CVO 3 July 1992 – 2002
Sir Hugh Duberly CBE CVO 20 August 2003 – 4 April 2017
Julie Spence OBE QPM 4 April 2017 present
Deputy Lieutenants
A deputy lieutenant of Cambridgeshire is commissioned by the Lord Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire. Deputy lieutenants support the work of the lord-lieutenant. There can be several deputy lieutenants at any time, depending on the population of the county. Their appointment does not terminate with the changing of the lord-lieutenant, but they usually retire at age 75.
19th Century
25 January 1831: William Henry Cheere, Esq.
25 January 1831: George Newton, Esq.
16 February 1831: John Bendyshe, Esq.
16 February 1831: Henry Hawkins, Esq.
16 February 1831: Richard Huddleston, Esq.
16 February 1831: Wedd William Nash, Esq.
16 February 1831: John Phillips, Esq.
16 February 1831: James Wortham, Esq.
25 February 1831: Ebenezer Foster, Esq.
25 February 1831: Robert Francis Pate, Esq.
25 February 1831: John Wing, Esq.
See also
High Sheriff of Cambridgeshire
References
External links
Lord Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire
Local government in Cambridgeshire
Cambridgeshire
Lee Min-ho (, born June 22, 1987) is a South Korean actor and singer.
Discography
Extended plays
Single albums
Singles
Videography
References
Discographies of South Korean artists
Lyrico (Italian "lyric") can designate the following voice parts:
Soprano lirico (lyric soprano)
Lirico spinto (spinto soprano)
Tenore lirico (lyric tenor)
Tarbuck Crag () is one of a group of three high points about 0.75 nautical miles (1.4 km) southwest of Club Lake in the Vestfold Hills, Antarctica. The feature is 140 m high and has steep sides to the south and east. The feature was the terminal tellurometer station of the 1969 ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) Prince Chabroarles Mountains survey. Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for J. Tarbuck, cook at Wilkes Station in 1965, cook at Davis Station in 1969, and expedition assistant with ANARE at Wilkes in 1967.
The highest of the points houses a repeater station on marine channel 21, operated by the Australian Antarctic Division for use through the broader Vestfold Hills.
Mountains of Princess Elizabeth Land
Ingrid Christensen Coast
Cock-Cornelius House, also known as Wyckoff-Underhill House, is a historic home located at Locust Valley in Nassau County, New York. It is a 1- to -story, "U" shaped wood-frame dwelling sheathed in wood shingles. The main block is stories and five bays wide. The oldest section of the house is dated to the Federal period, about 1790. The house was expanded in the 1840s and in the 1920s-1930s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Federal architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1790
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Oyster Bay (town), New York
Edward Yarde (1669–1735), of Churston Court in the parish of Churston Ferrers in Devon was a Member of Parliament for Totnes in Devon 1695-1698.
They were the eldest son and heir of Edward Yarde (1638–1703) of Churston Court, MP for Ashburton in 1685, by their wife Anne Warre (died 1697), a daughter of Thomas Warre of Somerset.
In 1696 they married Susanna Sparke (died 1733), a member of the prominent Sparke family of The Friary, in the parish of St Jude, Plymouth, and widow of Henry II Northleigh (1643–1694) of Peamore, Exminster, three times MP for Okehampton. Henry Northleigh's sister Elizabeth Northleigh was the wife of Gilbert Yarde (died 1691/2), heir of Highweek and Bradley. Henry II Northleigh was the son and heir of Henry I Northleigh (1612–1675) by their wife Lettice Yard (born 1609), 2nd surviving daughter of Edward Yard (1583–1612) of Churston Ferrers. and great-aunt of Edward Yard (died 1735). By their wife they had five sons (three of whom died young) including:
John Yarde (1702–1773) of Churston Court, the eldest son and heir, whose only son Edward Yard (died 1752) predeceased them without children.
Francis Yarde (1703/4-1749/50), fifth son, who married their cousin Elizabeth Northleigh, by whom they had a daughter and sole heiress Susanna Yarde (born 1740), who became (in their issue) the heiress of their uncle John Yarde (1702–1773) of Churston Court. They married the judge Sir Francis Buller, 1st Baronet (1746–1800) of Downes, Crediton, and their eldest surviving son was Sir Francis Yarde-Buller (1767–1833), who in compliance with the will of their maternal great-uncle John Yarde (1702–1773) assumed the surname Yarde in lieu of their patronymic, but later by royal sign manual added the additional surname Buller. Their eldest surviving son was John Yarde-Buller, 1st Baron Churston (1799–1871), raised to the peerage in 1858, and their second surviving son was Sir Edward Manningham-Buller, 1st Baronet (1800–1882) of Dilhorne, Towcester, Northamptonshire (ancestor of Viscount Dilhorne), created a baronet in 1866, who adopted the surname Manningham in addition to and before their patronymic.
References
1669 births
1735 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Totnes
Elinor Bennett, Baroness Wigley, OBE (born April 1943) is a Welsh harpist who has an international reputation as a soloist, master instructor, and founded the Harp College of Wales.
Biography
Bennett was born in 1943 in Llanidloes, Wales. When they were six, their family moved into a house known as Gwyndy on the White Hall estate of Owen Morgan Edwards at Llanuwchllyn near Bala. They were a student at the local primary school and then attended the Bala Girls' Grammar School. Them father bought Bennett their first harp when they were six, though they did not begin lessons until age 11. Upon graduation from high school, Bennett studied law at University College Wales, Aberystwyth and after completing a Bachelor of Laws, they moved to London, where they were employed in a law office. Wanting to continue their education, they applied for and won a scholarship to attend the Royal Academy of Music, studying with Osian Ellis. Graduating three years later, they later completed music therapy courses in Australia.
Bennett's debut was at Wigmore Hall, London and then they worked from 1967 to 1971 as a freelance artist playing with the English Chamber Orchestra, London Symphony Orchestra, and the Philharmonia Orchestra. They have performed many recitals on BBC Radio 3 and BBC television. Though known most for classical music, Bennett has also played with some of Wales' most renowned figures from rock music. They have recorded twelve solo albums, and is one of the organisers of the Wales International Harp Festival. They founded the Coleg Telyn Cymru (Harp College of Wales) and is known for their instruction. Them students have included Catrin Finch, who later married their son Hywel.
In 1996, Bennett was made an Honorary Fellow at their alma mater in Aberystwyth; and in 2002 they received the White Robe of the National Eisteddfod of Wales, the festival's highest honour. They were the recipient of the Glyndŵr Award in 2003 and in 2006, they were honoured for their service to Wales with their music, receiving the Order of the British Empire. They published Tannau Tynion, their autobiography in 2011.
Family
Bennett married the Plaid Cymru politician, Dafydd Wigley, later Baron Wigley, in 1967. Two of the couple's four children predeceased their parents, dying from an inherited genetic condition, Sanfilippo syndrome.
References
External links
elinorbennett.co.uk, Official site
1943 births
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People from Llanidloes
Living people
Welsh harpists
Welsh-speaking musicians
Wigley
Spouses of life peers
Huntingdon County is an historical county in southwestern Quebec, Canada. It is named after the town and county of the same name (Huntingdon, Huntingdonshire) in east central England. It is situated in the Montreal South Shore region of Montérégie, one of the roughly 12 regions of Quebec. The county was bounded entirely on its south by the Canada–US border (45° N for 88.75 km from 73°32′ W to 74°40′ W), along its northwestern flank by Lake St-Francis (Lac St-François) of the Saint Lawrence River to its most northern point on the river at 45°13′ N and 74°13′ W, to the east by Saint-Jean County, with its easternmost point at 45°5.5' N and 73°31′ W (this point forms the junction of the borders of Châteauguay County, Napierville County and Saint-Jean County) and to the north from east to west by Napierville County, Châteauguay County, and Beauharnois County. On the other side of the Saint Lawrence River is Soulanges County, Quebec, the Township of Lancaster and the Township of Charlottenburgh in Glengarry County, Ontario, and the Township of Cornwall in Stormont County, Ontario.
Huntingdon County is the only county in the St Lawrence Valley to be entirely and totally divided into townships, of which there are 7. All these townships run in a straight line and have the Canada–US border as a common southern border. From east to west they are the Township of Hemmingford, the Township of Havelock, the Franklin Township, the Township of Hinchinbrooke, the Township of Elgin, the Township of Godmanchester, and the Township of Dundee. The county seat, Huntingdon, located at 45°5′ N and 74°10′ W, straddles the border between Hinchinbrooke and Godmanchester. Except for Godmanchester, all the other townships have a community that takes the name of the township in which it is situated (Hemmingford, Havelock, Franklin, Hinchinbrooke, Elgin, Dundee).
A notable feature of Huntingdon County is the presence of the Saint Regis Akwesasne Mohawk Reserve at the westernmost point of the county in the Township of Dundee. That area of the Saint Lawrence, like many along its length, contains many small islands. The Reserve straddles the meeting point of the Quebec-Ontario-New York State borders at that point. The American side of the Reserve is Franklin County, New York.
On 1 January 1982, the county was officially dissolved. Most of the County became part of the MRC de Le Haut-Saint-Laurent except for a small section in the far east (The Township of Hemmingford and the Village of Hemmingford) which became part of MRC de Les Jardins-de-Napierville.
Former counties of Quebec
Populated places disestablished in 1982
Mark Andrew Wolstenholme (born 20 October 1979) is an English cricketer. Wolstenholme is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. They were born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Wolstenholme represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in List A cricket. Their debut List A match came against Wiltshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. From 1999 to 2001, they represented the Board in five List A match, the last of which came against the Leicestershire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2001. In their five List A match, they scored 20 runs at a batting average of 10.00, with a high score of 18. In the field they took a single catch. With the ball they took 9 wickets at a bowling average of 19.66, with a single five-wicket haul which gave them best figures of 5/41.
They currently play club cricket for Northampton Saints Cricket Club in the Northamptonshire Cricket League. In 2011, they played Minor counties cricket for Dorset.
Their brother, John, played first-class cricket for Northamptonshire and List A cricket for the Northamptonshire Cricket Board.
References
External links
Mark Wolstenholme at ESPNcricinfo
Mark Wolstenholme at CricketArchive
1979 births
Living people
Cricketers from Northampton
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Dorset cricketers
Sporosarcina globispora, formerly known as Bacillus globisporus, is a Gram-positive, aerobic, round spore-forming bacillus. Strains of this species were originally described in 1967 and were found to be fairly similar to the species Bacillus pantothenticus. The species was later reassigned to the genus Sporosarcina along with the species Bacillus psychrophilus and Bacillus pasteurii.
References
External links
Type strain of Sporosarcina globispora at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacillales
SK Horní Měcholupy is a Czech football club located in Prague-Horní Měcholupy. It currently plays in the Prague Championship.
Honours
Czech Fourth Division (fourth tier)
Champions Divize A 2011–12
Prague Championship (fifth tier)
Champions 2004–05, 2006–07
References
External links
SK Horní Měcholupy at the website of the Prague Football Association
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Association football clubs established in 1932
Sport in Prague
Football clubs in Prague
1932 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Gonia picea is a Palaearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
Range
Europe, Mongolia, China, Taiwan, Japan, Central Asia, Russia (West Russia & Western & Eastern Siberia), Caucasus.
Hosts
The larvae of Cerapteryx graminis, Xestia xanthographa, Staurophora celsia, Mamestra brassicae, Mythimna comma & Polygonia c-album.
References
Diptera of Europe
Diptera of Asia
Insects described in 1830
Exoristinae
The Harrow Way (also spelled as "Harroway") is another name for the "Old Way", an ancient trackway in the south of England, dated by archaeological finds to 600–450 BC, but probably in existence since the Stone Age. The Old Way ran from Seaton in Devon to Dover, Kent. Later the eastern part of the Harrow Way become known as the Pilgrims' Way in the 19th century: the latter was a route invented by Albert Way of the Ordnance Survey, who imagined it (without evidence) to have been a pilgrimage route ran from Winchester, Hampshire, via Farnham, Surrey, to Canterbury Kent. The western section of the Harrow Way ends in Farnham, the eastern in Dover.
The name may derive from herewag, a military road, or har, ancient (as in hoary) way, or heargway, the road to the shrine (perhaps Stonehenge). It is sometimes described as the 'oldest road in Britain' and is possibly associated with ancient tin trading.
The Old Way
The Eastern part of the Harrow Way
The eastern part of the Harrow Way (Old Way) from Farnham, Surrey, later known as the Pilgrims' Way, runs on or parallel to the North Downs Way National trail. The Harrow Way can be traced from Rochester and alternative Channel ports on the Straits of Dover. A principal track also starting in the valley of the Great Stour from Canterbury, to lead along the North Downs or its southern slopes, through Maidstone and Guildford to Farnham, Surrey. With its natural season-round well-drained soil, slightly more humus-rich than the crest itself, forming the most travelled of often several terraced routes.
The Pilgrims' Way, diverts from the Harrow Way and continues from Farnham to Winchester. This pilgrimages route helped the growth of Winchester. Winchester, apart from being an ecclesiastical centre in its own right (the shrine of St Swithin), was an important regional focus and an aggregation point for travellers arriving through the seaports on the south coast. (See Early British Christianity).
Farnham, was a second aggregation point for travellers joining from the south coast. Gibson reports the section going eastward just north of Farnham ran through the area now Farnham Park and continued its course along the chalk outcrop, crossed the Bagshot Road where the Six Bells pub now stands and continued past Badshot Lea, Surrey where an important Neolithic Long Barrow burial mound (tumulus) was found. The Harrow Way then continues to the crest of the Hog's Back where the ancient trackway is known to have run. There are several barrows along the Hog's Back.
Western section
The western part of the Old Way, the Harrow Way, can be traced from Farnham, Surrey west through Basingstoke and Andover to Salisbury Plain and Stonehenge, Wiltshire, through Dorset and on to Seaton on the Devon coast. In Dorset, the Harrow Way can be traced through the villages of Halstock and Corscombe, where it is known as Common Lane. At the Halstock end, a short length was realigned to form the access for a Roman villa (which was built on the site of a late Iron Age farmstead).
References
Ancient trackways in England
Archaeological sites in Dorset
Archaeological sites in Wiltshire
The Chelsea College of Aeronautical and Automobile Engineering was an independent and private educational organisation established in 1924 by its principal, S C H Roberts as the Automobile Engineering College. It was formally expanded to include aeronautical engineering in 1931 in association with Brooklands School of Flying.
A separate institution named The College of Aeronautical Engineering was established while the Automobile Engineering College was evacuated to Wimbledon Park after the destruction of the Chelsea premises by enemy action. In 1946 the institutions were united as The College of Aeronautical and Automobile Engineering. They returned to new premises at 102 Sydney Street SW3 in 1952.
When Stanley Coryton Hugh Roberts (known as "C H") died in September 1957 there were more than 400 students training at their institution in Chelsea. C H also founded the British School of Motoring.
In the 1980s it amalgamated with West Sussex College of Design and Worthing Technical College to form Northbrook College retaining its premises at Shoreham Airport, in Shoreham-by-Sea.
References
Further education colleges in Sussex
Vocational education in the United Kingdom
Alden Public Library is located in Alden, Iowa, United States. The community's first library association was formed in 1882, and they acquired 225 books. The annual membership fee to use the library was $1. It was discontinued within two years, and Alden's second library association was formed in 1885 by women in the community. In time they were able to build their own building in 1892 and convince the city government to take over its support. Shortly after the city took over they contacted the Carnegie Foundation, who funded the construction of a new building with a $9,000 grant. It was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Wetherell & Gage, and shows Beaux Arts styling. The new building was dedicated on August 26, 1914. It is believed to be one of the smallest Carnegie libraries ever built. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
More space for the library became necessary, and plans were made to double its size. A bond issue was passed in 1997, and fundraising included $250,000 from the Dr. Grace O. Doane Foundation. The new addition was dedicated on June 17, 2000, and the library's name now honors Dr. Doane.
References
Library buildings completed in 1914
Buildings and structures in Hardin County, Iowa
Carnegie libraries in Iowa
Public libraries in Iowa
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Hardin County, Iowa
Ronald Takawira Douglas Sadomba (born 1940) was a Rhodesian politician who served in the House of Assembly from 1970 to 1979. In 1979, they served in the Parliament of the short-lived Rhodesian successor state, Zimbabwe Rhodesia, prior to Zimbabwe's independence. They entered politics as a member of the Centre Party, and changed parties several times, joining throughout their career the African National Council, the United African National Council, ZANU–PF, and United Parties.
Early life and career
Sadomba was born around 1940 in Southern Rhodesia. They attributed their political influence to some of their teachers in their youth. They were active in the youth wings of Zimbabwean African nationalist organizations. Before entering politics, Sadomba was a schoolteacher.
Political career
In the 1970 election, Sadomba was elected to the House of Assembly for the Nemakonde constituency. They were one of seven black members elected from the Centre Party, a moderate, multiracial party opposed to the discriminatory policies of the governing Rhodesian Front. At the time of their election, Sadomba was the youngest Member of Parliament. Sadomba believed that no tribal chiefs should be in the Senate and that political power should devolve only through the elected senators.
In 1971, the issue of settlement proposals with the United Kingdom over Rhodesian independence became a point of discord within the Centre Party. The party's white leadership supported the Pearce Commission proposals, but the party's black members opposed it. Sadomba initially stayed in line with the party and supported the proposals, but changed their position after realizing they were an "obvious target" for blacks opposed to them. They resigned from the Centre Party in February 1972, explaining their reason by saying: "If by saying 'No' the African people are going to be united, then who am I going against this tide and cause the division which is responsible for our position today?" After leaving the Centre Party, they joined the newly-formed African National Council, at one point becoming the party's Deputy Secretary for External Affairs.
In 1974, Sadomba was reelected to Parliament. In 1975, they left the ANC and became an independent. In 1977, they were elected to Parliament for the Harare constituency. By 1978, they were the leader of the black caucus in Parliament. In 1979, they joined the United African National Council, the party of Bishop Abel Muzorewa, the Prime Minister of Zimbabwe Rhodesia. They were elected to Parliament for Mashonaland West Province in the 1979 Zimbabwe Rhodesia general election. However, in the 1980 election right before Zimbabwe's independence, Sadomba lost their reelection campaign. In 1981, Sadomba left the UANC and joined ZANU–PF, the party of Robert Mugabe. In their letter of resignation from the party presented to Bishop Muzorewa (and a copy of which they gave to The Rhodesia Herald), they said that they could no longer continue to go against their conscience. They said it had been "a pleasure" working with UANC leadership but the time had come for them to leave.
In 2000, Sadomba ran as the United Parties candidate for the Seke constituency, but lost with only 0.5% of the vote.
Personal life
Sadomba was described in 1971 as "a likeable man, a schoolteacher and a Methodist."
Electoral history
1970 Rhodesian general election, Nemakonde constituency
Ronald Sadomba (CP) – 281 (44.3%)
Chad Magumise Chipunza (NPU) – 131 (20.6%)
Herbert Munukwa Mano (Ind) – 87 (13.7%)
Paul Harbinett Joseph Chanetsa (Ind) – 83 (13.1%)
Eric Gwanzura (Ind) – 45 (7.1%)
Simon Chibvawure Paraffin (RAP) – 8 (1.3%)
1974 Rhodesian general election, Nemakonde constituency
Ronald Sadomba (Ind ANC) – 273 (83.0%)
Stephen Amos Dzuka Chirenda (Ind) – 51 (15.5%)
Mulena Mwana Sherena Mundawarara (APP) – 5 (1.5%)
1977 Rhodesian general election', Harare constituency Ronald Sadomba (Ind) – 147 (57.6%)
Tiriwanhu Mudzimu (Ind) – 83% (32.6%)
David Munyamana (Ind) – 15 (5.9%)
Milton Jack Makaya (Ind) – 10 (3.9%)1979 Zimbabwe Rhodesia general election, Mashonaland West Province Ronald Sadomba (UANC) – (1 of 6 elected from 24 candidates through proportional representation system)1980 Southern Rhodesian general election, Mashonaland West Province Ronald Sadomba (UANC) – (not elected; top 8 elected from 56 candidates through proportional representation system)2000 Zimbabwean parliamentary election, Seke constituency Tumbare Mutasa' (MDC) – 10,821 (45.8%)
Phineas Chihota (ZANU–PF) – 9,236 (39.1%)
Beta Zvanyanya Dongo (ZUD) – 2,047 (8.7%)
Peter Mashumba (Ind MDC) – 703 (3.0%)
Abraham Mombeshora (Ind MDC) – 388 (1.6%)
Gerald Mubaira (Ind) – 320 (1.4%)
Ronald Sadomba (UP) – 133 (0.5%)
References
1940s births
Living people
20th-century Methodists
20th-century Zimbabwean politicians
20th-century Zimbabwean people
21st-century Zimbabwean people
21st-century Zimbabwean politicians
Centre Party (Rhodesia) politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Zimbabwe
Members of the Parliament of Rhodesia
People from Mashonaland West Province
Rhodesian Methodists
Rhodesian politicians
United African National Council politicians
United Parties politicians
ZANU–PF politicians
Rhodesian schoolteachers
Zimbabwean Methodists
Zimbabwean political candidates
Robert Fabián Herrera Rosas (born March 1, 1989 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a defender for River Plate.
Honours
Uruguayan Primera División (3): Runner-Up 2009, 2011, 2012
Uruguayan Primera División Torneo Clausura (2): 2009, 2012
Uruguayan Primera División Torneo Apertura (1): 2010
References
External links
Robert Herrera at Official Liga MX Profile
Profile at soccerway
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Montevideo
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay under-20 international footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Uruguayan Primera División players
Liga MX players
Ecuadorian Serie A players
Defensor Sporting players
Club Puebla players
C.F. Pachuca players
Barcelona S.C. footballers
Peñarol players
Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo) players
South American Youth Championship players
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Ecuador
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Pilj Waterfall, or simply Pilj (), is the third-highest waterfall in Serbia. It was discovered by geologists and alpinists only in 2002.
Location
The waterfall is located in the south-eastern region of Visok, near the border of Bulgaria, on the southern slopes of the mountain of Stara Planina. It is located four kilometers away from the village of Topli Do, in the direction of the village of Dojkinci.
Geography
Piljski waterfall is in the gorge of the Piljski stream, the tributary to the Temštica (Toplodolska reka) river, thus this is haow the waterfall got its name. It is located under the Stara Planina peaks of Čungulj and Kurtulj and the ridge of Jelenski Skok (deer jump), at the altitude of 1,450 meters above sea level. Height of the Piljski waterfall is given as either 65,5 or 64 meters., which in any case makes it the second highest in the country after the Jelovarnik waterfall on the Kopaonik mountain. The waterfall is a cascade one, with Gornji (Upper, smaller one) and Donji (Lower, taller slope). In the base of the waterfall there is a minute pond, though with a large whirlpool.
The waterfall is located in the sparsely populated area, completely cut off from the rest of the world, without any access roads. As a result of this, the waterfall was discovered only in May 2002. Some other among Serbia's highest waterfalls are in the vicinity of Piljski: Čungulj (43 meters, discovered in 1996) and Kurtulj (27 meters).
See also
List of waterfalls in Serbia
References
Waterfalls of Serbia
Pirot District
Mohammad Darabi () is an Iranian football midfielder who plays for Malavan in the Iran Pro League.
Club career
Shahrdari Yasuj
Darabi started their career with Shahrdari Yasuj at youth level. In summer 2012 they were promoted to the first team. In their second season, they played as a regular starter but they could not prevent their club from being relegated.
Malavan
After success in a technical test they were accepted by Nosrat Irandoost and signed a 3-year contract with Malavan. They made their debut for Malavan in the 2014–15 Iran Pro League against Tractor Sazi as a substitute for Abolhassan Jafari.
Club career statistics
References
External links
Mohammad Darabi at IranLeague.ir
Mohammad Darabi at PersianLeague.com
Living people
Iranian footballers
Zagros Yasuj F.C. players
Malavan players
1992 births
Association football midfielders
People from Yasuj
Joshua Eagle and Andrew Florent were the defending champions, but did not participate together this year. Eagle partnered Patrick Rafter, losing in the quarterfinals. Florent partnered Andrew Kratzmann, losing in the first round.
Gustavo Kuerten and Nicolás Lapentti won the title, defeating Jim Courier and Patrick Galbraith 6–4, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Draw
Doubles
1999 ATP Tour
The Principality of Albania (Albanian: Principata e Arbërisë) was an Albanian principality ruled by the Albanian dynasty of Thopia. One of the first notable rulers was Tanusio Thopia, who was Count of Mat since 1328. The principality changed hands between the Thopia dynasty and the Balsha dynasty, twice before 1392, when Durrës was annexed by the Republic of Venice.
History
One of the first notable rulers of the Thopia family was Tanusio Thopia; they were mentioned in 1329 as one of the counts of Albania.
In an act of Robert, King of Naples, dated 15 April 1338, Tanusio was mentioned as Count of Matia (conte di Matia). This reconfirmed Thopia's relations to the Angevins from the time of Philip I. By 1340 the Thopia controlled much of the territory between the rivers Mati and Shkumbin rivers. Together with the Muzaka family, they agreed to recognize Angevin suzerainty after rebelling against the Serbs. However except for Andrea Muzaka who defeated the Serbs in a battle in the Peristeri mountains, no action was taken to realize the treaty with the Angevins.
By 1343, Serbian King Stefan Dušan had conquered almost all of Albania, except for Durazzo which had been defended under the command of Tanusio.
After Stefan Dusan's death in 1355 Thopia family regained its domains and ruled most of central Albania. In 1358, Karlo rose against the rule of the Anjou and could drive them out up to Durrës from Epirus and Albania. It prevailed from 1358 to 1368 over far parts of central Albania and called themselves Princeps Albaniae.
Since 1362, Karlo sought themselves to set Durrës, which was in the possession of the Duchess Johanna of Anjou, also into the possession of the city. The first, certainly still unsuccessful siege lasted from April 1362 until May 1363. Then, Thopia had to withdraw their troops, who were weakened by an epidemic disease. Only in 1367 could Karlo conquer Durrës, who had attained in the meantime the tacit agreement of the Venetians for their project and make important port their residence.
Karlo gained control of Durrës in 1368, which was where the Angevins held out due to their Kingdom becoming smaller in size. This event caused the Kingdom of Albania to end.
Balša II made a fourth attempt to conquer Durrës, an important commercial and strategetic center, which was ruled by rival, Karl Thopia. In 1382, Balša II began a war and seized Durrës. In 1385, the defeated Karl Thopia, appealed to Murad I for support against their rivals, the House of Balšić of the Principality of Zeta. This was the equivalent of inviting the Ottoman Empire into Albania in order to help them defeat their rivals of the Balšić family.
This attempt caused an Ottoman force, led by Hayreddin Pasha, to quickly march into Albania along the Via Egnatia. The Ottoman force routed the Balšas by inflicting heavy defeats on Balša II's forces. Balša II themselves was killed in a big battle on Saurian Field () near Lushnje (Battle of Savra) in 1385, ending the Balša family's rule over Durrës. In 1392 the Durazzo fell under the Republic of Venice.
After Gjergj's death, Niketa Thopia was the next ruler and also the final. After the death of Bayezid (1402), many Albanian lords recognized Venetian suzerainty, such as Niketa, John Kastrioti and Koja Zaharija. The Venetians were interested in having some buffer zone between them and the advancing Ottoman army.. Niketa continued to be the ruler of Kruje until 1415 when it fell under the Ottoman Empire.
Monarchs
See also
Albanian principalities
History of Albania
References
Sources
Albanian Academy of Science. History of Albanian People.
Stefanaq Pollo Histoire de l'Albanie des origines à nos jours. Roanne: Horvath. 1974.
Tajar Zavalani: Histori e Shqipnis. Tiranë: Phoenix. 1998.
Georges Castellan: Histoire de l'Albanie et des Albanais. Crozon: Armeline. 2002.
1444 disestablishments
States and territories established in 1368
Former countries in the Balkans
Albanian principalities
NdeI is an endonuclease isolated from Neisseria denitrificans.
In molecular biology, it is commonly used as a restriction enzyme.
Recognition sequence
Recognition sequence of NdeI:
5'CATATG
3'GTATAC
The ends generated by NdeI digest:
5'---CA TATG---3'
3'---GTAT AC---5'
Use in molecular biology
NdeI is a specific Type II restriction enzyme that cuts open specific target sequences, unlike exonucleases. This enzyme is used in gene cloning to cut open reading frames in the plasmid of certain bacteria such as E. coli and insert a foreign gene, such as the gfpuv gene that codes for bio fluorescence of the jelly fish Aequorea victoria.
NdeI is useful in generating heterologous DNA construct because it contains the start codon ATG. It therefore can be used in some expression vectors, such as those in the pET series of vectors, for the ligation of the start of a gene when making an expression construct. Note however that NdeI generates only a two-base overhang and therefore has a lower melting temperature than other restriction enzymes that generate a four-base overhang. It has a lower ligation efficiency, since ligation is affected by the ability of the ends to anneal and a two-base overhang has a significantly lower melting temperature compared to a 4-base overhang. Ligation of NdeI-generated ends is therefore best performed with higher ligase concentration with a longer ligation time, whether at room temperature, 14-16°C, or at 4°C.
References
Molecular biology
Bacterial enzymes
Restriction enzymes
Tuesday is a day of the week.
Tuesday may also refer to:
Music
Tuesday (band), an American pop-punk/emo band
Albums
Tuesday (album), by Reamonn
Songs
"Tuesday" (ILoveMakonnen song) (2014), featuring Drake
"Tuesday" (Trey Anastasio song) (2005)
"Tuesday" (You Am I song) (1997)
"Tuesday", from 4am Friday (1996) by Avail
"Tuesday", from Upstairs at Eric's (1982) by Yazoo
"Tuesday", from Angel Milk (2005) by Telepopmusik
People
Tuesday Knight (born 1969), an American actor born Melody Lynn Knight
Tuesday Middaugh (born 1973), an American former synchronized swimmer
Tuesday Weld (born 1943), an American actor born Susan Ker Weld
Gayle Tuesday, a pseudonym of Brenda Gilhooly (born 1964), an English comedian
Tuesday Vargas (born 1979), Filipina actor, comedian, and singer
Other uses
Tuesday (2008 film), a 2008 British crime film
Tuesday (upcoming film), an American-British drama-fantasy film
Tuesday (book), a 1991 children's picture book by David Wiesner
Tuesday (horse), a racehorse
Tuesday X, a character in The X's, a short-lived American animated television series
See also
Urana Shire was a local government area in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. The Newell Highway crosses its north-west corner. The Shire included the town of Urana and the small towns of Boree Creek, Morundah, Oaklands and Rand.
The last mayor of Urana Shire was Cr. Patrick Bourke an unaligned politician.
Amalgamation
A 2015 review of local government boundaries by the NSW Government Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal recommended that the Urana Shire merge with the Lockhart and Corowa shires to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately 16,000. Following an independent review, on 12 May 2016 the Minister for Local Government announced that the merger with the Corowa Shire would proceed with immediate effect to form the Federation Council.
Council
Composition and election method
At the time of dissolution, Urana Shire Council was composed of nine councillors elected proportionally as three separate wards, each electing three councillors. All councillors were elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor was elected by the councillors at the first meeting of the council. The last election was held on 8 September 2012. In the B and C Wards, only three candidates, being those below, nominated for election. There being no additional candidates, the election for these Wards was uncontested. In the A Ward, an election was held.
See also
Riverina Water County Council
References
External links
Former local government areas of New South Wales
2016 disestablishments in Australia
Newell Highway
Olearia newbeyi is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a shrub with broadly linear to narrowly oblong leaves, and dull purple, daisy-like inflorescences.
Description
Olearia newbeyi is a shrub that typically grows up to high and wide, its stems and leaves with a few glandular hairs. The leaves are crowded in bunches pressed against the stems, scattered along older stems, broadly linear to narrowly oblong, long and wide and sessile. Both sides of the leaves are medium green with a few glandular hairs and a heart-shaped base. The heads or daisy-like "flowers" are arranged in panicles on the ends of branches on a peduncle long and are in diameter with a cup-shaped involucre at the base. Each head has 76 to 85 dull purple ray florets, the ligule long, surrounding 6 to 11 disc florets. Flowering occurs in January and the fruit is an achene long, the pappus with eighteen to thirty barbed bristles.
Taxonomy
Olearia newbeyi was first formally described in 2008 by Nicholas Sèan Lander in the journal Nuytsia from specimens collected by Kenneth Newbey in 1985. The specific epithet (newbeyi) honours the collector of the type specimens.
Distribution and habitat
This daisy bush grows in shrubland on a disturbed roadside and is only known from a single collection in the Mallee bioregion of south-western Western Australia.
Conservation status
Olearia newbeyi is listed as "Priority One" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions, meaning that it is known from only one or a few locations which are potentially at risk.
References
newbeyi
Flora of Western Australia
Plants described in 2008
2009 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Sanfrecce Hiroshima seasons
Beth Gazo ( ; literary "the house of treasure") is a Syriac liturgical book that contains a collection of Syriac chants and melodies. The book is considered a reference of Syriac Hymnody and without it clerics belonging to the West Syriac Tradition cannot perform their liturgical duty. There exist modern varieties of this book with different names such as: beṯ gázo dqinóṯo (), () and ().
History
The origin of Beth Gazo can be traced back to the early centuries of Christianity going as far as Bardaisan (154–222 CE). However, the bulk of the hymns is attributed to Ephrem the Syrian (306 – 373 CE).
There are two main traditions in chanting: western based on the School of Mardin and eastern in Tikrit formerly. There is a daily breviary found in the Syriac Orthodox Church called "Shehimo: Book of Common Prayer" where the West Syriac style of chants and melodies from Beth Gazo are followed.
Contents
The abridged version of Beth Gazo contain the following hymns:
Qole shahroye () "vigils". These were sung by those belonging to the order of shahroye "vigilants". they are dedicated to the Virgin, the saints, to penitence and the departed.
Gushmo () "body". Each of which consists of eight modes. These are recited during the daily offices known as šḥimo ().
Sebeltho d'madroshe () "ladder of hymns". It is this category that seems to have mostly inherited Ephrem's.
Fardo () "single". These are short hymns divided into eight collections corresponding to the eight Syriac maqams.
Qonuno yawnoyo () "Greek canon". Divided into eight collections.
Mawrbo () "magnificat". Dedicated to the Virgin Mary.
Qole ghnize () "mystic hymns". Those were lost.
Takheshphotho rabuloyotho () "litanies of Rabula". Attributed to Rabbula bishop of Edessa.
Tborto () "broken". They fall into three categories: those attributed to St. Jacob of Serug, St. Ephrem the Syrian and of St. Balai of Qenneshrin.
Quqlion () "cycles". These are cycles from the Psalms.
References
Gregorios Y. IBRAHIM, Ephrem's Madroshe and the Syrian Orthodox Beth Gazo: A Loose, But Fascinating, Affinity, Hugoye
The Treasury of Chants, Hugoye
History of The Syriac Music Church, Abrohom Lahdo and Elias Zazi
Music
Hymnology
Texts in Syriac
The 48th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island was in session from February 21, 1956, to August 3, 1959. The Liberal Party led by Alexander Wallace Matheson formed the government.
Augustin Gallant was elected speaker. Edward Foley replaced Gallant as speaker in 1959.
There were four sessions of the 48th General Assembly:
Members
Kings
Prince
Queens
Notes:
References
Election results for the Prince Edward Island Legislative Assembly, 1955-05-25
O'Handley, Kathryn Canadian Parliamentary Guide, 1994
Terms of the General Assembly of Prince Edward Island
1956 establishments in Prince Edward Island
1959 disestablishments in Prince Edward Island
Shaunna F. Sowell is an engineer who was Vice President and Manager of DFAB water fabrication facilities for Texas Instruments.
Education
Sowell was awarded a Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering from New Mexico State University. They also received a Bachelor of Science in education from the University of Texas at Austin.
Career
In 1985, Sowell began work as a project engineer for Texas Instruments, in the defense division. They went on to support water fabrication construction in 1987 before becoming the manager for Worldwide Environmental Safety and Health in 1994.
In 1998, Sowell was promoted to Manager of Worldwide Semiconductor Facilities, heading the construction chain for semiconductors in the company across the globe. In 2000, they became the first woman to manage the DFAB facilities. They spearheaded efforts to improve environmental and safety consciousness.
Personal life
Sowell resides in Richardson, Texas and has three children.
Awards
Sowell was inducted into Women in Technology International's Women in Science and Technology Hall of Fame in 1997.
References
Living people
21st-century American engineers
American women engineers
People from Richardson, Texas
New Mexico State University alumni
University of Texas at Austin alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Isoindole in heterocyclic chemistry is a benzo-fused pyrrole. The compound is an isomer of indole. Its reduced form is isoindoline. The parent isoindole is a rarely encountered in the technical literature, but substituted derivatives are useful commercially and occur naturally. Isoindoles units occur in phthalocyanines, an important family of dyes. Some alkaloids containing isoindole have been isolated and characterized.
Synthesis
The parent isoindole was prepared by flash vacuum pyrolysis of an N-substituted isoindoline. N-Substituted isoindoles, which are easier to handle, can be prepared by dehydration of isoindoline-N-oxides. They also arise by myriad other methods, e.g., starting from xylylene dibromide (C6H4(CH2Br)2).
Structure and tautomerism of 2-H-isoindoles
Unlike indole, isoindoles exhibit noticeable alternation in the C-C bond lengths, which is consistent with their description as pyrrole derivatives fused to a butadiene.
In solution, the 2H-isoindole tautomer predominates. It resembles a pyrrole more than a simple imine. The degree to which the 2H predominates depends on the solvent, and can vary with the substituent in substituted isoindoles.
N-Substituted isoindoles do not engage is tautomerism and are therefore simpler to study.
Isoindole-1,3-diones and related derivatives
The commercially important phthalimide is an isoindole-1,3-dione with two carbonyl groups attached to the heterocyclic ring.
See also
1,3-Disubstituted Isoindolines.
Isoindene with nitrogen replaced by a methylene group.
References
Simple aromatic rings
Captain Samuel Mathews (c. 1580 – November 30, 1657) was a Virginia planter, political figure, and the father of Governor Samuel Mathews (Colonial Virginia governor).
Biography
Born in England, Matthews was the first of the family to emigrate from England to The New World, arriving at Jamestown by 1619. They established a plantation, "Mathews Manor", later known as Denbigh, which was located on the north side of the James River at Blunt Point, the confluence of the Warwick and the James rivers in the area which later became Warwick County, Virginia (and which is now within the city limits of Newport News).
They eventually had several other land holdings, including one near Henricus and another at Old Point Comfort. Known as Colonel Mathews, the elder Samuel became one of the most prominent men in the colony. By 1621 they were a member of the Governor's Council and was actively involved in conflicts with the Native Americans. In 1635, they were one of the leaders of the popular mutiny that ousted Royal Governor Sir John Harvey. In the spring of 1637 Mathews and three others were sent home to England to stand trial for treason in the Court of Star Chamber, but the charges were eventually dropped and Mathews returned to Virginia in 1639. Upon returning to England, the elder Mathews was eventually cleared of any charges; upon returning to Virginia, they resumed service on the Governor's Council until 1644.
Frances Grevill was one of four women who arrived at Jamestown from Bristol, England in September 1620 aboard the ship, Supply. They were first married to Captain Nathaniel West, brother of Thomas West, the third Lord Delaware, who had been governor of Virginia beginning in 1610. After West's death several years later, Grevill married Abraham Peirsey, a wealthy man who had purchased Sir George Yeardley's Flowerdew A Hundred Plantations after their death. Peirsey died several years later. Twice widowed, but with considerable legacies, they next married Samuel Mathews.
They had two sons Samuel, and Francis (1632–1673). Francis, a tobacco planter had a large estate of some two thousand acres in Northumberland County.
Mathews served in London as the Colony's representative in handling disputes, particularly in the matter of establishing the border with Maryland. Much of their influence has been attributed to their second marriage to the daughter of Sir Thomas Hinton whose son was a gentleman of the king's Privy Chamber. Mathews died in London, England on November 30, 1657.
As a member of the House of Burgesses, Matthews was viewed as an "honest, energetic and faithful servant of the Colony" whose death was "universally lamented."
Mathews Manor
Captain Mathews built the Manor around 1626.
The site of Mathews Manor, located within the independent city of Newport News, Virginia, was the subject of an archeological study led by Colonial Williamsburg's Ivor Noel Hume in the 1960s, and was placed on the National Park Service's National Register of Historic Places.
See also
Colony of Virginia
Governor's Palace
List of colonial governors of Virginia
History of Virginia
References
1657 deaths
House of Burgesses members
Virginia colonial people
Year of birth uncertain
Saint John the Evangelist and Saint Francis is a c.1600 oil on canvas painting by the artist El Greco, now in the Uffizi. John is accompanied by an eagle (bottom left) and holds a gold chalice containing their head. Both saints are barefoot. The artist's signature Dominicos Théotokopulos epoiese is on a rock in the centre.
It originally belonged to the ducal family of Sueca in Spain, who kept it at Boadilla del Monte. In 1904 it was inherited by the Ruspoli y Godoy family (the Spanish branch of the Ruspoli family), due to Carlota de Godoy, 2nd Duchess of Sueca's 1821 marriage to prince Camillo Ruspoli, son of Francesco Ruspoli, 3rd Prince of Cerveteri. It was first studied in 1821 by Manuel Bartolomé Cossío in their magnum opus on El Greco. It was studied again in a 1962 two-volume catalogue raisonné of the artist's works by Harold Edwin Wethey. In 1975 it was placed in a new gilded frame and presented to the Uffizi, where it still hangs
References
1608 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Uffizi
Paintings by El Greco
El Greco
El Greco
The National Conference of Law Reviews (NCLR) is a voluntary organization of law reviews in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico. The NCLR is devoted to helping its members to better serve both the academic and legal communities. In pursuit of this goal, the NCLR holds an annual four-day conference each spring. The conference offers law review editors from member publications the opportunity to exchange ideas on issues common to student-edited law journals.
Texas Wesleyan University School of Law is the current national headquarters. The national headquarters is responsible for the annual membership drive, collecting membership dues, maintaining the NCLR website, coordinating the bidding for and hosting of the annual conference, and conducting the annual board meeting.
References
Legal research
Camp Hantesa is a camp under the Camp Fire Organization that began in 1919 and held one camp session per summer at the Boy Scout Camp in Boone Iowa. Hantesa welcomes children ages 6–18 to participate in camp crafts and activities in their respective age groups. It was the first camp in America to have a C.I.T. (Counselor In Training) program consisting of L.C.'s and Apprentices ages 15–18. Hantesa's programs emphasize camping and other outdoor activities for youth.
History
Hantesa was founded in the summer of 1919 by Mr. and Mrs. Nelson. Its first session was held at Ledges State Park and cost $6. There were 36 girls in attendance August 23-September 6. The first camp director was Mrs. Nelson and they were camp director until Mrs. Gen stepped in after Mrs. Nelson's passing. During The Great Flood of 1993 Camp Hantesa was hit hard by The Des Moines River which only lies 300 yards away. The flooding was so bad that campers could fish off the deck of Clayton Lodge, yet even though camp was nearly all underwater, sessions continued. Camp was then given a donation of approximately $64,000 from Billy Ray Cyrus. Billy Ray Cyrus also helped build many buildings and cabins on camp.
Buildings on Camp
The Library: First cabin on camp and was turned into a health lodge in 1928.
Drama Center: Used to be an art center and then was changed to the fly up lodge in 1948.
Miles: Second building on camp and was used as a mess hall until the late 1970s and then became the art center.
Nature Nook: Little building next to Miles and was the original trading post when camp first opened and was the mail room until 1998.
Clayton: The main lodge and the most recognizable building on camp. Seats 1000 on the floor and 600 in tables. Four entrances are set to the North, South, East and West on the compass.
Gens Place: Built in 1953 for camp director Miss Gen and was remodeled and winterized in 1977.
Cooks Cabin: Built behind Miles in 1950 for permanent cooks.
Brown House: Built in 1978 for the maintenance crew.
Showers: Built in 1961 and the closed rooms were the staff showers until 1998.
Health Lodge: Built in 1968 as a gift from the Junior Des Moines Chamber of Commerce.
Pool Complex: Was rebuilt in 1998 and has been re-modeled 4 different times.
Contipo: Ape directors lodge and is hidden in the forest and was built in 1933 for Mr.Nelson.
V.C.: Variety Center was built in 1989 as a conference and recreation center for outside groups.
Cyrus: Completed in 1991 and remodeling due to flood damage was donated by Billy Ray Cyrus
Sun, Sky, and Garden Rooms: Restrooms on the main side of camp.
Magic Hill: This was a spot chosen by campers in 1924 and every Sunday that Hantesa is in session, there is a service held there.
Hermans Ranch: Home to a herd of 14 horses which consist of Max, Red, Winnie, Kipper, Goblin, Shadow, Star, Honey, Sand, Corky, Pecos (Burrito), Socks, Jackie, and Rascal. Riding Day Camp and Hermans Resident Camp, go up to Hermans Ranch everyday and ride. Residents and Day Campers are offered one horse ride for an additional fee.
References
Boone, Iowa
Hantesa
Buildings and structures in Boone County, Iowa
Camp Fire (organization)
Éric Bonneval (born 12 November 1963 in Toulouse) is a former French rugby union player. They played as a Centre.
Eric Bonneval played for Stade Toulousain and Racing Club de France. Their usual positions was Centre, although they started their career in France national rugby union team as a Wing. They earned their first national cap on 23 June 1984 against New Zealand at Auckland. They were called up for the 1987 Rugby World Cup, where France were runners-up to New Zealand.
Honours
French rugby champion, 1985, 1986 with Stade Toulousain
Challenge Yves du Manoir, 1988 with Stade Toulousain
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
French rugby union players
Stade Toulousain players
France international rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union players from Toulouse
US Colomiers players
Racing 92 players
The Comoro ground gecko (Paroedura sanctijohannis) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to the Comoro Islands.
Etymology
The specific name, sanctijohannis, refers to the island formerly called Johanna, now called Anjouan.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of P. sanctijohannis is forest, at altitudes of .
Reproduction
P. sanctijohannis is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Boulenger GA (1885). Catalogue of the Lizards in the British Museum (Natural History). Second Edition. Volume I. Geckonidæ ... London: Trustees of the British Museum (Natural History). (Taylor and Francis, printers). xii + 436 pp. + Plates I–XXXII. (Phyllodactylus sancti-johannis, p. 86 + Plate VII, figures 1, 1a).
Günther A (1879). "On Mammals and Reptiles from Johanna, Comoro Islands". Annals and Magazine of Natural History, Fifth Series 3: 215–219. (Parœdura sancti johannis, new species, p. 218).
Hawlitschek O, Glaw F (2012). "The complex colonization history of nocturnal geckos (Paroedura) in the Comoros Archipelago". Zoologica Scripta 42 (2): 135–150.
Rösler H (2000). "Kommentierte Liste der rezent, subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa (Reptilia: Gekkonomorpha)". Gekkota 2: 28–153. (Paroedura sanctijohannis, p. 101). (in German).
Paroedura
Reptiles described in 1879
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Aaron Heffernan (born 23 February 1990) is an Irish actor known for their roles in Love/Hate, Brassic, " Obsession:Dark Desires" and War of the Worlds.
Background
Heffernan grew up in Dublin, Ireland. Their father, David, is a radio producer. Aaron has two older brothers: Simon, a personal trainer; and Jesse, a hip hop artist. Their first cousin is model Thalia Heffernan. They studied drama and classics at Trinity College Dublin. In 2012, they co-founded the Collapsing Horse Theatre Company with fellow student and actor Jack Gleeson.
Filmography
References
External links
21st-century Irish actors
Irish male television actors
Irish male film actors
Irish male stage actors
Living people
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Black Irish people
1990 births
One Reality is the second album by American metalcore band, Texas in July. It was released through Equal Vision Records on April 26, 2011. The album was produced by Chris "Zeuss" Harris and is the first release by the band to feature current rhythm guitarist, Chris Davis, as well as their first to be released through Equal Vision.
Track listing
Personnel
Texas In July
Alex Good - Vocals
Christian Royer - Lead guitar
Chris Davis - Rhythm guitar
Ben Witkowski - Bass
Adam Gray - Drums
Production
Produced, Engineered, Mixed & mastered by Chris "Zeuss" Harris
A&R by Daniel Sandshaw
Management by Jeremy Weiss (The CI Companies) & John Daley (Blood Company)
PR by Natalie Bisignano
Booking by Dave Shapiro & JJ Cassiere (The Agency Group)
Artwork by Sol Amstutz (solamstutz.com)
Charts
References
2011 albums
Texas in July albums
Equal Vision Records albums
Nuclear Blast albums
Albums produced by Chris "Zeuss" Harris
Hirundo Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge covering along Pushaw and Dead streams in Penobscot County, Maine. The refuge was founded in 1965 by Oliver Larouche from their parents' camp. The refuge was donated as a trust to the University of Maine in 1983 by Larouche and their wife, June. The refuge is a living laboratory where current and past scientific research has been conducted. Hirundo is just downstream of Pushaw Lake and includes part of the Caribou Bog wetland complex, which is one of the largest wetlands in Maine. The refuge is also the site of the National Register-listed Hirundo Site, a prehistoric Native American habitation site with evidence of 4,500 years of occupation.
Recreation
The refuge is open to the public daily from 9:00 am until sunset, and there is no fee for admission. There are opportunities for canoeing, geocaching, and photography in the refuge. There are of hiking trails, including three interpretive trails with self-guiding brochures. Snowshoeing and cross country skiing are permitted in winter. Hunting, trapping, smoking, fires, pets, bicycles, motorized vehicles, digging, and picking plants or rocks are not permitted.
Archaeology
The Hirundo archaeological site is one of the first places in eastern Maine that provided evidence of human habitation during the so-called Vergennes Phase (c. 3000 BCE), although this identification was tenuous because of the weakly stratified nature of the site. It was discovered by amateurs in 1971, and first professionally excavated in 1972-75. Finds at the site included stone projectile points and tools, including plummets (weights) probably used for fishing. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Penobscot County, Maine
References
Protected areas of Penobscot County, Maine
Protected areas affiliated with the University of Maine
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Penobscot County, Maine
1965 establishments in Maine
Protected areas established in 1965
There are at least 124 named mountains in Glacier County, Montana.
Allen Mountain, , el.
Almost-a-Dog Mountain, , el.
Altyn Peak, , el.
Amphitheater Mountain, , el.
Angel Wing, , el.
Antelope Butte, , el.
Apikuni Mountain, , el.
Appistoki Peak, , el.
Bad Marriage Mountain, , el.
Bald Hill, , el.
Basin Mountain, , el.
Bear Mountain, , el.
Bearhead Mountain, , el.
Bishops Cap, , el.
Bison Mountain, , el.
Bushnell Hill, , el.
Calf Robe Mountain, , el.
Campbell Mountain, , el.
Cataract Mountain, , el.
Cathedral Peak, , el.
Chalk Butte, , el.
Chapman Peak, , el.
Chief Lodgepole Peak, , el.
Chief Mountain, , el.
Citadel Mountain, , el.
Citadel Peaks, , el.
Cracker, , el.
Crowfeet Mountain, , el.
Crusher Hill, , el.
Curly Bear Mountain, , el.
Dancing Lady Mountain, , el.
Divide Mountain, , el.
Duckhead Buttes, , el.
Dusty Star Mountain, , el.
Eagle Plume Mountain, , el.
Eagle Point, , el.
East Flattop Mountain, , el.
Flinsch Peak, , el.
Fusillade Mountain, , el.
Gable Mountain, , el.
Goat Haunt Mountain, , el.
Goat Mountain, , el.
Going-to-the-Sun Mountain, , el.
Headlight Butte, , el.
Heavy Runner Mountain, , el.
Hoodoo Hill, , el.
Horsethief Ridge, , el.
Houseman Hill, , el.
Iceberg Peak, , el.
Ipasha Peak, , el.
Kaina Mountain, , el.
Kakitos Mountain, , el.
Kootenai Peak, , el.
Kupunkamint Mountain, , el.
Landslide Butte, , el.
Little Chief Mountain, , el.
Little Crown Butte, , el.
Looking Glass Hill, , el.
Love Rock, , el.
Mad Wolf Mountain, , el.
Mahtotopa Mountain, , el.
Matahpi Peak, , el.
McClintock Peak, , el.
Medicine Owl Peak, , el.
Miche Wabun Peak, , el.
Mount Baldy, , el.
Mount Cleveland, , el.
Mount Ellsworth, , el.
Mount Gould, , el.
Mount Grinnell, , el.
Mount Helen, , el.
Mount Henkel, , el.
Mount Henry, , el.
Mount James, , el.
Mount Kipp, , el.
Mount Logan, , el.
Mount Merritt, , el.
Mount Morgan, , el.
Mount Pablo, , el.
Mount Siyeh, , el.
Mount Wilbur, , el.
Naoi Point, , el.
Natoas Peak, , el.
Never Laughs Mountain, , el.
Olson Mountain, , el.
Otokomi Mountain, , el.
Painted Tepee Peak, , el.
Papoose (summit), , el.
Piegan Mountain, , el.
Pollock Mountain, , el.
Porcupine Ridge, , el.
Pyramid Peak, , el.
Red Blanket Butte, , el.
Red Buttes, , el.
Red Eagle Mountain, , el.
Red Mountain, , el.
Redhorn Peak, , el.
Reynolds Mountain, , el.
Rimrock Butte, , el.
Rising Wolf Mountain, , el.
Rocky Buttes, , el.
Sarcee Mountain, , el.
Scenic Point, , el.
Sentinel Mountain, , el.
Seward Mountain, , el.
Shaheeya Peak, , el.
Sherburne Peak, , el.
Singleshot Mountain, , el.
Sinopah Mountain, , el.
Split Mountain, , el.
Spot Mountain, , el.
Square Butte, , el.
Stoney Indian Peaks, , el.
Summit Mountain, , el.
Swiftcurrent Mountain, , el.
The Guardhouse, , el.
The Head, , el.
The Sentinel, , el.
Thunderbird Mountain, , el.
Twin Buttes, , el.
Wahcheechee Mountain, , el.
West Flattop Mountain, , el.
White Calf Mountain, , el.
Whitecrow Mountain, , el.
Wynn Mountain, , el.
Yellow Mountain, , el.
See also
List of mountains in Montana
List of mountain ranges in Montana
References
Glacier
The Most International titles in handball are a list of handball teams around the world with most international titles representing all the International Handball Federation Affiliated Confederations such as the Asian Handball Federation (AHF), African Handball Confederation (CAHB), European Handball Federation (EHF), North America and the Caribbean Handball Confederation (NACHC), Oceania Continent Handball Federation (OCHF), and the South and Central America Handball Confederation (SCAHC).
Regional Titles are not accounted in this list because it does not affiliate with the International Handball Federation Competitions.
Top 10
Countries with most teams in top 10
Countries with most titles in top 10
References
External links
International Handball Federation - IHF
Handball Archive - todor66.com
Handball-related lists
The Thomas Jefferson Foundation Medal in Architecture recognizes individuals for distinguished contributions to the field of architecture. The Medal in Architecture has been jointly awarded each year by the Thomas Jefferson Foundation at Monticello and the University of Virginia School of Architecture since 1966. Along with the Thomas Jefferson Foundation Medal in Law, the Thomas Jefferson Foundation Medal in Citizen Leadership, and the Thomas Jefferson Medal in Global Innovation, the awards are the highest external honors bestowed by the University, which grants no honorary degrees.
Recipients
References
External links
Architecture awards
Bunkertor 7 is an album recorded by the German industrial act, Wumpscut. It was released in Compact Disc format on Beton Kopf Media in 1997, with the catalog number ETAH 2. It was released under the title Bunker Gate Seven by Metropolis Records in North America.
It was first distributed in Europe by Discordia, later in 1997 by Nova Tekk, and again by Connected in 2000 and 2002. There are at least ten different versions of the album (including varied artwork and track lists).
Bunkertor 7 was inspired by the 1981 short film by Caro/Jeunet Le bunker de la dernière rafale (a.k.a. The Bunker of the Last Gunshots). It contains samples from the movie, notably the alarm sound on "Dying culture". The images in the LP's booklet, including the cover are from the film.
Contributing members
All songs on Bunkertor 7 were written, performed and produced by Rudy Ratzinger.
Bunkertor 7 was engineered by Spinnw.ebi, and all artwork was by Stephan Alt.
Track listing
"Open Gate" – 1:18
"Torn Skin" – 5:30
"Dying Culture" (Second Movement – 4:18
"Bunkertor 7" (German Texture) – 4:41
"Mortal Highway" – 4:47
"Corroded Breed" – 4:16
"Die in Winter" – 4:48
"Bunkertor 7" (Reprised) – 4:59
"Capital Punishment" – 5:49
"Thorns" – 5:51
"Tell Me Why" – 4:22
"Close Gate" – 0:59
Notable samples
Track 3, "Dying Culture" (Second Movement)", contains the alarm sound sampled from the 1981 short film by Caro/Jeunet Le bunker de la dernière rafale (The Bunker of the Last Gunshots).
Track 8, "Bunktertor 7 (Reprised)", includes a sample from the movie Kindergarten Cop. The children of the kindergarten class say "never talk to strangers" and it is looped throughout parts of the song. The sample is played at a higher speed and pitch than the direct sample.
Track 10, "Thorns", has no vocals, but contains a modified sample from the 1986 film Highlander of The Kurgan (Clancy Brown) telling the character Ramirez (Sean Connery), "Tonight you sleep in hell".
External links
Official home page
Fan page with detailed information
Wumpscut albums
1995 albums
Mount Berry may refer to:
Mount Berry, Georgia, an unincorporated town in the United States
Mount Berry (Antarctica), a mountain in Antarctica
Berry Peak, the highest point of Wrangel Island
See also
Mount Berry Mall, Rome, Georgia, United States
Glazer Arena is a 6,700-seat indoor arena located in Ithaca, New York. It is used primarily for athletics, and is the home of the Ithaca College Bombers indoor track and field team. The arena, named after Ithaca alumnus Edward ('92) and Shari Glazer, was made possible by their generous donation. It opened in the fall of 2011 and has since become the premier sports and entertainment venue for the Elmira/Corning/Ithaca region. In addition to track and field and concerts, the arena and the adjacent field house are also used for conventions, trade shows, graduation ceremonies and other special events and serve as the practice facility for most of Ithaca College's sports teams. Both facilities feature a total of 130,000 square feet of space; the arena itself contains a 200-meter six-lane track.
Glazer Arena is part of the Athletics and Events Center complex, which also includes:
Higgins Stadium, a 1,000 seat multi-purpose stadium which is home to the Ithaca College Bombers field hockey and lacrosse teams;
A 950-seat aquatics pavilion with a nine-lane swimming pool which is used primarily for swimming and diving, and is home to the Bombers aquatics teams;
The Wheeler Tennis Courts complex, which contains six tennis courts;
The Bredbenner Gallery of Champions, located between Glazer Arena and the aquatics pavilion, which serves as Ithaca College's sports hall of fame.
A glass-and-concrete tower is located near the main entrance.
At the time of its completion the Athletics and Events Center complex was the largest construction project in the history of Ithaca College. The complex cost $65.5 million to build, mostly through donations.
External links
Athletics and Events Center
References
College indoor track and field venues in the United States
Indoor arenas in New York (state)
Indoor track and field venues in New York (state)
Convention centers in New York (state)
Sports venues in New York (state)
2011 establishments in New York (state)
Sports venues completed in 2011
Ourapteryx claretta is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Jeremy Daniel Holloway in 1982. It is found in Sundaland.
External links
Ourapterygini
The Democratic Youth Movement (Demokratski omladinski pokret), is a NGO in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It was founded in 2005, as youth movement for freedom, democracy and unity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. They have never participated in regular elections, but they work on another level of activity. This movement is famous in Bosnia and Herzegovina, because of the demonstrations they organize against wars around the world, bad social situation in Bosnia and Herzegowina and unrecognition of the rights of youth.
The president of the organization is Ernad Deni Čomaga a youth politician who fights for the rights of the youth in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The movement is a democratic organisation with democratic organs.
Youth organizations based in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Covers & Rarities is a compilation album by British band the Temperance Movement. It collects five covers recorded by the group and six bonus tracks from their first two albums.
Background
Recording
The album was announced and released following an almost two year long hiatus by the Temperance Movement, brought about after their original frontman and songwriter Phil Campbell announced they were leaving the group. The album features no new recordings, except for "You Fool No One".
Tracks 6 to 11 were recorded during sessions for the group's first two albums between 2013 and 2015, and were included as bonus tracks on various different formats. "Up in the Sky" and "Tender" were recorded in 2014 at Abbey Road studios and were released on Record Store Day of that year. "Houses of the Holy" was recorded in 2015 for Mojo magazine's Physical Graffiti tribute album. "Ziggy Stardust" was recorded live on 27 January 2016 at O2 Forum Kentish Town, London and was released as a limited edition single on Record Store Day 2017.
"You Fool No One" was recorded as part of an unaired TV special on the group that was released onto the internet in November 2018.
Release
On 18 August 2021, Earache Records released a music video for "You Fool No One" to their YouTube channel, announcing the album's upcoming release, with a pre-order link in the description. The album was released on 26 November 2021. The following week, it entered the UK Albums Chart at number 38. Two months prior to the album's release, a second compilation titled Caught on Stage: Live & Acoustic was announced.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from album liner notes
Ian Paice – Drums on "You Fool No One"
Charts
References
2021 compilation albums
Preuss's weaver (Ploceus preussi) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae, which is native to the African tropics.
Range
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, DRC, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
References
External links
Preuss's weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Preuss's weaver
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of West Africa
Preuss's weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The James D. Hathaway House is a historic house located at 311 Pine Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
Description and history
It is a -story, wood-framed structure, three bays wide, with a front-gable roof and a flush-boarded facade sheltered by a monumental two-story, Greek Revival style portico with fluted Ionic columns. It was built in 1843 by James D. Hathaway, a carpenter, and was perhaps designed by Russell Warren or copied by Hathaway from their designs. It is one of seven extant monumental temple-fronted Greek Revival houses in Fall River. It is also located within the Lower Highlands Historic District.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It currently functions as a law office.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
William Lindsey House (Fall River, Massachusetts)
John Mace Smith House
Osborn House
References
Russell Warren buildings
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Historic district contributing properties in Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Greek Revival houses in Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1843
The 2015 Citi Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 47th edition (for the men) and the 5th edition (for the women) of the Washington Open. The event was part of the ATP World Tour 500 series of the 2015 ATP World Tour, and of the WTA International tournaments of the 2015 WTA Tour. It took place at the William H.G. FitzGerald Tennis Center in Washington, D.C., United States, from August 3 to August 9, 2015.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
1 Qualifiers prize money is also the Round of 64 prize money
* per team
ATP singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 27, 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
Tommy Haas
Lleyton Hewitt
Nicolás Jarry
Denis Kudla
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
Ryan Harrison
Darian King
Marinko Matosevic
Yoshihito Nishioka
Guido Pella
John-Patrick Smith
The following player received entry as lucky loser:
Ivan Dodig
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Marcos Baghdatis → replaced by Ivan Dodig
Thanasi Kokkinakis → replaced by Go Soeda
Adrian Mannarino → replaced by Lukáš Lacko
Janko Tipsarević → replaced by Ričardas Berankis
ATP doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 27, 2015
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Sam Groth / Lleyton Hewitt
Steve Johnson / Sam Querrey
The following pair received entry from the doubles qualifying draw:
Austin Krajicek / Nicholas Monroe
The following pair received entry as lucky loser:
Treat Huey / Scott Lipsky
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Pablo Cuevas (back injury)
WTA singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 27, 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
Louisa Chirico
Taylor Townsend
CoCo Vandeweghe
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
Naomi Broady
Julia Glushko
Sanaz Marand
An-Sophie Mestach
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Victoria Azarenka → replaced by Polona Hercog
Eugenie Bouchard → replaced by Lauren Davis
Sara Errani → replaced by Irina Falconi
Daniela Hantuchová → replaced by Lara Arruabarrena
WTA doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 27, 2015
Other entrants
The following pair received a wildcard into the doubles main draw:
Louisa Chirico / Alizé Lim
Champions
Men's singles
Kei Nishikori def. John Isner, 4–6, 6–4, 6–4
Women's singles
Sloane Stephens def. Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, 6–1, 6–2
Men's doubles
Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan def. Ivan Dodig / Marcelo Melo, 6–4, 6–2
Women's doubles
Belinda Bencic / Kristina Mladenovic def. Lara Arruabarrena / Andreja Klepač, 7–5, 7–6(9–7)
References
External links
Official website
2015 WTA Tour
2015 Citi
2015 in American tennis
2015 in sports in Washington, D.C.
Miguel Ángel Fernández-Palacios Martínez (born on 1 October 1965), is a Spanish politician and diplomat who is currently the Ambassador to NATO since September 2018.
They have also been Spain's ambassador to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Ethiopia, with concurrence also in the Seychelles and Djibouti.
Biography
Miguel Ángel Fernández-Palacios was born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria on 1 October 1965.
They completed their primary and secondary studies at the Colegio Oficial Alemán in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria and later graduated in law at the Complutense University of Madrid, where they completed their Doctorate in Law. They also obtained a diploma in European Relations from the Catholic Institute of Paris.
In their early diplomatic career, they were assigned to the Spanish diplomatic missions in Algiers, The Hague, and Tegucigalpa.
They have been head of the United Nations and Western Europe area at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and advisor for International Affairs to the Ministry of Defence. In June 2005, they were appointed director of the cabinet of the defense minister.
In 2006, Fernández-Palacios was appointed ambassador of Spain in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In 2008, they were General Director of the Cabinet of the President of the Congress of Deputies, José Bono.
From 2011 to 2015, Fernández-Palacios was Ambassador of Spain Ethiopia, Djibouti and Seychelles, as well as Permanent Representative Observer to the African Union.
In March 2017, the diplomatic staff of the Spanish Embassy in Kinshasa was evacuated after the headquarters was hit by a shell. Ambassador Miguel Ángel Fernández-Palacios and the rest of the officials were evicted in tanks by Uruguayan soldiers from the UN mission, amid a hail of gunfire. The evacuees were sheltered in a building under the United Nations flag.
They held the position of Counselor for Parliamentary Affairs in the Permanent Representation of Spain to the European Union.
In September 2018, Fernández-Palacios became the ambassador to NATO.
References
1965 births
Living people
Spanish politicians
Spanish diplomats
Permanent Representatives of Spain to NATO
Ambassadors of Spain to Ethiopia
Ambassadors of Spain to the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ambassadors of Spain to Seychelles
Ambassadors of Spain to Djibouti
People from Las Palmas
Vernon Andrew Neville Bakalich (8 July 1929 – 21 November 2015) was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented New Zealand in the 1957 World Cup.
Playing career
Bakalich played for Richmond in the Auckland Rugby League competition and was an Auckland representative. They were first selected for the New Zealand national rugby league team in 1953 in a test series against Australia. Bakalich played in the 1954 test series against Great Britain but was not selected for the inaugural World Cup later that year.
In 1955 Bakalich returned to the side, touring Great Britain and France. Bakalich scored a then record twenty six tries in 30 games while on tour. They toured Australia in 1956 and was part of the squad for the 1957 World Cup. Their last appearance for the Kiwis was against France in 1958. In total they played in 42 games for New Zealand, including in 13 tests between 1954 and 1957.
In their final game for Auckland, in 1958, they scored a length-of-the-field try against the touring Great Britain side.
Legacy
In 2013 they were named on the wing in the Richmond rugby league club's team of the century.
They died on 21 November 2015.
References
1929 births
2015 deaths
20th-century New Zealand people
Auckland rugby league team players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
New Zealand rugby league players
Place of birth missing
Richmond Bulldogs players
Rugby league players from Auckland
Rugby league wingers
The ancient Egyptian noble Pabasa was chief flight attendant of the God's Wife of Amun Nitocris I during the Saite Period.  They are buried in tomb TT279, which is located in the El-Assasif, part of the Theban Necropolis, near Thebes.
Their sarcophagus was acquired in Paris in 1836 by Alexander Douglas-Hamilton, 10th Duke of Hamilton and was kept at Hamilton Palace until it was given to the Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum in Glasgow by the Hamilton Estate Trustees in 1922.
One of Pabasa's grandsons was Pedubast, the chief flight attendant and overseer of Upper Egypt, whose burial was discovered in 2015, located within the tomb TT391 at El-Assasif.
References
People of the Twenty-sixth Dynasty of Egypt
Ancient Egyptian high flight attendants
Adaina bipunctatus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in the United States, including Florida and Mississippi. It has also been recorded from Trinidad, the West Indies, Brazil and Ecuador.
The wingspan is 9–11.5 mm. Adults are entirely pale yellowish white, although the head is touched with pale brownish above and on the front. The forewings have a few brown scales and several brown spots. The fringes are slightly tinged with grey, as are the hindwings and their fringes.
Adults are on wing from January to April and again in August in the tropics. In Florida they have been recorded from the end of March to the end of June and again from mid-August to mid-December.
The larvae feed on Conoclinium coelestinum, Carphephorus paniculatus, Carphephorus odoratissimus, Pluchea rosea and Eupatorium cannabinum. The feed within the composite flower heads of their host plant.
References
Moths described in 1890
Oidaematophorini
The Bernardini S/A Industria e Comercio (Bernardini Industrial and Commerce Company), of São Paulo, Brazil, was a safe manufacturer which operated from 1912 to 1992. During its later years it branched out into vehicle production.
Products
Bernardini X1A1 Light Tank
Bernardini MB-3 Tamoyo tank
Bernardini Xingu BT25 and BT50 (4 x 4) light vehicles (Brazil), Jeep like vehicles and are based closely on the Toyota Bandeirante
References
D. Hanel "The Defence Industry of Latin America" Military Technology 3/2010 ISSN 0722-3226
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Brazil
Defence companies of Brazil
Defunct defence companies of Brazil
Manufacturing companies based in São Paulo
Memory/Vision is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker's Electro-Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "this is one of the most emotionally resonant works Parker has given listeners. And one hopes that such a description will not insult their brilliant mind or their aesthetic sensibilities. Wonderful".
The authors of the Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings awarded the album 4 stars, and wrote: "The single continuous performance has both a monumental quality and a strong sense of process and flux, like a sculpture made of plasma rather than stone or bronze."
In a review for The Guardian, John Fordham called the music "an extended piece of composition deploying some comparatively orthodox narrative notions about highs and lows, episodes of dramatic intensity and quiet reflection," and commented: "It's for a pretty specialised audience, but close followers and new converts to Parker's uncompromising creativity may well be intrigued."
Chris Kelsey, writing for Jazz Times, stated: "Textures ebb and flow; slow and sparse morphs into fast and dense. The musicians are all very sensitive and reactive free improvisers, as are the sound-processing guys, for the most part."
The BBC's Peter Marsh wrote: "This is music that hangs in the air, sometimes vaporous, sometimes almost sculptural in its weight. Parker's structures make this a rewarding (and repeatable) experience, and the spacious, pristine production gives each sound room to breathe. Luscious, alien stuff, and utterly beautiful."
In an article for All About Jazz, Jerry D'Souza remarked: "Time and structure go through various dimensions. Structure is broken, time fragmented, in a flow that ebbs and eddies. When the machines are the end voice, the ideas that leap out in jiggles and squeals and whirs are mesmerising. There is also the strength that derives from the playing."
Beppe Colli of Clocks and Clouds stated: "Evan Parker has succeeded in producing a work... which could not exist without modern technology but which is not slave to it in ways that today is all-too-common on a mass market - or à la mode. A work that is aesthetically accessible while being interesting at the same time. Which, given the present times, is definitely not to be underestimated."
Track listing
All compositions by Evan Parker
"Part 1" - 10:22
"Part 2" - 11:18
"Part 3" - 5:09
"Part 4" - 13:21
"Part 5" - 12:43
"Part 6" - 9:10
"Part 7" - 8:31
Recorded live at Norges Musikkhøgskole in Oslo, Sweden in October 2002.
Personnel
Evan Parker - soprano saxophone, tapes and samples
Philipp Wachsmann - violin, electronics
Agustí Fernandez - piano, prepared piano
Barry Guy - double bass
Paul Lytton - percussion, electronics
Lawrence Casserley - signal processing instrument
Joel Ryan - computer, sound-processing
Walter Prati - electronics, sound processing
Marco Vecchi - electronics, sound processing
References
ECM Records live albums
Evan Parker live albums
2003 albums
The Hospital Universitario Infanta Leonor is a general hospital managed under a public–private partnership model, located at the neighborhood of Santa Eugenia, in Madrid, Spain. It is part of the network of hospitals of the Servicio Madrileño de Salud (SERMAS).
It is one of the healthcare institutions associated to the Complutense University of Madrid (UCM) for the purpose of clinical internship.
History
It was opened on 29 February 2008. Featuring a built surface of square metres, it has 264 hospitalary beds and 11 operating rooms.
It became a centre directly managed by the SERMAS in 2016.
In 2017 the Hospital Virgen de la Torre became part of the organization of the Infanta Leonor from a legal standpoint. In 2019, DIF, a Dutch investment fund, acquired the whole hospital.
Its medical emergency services collapsed in March 2020, during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, with patients lying on the floor of the hospital corridors.
References
Villa de Vallecas
Infanta Leonor
Kealkill () is a small village in County Cork, Ireland, located 10.3 kilometres from Bantry and 75.8 kilometres from Cork City. Its amenities include a church, a shop, a school, a community playgroup, two public houses and a GAA club (St Colum's).
History
Stone circle
Kealkill stone circle is an archaeological site with a very small 5-stone recumbent stone circle, a pair of outlier standing stones, and the remains of a radial stone cairn. Breeny More Stone Circle also stands nearby, while Maughanasilly Stone Row is in the hills to the north. Visitors to the circle can view Bantry Bay to the west, Cnoc Baoi to the north and the Sheha Hills to the east. A series of walks connect the circle to Carriganass Castle and the Sheep's Head Way.
Irish Civil War
On Wednesday 19 April 1922, the first fatalities of the Irish Civil War occurred in Kealkill when two soldiers of the Republican IRA (Anti Treaty) army were killed. These were volunteers Kelly and Cronin, both from nearby Bantry.
Notable residents
Rowland Robert Teape Davis (b. 1807), advocate of Catholic emancipation, Oddfellow and New Zealand working class agitator.
Alan O'Connor (b. 1985), Cork senior footballer and All-Ireland Senior football winner in 2010.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Towns and villages in County Cork
Articles on towns and villages in Ireland possibly missing Irish place names
