Plato is an unincorporated community in Bloomfield Township, LaGrange County, Indiana.
History
A post office opened at Plato in 1890, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1901. The community was likely named for the philosopher Plato.
Geography
Plato is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaGrange County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Los Ayala is a small beach town and fishing village located in the municipality of Compostela, in the Mexican state of Nayarit. It is one of the three towns that make the Jaltemba Bay, the other two being Rincón de Guayabitos and La Peñita de Jaltemba, which stretches from Punta Raza on the south to Playa Boca de Naranjo on the north. As of 2015, the population of Los Ayala is 316 inhabitants.
Situated at the foot of the Sierra de Vallejo mountain range, Los Ayala is the smallest and southernmost town in Jaltemba Bay. It is a quiet beach community with several small hotels, numerous family-style bungalows and a couple of trailer parks. The area is also known as a bird watching paradise where flocks of green parakeets, amiable pelicans, frigate birds, prancing egrets, inca doves, white doves, tropical king birds and the lone eagle can be seen.
References
External links
Los Ayala - Mexico's Riviera Nayarit
Los Ayala - Explore Nayarit
Populated places in Nayarit
Beaches of Nayarit
Port cities and towns on the Mexican Pacific coast
Lishcha (; Kaitag: Леххьа) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dzhirabachinsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 110 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Lishcha is located 17 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Surgiya and Daknisa are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Percy Arthur Barnett (1858 – 26 October 1941) was a British educationalist and author, Superintendent of Education for the Colony of Natal, and Chief Inspector of Training of Teachers in England.
Early life and education
Barnett was born in Plymouth, the son of a Jewish research chemist, but was orphaned and grew up in the Jews' Hospital and Orphan Asylum, Norwood. They became a student at the City of London School and at Trinity College, Oxford. They won a scholarship to Oxford in 1877, and finished in 1881 with a first in literature humanities.
Career
Barnett was a professor of English at Firth College, Sheffield, a predecessor of the University of Sheffield, from 1882 to 1888. They were named principal of the Borough Road teacher training college, a predecessor of the West London Institute of Higher Education, in 1888. In this post, they promoted athleticism, from their "Oxbridge belief in the value of games". They became an inspector of schools in 1893. Between 1902 and 1904 they were Superintendent of Education in the Colony of Natal and a member of the Civil Service Board of Natal and the Council of the University of Cape Colony. Their wife's letters from this period are archived at the Bodleian Library, University of Oxford. They became Chief Inspector of Training on their return to England in 1905, and continued in that post until 1912.
Books
Barnett's books include:
Teaching and Organisation, with Special Reference to Secondary Schools: A Manual of Practice (Longmans, Green, and co., 1897)
The Little Book of Health and Courtesy (1905) (reprinted as part of Life in a Bustle: Advice to Youth) (with Sir Alfred Milner and C. G. Montefiore, 2017).
Common Sense in Education and Teaching: An Introduction to Practice (Longmans, Green, and co., 1899; 5th ed., 1906)
Natal, The State and the Citizen (Longmans, Green, and co., 1904)
The Story of Robinson Crusoe in Latin (with G. E. Goffeaux, Longmans, Green, and co., 1907)
Common Sense Grammar (1923)
Personal life
Barnett is recorded as having converted to the Christian faith. Their wife, Annie Barnett (née Beeching; 1862–1941), was active in the suffrage movement; their father sold books and their brother was Henry Charles Beeching, a writer and the Dean of Norwich. Their daughter was Charis Frankenburg (1892–1985).
They died on 26 October 1941.
References
1858 births
1941 deaths
People from Plymouth, Devon
Alumni of Trinity College, Oxford
Academics of the University of Sheffield
19th-century English educators
20th-century English educators
20th-century South African educators
19th-century English non-fiction writers
20th-century English non-fiction writers
is a private women's junior college in the city of Nara in Nara Prefecture, Japan. It was established in 1965.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1965
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nara Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1965 establishments in Japan
Antonia "Toni" Farnworth (née Edmondson) (born 10 May 1987) is a New Zealand professional basketball player for the Ringwood Hawks of the NBL1 South. They have spent most of their career playing in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL) in Australia and has been a long-time representative and captain of the New Zealand national team, the Tall Ferns.
Professional career
Early years (2007–2012)
Farnworth began their professional career in 2007 when they joined their hometown team, the Christchurch Sirens, of the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL). They played one season for the Sirens before the club folded prior to the start of the 2008–09 season.
In 2009, Farnworth moved to Australia and joined the Albury Wodonga Bandits of the South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL). In 21 games for the Bandits in 2009, they averaged 15.1 points and 7.3 rebounds per game.
Farnworth returned to the WNBL for the 2009–10 season, joining the Dandenong Rangers. In 22 games for the club, they averaged 5.0 points and 2.2 rebounds per game.
After spending the 2010 SEABL season with Albury Wodonga, Farnworth joined the Bendigo Spirit for the 2010–11 WNBL season. In 24 games for the club, they averaged 4.3 points and 2.8 rebounds per game. Following the 2010–11 WNBL season, Farnworth joined the Bendigo Braves for the 2011 SEABL season.
In July 2011, Farnworth signed with the Adelaide Lightning for the 2011–12 WNBL season. In 24 games for the club, they averaged 4.2 points and 2.4 rebounds per game. Following the 2011–12 WNBL season, they joined the Hume City Broncos for the 2012 Big V season. In 12 games for Hume City, they averaged 20.9 points, 8.5 rebounds, 3.1 assists and 1.4 blocks per game.
West Coast Waves (2012–2015)
In August 2012, Farnworth signed with the West Coast Waves for the 2012–13 WNBL season. Edmondson found their place with the Waves in Perth while playing under their long-time coach and mentor Kennedy Kereama. However, success eluded the Waves over their three seasons with the club as they finished on the bottom of the ladder every year, winning just nine total games over that span. Them best season with the Waves came in 2013–14 when they recorded averages of 13.2 points, 4.1 rebounds and 2.4 assist per game, all career highs. During their time with the Waves, they played in the State Basketball League (SBL) during the off-seasons, competing with the Willetton Tigers (2013 & 2014) and Joondalup Wolves (2015).
Perth Lynx (2015–2019)
On 2 September 2015, Farnworth signed with the Perth Lynx for the 2015–16 WNBL season, joining the rebranded club after the Perth Wildcats purchased the West Coast Waves. They helped the Lynx reach their first WNBL Grand Final since 1999, where they lost the best-of-three series 2–0 to the Townsville Fire. They appeared in all 27 games for the Lynx in 2015–16, averaging 3.7 points, 2.1 rebounds and 1.4 assists per game.
For the 2016 SBL season, Farnworth joined the Perry Lakes Hawks.
On 3 May 2016, Farnworth re-signed with the Perth Lynx for the 2016–17 WNBL season. They started all 27 games for the Lynx in 2016–17, averaging 8.8 points, 3.6 rebounds and 2.4 assists per game.
In March 2017, Farnworth re-joined the Perry Lakes Hawks. Farnworth was a powerful force for the Hawks in 2017, helping them win the minor premiership with a 20–2 record before reaching the SBL Grand Final. Farnworth took out the Grand Final MVP award after their dominant performance in leading the Hawks to championship victory over the Mandurah Magic, particularly in the second half where they had 18 of their 26 points. They shot 8-of-18 from the field, 3-of-7 from downtown and 7-of-8 at the foul line.
On 11 April 2017, Farnworth re-signed with the Perth Lynx for the 2017–18 WNBL season. On 28 September 2017, just a week out from the start of the WNBL season, Farnworth was ruled out for up to 12 weeks with a broken wrist they suffered during pre-season play. On 25 November 2017, they were cleared to return three weeks ahead of the initial time frame. The Lynx finished on top of the ladder thanks to a 14-game winning streak, but a brutal travel schedule and string of injuries robbed them of the chance to taste ultimate success.
They re-joined the Hawks in 2018, before re-signing with the Lynx on 14 June 2018.
Melbourne Boomers and Ringwood Hawks (2019–present)
For the 2019–20 WNBL season and the 2020 WNBL Hub season in Queensland, Farnworth played for the Melbourne Boomers. They retired from the WNBL in August 2021.
In 2019 and 2021, Farnworth played in the NBL1 South for the Ringwood Hawks.
National team career
Farnworth made their debut for the New Zealand Tall Ferns during the 2007 FIBA Oceania Championship. At the 2013 FIBA Oceania Championship, Farnworth averaged a tournament-leading 22 points per game. They represented the Tall Ferns at the 2017 FIBA Women's Asia Cup, averaging 7.7 points and 6.2 rebounds. Farnworth was selected in the New Zealand team for the 2018 Commonwealth Games. They retired from the Tall Ferns in August 2021 after amassing more than 100 games for New Zealand – one of just nine players to have achieved such a figure.
Personal life
In April 2017, they married Josh Farnworth.
References
External links
WNBL profile
SBL stats
"Perth co-captain Toni Farnworth to play 150th game for Lynx against Dandenong" at thewest.com.au
1987 births
Living people
Adelaide Lightning players
Bendigo Spirit players
Dandenong Rangers players
Guards (basketball)
Melbourne Boomers players
New Zealand expatriate basketball people in Australia
New Zealand women's basketball players
Perth Lynx players
Sportspeople from Christchurch
Basketball players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games medallists in basketball
Norman Priggen (7 July 1924 in London – December 1999 in Uckfield, East Sussex) was a British film producer and assistant film director. They were an assistant director on Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949). As a producer they are best remembered for their work with Joseph Losey in the 1960s and early 1970s. Among their production credits are The Cruel Sea (1953), The Professionals (1960), Payroll (1961), The Servant (1963), King & Country (1964), Accident (1967), Secret Ceremony (1968), The Go-Between (1971), Black Gunn (1972), The Assassination of Trotsky (1972), Tales That Witness Madness (1973), and Freddie as F.R.O.7 (1992).
References
External links
British film producers
British film directors
1924 births
1999 deaths
Film producers from London
Saxophone Colossus is the sixth studio album by American jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins. Perhaps Rollins's best-known album, it is often considered their breakthrough record. It was recorded monophonically on June 22, 1956, with producer Bob Weinstock and engineer Rudy Van Gelder at the latter's studio in Hackensack, New Jersey. Rollins led a quartet on the album that included pianist Tommy Flanagan, bassist Doug Watkins, and drummer Max Roach. Saxophone Colossus was released by Prestige Records to critical success and helped establish Rollins as a prominent jazz artist.
In 2017, Saxophone Colossus was selected for preservation in the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or artistically significant".
Background
There are five tracks on the album, three of which are credited to Rollins. "St. Thomas" is a calypso-inspired piece named after Saint Thomas in the Virgin Islands. The tune is traditional and had already been recorded by Randy Weston in 1955 under the title "Fire Down There". (In the booklet provided with the boxed set, The Complete Prestige Recordings, Rollins makes it clear that it was the record company that insisted on their taking credit.) In any case, the piece has since become a jazz standard, with this being its most famous recorded version.
The final track, "Blue 7", is a blues piece, over eleven minutes long. Its main, rather disjunct melody was spontaneously composed. The performance is among Rollins's most acclaimed, and is the subject of an article by Gunther Schuller entitled "Sonny Rollins and the Challenge of Thematic Improvisation". Schuller praises Rollins on "Blue 7" for the use of motivic development exploring and developing melodic themes throughout their three solos, so that the piece is unified, rather than being composed of unrelated ideas.
The original 22 June 1956 session was recorded by Rudy Van Gelder. A CD version, mastered by Steve Hoffman, was released in May 1995 by DCC Compact Classics; no additional performances were included. Another remastered version, this time by Van Gelder, was released on 21 March 2006. The album's title was devised by Prestige Records' in-house publicity director Robert "Bob" Altshuler.
Release and reception
Independent sources have differed in their reporting of the album's release date. According to The Mojo Collection, it was released in the autumn of 1956, and AllMusic also lists that year as the one of its release, while an August 1957 issue of Billboard magazine listed the album among records released in the period between March 16 and July of that same year. Reviewing in April 1957, Billboard said "Rollins' latest effort should really start musicians buzzing", as "the tenorman is one of the most vigorous, dynamic and inventive of modern jazzmen", and "everytrack is packed with surprises, tho Rollins develops each solo with great architectural logic". Ralph J. Gleason reviewed the album later in June for DownBeat, writing:
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, Scott Yanow called Saxophone Colossus "arguably their finest all-around set", while German musicologist Peter Niklas Wilson deemed it "another milestone of the Rollins discography, a recording repeatedly cited as Rollins' chef d'oeuvre, and one of the classic jazz albums of all time".
In 2000 it was voted number 405 in Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums. The Penguin Guide to Jazz included the album in its suggested “core collection” of essential recordings, and in addition to its maximum rating of four stars awarded it a “crown”, indicating an album for which the authors felt particular admiration or affection.
Track listing
Side one
Side two
Personnel
Sonny Rollins – tenor saxophone
Tommy Flanagan – piano
Doug Watkins – bass
Max Roach – drums
References
External links
Interview with Sonny Rollins from the Library of Congress
1956 albums
Sonny Rollins albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Bob Weinstock
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
United States National Recording Registry recordings
United States National Recording Registry albums
Ustad Bahauddin Khan Qawwal (1934 – 3 February 2006) () was a Pakistani Qawwali musician.
All five of their sons - Muhammad Najmuddin (born 1967), Saifuddin Mehmood (born 1971), Zafeeruddin Ahmed (born 1977), Mughisuddin Hassan (born 1979) and Ehtishamuddin Hussain (born 1981) - have followed in their footsteps. Traditional Qawwali singing heritage of the city of Karachi can still be felt and seen in a small neighborhood in Karachi named Qawwali Gali in the Saddar Town area, where a street is named after Bahauddin Qawwal.
Early life
Bahauddin Khan is descended from a family of musicians which traces its lineage back to the days of Amir Khusrow of the 13th century India. To propagate Islam throughout South Asia, Amir Khusrow banded together twelve youngsters (12 Kids Band), and personally trained them in singing and performing Qawwali, a genre of devotional Sufi music. They appointed Mian Saamat as the leader of this group, which was named the Qawwal Bachche (the qawwal kids). The Qawwal Bachche, in turn, taught Qawwali to other aspiring students.
Bahauddin Qawwal was born in 1934 in British India and died in Karachi on 3 Feb 2006 in Karachi, Pakistan. Bahauddin belonged to the Qawwal Bacchon gharana of Delhi, which was founded by Hazrat Khwaja Ameer Khusro. Bahauddin is also the maternal nephew of famous Qawwal and classical singer Ustad Aziz Ahmed Khan Warsi. They received formal musical training from their father, Suleman Khan, and their uncle, Sardar Khan.
Career
They began giving public performances, and won prizes and acclaim, from the early age of six, individually and also as an active member of the group Manzoor Niazi Qawwal and party. In 1947, they were decorated as Nunhay Raagi, in 1949 they received Certificate of Performance, and in 1951 earned the title of Nunhay Hind Raagi from the Indian Prime Minister. In 2000, they were awarded with the title Tamgha-i-Imtiaz by the President of Pakistan, and in 2002 earned the title of Ustad from the Vice President of Mauritius and also received Gold Medal and Commemorative Shield from the Minister of Arts & Culture. In 2003, they received the "In the name of Allah" Award from Viqar-e-Adab, an organization working for the revival, propagation, development and betterment of arts & culture.
In 1956, Bahauddin left the court of the Nizam of Hyderabad, India and migrated to Pakistan. There they started afresh with their cousins Munshi Raziuddin and Manzoor Ahmed Niazi which included their brother and other nephews also, under the patronage and guidance of their father, Suleman Khan.
In 1966, Bahauddin went solo under their own name, and in 1969, in recognition of their masterly rendition of Qawwali, eminent personalities and lovers of Qawwali crowned them Ashraf-ul-Mousiqaraan.
Bahauddin performed all over the world, touring Europe, the Middle East, East and South Africa, Iran and India several times.
The National Centre for the Performing Arts (India) has recorded their classical style of Qawwali on the Golden Tape for safe-keeping up to 200 years, as a reference and guide for researchers and scholars. Dr. Zoe Ansari, a research scholar and historian, recorded them for inclusion on a two- cassette audio-biography of Amir Khusro. The French broadcasting authorities and the BBC have also recorded Bahauddin for purposes of research and reference. Their Qawwalis in Urdu, Persian and Arabic are regularly telecast in Pakistan. They have also been sent to Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan and some Central Asian Countries on special requests.
Bahauddin Qawwal and their family have been continuously attached to Sufi orders for the last seven centuries. They have been granted permanent rooms adjacent to the shrines of Moinuddin Chishti, Nizamuddin Auliya and Alauddin Sabir Kaliyari, in Ajmer, Delhi and Kalyar respectively, due to their regular services to and continuous attachment with these Sufi saints. Furthermore, the descendants of Nizamuddin Auliya conferred a Certificate of Affiliation on them and turbaned them and their sons in recognition of their family's attachment to the Sufi order of Nizamuddin Auliya.
Bahauddin held many positions at different organizations dedicated to the revival and development of Qawwali. They have released 9 VCDs/CDs and 39 video/audio cassettes and records. In 1978, Hilton Movies recorded a Qawwali of theirs for their film Gardish.
Lineage
Bahauddin's sons have followed in their footsteps. In May 1999, Lok Virsa invited their sons Najmuddin and Saifuddin to perform at Islamabad at the National Youth Festival. In November–December 2005, they toured the UK, performing 13 concerts in 10 different cities. They went on to tour Switzerland in January 2006, performing in 6 cities. These concerts were arranged to raise funds for the victims of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake. Najmuddin and Saifuddin were recorded by Iran Radio, Zahidan, during their visit to Iran in 2000, and by the government network Pakistan Television as well the private ARY Digital network. They have received Hazrat Amir Khusro Award and New Qawali Talent Award for their performances. They released an audio-cassette in 2003 and in 2004.
After Qawwal Bahauddin Khan's death, the Sindh Minister for Sports and Culture established the Bahauddin Qawwal Award in their honor.
References
1934 births
2006 deaths
Pakistani qawwali singers
Muhajir people
Pakistani qawwali groups
20th-century Pakistani male singers
Martin Staehelin (born 25 September 1937) is a Swiss musicologist and university lecturer.
Life
Born in Basel, Staehelin first studied ancient languages, history, school music and flute. In 1967 they received their doctorate in musicology and ancient languages as minor subjects.
After their Zurich habilitation on the composer Heinrich Isaac, Staehelin first became director of the Beethoven Archive and Beethoven House in Bonn before being appointed professor of musicology at the University of Göttingen in 1983.
Since 1987 they have been a full member of the philological-historical class of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities. In 2013 they gave the laudation for the award of the Lichtenberg Medal to Joshua Rifkin. In 1993 they were appointed honorary director of the Johann Sebastian Bach Institute in Göttingen. Since that same year they have been a member of the Academia Europaea in London and since 1998 member of the advisory board of the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation in Berlin.
Publications
Die mittelalterliche Musik-Handschrift W1: Vollständige Reproduktion des ‘Notre Dame'-Manuskripts der Herzog August Bibliothek Wolfenbüttel Cod. Guelf. 628 Helmst. Wolfenbütteler Mittelalter-Studien 9. Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden 1995, .
Ein unbekannter Brief von Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff an Felix Staehelin über die 'Geschichte der kleinasiatischen Galater'''. In: Klio. volume 76 (1994),
Musikwissenschaft und Musikpflege an der Georg-August-Universität Göttingen: Beiträge zu ihrer Geschichte. Göttingen: Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, 1987. . 200 pages.
"Pierre de La Rue," in The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie. 20 vols. London, Macmillan Publishers Ltd., 1980.
Die Messen Heinrich Isaacs: Quellenstudien zu Heinrich Isaac und seinem Messen-Oeuvre. 3 vols, Publikationen der Schweizerischen Musikforschenden Gesellschaft. Bern - Stuttgart: Haupt, 1977.
References
Further reading
Ulrich Konrad (edit.): Musikalische Quellen – Quellen zur Musikgeschichte''. Studies in honour of Staehelin on their 65th birthday. Göttingen 2002.
External links
Staehelin Martin in WorldCat
Martin Staehelin on the website of the University of Göttingen
Martin Staehelin on the website of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities
Swiss musicologists
20th-century musicologists
Music historians
Bach scholars
Beethoven scholars
University of Göttingen faculty
Members of Academia Europaea
1937 births
Living people
People from Basel-Stadt
Hermippus of Berytus, also known as Hermippus Berytius or Hermippus the Berytian (; fl. 2nd century AD) was a Greek grammarian from Berytus (modern-day Beirut) who flourished under Trajan and Hadrian. By birth they were a slave, but having become the disciple of Philo of Byblos, they were recommended by them to Herennius Severus, and attained to great eminence by their eloquence and learning. They wrote many works, among which were an account of dreams in five books, and a book Περὶ Ἑβδομάδος. They wrote a work on famous slaves, which included Parthenius of Nicaea.  They are also quoted by Clement of Alexandria, and by Stephanus of Byzantium.
Notes
2nd-century Greek people
Ancient Greek biographers
Ancient Greek grammarians
Ancient Greek slaves and freedmen
Lebanon in the Roman era
Abdollah Izadpanah () (born in Seydun, Khuzestan province) is a principlist representative of Izeh and Bagh-e Malek in the Islamic Consultative Assembly (the Parliament of Iran) who was elected at the 11th Majles elections on 21 February 2020 and captured about 34,000 votes.
Abdollah Izadpanah is considered as one of the 18 representatives of Khuzestan provinces at the current "Islamic Consultative Assembly" (11th parliament).
See also
List of Iran's parliament representatives (11th term)
References
Members of the Islamic Consultative Assembly by term
Members of the 11th Islamic Consultative Assembly
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
San Severino Lucano is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Burtunay (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 4,035 as of 2010. There are 18 streets.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Famous residents
Saygidpasha Umakhanov (statesman)
Gadzhi Makhachev (statesman, Doctor of Law, Professor, Deputy of the State Duma of the Russian Federation)
Adam Amirilayev (Deputy of the State Duma of the Russian Federation)
Geography
Burtunay is located 13 km south of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Almak and Guni are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Gregory Herman is an American fashion designer, brand, and producer.  They are best known for their luxury line of handbags and collections of interior products. In addition to their work in design, Herman, from 2011-2012 was signed to a first look deal to develop television and feature film concepts with Shaftesbury Films, and later from 2013-15 with Starz Media | Film Roman. In 2016, Herman signed another first look deal with Lakeshore Films, and partnered up with Drew Barrymore of Flower Films and Universal Cable Productions (UCP) to co-develop BLOOMS, a one-hour dramedy series for MTV Productions. Herman is currently represented by the talent agency William Morris Endeavor.
Early life
Born June 19, 1972, Herman was raised by their mother Judy Herman in Los Angeles, California.  They are of Hungarian descent and identifies themselves both as American and Hungarian.
Their mother, Judy, operated a small personal agency in Beverly Hills. Them clients included Frank Sinatra, Elizabeth Taylor, Ellen Degeneres, Dr. Dre, D.J. Steve Aoki, Steve Jobs, Jennifer Aniston, and many others. For over twenty years, Judy was entrusted in taking care of their personal lives and homes. Unfortunately, Greg's sister, Lori, was diagnosed with stage four Hodgkins lymphoma and thyroid cancer. Lori survived, and in a chance meeting with Erin Brockovich later came to spearhead a lawsuit against the city of Beverly Hills and Venoco. This case and Lori's struggles gained international media attention and was chronicled in Julia Stoops's book Parts per Million.
Herman, after graduating from Beverly Hills High School, went on to study theatre and modern drama at University of Cambridge and later earned a degree in Anthropology from The University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Career
Upon graduating from college, Herman was crashing on friends' sofas, when they started Greg Herman Handbags in 1997. Having traded medical school for the fashion industry, Herman was determined to alter the way handbags were designed and sold. Their first launch collection was a modernistic look incorporating suede and tapestry fabric. They left Los Angeles and headed to New York to pursue a career in fashion, specifically handbag design. The brand formally debuted that same year with the aid of then friend and muse Rachel Rosenzweig aka Rachel Zoe, the Steven Alan Showroom, and Jane Pratt, founder of Jane Magazine, all of who helped shepherd the collections throughout the New York fashion scene—introducing Herman to both buyers and editors at W Magazine, Cosmopolitan, and Vogue. Herman went on to become a global brand creating exclusive handbag collections for Barneys New York, House of Fraser, Scoop, Henri Bendel, Harvey Nichols, and Neiman Marcus. In 2000, Herman developed one of the first online handbag collections with Girlshop.com, the first dedicated online fashion portal.
In 1998, Herman befriended Brittany Murphy, Alyssa Milano, Christina Applegate, and Sharon Stone. In 2017, Greg met artist and photographer Orit Harpaz and together they created the Weirdoh Birds brand- a collection made up of chic and groovy wallcoverings, homegoods, and other wares. Today, the Greg Herman brand, House of Herman, and Bands of Misfits are operated by MGC collective, a collaborative design group focused on curating collections and setting up strategic creative partnerships in the fields of accessories, home design products, hospitality, jewelry, apparel, and fine art.
Personal life
Herman resides and maintains their base of operations both in Los Angeles and New York.
References
External links
Entrepreneur Magazine
Los Angeles Times 1999
Hollywood Reporter: Erin Brockovich | Beverly Hills
People Magazine
A Celebrity School's Students Say Oil Wells Are Making Them Sick
Official Greg Herman Website
Official Bands of Misfits Website
Weirdoh Birds: Wallcovering collaboration
CBS News: Brokovich
CNN: Beverly Hills Oil
Fashion: Los Angeles Magazine
Huffington Post: Beverly Hills Oil
Variety: MTV Blooms
1972 births
Living people
American fashion designers
American interior designers
American jewelry designers
People from Los Angeles
Krystian Czernichowski (6 February 1930 – 13 November 2014) was a Polish basketball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1930 births
2014 deaths
Polish men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lviv
People from Lwów Voivodeship
The Independent National Electoral Commission ( or CENI) is the body that runs elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
This organization was tasked with executing the country's 2016 general election. However, it delayed the election until 2018 "because the number of voters isn't known." The country's political opposition has alleged that the country's president Joseph Kabila is trying to remain in power after their constitutionally mandated term expires.
CENI's bank accounts are held at the BGFIBank Group. It held US$55 million as of May 2016. The same month, it borrowed an additional US$25 million from the BFGIBank, with $2.4 million in fees. According to Le Monde, the 2016 presidential elections were postponed on the grounds that the CENI lacked sufficient funds to register voters.
In October 2021, the president of the National Assembly gave 72 hours to the eight religious denominations to come to an agreement. They meet to try to agree on the name of the future president of the Ceni.
CENI's president is Denis Kadima Kazadi.
References
External links
Elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Congo, Democratic Republic
Víctor Rodríguez (born 22 December 1974) is a Mexican former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Mexico
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Mexican male sport wrestlers
In mathematics, geology, and cartography, a surface map is a 2D perspective representation of a 3-dimensional surface.
Surface maps usually represent real-world entities such as landforms or the surfaces of objects. They can, however, serve as an abstraction where the third, or even all of the dimensions correspond to non-spatial data. In this capacity they act more than graphs than maps.
Maps
Radical 205 meaning "frog" or "amphibian" is 1 of 4 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 13 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 40 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
Characters with Radical 205
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+9EFD
References
205
Rowland Main Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Rowland, Robeson County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 35 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in the central business district of Rowland. It includes buildings built between about 1891 to 1954 in a variety of popular architectural styles including Bungalow / American Craftsman. Notable buildings include the S.L. Adams Grocery and General Store (1891), Hedgepath and Chitty Clothing and Shoe Store (1905), Kheiralla Brothers Store (c. 1920), Rowland Drug Company (1902), Merchants and Farmers Bank (1911), Former Fire Station (c. 1948), and Rolling Milling Company (c. 1940). Six buildings have stamped metal fronts manufactured from galvanized sheet iron by the Chattanooga Roofing and Foundry Company.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
The Ryerson Students' Union (RSU) is the current students' union that represents full-time undergraduate students at Toronto Metropolitan University, previously known as Ryerson University. All full-time students are required to be members and pay a levy. The money is used to fund student groups, events for students and campaigning.
Board
The board of directors sets the direction and the executive manage the day-to-day operations of the corporation. Students elect 3 to 7 members from each faculty, depending on the size of the faculty, to the board, in addition to student representatives from the university's senate, student groups, course unions and residence.
Equity Service Centres
The RSU has eight Equity Service Centres: The Centre for Women & Trans People, The Good Food Centre, BIPOC Students' Collective, Access TMU, The Queer Space, Centre for Safer Sex & Sexual Violence Support, SHIFT Centre and the Trans Collective. These centres serve as a space for students from different marginalized backgrounds to come together and organize equity and social justice initiatives, events, and campaigns.
In 2010, The board of directors voted to change the name from "Community Service Groups" to "Equity Service Centres".
Controversy
The RSU has been extensively criticized for its equity centre policies and for banning a men's issues student group on campus. In 2015, former RSU vice-president education Jesse Root was accused of deleting emails in violation of Ontario's privacy laws.
Ram Ganesh misuse of funds controversy
On January 24, 2019, photos of credit card statements belonging to RSU President Ramganesh Ragupathy (Ram Ganesh) were obtained and published on Facebook by university political group Rhinoceros Party. The statements alleged frivolous spending by Ganesh of over $250,000, including transactions for alcohol, a casino, various bars and nightclubs, hotel rooms, and at a sporting goods store.
In response to ongoing turmoil at the union involving both the above scandal and an inability to renegotiate a new operating agreement, Toronto Metropolitan University terminated its 1986 operating agreement with the union and declared that it would no longer recognize the union as the official student government for full-time undergraduate and graduate students on campus. The courts ordered an injunction preventing the university from severing the agreement.
See also
List of Ontario students' associations
References
External links
Ontario students' associations
Students'
The Static Jacks are an American rock band from Westfield, New Jersey, consisting of singer Ian Devaney, guitarist Henry Kaye, guitarist Michael Sue-Poi, and drummer Nick Brennan.
History
Formation (2007–2010)
Devaney, Kaye, and Brennan started playing together their first year of high school for a class project on the Harlem Renaissance. A short time later they began writing songs with some other friends. Each attended separate universities for one semester before leaving to continue playing music together, along with then-bassist Spencer Kimmins. After putting up "guitarist wanted" flyers in local music stores, they received a call from Sue-Poi, who was interested in trying out and allegedly ripped down the flyer so no one else could contact the band.
In the middle of a conversation about how the group wanted someone to produce their next recording, they received an email from Andrew Maury, who had remixed one of their songs for Remix Artist Collective, offering their services as a producer. Music blog "Pop Tarts Suck Toasted" included The Static Jacks in their "Best Newish New Jersey Bands" feature of the Top 10 Jersey Bands Ever in 2009.
Shortly afterwards, in the Spring of 2009, they recorded the Laces EP, setting up a makeshift studio in a local church. After a series of small tours around the Northeast in support of the EP in their parent's cars, the band decided it was time to get a van, and took to busking in New York City parks for money. After several months of this, they had enough money to buy a van, and did so, from an armed man in camouflage pants.
If You're Young and Spray Tan (2011–2013)
The Static Jacks were signed by Fearless Records in 2011. They spent the next year writing and touring, until early 2012, when they began recording their debut full-length album, If You're Young, with the producer Chris Shaw. The album was recorded at Stratosphere Sound in NYC, owned by Adam Schlesinger of Fountains of Wayne and James Iha of The Smashing Pumpkins, the latter of whom played tambourine on the album's closing track. After about two weeks of caressing the Grammy's that were lying around the office, the album was complete.
On July 25, 2011, TSJ premiered a double A-side single online consisting of "Into the Sun" and "Mercy, Hallelujah".
If You're Young was released August 30, 2012, and the band then began touring extensively around the United States, UK and Europe.
On November 17, 2011, The Static Jacks made their television debut on Fuel TV's The Daily Habit. On December 21, 2011, The Static Jacks appeared on NBC's Last Call with Carson Daly.
Before If You're Young was released, the band had already started work on another EP, with Andrew Maury, entitled Spray Tan. It was recorded at a studio in Jersey City that was built inside an art-storage facility, and owned by high school friend Dan Zavaro. On April 16, a new song from the EP called "Young Guns" was streamed and offered for a free download. After this experience, the band needed no further convincing, and decided Maury would produce their next full length as well.  They are currently doing so, with the album being recorded at Retromedia Studio in Red Bank, NJ.
In Blue (2013–2014)
On June 28, 2013 the band announced their new album, "In Blue", would be released on October 1, 2013. They also gave a free download of the song "I'll Come Back." The band have since remained fairly inactive, with their most recent live show in April 2014.
Discography
Studio albums
EPs
Spray Tan (Spring 2012)
Laces (September 15, 2009)
Bridges and Tunnels (Fall 2008)
Sonny Halliday (Fall 2007)
References
External links
The Static Jacks official website and blog
Indie rock musical groups from New Jersey
Fearless Records artists
The Stork Tower or Guanque Tower () is an ancient Chinese tower in Puzhou Town, Yongji, Shanxi, China. It was located in the southwest outside the Puzhou ancient city, and near to the Pujin Ferry (). The Stork Tower had reached unprecedented heyday in the Tang dynasty (618-907) due to an eternally famous poem "On the Stork Tower" () written by poet Wang Zhihuan (688-742). Alongside the Pavilion of Prince Teng, Yueyang Tower and Yellow Crane Tower, it is one of the Four Great Towers of China.
Location
Located in the juncture of Shanxi, Shaanxi and Henan, it has been an important traffic fort since ancient times. Yongji City, backing to the Zhongtiao Mountains and facing the Yellow River, is called Puzhou () historically. Now, the site of Puzhou ancient city still exists. The thick city walls and tall gate towers are showing the prosperity of Puzhou City back then. Puzhou Ferry () is built outside the west gate of the Puzhou City. Four burly iron bulls and iron human statues in different folk costumes were once tightly tied to Pujin Floating Bridge () across the Yellow River.
History
Northern Zhou dynasty (557–581)
According to the historical records, the Stork Tower was first built in the Northern and Southern dynasties (420-589) by Yuwen Hu (513-572), a powerful minister of the Northern Zhou dynasty (557-581). Arrogating all powers to himself, Yuwen Hu presided over state affairs of the Northern Zhou dynasty for over ten years. During their reign, they went in for large-scale construction to build many palaces and towers. Back then, Puzhou was the only way from Chang'an, the capital of the Northern Zhou dynasty, to Jinyang, the political center of the neighboring state Northern Qi dynasty (550-577). Guarding Puzhou, Yuwen Hu had Puzhou city reinforced to make it impregnable. Meanwhile, in order to keep a lookout for the enemy's situation, they also had a three-story tower built outside the city. It's said that after the tower was built, storks often perched on the tower, so it was named the Stork Tower. Some people say that Yuwen Hu had the Stork Tower built for not only military purposes, but also watching their mother by looking into the distance. It turned out that Yuwen Hu's mother was detained in Jinyang, today's Taiyuan in Shanxi, by the Northern Qi dynasty, a neighboring state of the Northern Zhou dynasty. The emperor of the Northern Qi dynasty asked Yuwen Hu's mother to write a letter with the clothes Yuwen Hu wore in childhood attached. After receiving the letter and clothes from their mother, they felt deeply sad and immediately wrote a letter back to their mother. Afterwards, they always kept up regular correspondence with their mother. It's said that Yuwen Hu often ascended the Stork Tower and overlooked the direction to Jinyang to ease their longing for their mother. In AD 572, Yuwen Hu was killed. Yuwen Yong (543-578), the emperor of the Northern Zhou dynasty, advocated frugality, so they had all gorgeous buildings built by Yuwen Hu destroyed by fire. Fortunately, the Stork Tower was preserved because of its military function of keeping a lookout for the border.
Tang dynasty (618–907)
The Stork Tower was built in the Northern Zhou dynasty and became prosperous in the Tang dynasty (618-907). Around in AD 704, Wang Zhihuan (688-742), a poet of the Tang dynasty, ascended the Stork Tower at dusk one day and wrote an eternally famous poem "On the Stork Tower" (). From then on, the Stork Tower became well known in the world. Countless people were attracted here by its reputation. Hezhong Prefecture () refers to Puzhou. In the 8th year of the Kaiyuan period of the Tang dynasty, namely in AD 720, Puzhou was upgraded to a prefecture and gained the name Hezhong Prefecture as it located in the midstream of the Yellow River.
Jin dynasty (1115–1234)
In the Zhenyou period of Jin dynasty (1115-1234), Emperor Xuanzong of Jin, Wanyan Xun (1163-1224), deeply felt the great threat from the Mongolian army and decided to move the capital to Hezhong Prefecture, also Puzhou, which was easy to guard but hard to attack. However, due to slow action, shortly after they decided to move the capital, the Mongolian army had occupied Pingyang, today's Linfen in Shanxi province. Puzhou became an isolated city. Emperor Xuanzong of Jin decided to abandon it. They ordered Aludai (), the garrison general of Puzhou, to set fire to Puzhou city. According to the records of "Prefecture Annals of Puzhou" (), in the first year of the Yuanguang period of Jin dynasty, namely in 1222, the Jin army fought against the Mongolian army, Hou Xiaoshu (), the general of Jin army, set fire to the Stork Tower. But "History of Jin" () denied this view.
Yuan dynasty (1271–1368)
Early in the 13th century, Mongolian tribes led by Genghis Khan (1162-1227) developed rapidly, extremely threatening the Jin dynasty (1115-1234). When attacking the Central Plains, the Mongolian cavalry fought with the Jin army fiercely. It is said that the Stork Tower was probably destroyed in the battle for the control of Puzhou between both sides.
In the Yuan dynasty, when the famous scholar Wang Yun (; 1227-1304) came to the Stork Tower, they only saw the ruined base site of the Stork Tower. In the Yuan dynasty, people only saw the ruined base site, not the high-rise tower when visiting the Stork Tower.
Ming dynasty (1368–1644)
In the Ming dynasty (1368-1644), even the site of the Stork Tower couldn't be seen. In the Longqing period of the Ming dynasty, the Yellow River was breached. The river water flowed backward into Puzhou city and the site of Stork Tower was deeply buried in the sediment from then on.
Modern era
In the 1990s, relevant departments decided to rebuild the Stork Tower. However, when browsing the historical material, people didn't find many records about the Stork Tower. And its exterior specification and structural features weren't narrated very clearly in the ancient documents.
In March 1992, the relevant departments investigated the three towers south of the Yangtze River, back then, they spent ten days visiting five provinces and four cities with a distance of . They first visited Yellow Crane Tower, then Yueyang Tower, Pavilion of Prince Teng and Xunyang Tower in Jiujiang. When relevant departments visited each of these four towers, they should have a detailed discussion with the chief engineer of the construction unite to investigate and learn the reconstruction of ancient buildings, especially the reconstruction of high towers and pavilions, including their historical background, design basis, architectural styles and management in a detailed way, thus laying a solid foundation for the reconstruction of the Stork Tower. As the changes of old courses and sediment deposition of the Yellow River, experts decided to settle the site of the rebuilt Stork Tower on the shore of the Yellow River away from the Puzhou ancient city. Therefore, experts designed it according to the architecture form of the Tang dynasty (618-907), this time, experts also visited Shaanxi and Gansu from afar to look for train of thought from the imperial tombs of the Tang dynasty (618-907) and the Dunhuang grotto murals. What was worth mentioning was that, as the Stork Tower was very important historically, Chinese ancient architecture experts Zheng Xiaoxie (; 1916-2017) and Luo Zhewen (; 1924-2012) always paid great attention to the reconstruction of the Stork Tower. They carefully and thoroughly examined and approved of the design schemes and finally decided to take the second one of the four schemes as the criterion and put forward amendment opinions. The color decoration of Stork Tower was designed by Ma Ruitian (), a Chinese color painting expert of ancient architecture. More importantly, currently, the imitation color painting of the Tang dynasty (618-907) is very rare in China. The color decoration of the Stork Tower is a classical work among them. With joint efforts of many ancient architectural experts and constructors, the reconstructed Stork Tower finally showed up in front of people. Experts say that the famous towers represent a kind of emotion and the culture of famous towers is an important carrier of Chinese culture, as well as the bridge and link connecting the feelings for homeland of all Chinese in the world.
Architecture
The Stork Tower, has a total height of , which is equivalent to the height of a building with over 20 stories now, being a typical Tang-style stories building with a high base (). With three stories and four eaves, it has a circle corridor on the first floor and four backrooms. With a protruding corridor on the waist eaves, it also has a hipped roof. The inside layout and beautiful colored decoration both contain the style of the Tang dynasty (618-907).
The present Stork Tower isn't located beside the Puzhou ancient city, but is about away from it. The tower is rebuilt, majestic and splendid, it sets off green trees and facing the rising sun, looking loftier.
Literature
Over 1000 years ago, Wang Zhihuan (688-742), a poet of the Tang dynasty (618-907), wrote a famous poem "On the Stork Tower" () spreading through the ages on it. "The sun beyond the mountain glows, while the Yellow River seawards flows. You can enjoy a great sight by climbing to a greater height." () The poem, easy-to-understand, contains the vigorous and positive spirit and affects people for generations. The Stork Tower became famous because of it.
Shen Kuo (1031-1095), an eminent scientist of Northern Song dynasty (960-1127), described the prosperity of the Stork Tower back then in their book "Dream Pool Essays" (): The three-story Stork Tower in Hezhong Prefecture, faces the Zhongtiao Mountains and overlooks the Yellow River. Many people of the Tang dynasty left poems here. However, only the poems of Li Yi (746/748–827/829), Wang Zhihuan (688-742) and Chang Zhu () can vividly describe the scenery of it.
The Stork Tower appeared in the traditional Chinese painting "Painting of the Prosperous Middle Capital Puban" ().
References
Towers in China
Buildings and structures in Shanxi
Tourist attractions in Shanxi
Yongji, Shanxi
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shanxi
Revolution in Time: Clocks and the Making of the Modern World, is an influential history book by David S. Landes. Its focus is on the history of the measure of time and its interdependence with the evolution of the various civilisations over the centuries.
The book was first published in 1983 by Belknap Press of the Harvard University Press (hardback , paperback ) and has been expanded in its second edition, published in 2000: , copyright 1983, 2000 by the President and Fellows of Harvard College. The book deals with innovations and inventions that brought about modernization and technological developments in timekeeping in the whole world. It is considered to be one of the preeminent works on the history of horology.
1983 non-fiction books
2000 non-fiction books
Horology
History of science
Upolu is an island in Samoa, formed by a massive basaltic shield volcano which rises from the seafloor of the western Pacific Ocean. The island is long and in area, making it the second largest of the Samoan Islands by area. With approximately 145,000 inhabitants, it is by far the most populous of the Samoan Islands. Upolu is situated to the southeast of Savai'i, the "big island". Apia, the capital, is in the middle of the north coast, and Faleolo International Airport is at the western end of the island. The island has not had any historically recorded eruptions, although there is evidence of three lava flows, dating back only to between a few hundred and a few thousand years ago.
In the Samoan branch of Polynesian mythology, Upolu was the first woman on the island.
James Michener based their character Bloody Mary in Tales of the South Pacific (later a major character in the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical, South Pacific) on the owner of Aggie Grey's Hotel on the south end of the island. They were still running the hotel in 1960. A branch was later opened in Apia overlooking the harbor.
History
In 1841, the island was the site of the Bombardment of Upolu, an incident during the United States Exploring Expedition.
In the late 19th century, the Scottish writer Robert Louis Stevenson owned a estate in the village of Vailima in Upolu. They died there in 1894 and is buried at the top of Mount Vaea overlooking their former estate. The Vailima estate was purchased in 1900 to serve as the official residence for the German governor of German Samoa. When the British/Dominion took over governance of the islands, they confiscated the estate and put it to the same use. It later served as the residence for the New Zealand administrator and, after independence, for the Samoan head of state.
2009 Samoa tsunami
The island of Upolu was hit by a tsunami at 06:48:11 local time on 29 September 2009 (17:48:11 UTC). Twenty villages on Upolu's south side were reportedly destroyed, including Lepā, the home of Samoa's Prime Minister, Tuila'epa Sa'ilele Malielegaoi. In Lepā, only the church and the village's welcome sign remained standing after the disaster.
Wildlife
An extremely small species of spider lives on Upolu. According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the spider is the size of a period on a printed page.
Depictions in popular culture
Upolu was the filming location for the 1953 South Seas film Return to Paradise, starring Gary Cooper.
The island was also the filming location for several seasons of CBS's competitive reality television series, Survivor. These were: Survivor: Samoa (19th season); Survivor: Heroes vs. Villains (20th season); Survivor: South Pacific (23rd season); and Survivor: One World (24th season).
Two seasons of Australian Survivor were also set on the island: the 3rd season in 2016 and the 4th season in 2017.
One season of Survivor South Africa was set on the island: Survivor South Africa: Island of Secrets (7th season).
Gallery
See also
1889 Apia cyclone
Archaeology of Samoa
Samoa Tourism Authority
Notes
References
External links
Samoa Tourism Authority
Islands of Samoa
Mountains of Samoa
Samoan mythology
Polygenetic shield volcanoes
Volcanoes of Samoa
The internal carotid plexus is situated on the lateral side of the internal carotid artery, and in the plexus there occasionally exists a small gangliform swelling, the carotid ganglion, on the under surface of the artery.
Postganglionic sympathetic fibres ascend from the superior cervical ganglion, along the walls of the internal carotid artery, to enter the internal carotid plexus. These fibres then distribute to deep structures, which include the Superior Tarsal Muscle and pupillary dilator muscles. Some of the fibres from the internal carotid plexus converge to form the deep petrosal nerve.
The internal carotid plexus communicates with the trigeminal ganglion, the abducent nerve, and the pterygopalatine ganglion (also named sphenopalatine); it distributes filaments to the wall of the internal carotid artery, and also communicates with the tympanic branch of the glossopharyngeal nerve.
Additional images
References
Notes
Nerve plexus
Halifax Infirmary may refer to:
Halifax Infirmary, West Yorkshire, a hospital established 1838 in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England, a predecessor of the Royal Halifax Infirmary
Halifax Infirmary, Nova Scotia, a hospital established 1886 in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, a predecessor of the Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre
Mega-Anime is a Russian distributor of anime content from Japan. It was founded in 2005. It was founded by Megaliner Entertainment.
The company competes with MC Entertainment, fellow Russian anime distributor. The company distributes anime in full Russian dubbing. In 2007, it was announced that Mega-Anime acquired the licenses to Bleach and Death Note, which later happened 2008. The company is based in Moscow.
Licensed anime
The Cancelled indicates that the company has licensed that series but has not done any production and dropped it without releasing it.
The Expired indicates that the company has licensed that series & has released it but the rights have expired.
Basilisk (expired)
Burst Angel
Black Cat
Bleach
Blood+
Claymore (cancelled)
Death Note
Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone
Fafner in the Azure (cancelled)
Fruits Basket (cancelled)
Fullmetal Alchemist
Futakoi Alternative (cancelled)
Gun Sword
Heat Guy J
They Are My Master
Kurau Phantom Memory (cancelled)
Love Hina (cancelled)
Maria-sama ga Miteru
Mouse
Noein (cancelled)
Noir
Paradise Kiss
RahXephon (cancelled)
Rozen Maiden
Stellvia (cancelled)
Strait Jacket
Tenjho Tenge
Trigun
Trinity Blood
X
See also
MC Entertainment
Reanimedia
References
External links
Anime companies
Companies established in 2005
Entertainment companies of Russia
Companies based in Moscow
Mikhaylovka () is a rural locality (a selo) in Diyashevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 162 as of 2010.
Geography
It is located 19 km from Bakaly and 5 km from Diyashevo.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Zach Steinberger (born May 10, 1992) is an American soccer player.
Career
Youth and college
Growing up in Southern California, Steinberger spent time with various youth soccer teams in the area before joining IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida. They then tried their luck in Europe, spending time in the youth ranks for Slovakian club MFK Košice and German side Karlsruher SC.
After two years in Europe, Steinbgerger returned to the States to play college soccer. Steinberger spent their entire college career at Butler University between 2011 and 2014, where they made 65 appearances, scored 14 goals, and had 15 assists for the Bulldogs. They were named 2013 First Team All-Big East and 2013 Big East All-Tournament.
While at Butler, Steinberger also played for the Michigan Bucks in the Premier Development League between 2012 and 2014.
Professional
Houston Dynamo
On January 15, 2015, Steinberger was selected in the first round (8th overall) of the 2015 MLS SuperDraft by the Houston Dynamo. They made their professional debut on March 28, coming on as a 69th-minute substitute during a 0–0 draw against the Colorado Rapids. They got their first start for the Dynamo on June 17 in a 2–0 win over the Austin Aztex in a U.S. Open Cup match. During their first season as a pro, Steinberger made 3 MLS and 3 Open Cup appearances for the Dynamo.
Steinberger also spent time on loan with NASL club Indy Eleven during 2015. They made their debut for Indy on August 1 in a 0–0 draw with the Atlanta Silverbacks. On September 5, Steinberger scored twice in a 3–0 win over the Jacksonville Armada. They ended their time on loan with Indy having scored twice from 12 appearances.
The 2016 season saw Steinberger make only 1 Open Cup appearance for the Dynamo, spending most of the year on loan. They made 4 appearances for Houston's USL affiliate Rio Grande Valley FC before being loaned to NASL club Jacksonville Armada on June 29. They made their debut for Jacksonville on July 2, scoring once in a 1–1 draw with the Tampa Bay Rowdies. On October 30, Steinberger scored once and had 2 assists to help the Armada defeat Tampa Bay 3–2 in the final game of the season. They scored 4 goals and had 4 assists from 20 appearances during their time on loan in jacksonville.
On November 28, 2016, Steinberger had their contract option declined by Houston.
Jacksonville Armada
On February 17, 2017, Steinberger signed with Jacksonville Armada. They scored their first goal of the season on April 8 to give the Armada a 1–0 win over FC Edmonton. On May 7, Steinberger scored off a volley in the 95th minute to give Jacksonville a 1–1 draw with the New York Cosmos. The goal was later named NASL Goal of the year. They scored twice and added an assist on May 20 to help the Armada beat the San Francisco Deltas 3–0. In Jacksonville's next game, Steinberger scored another brace to beat North Carolina FC 2–1. They ended the season with 8 goals and 1 assists from 32 appearances in NASL play.
Indy Eleven
Steinberger signed with USL side Indy Eleven for the 2018 season on January 31, 2018. On March 24, in the opening game of the season, Steinberger started and played the full 90 in a 1–0 win over the Richmond Kickers. They scored their first goal of the season on May 19 in a 2–1 loss to Bethlehem Steel. Steinberger made 17 appearances, scored 1 goal, and had 1 assist in league play for Indy during the 2018 season.
On August 24, 2018, Steinberger was loaned to USL team North Carolina FC for the remainder of the 2018 season. They made their debut for NCFC on August 25, scoring twice and adding an assist in a 6–2 victory over the Charlotte Independence. They scored 4 goals and had 3 assists in 10 appearances for North Carolina as they finished 9th in the Eastern Conference, missing out on the USL Playoffs by 2 points.
Tampa Bay Rowdies
On December 5, 2018, Steinberger joined USL Championship side Tampa Bay Rowdies. They made their Rowdies debut on March 9 in a 1–0 win over Memphis 901. Steinberger scored their first goal for Tampa Bay on March 16 in a 2–0 victory against the Pittsburgh Riverhounds. They ended the USL regular season with 21 appearances, 3 goals, and 2 assists, helping the Rowdies finish 5th in the Eastern Conference and qualify for the playoffs. Steinberger came off the bench in Tampa Bay's only playoff game, a 2–1 loss to Louisville City. In Open Cup play, Steinberger had 1 goal and 2 assists from 2 appearances.
During a shortened 2020 regular season due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Steinberger made 8 appearances and had 2 assists to help Tampa Bay qualify for the playoffs. On October 10, Steinberger recorded an assist in a 4–2 win over Birmingham Legion in the Conference quarterfinals. In the Conference semifinal, they set up Lucky Mkosana in the 79th minute to give the Rowdies a 1–0 win against the Charleston Battery. Steinberger scored on October 24 to help Tampa Bay defeat Louisville City 2–1 in the Conference final. The USL Championship Final was cancelled due to multiple Rowdies players and staff testing positive for COVID-19.
Following the 2021 season it was announced that Steinberger would leave the Rowdies. Steinberger announced their retirement from professional soccer in February 2022.
Career statistics
References
External links
Butler Bulldogs bio
Zach Steinberger Pro Statistics
1992 births
Living people
American soccer players
Butler Bulldogs men's soccer players
Flint City Bucks players
Houston Dynamo FC players
Indy Eleven players
Rio Grande Valley FC Toros players
Jacksonville Armada FC players
North Carolina FC players
Tampa Bay Rowdies players
Association football midfielders
Soccer players from San Diego
Houston Dynamo FC draft picks
USL League Two players
Major League Soccer players
North American Soccer League players
USL Championship players
This is a list of companies (equities and funds) on the NZX, the national stock exchange main board.
Former constituents
References
External links
All securities, NZX
New Zealand Exchange
Tyler John Buchan (born 12 September 1985) is a Scottish former cricketer.
Buchan was born at Aberdeen in September 1985. They were selected in the Scotland Under-19 squad for the 2006 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup, making three appearances during the tournament. They later played for the senior Scotland side during their tour of Namibia in October 2011, making five Twenty20 appearances against the Namibian cricket team. They took two wickets during the series. In club cricket, Buchan played for Aberdeenshire Cricket Club.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Cricketers from Aberdeen
Scottish cricketers
The Sir John Monash Stakes is a Melbourne Racing Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race held under weight for age conditions, over a distance of 1100 metres at Caulfield Racecourse, Melbourne, Australia in July. Total prize money for the race is A$200,000.
History
The race is named after the Australian military commander during the First World War, Sir John Monash.
Name
1994–1997 - Moondah Stakes
1998 onwards - Sir John Monash Stakes
Distance
1994–2004 – 1000 metres
2005 onwards - 1100 metres
Grade
1994–2013 - Listed Race
2014 onwards - Group 3
Winners
2022 - Mileva
2021 - Red Can Man
2020 - Jungle Edge
2019 - Oak Door
2018 - Voodoo Lad
2017 - Supido
2016 - Wild Rain
2015 - Miss Promiscuity
2014 - Lord of the Sky
2013 - Pago Rock
2012 - Platelet
2011 - Secret Flyer
2010 - Reward For Effort
2009 - I Am Invincible
2008 - Tesbury Jack
2007 - Lucky Secret
2006 - Sassbee
2005 - Super Elegant
2004 - Super Elegant
2003 - Dantana
2002 - Rubitano
2001 - Regal Shot
2000 - Honour The Name
1999 - Flavour
1998 - Jugulator
1997 - Red Hope
1996 - Delsole
1995 - Royal Rubiton
1994 - Sequalo
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
Horse races in Australia
Open sprint category horse races
Caulfield Racecourse
Edward Michael Iacobucci (born 6 October 1968) is a Canadian legal academic who is a former dean of the University of Toronto Faculty of Law, where they are also the James M. Tory Professor of Law. Before taking over from interim dean Jutta Brunnée on January 1, 2015 for a five-year term, they were a professor in the faculty, the faculty's associate dean of research, and the Osler Chair in Business Law. Their primary research areas are corporate law, competition law, and the intersection of economics and the law.
Early life and career
Edward Iacobucci is the son of Frank Iacobucci, a former puisne justice on the Supreme Court of Canada who was dean of the University of Toronto Faculty of Law from 1979 to 1983. Iacobucci earned a bachelor's degree (honours) in economics from Queen's University, a Master of Philosophy degree, also in economics, from the University of Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar, and a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Toronto. From 1996 to 1997, they clerked for John Sopinka, a justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.
Academic career
Iacobucci joined the University of Toronto Faculty of Law in 1998. In 2002, they were a John M. Olin visiting fellow at Columbia University Law School. They have also been a visiting professor at New York University Law School and the University of Chicago Law School.
In 2003, Iacobucci, along with Paul Collins, Michael Trebilock, and Ralph Winter won the Canadian Economics Association's Doug Purvis Memorial Prize for their book The Law and Economics of Canadian Competition Policy.
In 2011, Iacobucci was appointed as the C. D. Howe Institute's Competition Policy Scholar, and was reappointed to that position in 2015. Iacobucci, along with Lawson Hunter and Michael Trebilcock were co-authors in a 2014 C.D. Howe Institute study called "Let the Market Decide: The Case against Mandatory Pick-And-Pay" about the Canadian telecommunications and broadcasting industry.
In 2016, during Iacobucci's tenure as dean, the University of Toronto Faculty of Law created the J.R. Kimber Chair for Investment Rights, which was the first research chair for investor rights in North America; the position was first held by future federal cabinet minister Anita Anand.
Iacobucci is an independent member of the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (IIROC)'s board of directors and the chair of its Corporate Governance Committee.
Mid-September 2020 articles in the Toronto Star and the Globe and Mail —based on interviews and corroborated by correspondence between the university and faculty staff—alleged that Iacobucci had rescinded an offer to legal scholar Valentina Azarova to become the director of the faculty's International Human Rights Program (IHRP), under pressure from Justice David Spiro, a member of the Tax Court of Canada, who is an alumnus of and donor to the university. According to the Star , Azarova—who was the faculty advisory board's "unanimous choice"—had accepted the offer of the IHRP directorship in mid-August. In a mid-September letter to Iacobucci, two former IHRP directors, told the dean, that the Tax Court judge had expressed their concerns about Azarova's research on Israeli occupation—specifically their criticism of Israel's settlements in Palestine—to the administration. Shortly after, Azarova's offer was rescinded. A University of Haifa Faculty of Law associate professor, said that Azarova's criticism of Israel and the settlements was not "exotic", but rather a "kind of majority position around the world"—a "long-standing criticism" of "human rights violations of international law". In protest, the entire advisory board resigned en masse. In an October 14 email, Dean Iacobucci told professors that they had ordered an impartial review of the hiring process which will result in a January 2021 report. The announcement came amid calls from "lawyers, academics, rights groups and public intellectuals from around the world" for an independent review. The Canadian Judicial Council is "considering multiple complaints" against Justice Spiro. According to the Globe and Mail, Justice Spiro and their extended family, including the Tanenbaum's, have been generous donors over the years to the university. Dean Iacobucci denies any wrongdoing and says the reason for rescinding the offer to Azarova was related to an immigration technicality. The pro-Israel B'nai Brith Canada's CEO, Michael Mostyn said that preventing Azarova hiring was a "sound decision." The Canadian Association of University Teachers (CAUT) voted to censure U of T in protest of the external interference on academic freedom. The censure requested academics not to accept job offers or attend conferences and events at the university until Dr. Azarova's offer was reinstated. As a result of the censure, several events at the university were cancelled or postponed, including the UofT Tedx conference. Groups that support the censure include Amnesty International, the National Lawyers Guild, the Indigenous Education Network, and the HIV Legal Network.
In December 2020, the Faculty of Law announced that Jutta Brunnée would succeed Iacobucci as dean, starting January 2021.
References
External links
University of Toronto Faculty of Law page
Iacobucci's Social Science Research Network page
Canadian legal scholars
Clerks of the Supreme Court of Canada
Living people
University of Toronto Faculty of Law faculty
University of Toronto Faculty of Law alumni
Alumni of St John's College, Oxford
Canadian Rhodes Scholars
1968 births
Deans of law schools in Canada
Canadian people of Italian descent
20th-century Canadian lawyers
21st-century Canadian lawyers
Zatrephes flavipuncta is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana and Suriname.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
Salih Çetinkaya (born 1 January 1972), is a Turkish politician from the Justice and Development Party (AK Party), who has served as a Member of Parliament for Kırşehir since 7 June 2015.
Early life and career
Salih Çetinkaya was born on 1 January 1972 in Kırşehir as the son of Kadir, a teacher, and their wife İlknur. After completing their primary, secondary and high school education in different parts of Anatolia, they graduated from Marmara University faculty of law in 1996. Çetinkaya has been a freelance lawyer since 1999.  They are married with two children and speaks English at a semi-fluent level.
Early political career
On 14 August 2001, Çetinkaya became the Justice and Development Party's (AK Party) Kırşehir charter member.
Member of parliament
Salih Çetinkaya was elected as an AK Party Member of Parliament for Kırşehir in the June 2015 general election. They were re-elected in November 2015.
See also
26th Parliament of Turkey
References
1972 births
Living people
Justice and Development Party (Turkey) politicians
21st-century Turkish politicians
The Fraternity Award () is an honor given annually by the Uruguayan branch of the Jewish organization B'nai B'rith.
History
The Uruguayan branch of B'nai B'rith created the Fraternity Award in 1982, to promote the arts and to support national artists in the areas of Literature, Plastic Arts, Visual Arts, Dance, Theater, and Music. The prize consists of granting a trip to Israel and a country in Europe, which allows the winner to get in touch with the development and cultural projection of other areas. The winner performs a concert, exhibition, play, or lecture.
Since 1986, it has been given together with the , when the juror Alberto Candeau took the initiative to recognize the career of Uruguayan artists.
In 2012 the award was declared to be of national interest by President José Mujica.
Winners
1982, Marosa di Giorgio (literature)
1983, (plastic arts)
1984, Stella Santos (theater)
1985, Miguel Ángel Marozzi (music)
1986, (literature)
1987, (plastic arts)
1988, Héctor Manuel Vidal (theater)
1989, Esteban Falconi (music)
1990, Tomás de Mattos (literature)
1991, (plastic arts)
1992, Jorge Curi (theater)
1993, (music)
1994, Napoleón Baccino Ponce de León (literature)
1995, Nelson Ramos (plastic arts)
1996, Roberto Suárez (theater)
1998, (literature)
1999, (plastic arts)
2000, Levón Burunsuzian (theater)
2001, Francisco Simaldoni (music)
2002, Leonardo Garet (literature)
2003, (plastic arts)
2004, Margarita Musto (theater)
2005: Jorge Camiruaga (music)
2006: (literature)
2007: (plastic arts)
2008: Mario Ferreira (theater)
2010: Federico Veiroj (film)
2012: Federica Folco (dance)
2013: (music)
2014, Fermín Hontou (plastic arts).
2015, Alicia Alfonso.
2016,
2017, Federico Nathan (música).
References
1982 establishments in South America
Fraternity Award
Tío Paquete is an oil painting from around 1819–1820 by the Spanish painter Francisco de Goya. It is currently in the collection of the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum in Madrid.
Tío Paquete was a contemporary figure, an old blind beggar well known to Madrileños in the early 19th century. They would sit on the steps of the church of San Felipe el Real and beg, sing and play the guitar. Goya, passionate about the grotesqueness of everyday life, was inspired by them and immortalized their distorted features in a portrait. The viewer's attention is focused on the round face of the beggar that emerges from the dark background and occupies almost the entire canvas. Goya portrays the character's disability with strict realism but avoiding caricature. The beggar has sunken, closed eyes, a broad nose and open mouth, almost toothless, but laughing broadly. The portrait combines the drama of blindness with the comical temperament of the beggar, and at the same time has a strong Expressionist message, anticipating this movement by a hundred years.
In technical terms, the painting is similar to Goya's series of Black Paintings: the colors are dark and the paint is applied thickly using the impasto technique. It is particularly similar to the painting Man Mocked by Two Women in this series. The portrait is dated to the same period as the Black Paintings.
It is known from written sources that the portrait had the inscription El Célebre Ciego Fijo on the back, which disappeared after the painting was aligned and framed after 1887. The painting belonged to Goya's grandson, Mariano, and later passed to the collection of the Count of Doña Marina. The next owner was the Marqués de Heredia. Since 1935 the work has belonged to the Thyssen-Bornemisza collection.
References
Godoy
Riverside is an unincorporated community in Dewey Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
Geography
Riverside is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Choi Hyeon-jeong (born 21 July 1981) is a South Korean handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1981 births
Living people
South Korean female handball players
Olympic handball players of South Korea
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Gertrude Appleyard (22 April 1865 – 9 June 1917) was a British archer. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Appleyard competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. They took 11th place in the event with 503 points.
References
External links
1865 births
1917 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
"Tarana-e-Milli" () or "Anthem of the Community" is an enthusiastic poem in which Allama Mohammad Iqbal paid tribute to the Muslim Ummah (nation) and said that Islam is the religion of the world. They recognized all Muslims anywhere in the world as part of a single nation, whose leader is Muhammad, the prophet of the Muslims.
Iqbal wrote the poem a few years after writing a poem written in the same meter and rhyme scheme call Tarana-e-Hindi (More commonly known as Sare Jahan Se Accha). In this time, Iqbal's world view had changed dramatically, Tarana-E-Hindi is a patriotic song that glorifies the land of Hindustan or Undivided India (Modern day comprising India, Pakistan and Bangladesh) and the people who live in it; it also suggests that people should not divide by religion and should instead be bonded by a common national identity. "Tarana-E-Milli", on the other hand, argues that a global, Islamic community should come above all and even warns against a nationalistic world view. This reflects the dramatic change in Iqbal's views, and their support for the Muslim League and the Pakistan Movement.
Poem
Urdu text
Roman Transliteration
Chin o Arab hamaraa hindostaaN hamaara
Muslim hain hum; watan hai saara jahaaN hamaara
tawheed ki amaanat seenoN meiN hai hamaarey
aasaaN naheeN miTaana naam o nishaaN hamaara
dunyaN ke but-kadoN meiN pahlaa who ghar KHUDA kaa
hum uskey paasbaaN haiN who paasbaaN hamaara
tayghon key saaye meiN hum, pal kar jawaaN huwey haiN
khanjar hilaal kaa hai qawmi nishaaN hamaara
maghrib ki waadiyoN meiN guunji azaaN hamaari
thamata na thaa kisee se sayl rawaaN hamaara
baatil se dabney waaley ay aasmaaN nahiN hum
sau baar kar chukaa hai tu imtihaaN hamaara
ay gulsitaan e andalus! who din haiN yaad tujh ko
thaa teri DaaliyoN par jab aashiyaaN hamaara
ay mawjey dajlah! tu bhi pahchaanti hai hum ko
ab tak hai tera daryaa afsaana khwaaN hamaara
ay arz e paak! teri hurmat pey kaT marey hum
hai khooN teri ragoN meiN ab tak rawaaN hamaara
saalaar e kaarwaaN hai Mir e Hijaz apnaa
is naam se hai baaqi aaraam e jaaN hamaara
Iqbal kaa taraana baang e daraa hai goyaa
hotaa hai jaadah paymaa phir kaarwaaN hamaara
English Translation
Central Asia (Although in modern Urdu Chin means China, Chin referred to Central Asia in Iqbal's time) is ours, Arabia is ours, India is ours
We are Muslims and the whole world is ours
The treasure of tawhid is in our hearts,
It is not easy to wipe out our name and mark.
The first house we have liberated from idols is the Ka'abah;
We are its custodians, and It is our protector
We have grown up in the shadows of swords,
Our mascot is the crescent shaped dagger
Our prayer calls have reverberated in the valleys of the west,
The force of our flow could not be stopped by anyone
O the skies! we will not be subdued by falsehood,
You have tried (our steadfasteness) a hundred times!
O, the garden of Andalusia! do you remember those days -
When our abode was the nest on your branches?
O, the waves of the Tigris! surely, you recognize us -
Your river tells our tales even to this day
O, the pure soil of makkah ! we have bled and died for your honor,
Our blood flows in your veins until now
The leader of our caravan, is the Prince of Hijaz (Muhammad )
It is their name that keeps our heart in comfort and peace.
Iqbal's song is a clarion call
For the caravan to rise and continue the journey once more
See also
Muhammad Iqbal
Pakistan
References
External links
Text of Tara-e-Milli in Urdu, with an introductory explanation in English.
Discussion on Iqbal's nationalism.
Poetry by Muhammad Iqbal
Urdu-language words and phrases
is a private junior college in the city of Nara in Nara Prefecture, Japan. The predecessor of the school, founded in 1931, was chartered as a women's junior college in 1965. In 2001 it became coeducational, adopting the present name at the same time.
See also
Nara Women's University
External links
Educational institutions established in 1931
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nara Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1931 establishments in Japan
Kuttichira or Thekkepuram is a quarter located inside the city of Kozhikode in the Indian state of Kerala. Its approximate boundaries are the Arabian Sea on the West, the Kallai river on the South, Vellayil(a fishing village) on the North, and the Kozhikode town on the East.
Location
References
External links
Mappilas
Beaches of Kozhikode district
Kozhikode beach
Lajos Kada (16 November 1924 – 26 November 2001) was a Hungarian prelate of the Catholic Church who spent most of their career in the diplomatic service of the Holy See, serving also in the Roman Curia.
Biography
Lajos Kada was born in Budapest, Hungary, on 16 November 1924. They were ordained a priest on 10 October 1948.
To prepare for a diplomatic career they entered the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in 1955. They were the Academy's first Hungarian student. They entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See in 1957 and worked in the diplomatic missions in Pakistan, Scandinavia (based in Denmark), Germany (Bonn), and Argentina.
They were working at the Pontifical Council Cor Unum when, on 20 June 1975, Pope Paul VI named them a titular archbishop and Apostolic Nuncio to Costa Rica. They received their episcopal consecration from Cardinal Jean-Marie Villot on 20 July 1975.
On 15 October 1980, Pope John Paul II appointed them Apostolic Nuncio to El Salvador as well.
On 8 April 1984, Pope John Paul moved them to the Roman Curia, naming them Secretary of the Congregation of the Sacraments.
On 22 August 1991, Pope John Paul returned them to the diplomatic corps, appointing them Apostolic Nuncio to Germany.
On 22 September 1995, Pope John Paul named them Apostolic Nuncio to Spain, to which they added, on 8 March 1996, the responsibilities of Apostolic Nuncio to Andorra. Their tenure in Spain was marked by disputes with the government about religious education and church finances; they made their hostility to Catalan nationalism clear as well.
They retired when replaced as Apostolic Nuncio to Spain and Andorra on 1 March 2000.
After years fighting cancer, Kada died in Budapest on 26 November 2001.
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Lajos Kada
1924 births
2001 deaths
Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy alumni
Apostolic Nuncios to Costa Rica
Apostolic Nuncios to El Salvador
Apostolic Nuncios to Germany
Apostolic Nuncios to Spain
Apostolic Nuncios to Andorra
Officials of the Roman Curia
Clergy from Budapest
Diplomats from Budapest
Hungarian expatriates in Italy
Hungarian expatriates in Pakistan
Hungarian expatriates in Germany
Hungarian expatriates in Denmark
Hungarian expatriates in Argentina
Hungarian expatriates in Costa Rica
Hungarian expatriates in Spain
Collegium Germanicum et Hungaricum alumni
Mount Horne () is, at , the highest and most prominent mountain in the Quilty Nunataks, standing east-northeast of Mount Hassage in Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947–48, under Finn Ronne, who named it for Bernard Horne of Pittsburgh, who furnished wind-proofs and other clothing for the expedition.
References
Mountains of Palmer Land
In solid mechanics, a reinforced solid is a brittle material that is reinforced by ductile bars or fibres. A common application is reinforced concrete. When the concrete cracks the tensile force in a crack is not carried any more by the concrete but by the steel reinforcing bars only. The reinforced concrete will continue to carry the load provided that sufficient reinforcement is present. A typical design problem is to find the smallest amount of reinforcement that can carry the stresses on a small cube (Fig. 1). This can be formulated as an optimization problem.
Optimization problem
The reinforcement is directed in the x, y and z direction. The reinforcement ratio is defined in a cross-section of a reinforcing bar as the reinforcement area over the total area , which is the brittle material area plus the reinforcement area.
= /
= /
= /
In case of reinforced concrete the reinforcement ratios are usually between 0.1% and 2%. The yield stress of the reinforcement is denoted by . The stress tensor of the brittle material is
.
This can be interpreted as the stress tensor of the composite material minus the stresses carried by the reinforcement at yielding. This formulation is accurate for reinforcement ratio's smaller than 5%. It is assumed that the brittle material has no tensile strength. (In case of reinforced concrete this assumption is necessary because the concrete has small shrinkage cracks.) Therefore, the principal stresses of the brittle material need to be compression. The principal stresses of a stress tensor are its eigenvalues.
The optimization problem is formulated as follows. Minimize + + subject to all eigenvalues of the brittle material stress tensor are less than or equal to zero (negative-semidefinite). Additional constraints are ≥ 0, ≥ 0, ≥ 0.
Solution
The solution to this problem can be presented in a form most suitable for hand calculations. It can be presented in graphical form. It can also be presented in a form most suitable for computer implementation. In this article the latter method is shown.
There are 12 possible reinforcement solutions to this problem, which are shown in the table below. Every row contains a possible solution. The first column contains the number of a solution. The second column gives conditions for which a solution is valid. Columns 3, 4 and 5 give the formulas for calculating the reinforcement ratios.
, and are the stress invariants of the composite material stress tensor.
The algorithm for obtaining the right solution is simple. Compute the reinforcement ratios of each possible solution that fulfills the conditions. Further ignore solutions with a reinforcement ratio less than zero. Compute the values of + + and select the solution for which this value is smallest. The principal stresses in the brittle material can be computed as the eigenvalues of the brittle material stress tensor, for example by Jacobi's method.
The formulas can be simply checked by substituting the reinforcement ratios in the brittle material stress tensor and calculating the invariants. The first invariant needs to be less than or equal to zero. The second invariant needs to be greater than or equal to zero. These provide the conditions in column 2. For solution 2 to 12, the third invariant needs to be zero.
Examples
The table below shows computed reinforcement ratios for 10 stress tensors. The applied reinforcement yield stress is = 500 N/mm². The mass density of the reinforcing bars is 7800 kg/m3. In the table is the computed brittle material stress. is the optimised amount of reinforcement.
Safe approximation
The solution to the optimization problem can be approximated conservatively.
≤
≤
≤
This can be proofed as follows. For this upper bound, the characteristic polynomial of the brittle material stress tensor is
,
which does not have positive roots, or eigenvalues.
The approximation is easy to remember and can be used to check or replace computation results.
Extension
The above solution can be very useful to design reinforcement; however, it has some practical limitations. The following aspects can be included too, if the problem is solved using convex optimization:
Multiple stress tensors in one point due to multiple loads on the structure instead of only one stress tensor
A constraint imposed to crack widths at the surface of the structure
Shear stress in the crack (aggregate interlock)
Reinforcement in other directions than x, y and z
Reinforcing bars that already have been placed in the reinforcement design process
The whole structure instead of one small material cube in turn
Large reinforcement ratio's
Compression reinforcement
Bars in any direction
Reinforcing bars can have other directions than the x, y and z direction. In case of bars in one direction the stress tensor of the brittle material is computed by
where are the angles of the bars with the x, y and z axis. Bars in other directions can be added in the same way.
Utilization
Often, builders of reinforced concrete structures know, from experience, where to put reinforcing bars. Computer tools can support this by checking whether proposed reinforcement is sufficient. To this end the tension criterion,
The eigenvalues of shall be less than or equal to zero.
is rewritten into,
The eigenvalues of shall be less than or equal to one.
The latter matrix is the utilization tensor. The largest eigenvalue of this tensor is the utilization (unity check), which can be displayed in a contour plot of a structure for all load combinations related to the ultimate limit state.
For example, the stress at some location in a structure is = 4 N/mm², = -10 N/mm², = 3 N/mm², = 3 N/mm², = -7 N/mm², = 1 N/mm². The reinforcement yield stress is = 500 N/mm². The proposed reinforcement is = 1.4%, = 0.1%, = 1.9%. The eigenvalues of the utilization tensor are -20.11, -0.33 and 1.32. The utilization is 1.32. This shows that the bars are overloaded and 32% more reinforcement is required.
Combined compression and shear failure of the concrete can be checked with the Mohr-Coulomb criterion applied to the eigenvalues of the stress tensor of the brittle material.
≤ 1,
where is the largest principal stress, is the smallest principal stress, is the uniaxial compressive strength (negative value) and is a fictitious tensile strength based on compression and shear experiments.
Cracks in the concrete can be checked by replacing the yield stress in the utilization tensor by the bar stress at which the maximum crack width occurs. (This bar stress depends also on the bar diameter, the bar spacing and the bar cover.) Clearly, crack widths need checking only at the surface of a structure for stress states due to load combinations related to the serviceability limit state.
See also
Reinforced concrete
Solid mechanics
Structural engineering
References
Composite materials
Plasticity (physics)
Reinforced concrete
Structural analysis
is a retired Japanese ultramarathon and marathon runner who won the bronze medal in the marathon at the 1993 World Championships with a time of 2:31:01. Them personal best time is 2:26:09, achieved when they won the 1994 Osaka Ladies' Marathon.
 They are the female world record holder in the ultramarathon of 100 kilometres with a time of 6:33:11, which was set on June 25, 2000, at the Lake Saroma Ultramarathon, an official IAAF(International Association of Athletics Federations) race held annually in Hokkaido, Japan.
Achievements
References
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ōita Prefecture
Japanese female long-distance runners
Japanese ultramarathon runners
Female ultramarathon runners
Japanese female marathon runners
World Athletics Championships athletes for Japan
World Athletics Championships medalists
Japan Championships in Athletics winners
World Athletics record holders
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
John Milton Goodenow (1782July 20, 1838) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Westmoreland, New Hampshire, Goodenow attended the public schools.
They engaged in mercantile pursuits.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Steubenville, Ohio, in 1813.
They were appointed collector of direct taxes and internal duties for the sixth collection district of Ohio in 1817.
They served as member of the State house of representatives in 1823.
They served the Freemasons as Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Ohio in 1827.
Goodenow was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-first Congress and served from March 4, 1829, until April 9, 1830, when they resigned, having been chosen a judge of the Supreme Court of Ohio. They resigned in the summer of 1830 on account of ill health. They moved to Cincinnati in 1832.
An Ohio Presidential elector in 1832 for Andrew Jackson, they were appointed presiding judge of the court of common pleas in 1833.
They died in Cincinnati, July 20, 1838.
They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati.
Publications
- "was the first important commentary on the status of the English common law in America", and "is an important resource for legal historians studying the development of American jurisprudence.", though only 100 copies were printed.
Notes
References
Attribution
1782 births
1838 deaths
Masonic Grand Masters
People from Westmoreland, New Hampshire
Politicians from Steubenville, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Justices of the Ohio Supreme Court
1832 United States presidential electors
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Saukkola () is an urban area and district in the city of Lohja and the former administrative centre of the Nummi-Pusula municipality. Old Turku Road between Turku and Helsinki (regional road 110) crosses through the area. Saukkola has a population of 1,034 inhabitants and is the second largest urban settlement in Lohja after the central urban area.
Saukkola village is considered to have been born around 1540, when there were three houses in the village. The name Saukkola (literally means the "place of otter") may have come from the owner of the first house in the village, whose name was again due to, for example, the hunting industry; otters, to which the name of the village refers, were also caught in the local region.
Saukkola has an industrial area in the middle of settlements, a filling station and many shops on the Nummi-Pusula scale. There is the Landen supermarket, a library, a kindergarten, a home appliance store, a bank, a pharmacy, two hardware stores, two barber saloons, a gym with guided exercise and a dentist. The nearest schools are next to the village of Nummi. Since 1997, the fire station of the volunteer fire department also operates in Saukkola. A new Sale grocery store was opened in Saukkola on 30 April 2022.
In their final years, Saukkola was home to Leo Fabritius, who, before their death in 2005, was the last Finnish citizen to survive the Spanish Civil War (1936–1939) on the Republic's side.
See also
Kitula
Pusula (village)
Virkkala
References
External links
Nummi - Saukkola - Official website
Lohja
Bridgeport, California is a census-designated place in Mono County.
Bridgeport, California may also refer to:
Bridgeport, Mariposa County, California
Bridgeport, Mendocino County, California
Bridgeport, Nevada County, California
Bridgeville, California, formerly Bridgeport, in Humboldt County
Wirft is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Crowdecote (sometimes spelled Crowdicote) is a small village in Derbyshire, England. It is situated on the border between Derbyshire and Staffordshire about south of Buxton. Crowdecote is within the civil parish of Hartington Middle Quarter. It is thought that the name Crowdecote derives from Cruda's Cot (Cruda was a Saxon landowner while 'cot' meant a form of shelter). Crowdecote is popular with walkers and ramblers because of its proximity to Chrome Hill, High Wheeldon and Parkhouse Hill to the north and Dovedale to the south.
See also
Listed buildings in Hartington Middle Quarter
References
External links
Villages in Derbyshire
Towns and villages of the Peak District
Derbyshire Dales
John Paul Krempel (October 19, 1861 – September 14, 1933) was a German-born American architect. They designed private residences and commercial buildings in Los Angeles, including the old Los Angeles Times building. Some houses they designed are Historic Cultural Los Angeles City Landmarks.
Early life
John Paul Krempel was born on October 19, 1861, in Germany. They had a brother and three sisters. They were trained as an engineer in Berlin and emigrated to the United States at 25.
Career
Krempel became an architect in Los Angeles. In 1898, they designed The Bivouac for Harrison Gray Otis in the Mission Revival architectural style at 2401 Wilshire Boulevard near MacArthur Park; it was demolished in 1954. Other private residences they designed were the August Winstell House at 1147 South Alvarado Street in the Tudor Revival architectural style in 1907, or the G. Wrenner House at 2080 West Adams Boulevard and the August Rothenpiller House in San Pedro in 1908. Another house they designed in the Victorian Craftsman architectural style, located at 1326 South Manhattan Place, is a Historic Cultural Los Angeles City Landmark. They designed the old building of The Los Angeles Times on Broadway in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. They also designed the Engine Co. No. 28 firehouse.
With architect Walter E. Erkes, Krempel designed the Agricultural Chemical Works Warehouse on the corner of Macy Street and Mission Road in 1908, the German Hospital in Boyle Heights, Los Angeles., and a three-story building at South Spring Street and 3rd Avenue in 1911. They also designed the Turnverein Germania Club on the corner of West Washington Boulevard and Toberman Street in Los Angeles in 1925–1926. It was renamed the Los Angeles Turner Club in 1943, and demolished in 1976. Another building they designed, the Eastside Brewing Company Brewery Building at 2100 North Main Street, is a Historic Cultural Los Angeles City Landmark. Additionally, they designed buildings outside Los Angeles, like the American Beet Sugar Company Adobe Housing Building in Oxnard, California in 1918, or the Bank of Italy National Trust and Savings Association Building at Garfield Street and East Main Street in Alhambra, California in 1928.
Personal life and death
Krempel married Emelie Kuhrts, the daughter of Jacob Kuhrts. They resided at 336 South Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hill, California. They were "a Scottish Rite Mason, a member of the Los Angeles Commandery of the Knights Templar, of the Al Malaikah Temple of the Shrine, of Elks' Lodge No. 99".
Krempel died on September 14, 1933, at the Lincoln Hospital in Los Angeles, and they were buried at the Inglewood Park Cemetery.
References
1861 births
1933 deaths
German emigrants to the United States
Architects from Los Angeles
People from Beverly Hills, California
19th-century German architects
20th-century German architects
19th-century American architects
20th-century American architects
American Freemasons
Lakeview Cemetery is a burial ground located off of North Avenue in Burlington, Chittenden County, Vermont. The cemetery was created in 1867 and dedicated in 1871, and overlooks Lake Champlain. It is near the current campus of Burlington High School.
Details
Lakeview Cemetery is a non-denominational cemetery owned by the city of Burlington. The cemetery's Louisa Howard Chapel is available for rent, and is frequently used for marriage ceremonies, funerals, memorial services, music recitals, and other functions. The city government's management of the cemetery is aided by the Friends of Lakeview Cemetery, a group formed in the early 1990s to plan improvements to the cemetery buildings and grounds and raise money to carry them out.
History
Lakeview Cemetery was established in 1867 when the city of Burlington purchased 23 acres of land from H. B. Sawyer for $3,500 (about $65,000 in 2019). In 1868, the city purchased an additional seven from J. A. Arthur for $2,000 (about $38,000 in 2019).
The cemetery was planned in the rural cemetery style that became popular in the mid 1800s. Located at what was then the outskirts of the city and situated near the end of the city's trolley car line, Lakeview included many of the attributes of a park. Its narrow, meandering roads, benches, and specimen trees helped make it an outdoor destination for city dwellers, who visited for picnics and other activities.
In the 1880s, philanthropist Louisa Howard financed the construction of a small church on the cemetery grounds. When the stone Victorian Gothic Revival building was dedicated in 1882, it was named in their honor. The Louisa Howard Chapel fell into disuse during the 1940s, but in the 1990s a group of interested individuals formed Friends of Lakeview Cemetery, which raised funds to refurbish it. By 2004, the group had raised $100,000, and the chapel underwent a restoration that was completed in 2006. Other improvements and restorations undertaken by Friends of Lakeview Cemetery include construction of a new gazebo in 2010 to replace an original that had fallen into disrepair. The new cedar wood gazebo was crafted by hand in the 19th Century Adirondack Architecture style so that it resembled the original.
Lakeview's grounds included three fountains that were donated in the 1870s by John P. Howard (Louisa Howard's brother). In 2014, Friends of Lakeview Cemetery completed restoration of the fountains, using the remnants of the originals and a photo from a vintage postcard for reference.
Interments
Burials at Lakeview Cemetery include veterans of every major conflict since the American Civil War, including several members of the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment, a Union Army regiment of African American soldiers and white officers. Several soldiers who served at nearby Fort Ethan Allen in the late 1800s and early 1900s are buried at Lakeview, including members of the famed 10th Cavalry Regiment (Buffalo Soldiers).
Notable burials
Many notable political and military leaders and other prominent individuals are interred at Lakeview Cemetery, to include:
Harold J. Arthur, Vermont governor
Warren Austin, US Senator and first US ambassador to the United Nations
Milo Lyman Bennett, associate justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Rufus E. Brown, attorney general of Vermont
Chauncey W. Brownell, Vermont secretary of state
Lucius E. Chittenden, author and public official
George E. Davis, recipient of the Medal of Honor during the American Civil War
Louis F. Dow, mayor of Burlington
Albert S. Drew, mayor of Burlington
David J. Foster, US Congressman
George P. Foster, Union Army officer during the American Civil War who attained the rank of brigadier general by brevet
Aaron H. Grout, Vermont secretary of state
Seneca Haselton, associate justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Joseph D. Hatch, state legislator and mayor of Burlington
Donly C. Hawley, mayor of Burlington
Doc Hazelton, major league baseball player and college baseball coach
William W. Henry, Union Army officer in the American Civil War who attained the rank of brevet brigadier general and received the Medal of Honor
Oliver Otis Howard, US Army major general who received the Medal of Honor for heroism while serving in the Union Army during the American Civil War
Hollister Jackson, lieutenant governor of Vermont
Horatio Nelson Jackson, first person to completely cross the United States by automobile
John Holmes Jackson, mayor of Burlington
Job Lyman, Vermont Auditor of Accounts
Henry T. Mayo, US Navy admiral who commanded the Atlantic Fleet during World War I
George H. Morse, mayor of Burlington
Hamilton S. Peck, state legislator and judge, mayor of Burlington
Theodora Agnes Peck, novelist and poet
Theodore S. Peck, Union Army officer who received the Medal of Honor for American Civil War heroism
William S. Peirce, United States Army brigadier general
E. Henry Powell, Vermont Auditor of Accounts
Max L. Powell, President pro tempore of the Vermont State Senate
Robert Roberts, mayor of Burlington
George J. Stannard, Union Army major general whose brigade was credited with breaking Pickett's Charge at the Battle of Gettysburg
Elliot M. Sutton, mayor of Burlington
William J. Van Patten, business person, philanthropist, Burlington mayor, and President pro tempore of the Vermont Senate
William Wells, Union Army major general by brevet who received the Medal of Honor for heroism at the Battle of Gettysburg
Urban A. Woodbury, governor of Vermont
References
Sources
Newspapers
Internet
External links
Lakeview Cemetery (City of Burlington official website)
Burlington Cemetery Commission, website for the board that manages Burlington, Vermont's cemeteries
Lakeview Cemetery at Find A Grave
Friends of Lakeview Cemetery on Facebook
Rural cemeteries
Cemeteries in Vermont
1867 establishments in Vermont
Tourist attractions in Burlington, Vermont
Buildings and structures in Burlington, Vermont
Burials at Lakeview Cemetery (Burlington, Vermont)
Jair Henrique Alves Junior (born 1 October 1978) is a Brazilian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
People from Maringá
Handball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from Paraná (state)
Concordia Antarova (, also known as Cora Antarova, 25 April 1886 O.S./13 April 1886 (N. S.) – 6 February 1959) was a Russian contralto who starred in the Bolshoi Theater for more than twenty years. After their singing career ended, they wrote theosophical texts. They were recognized as an Honored Artist of the RSFSR in 1933.
Early life
Concordia Evgenievna Antarova was born on 13 April 1886 in Warsaw, Russian Poland. Them father was an employee of the Department of Public Education. Them mother, who gave language lessons, was the first cousin of Arkady Vladimirovich Tyrkov and the niece of Sophia Perovskaya, two of the members of Narodnaya Volya, who had attempted to assassinate Tsar Alexander II of Russia. Them father died when Antarova was eleven years old, and their mother died when they were in the sixth grade, aged fourteen. In spite of being orphaned, they completed their studies at Gymnasium in 1901. Deciding to enter a convent, Antarova sang in the choir and began to develop an interest in performing music. John of Kronstadt advised them that their vocation was to be part of the world rather than in the convent.
When school friends were able to gather sufficient funds for them to continue studying, Antarova moved to Saint Petersburg. In the 1901–1902 season, they performed as Solokha and the female innkeeper in Tchaikovsky's opera Vakula the Smith at the Saint Petersburg People's Hall. Enrolling in the Bestuzhev Courses, they graduated from the History and Philology Faculty 1904. Though they wanted to continue with music studies, Antarova had to work to be able to pay for lessons with at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory. They took a job as a teacher in the Nikolaevskaya Railway's Alexandrovsky foundry school, riding the train an hour each way to teach and back for their singing lessons. The lack of food and fatigue led to their developing bronchial asthma, which plagued them the rest of their life. In 1907, they graduated from the Conservatory and was sent to the Mariinsky Theatre to audition. Of the 160 singers, they were the only one hired.
Career
Antarova performed as the mezzo-soprano soloist for a year at the Mariinsky, before being hired as a replacement for another singer who worked at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow. Them debut in 1908 was as Ratmir in the opera Ruslan and Lyudmila by Mikhail Glinka. From 1908 to 1930 and then from 1932 to 1936 they performed as a soloist of Bolshoi. From December 1930 to July 1932, they asked to be released from the Bolshoi and worked as a librarian from November 1931. They may have performed briefly in 1931 with the State Academic Opera and Ballet Theater or been detained in a camp after their husband had been shot. While performing, between 1918 and 1922, Antarova took acting classes from Konstantin Stanislavski at the Opera Studio of the Bolshoi Theatre. They also performed in concerts, with solos in works such as Petite messe solennelle by Gioachino Rossini and Vier ernste Gesänge by Johannes Brahms. Some of their most noted roles were as Lel in Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's The Snow Maiden; Vanya in A Life for the Tsar by Glinka; Floshildy in Richard Wagner's Das Rheingold and Götterdämmerung; and as the Countess in Tchaikovsky's The Queen of Spades, among many others. In 1933, they were recognized as an Honored Artist of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
Soon after Sophia Parnok died, Olga Tsuberbiller began a relationship with Antarova, which would last until the singer's death. Tsuberbiller was a noted mathematician who taught at the Moscow State University of Fine Chemical Technologies. After they left the stage, Antarova began writing and publishing books. In 1939, they wrote Беседы К.С.Станиславского (Conversations with K. S. Stanislavski). During the war they lived in Moscow, wrote a three-volume Theosophical novel, Two Lives, which along with two other volumes on Stanislavski remained unpublished in their lifetime. In 1946, they organized a division of the Russian theatrical society dedicated to Stanislavski and promotion of their theatrical methods. Because they attended Theosophical Society meetings and was open about their explorations of mysticism and the occult, Antarova was surveilled constantly, though they escaped arrest because Stalin admired them voice.
Death and legacy
Suffering from ill-health from 1956, Antarova died on 6 February 1959 after a long illness, in which they were cared for by their partner Tsuberbiller. Tsuberbiller never fully recovered from the pain of Antarova's death. The two women were buried side by side in the Novodevichy Cemetery when Tsuberbiller died in 1975. Posthumously, their book Two Lives was published in 1993 and their book on Stanislavski has been re-published several times, being translated into other languages.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
Concordia Antarova: a biography and a translation from the Russian into English of selections from Two Lives and other writings, by Daniel H. Shubin
1886 births
1959 deaths
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
Musicians from Warsaw
Singers from Moscow
20th-century Russian women opera singers
20th-century Russian women writers
Lesbian writers
Russian Theosophists
LGBT writers from Russia
LGBT singers from Russia
Soviet women opera singers
Mark Proksch ( ; born ) is an American comedian and character actor.  They are best known for acting in the television series The Office, Better Call Saul, Dream Corp LLC, What We Do in the Shadows and as a fictionalized version of themselves in the On Cinema universe.
They rose to prominence when they portrayed the character "K-Strass," a parody of a yo-yo master, who appeared on local news shows.
Early life
Proksch grew up in Onalaska, Wisconsin, and is a graduate of Onalaska High School and the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire.
K-Strass
Proksch had the alias of Kenny "K-Strass" Strasser early in their career, during which they appeared on small-market local newscasts as a hapless "yo-yo master." In these appearances, they fabricated stories about visiting schools to speak to children about environmentalism. When asked to perform tricks live on the air, they would display a complete inability to do any of them. The character of K-Strass was described by online magazine Paste as "the funniest thing that's ever happened" and speaking "in a nasal Midwestern accent, with a halting cadence that was both awkward and deliberate." K-Strass was created when Proksch's temp job at an ad agency fell through.
Proksch also appeared as K-Strass while opening for Gregg Turkington's Neil Hamburger on tour. Turkington and Proksch would work together again on On Cinema.
Television career
Proksch had a recurring role on the television series The Office as Nate, Dwight Schrute's lackey and the office handyman. They appeared in 19 episodes over the show's final three seasons. In March 2013, Proksch starred in the NBC television pilot Holding Patterns. They also voiced the character Johnnie in the Adventure Time episode "Bad Timing." In March 2014, Proksch appeared in an episode of Portlandia as Carrie Brownstein's love interest. From 2015 to 2017 they appeared as Daniel "Pryce" Wormald, a recurring character on the AMC drama series Better Call Saul, a prequel to Breaking Bad. From 2014 through 2020, Proksch appeared as the character "Randy Blink" in the Adult Swim series Dream Corp LLC. In 2015, Proksch appeared in Season 3, Episode 1 of Drunk History in which they told the story of the Bone Wars.
On Cinema at the Cinema
Proksch plays a fictionalized version of themselves in the On Cinema universe, in which they attempt various impersonations, including W.C. Fields and The Marx Brothers. The fictional Proksch was briefly declared dead during the 5th Annual On Cinema Oscar special, having suffocated inside a heavy diving suit during a Jaws impersonation skit. Their character briefly appears in season 10's VR episodes, when the camera is turned showing their comatose body. This takes place during a recurring section in which Gregg Turkington plays their old audition tapes for films they failed to be cast in. Their comatose body again appears in the 6th Annual Oscar special as "The Living Oscar". Painted gold and strapped to a gurney, pre-recorded phrases in their voice are played in answer to questions surrounding Oscar trivia. During one segment their comatose body is slowly rotated around a compilation of past Oscar nominated films. They awaken after being knocked over by host Tim Heidecker and spends the rest of the special in a state of confusion and shock while bleeding from a broken nose. The fictional Proksch still appeared confused in the next season of On Cinema. After being beaten in a Los Angeles Police Department holding cell when they were wrongly arrested for selling VHS copies of public domain movies with Gregg, they go missing. During the 8th Annual Oscar special, a brief video recording that appears to depict the fictional Proksch surfaces and suggests that they no longer wishes to be involved with the hosts of On Cinema.
What We Do in the Shadows
Proksch starred as Colin Robinson, an energy vampire, in the first three seasons of the FX series What We Do in the Shadows, before portraying the character's identical son (also named Colin Robinson and nicknamed "The Boy") following the original Colin's death in the third season finale.
Filmography
Film
Television
Nomination
References
External links
Living people
Male actors from Wisconsin
American male comedians
21st-century American comedians
University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire alumni
American male television actors
21st-century American male actors
Comedians from Wisconsin
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fayetteville is an unincorporated community in Indian Creek Township, Lawrence County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
Fayetteville was platted on February 6, 1838, by Ezra Kern. The community was likely named in honor of John Fayette, a pioneer. Before Fayetteville was platted, John Vestal opened up the first merchandising house in 1818. In 1874, an addition was made to Fayetteville by Noah Kern. A post office was established at Fayetteville in 1846, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1907. By 1910, Fayetteville had a population of about 125, and was a country town trading place.
The area experienced its strongest tornado on March 8, 2009. A confirmed EF3 tornado touched down in Fayetteville, destroying three houses and damaging at least 19 others. Several barns and other structures were also damaged or destroyed. The tornado injured one person.
Fire department
Fayetteville, and the surrounding township, is protected by the Indian Creek Volunteer Fire Department (ICVFD). The department's 23 members respond to all types of emergencies, including, but not limited to, fire and medical calls, and are often dispatched as medical first responders when an ambulance is dispatched to the township from the nearby City of Bedford. The department responded to 234 calls in 2012, a record high for the department. ICVFD has mutual aid agreements with all other volunteer fire departments in Lawrence County.
The Indian Creek VFD Station is located in Fayetteville at .
Geography
Fayetteville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Tadeusz Krawczyk (born 3 June 1959) is a Polish former racing cyclist. They won the Tour de Pologne 1983.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Poznań
The Battle of Bhima Koregaon: An Unending Journey is a 2017 documentary by Indian filmmaker Somnath Waghmare. It explored the role of 500 Mahar dalit soldiers of the East India Company in the Battle of Koregaon on 1 January 1818 against Peshwa rulers. It talks about dalit assertion on 1 January taking place every year. The 50 minute documentary was released in April 2017.
Production
For producing this documentary, Somnath Waghamare used Crowdfunding as they were still a PhD student at Tata Institute of Social Sciences. Their topic of M.Phil research was about caste and its portrayal in Marathi cinema.
Awards
The documentary was screened in first ever Dalit Film and Cultural Festival at Columbia University, New York.
See also
Battle of Koregaon
The Battle of Bhima Koregaon (film)
References
2017 films
Indian documentary films
Films about the caste system in India
Dalit communities
Dalit history
Films about social issues in India
Documentaries about historical events
Documentary films about historical events
Documentary films about India
Benjamin Hart (born 4 May 1977) is a New Zealand former cricketer. They played one first-class match for Otago in 1997/98.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Hamilton, New Zealand
Margaret Dale (30 December 1922 – 28 January 2010) was a British dancer who later became a producer and Director of Dance for BBC television.
Early life and career
They were born as Margaret Elisabeth Bolam in Newcastle-upon-Tyne to John Howden Bolam and wife Gladys Margaret (Downs). They attended Dame Allan's School at Newcastle-on-Tyne and learned dancing from age 5. Between the 1940s and 1950s, they showed a flair for comedy, and sparkling technique when the company toured Europe and North America after World War II ended. They danced lead and soloist roles.
One of Dale's greatest achievements came when they filmed Ashton's two-act ballet La Fille Mal Gardée, with its original cast for television, uncut, shortly after it had triumphed in both New York City and Russia in 1960. Them black and white film documents the work's first cast and the choreographic details that were changed in subsequent performances. Dale's original cast television productions include Ashton's The Dream and Monotones ballets. Dale also produced documentaries on Gene Kelly, Rudolf Nureyev, Ninette de Valois, and others. They worked with up-and-comers such as John Cranko and Glen Tetley.
In 1976, after retiring from the BBC, Dale taught in Canada, chairing the department of dance at York University in Toronto.
Personal life
Margaret Dale was married and divorced to John Hart and had no children. They died on 28 January 2010, aged 87.
Footnotes
Obituaries
The Telegraph
NY Times
The Guardian
External links
1922 births
2010 deaths
English ballerinas
English choreographers
English expatriates in Canada
People from Newcastle upon Tyne
People from Toronto
York University faculty
People educated at Dame Allan's School
Faed Arsène (born 21 June 1985) is a Malagasy international footballer who last played in Belgium for Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz, as a striker.
Career
Arsène has played club football in France and Belgium for CS Avion, Lens B, CS Louhans-Cuiseaux, USL Dunkerque, Olympic de Charleroi-Marchienne and Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz.
They made their international debut for Madagascar in 2010.
Personal life
Their father is Hervé Arsène.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Malagasy footballers
Madagascar international footballers
RC Lens players
CS Avion players
Louhans-Cuiseaux FC players
R. Olympic Charleroi Châtelet Farciennes players
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in France
Malagasy expatriates in France
Association football forwards
The following lists events that happened during 1907 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
January 2, 1907
On their visit to British India as guest of the viceroy (Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 1st Earl of Minto), the amir reaches Landi Kotal and, on January 28, Calcutta, after witnessing a grand review of some 30,000 troops at Agra, with which they are said to have been much impressed. From Calcutta they proceed to Bombay, where they arrive on February 12. They leaf by sea on February 25 for Karachi, landing on the 27th, and leaves Peshawar on their return home on March 7. The arrangement that no political questions should be discussed was strictly adhered to; the visit was purely for the exchange of personal courtesies and for enabling the amir to gain as great a general knowledge of India as was possible in so short a time. They appear to have been most genuinely pleased with their reception, but on their return to Afghanistan the more fanatical of their subjects express great dissatisfaction at their eating with Europeans. Nothing however comes of this, and if any outward signs of it are shown they are speedily suppressed.
August 31, 1907
An Anglo-Russian convention is signed, which relates to Afghanistan as follows:
The British government disclaims any intention of changing the political position in Afghanistan, and undertakes neither to take measures in Afghanistan, nor to encourage Afghanistan to take measures, threatening Russia. The Russian government recognizes Afghanistan as outside the Russian sphere of influence, and agrees to act in all political relations with Afghanistan through the British government, and it also undertakes to send no agents to Afghanistan.
Britain adheres to the provisions of the treaty of Kabul of March 21, 1905, and undertakes not to annex or to occupy, contrary to the said treaty, any part of Afghanistan, or to intervene in the internal administration. The reservation is made that the amir shall fulfil the engagements contracted by them in the asupervisorstioned treaty.
Russian and Afghan officials especially appointed for that purpose on the frontier, or in the frontier provinces, may enter into direct relations in order to settle local questions of a non-political character.
Russia and Britain declare that they recognize the principle of equality of treatment for commerce, and agree that all facilities acquired already or in the future for British and Anglo-Indian commerce and merchants shall be equally applied to Russian commerce and merchants.
These arrangements are not to come into force until Britain has notified to Russia the amir's assent to them. The general effect is merely to maintain the status quo; it is to the advantage of England that Russia shall definitely renounce all right to treat directly with Afghanistan, while on the other hand the grant of commercial equality is a decided gain to Russia.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
1900s in Afghanistan
Phyllonorycter sexnotella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Kentucky and Pennsylvania in the United States.
The wingspan is 7-7.5 mm.
References
sexnotella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1880
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1528.
Events
October 2 – William Tyndale's The Obedience of a Christian Man (The Obedience of a Christen man, and how Christen rulers ought to govern) is printed in Antwerp for clandestine distribution in England.
New books
Baltissare Castiglione – The Book of the Courtier (Il Cortegiano)
Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples – Ancien Testament (translation of the Old Testament into French)
Francisco Delicado – Portrait of Lozana: The Lusty Andalusian Woman (Retrato de la Loçana andaluza)
Desiderius Erasmus – Ciceronianus
Jean Fernel – Cosmotheoria
Martin Luther – Confession Concerning Christ's Supper (Vom Abendmahl Christi, Bekenntnis)
William Tyndale – The Obedience of a Christian Man
New drama
Ludovico Ariosto
La Lena
Il Negromante (approximate date of first performance)
New poetry
Anna Bijns – Refrains
Births
November 2 – Petrus Lotichius Secundus, born Peter Lotz, German scholar and Latin poet (died 1560)
unknown dates
Rémy Belleau, French poet (died 1577)
Birbal, born Maheshdas Bhat, Indian poet, wit and Grand Vizier of the Mughal court (died 1586)
Jean-Jacques Boissard, French antiquary and Latin poet (died 1602)
Henri Estienne, French printer and classical scholar (died 1598)
António Ferreira, Portuguese poet (died 1569)
Atagi Fuyuyasu (安宅 冬康), Japanese samurai and poet (died 1564)
Phùng Khắc Khoan, Vietnamese military strategist, politician, diplomat and poet (died 1613)
Thomas Whythorne, English composer and autobiographer (died 1595)
Deaths
March 10 – Balthasar Hubmaier, German Anabaptist theologian (born c.1480)
November 17 – Jakob Wimpfeling, humanist and theologian (born 1450)
unknown dates
Al-Birjandi, Persian scientist
Richard Hyrde, English scholar and translator
Erhard Ratdolt, German printer (born 1442)
probable – Giorgio Anselmo, Italian physician and Latin poet (born c.1458)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Kyocera Unimerco A/S is an international manufacturer, distributor and service company. The company comprises a tooling division (Kyocera Unimerco Tooling) offering optimisation services and tooling solutions for machining as well as measuring and gauging tools for the manufacturing industries, and a fastening division (Kyocera Unimerco Fastening) supplying primarily nailers, finish nailers and staplers as well as accessories and fasteners for the building industry.
The group was founded in Denmark in 1964 under the name Unimerco. In 2011, all activities were acquired by Kyocera's Germany-based subsidiary Kyocera Fineceramics GmbH.
References
External links
International website of the Kyocera Unimerco group
International website of Kyocera Unimerco Fastening
Kyocera
Danish companies established in 1964
Risk parity (or risk premia parity) is an approach to investment management which focuses on allocation of risk, usually defined as volatility, rather than allocation of capital. The risk parity approach asserts that when asset allocations are adjusted (leveraged or deleveraged) to the same risk level, the risk parity portfolio can achieve a higher Sharpe ratio and can be more resistant to market downturns than the traditional portfolio. Risk parity is vulnerable to significant shifts in correlation regimes, such as observed in Q1 2020, which led to the significant underperformance of risk-parity funds in the Covid-19 sell-off.
Roughly speaking, the approach of building a risk parity portfolio is similar to creating a minimum-variance portfolio subject to the constraint that each asset (or asset class, such as bonds, stocks, real estate, etc.) contributes equally to the portfolio overall volatility.
Some of its theoretical components were developed in the 1950s and 1960s but the first risk parity fund, called the All Weather fund, was pioneered in 1996. In recent years many investment companies have begun offering risk parity funds to their clients. The term, risk parity, came into use in 2005, coined by Edward Qian, of PanAgora Asset Management, and was then adopted by the asset management industry. Risk parity can be seen as either a passive or active management strategy.
Interest in the risk parity approach has increased since the late 2000s financial crisis as the risk parity approach fared better than traditionally constructed portfolios, as well as many hedge funds. Some portfolio managers have expressed skepticism about the practical application of the concept and its effectiveness in all types of market conditions but others point to its performance during the financial crisis of 2007-2008 as an indication of its potential success.
Description
Risk parity is a conceptual approach to investing which attempts to provide a lower risk and lower fee alternative to the traditional portfolio allocation of 60% stocks and 40% bonds which carries 90% of its risk in the stock portion of the portfolio (see illustration). The risk parity approach attempts to equalize risk by allocating funds to a wider range of categories such as stocks, government bonds, credit-related securities and inflation hedges (including real assets, commodities, real estate and inflation-protected bonds), while maximizing gains through financial leveraging. According to Bob Prince, CIO at Bridgewater Associates, the defining parameters of a traditional risk parity portfolio are uncorrelated assets, low equity risk, and passive management.
Some scholars contend that a risk parity portfolio requires strong management and continuous oversight to reduce the potential for negative consequences as a result of leverage and allocation building in the form of buying and selling of assets to keep dollar holdings at predetermined and equalized risk levels. For example, if the price of a security goes up or down and risk levels remain the same, the risk parity portfolio will be adjusted to keep its dollar exposure constant. On the other hand, some consider risk parity to be a passive approach, because it does not require the portfolio manager to buy or sell securities on the basis of judgments about future market behavior.
The principles of risk parity may be applied differently by different financial managers, as they have different methods for categorizing assets into classes, different definitions of risk, different ways of allocating risk within asset classes, different methods for forecasting future risk and different ways of implementing exposure to risk. However, many risk parity funds evolve away from their original intentions, including passive management. The extent to which a risk parity portfolio is managed, is often the distinguishing characteristic between the various kinds of risk parity funds available today.
Equally-weighted risk contributions portfolios
The best known version of risk parity is the equally-weighted risk contributions portfolio method.
Equally-weighted risk contributions is not about "having the same volatility", it is about having each asset contributing in the same way to the portfolio overall volatility. For this we will have to define the contribution of each asset to the portfolio risk.
Consider a portfolio of assets: , ..., where the weight of the asset is . The form the allocation vector . Let us further denote the covariance matrix of the assets = , ..., by . The volatility of the portfolio is defined as the std of the random variable which is:
Since it is homogeneous of degree 1 in , it follows from Euler's theorem for homogeneous functions that:
, where
so that can be interpreted as the contribution of asset in the portfolio to the overall risk of the portfolio.
Equal risk contribution then means for all or equivalently
The solution can be found by either solving the fixed point problem
or by solving the minimization problem
both with some constraint that eliminates the invariance of the problem with the scaling of .
Usually either the overall portfolio volatility is set to :
or the gross investment of the portfolio is set to
The above minimization problem can be efficiently solved by the cyclical coordinate descent method, open source implementations of which are available in JavaScript, Python and R.
For ease of use, to also be noted that a REST API with capabilities to solve equal risk contributions problems, as well as constrained equal risk contributions problems, is available online.
History
The seeds for the risk parity approach were sown when economist and Nobel Prize winner, Harry Markowitz introduced the concept of the efficient frontier into modern portfolio theory in 1952. Then in 1958, Nobel laureate James Tobin concluded that the efficient frontier model could be improved by adding risk-free investments and they advocated leveraging a diversified portfolio to improve its risk/return ratio. The theoretical analysis of combining leverage and minimizing risk amongst multiple assets in a portfolio was also examined by Jack Treynor in 1961, William F. Sharpe in 1964, John Lintner in 1965 and Jan Mossin in 1966. However, the concept was not put into practice due to the difficulties of implementing leverage in the portfolio of a large institution.
According to Joe Flaherty, senior vice president at MFS Investment Management, "the idea of risk parity goes back to the 1990s". In 1996, Bridgewater Associates launched a risk parity fund called the Weather asset allocation strategy. Although Bridgewater Associates was the first to bring a risk parity product to market, they did not coin the term. Instead the term "risk parity" was first used by Edward Qian, of PanAgora Asset Management, when they authored a white paper in 2005. In 2008 the name Risk Parity (short for Risk Premia Parity) was given to this portfolio investment category by Andrew Zaytsev at the investment consulting firm Alan Biller and Associates. Soon, the term was adopted by the asset management industry. In time, other firms such as Aquila Capital (2004), Northwater, Wellington, Invesco, First Quadrant, Putnam Investments, ATP (2006), PanAgora Asset Management (2006), BlackRock (2009 - formerly Barclays Global Investors), 1741 Asset Management (2009), Neuberger Berman (2009), AllianceBernstein (2010), AQR Capital Management (2010), Clifton Group (2011), Salient Partners (2012), Schroders (2012), Natixis Asset Management (2013) and Allianz Global Investors (2015) began establishing risk parity funds.
Performance
A white paper report from Callan Investments Institute Research in Feb 2010 reported that a "levered Risk Parity portfolio would have significantly underperformed" versus a standard institutional portfolio in the 1990s but "would have significantly outperformed" a standard institutional portfolio during the decade of 2000 to 2010. According to a 2010 article in the Wall Street Journal "Risk-parity funds held up relatively well during the financial crisis" of 2008. For example, AQR's risk parity fund declined 18% to 19% in 2008 compared with the 22% decline in the Vanguard Balanced Index fund. According to a 2013 Wall Street Journal report the risk parity type of fund offered by hedge funds has "soared in popularity" and "consistently outperformed traditional strategies since the financial crisis". However, mutual funds using the risk parity strategy were reported to have incurred losses of 6.75% during the first half of the year. Proponents of risk parity argue that the value of balancing risks between asset classes will be realized over long periods including periods of recessions, growth and higher inflation regimes. Historical analysis does provide some evidence of better performance than equities in recessionary environments.
Reception
With the bullish stock market of the 1990s, equity-heavy investing approaches outperformed risk parity in the near term. However, after the March 2000 crash, there was an increased interest in risk parity, first among institutional investors in the United States and then in Europe. USA investors include the Wisconsin State Investment Board and the Pennsylvania Public School Employees' Retirement System (PSERS) which have invested hundreds of millions in the risk parity funds of AQR, BlackRock and Bridgewater Associates. The financial crisis of 2007-2010 was also hard on equity-heavy and Yale Model portfolios, but risk parity funds fared reasonably well.
Despite criticisms from skeptics, the risk parity approach has seen a "flurry of activity" following a decade of "subpar equity performance". During the period 2005 to 2012 several companies began offering risk parity products including: Barclays Global Investors (now BlackRock), Schroders, First Quadrant, Mellon Capital Management, Neuberger Berman and State Street Global Advisors. A 2011 survey of institutional investors and consultants suggests that over 50% of America-based benefit pension and endowments and foundations are currently using, or considering, risk parity products for their investment portfolios. A survey conducted by Chief Investor Officer magazine in 2014 shows how far the adoption has grown: 46% of institutional investors surveyed are using risk parity and 8% are considering investing.
Use of leverage
According to a 2011 article in Investments & Pensions Europe, the risk parity approach has "moderate risks" which include: communicating its value to boards of directors; unforeseen events like the 2008 market decline; market timing risks associated with implementation; the use of leverage and derivatives and basis risks associated with derivatives. Other critics warn that the use of leverage and relying heavily on fixed income assets may create its own risk. Portfolio manager Ben Inker has criticized risk parity for being a benchmarking approach that gives too much relative weight to bonds when compared to other alternative portfolio approaches. However, proponents of risk parity say that its purpose is to avoid predicting future returns. Inker also says that risk parity requires too much leverage to produce the same expected returns as conventional alternatives. Proponents answer that the reduced risk from additional diversification more than offsets the additional leverage risk and that leverage through publicly traded futures and prime brokerage financing of assets also means a high percentage of cash in the portfolio to cover losses and margin calls. Additionally Inker says that bonds have negative skew, (small probability of large losses and large probability of small gains) which makes them a dangerous investment to leverage. Proponents have countered by saying that their approach calls for reduced exposure to bonds as volatility increases and provides less skew than conventional portfolios.
Proponents of the use of leverage argue that using leverage can be risk-reducing rather than risk-increasing provided four conditions are met: (i) enough unencumbered cash is kept to meet any margin calls (ii) leverage is applied to a well-diversified portfolio (iii) assets can be rebalanced frequently and (iv) counterparty risk is minimized.
Risk parity and the bull market in bonds
A 2012 article in the Financial Times indicated possible challenges for risk parity funds "at the peak of a 30-year bull market for fixed income". While advocates point out their diversification amongst bonds as well as "inflation-linked securities, corporate credit, emerging market debt, commodities and equities, balanced by how each asset class responds to two factors: changes in the expected rate of economic growth and changes to expectations for inflation". A 2013 article in the Financial News reported that "risk parity continues to prosper, as investors come to appreciate the better balance of different risks that it represents in an uncertain world."
After the sharp fall in bond prices of 2013 ("taper tantrum"), investors continued to question the impact of rising rates on risk parity portfolios or other more concentrated equity portfolios. A historical analysis of episodes of rising rates show the value in distinguishing between orderly and disorderly rising rates regimes. Risk parity has weaker performance in disorderly rising rates environments but its performance over time is not dependent on falling bond yields.
Risk parity and the Capital Asset Pricing Model
Risk parity advocates assert that the unlevered risk parity portfolio is quite close to the tangency portfolio, as close as can be measured given uncertainties and noise in the data. Theoretical and empirical arguments are made in support of this contention. One specific set of assumptions that puts the risk parity portfolio on the efficient frontier is that the individual asset classes are uncorrelated and have identical Sharpe ratios. Risk parity critics rarely contest the claim that the risk parity portfolio is near the tangency portfolio but they say that the leveraged investment line is less steep and that the levered risk parity portfolio has slight or no advantage over 60% stocks / 40% bonds, and carries the disadvantage of greater explicit leverage.
See also
Financial risk
Hedge fund
Modern portfolio theory
Tail risk parity
References
Financial markets
Actuarial science
Investment
Portfolio theories
"All We Got" is a song by American rapper Chance the Rapper featuring Kanye West and Chicago Children's Choir, from Chance's third mixtape Coloring Book (2016). It contains vocals from Francis Starlite, Grace Weber, Isaiah Robinson, Jack Red, Sima Cunningham, Teddy Jackson and Vasil Garvanliev. A remix was shared by SBTRKT in March 2018.
Background
Chance didn't originally plan for the song to be the kickoff track on the mixtape. SBTRKT shared a remix of it on March 22, 2018.
Creation
"Music is all we got" is a West lyric and Chance revealed that "All We Got" was a perfect record because it wasn't the first one they made for the lyric. They also elaborated on how West added their touch to the song sonically.
Commercial performance
The song debuted at number 2 on the US Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 and spend a total of two weeks on the chart. It debuted at number 45 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart in the same week as this.
Charts
References
2016 songs
Chance the Rapper songs
Gospel songs
Kanye West songs
Song recordings produced by Kanye West
Songs written by Chance the Rapper
Songs written by Kanye West
The Palace of Venaria (Italian: Reggia di Venaria Reale) is a former royal residence and gardens located in Venaria Reale, near Turin in the Piedmont region in northern Italy. It is one of the Residences of the Royal House of Savoy, included in the UNESCO Heritage List in 1997.
The Palace was designed and built from 1675 by Amedeo di Castellamonte, commissioned by duke Charles Emmanuel II, who needed a base for their hunting expeditions in the heathy hill country north of Turin. The name itself derives from Latin, Venatio Regia meaning "Royal Hunt". It was enlarged to become a luxurious residence for the House of Savoy. The palace complex became a masterpiece of Baroque architecture and was filled with decoration and artwork. It fell into disuse at the end of the 18th century. After the Napoleonic wars, it was used for military purposes until 1978, when its renovation began, leading to the largest restoration project in European history. It opened to the public on October 13, 2007, and it has since become a major tourist attraction and exhibition space.
It is noted for its monumental architecture and Baroque interiors by Filippo Juvarra, including the Galleria Grande and its marble decorations, the chapel of Saint Uberto, and its extensive gardens. It received 1,048,857 visitors in 2017, making it the sixth most visited museum in Italy.
History
Charles Emmanuel II was inspired by the example of the Castle of Mirafiori, built by Duke Charles Emmanuel I for their wife Catherine Michaela of Spain. Keen to leave a memorial of themselves and their wife, Marie Jeanne of Savoy-Nemours, they bought the two small villages of Altessano Superiore and Altessano Inferiore from the Milanese-origin Birago family, who had employed the land for agricultural use. The place was rechristened Venaria for its future function as a hunting base (Venatio, in Latin). The construction of this residence fell in the larger plan of surrounding the city of Turin with a garland of delicacies (Corona di Delizie), a system of palaces and leisure residences which included the Palazzina di caccia of Stupinigi, Castle of Rivoli, Villa della Regina, and others.
In 1658 Charles Emmanuel commissioned the project to architects Amedeo di Castellamonte and . The plan envisioned a grandiose ensemble of a palace, gardens, hunting woods, and a new town, bearing a noteworthy scenographic impact. The new town's plan was circular to reflect the round shape of the collar of the Supreme Order of the Most Holy Annunciation, a dynastic order created by the House of Savoy. In 1675 the borough and the palace were nearly completed, including the so-called Reggia di Diana (Royal Residence of Diana), the heart of the complex. Works however continued until the next century, as in 1693 French invasion troops are known to have destroyed some buildings and Duke (future King) Victor Amadeus II had the residence modified according to French canons, with the intent of rivalling the Palace of Versailles. Starting in 1699, the new project director was Michelangelo Garove, who followed Victor Amadeus' intent of building an ever more grandiose palace.
Further damage was inflicted during the Siege of Turin (1706), when the French troops under Louis d'Aubusson de La Feuillade were garrisoned there. After the Savoyard victory, Victor Amadeus placed Filippo Juvarra in charge of the project in 1716. Juvarra completed the chapel, the Great Gallery, the Citronerie, and the stables, and the renovation in French-style of the facades, elevating the palace to a Baroque masterpiece. During the reign of Charles Emmanuel III, under the direction of Benedetto Alfieri, the palace was enlarged with new stables, galleries, and supporting buildings. With the fall of the Ancien Régime, the palace fell in disuse.
The last buildings date from the mid-18th and early 19th centuries (stables, riding school, stair of the Reggia di Diana, gallery of Sant'Uberto); subsequently the Palace was abandoned in favour of the Palazzina di Caccia di Stupinigi (1729), which was by then more in tune with the tastes of the European courts.
During the Napoleonic domination, the structures were turned into barracks and the gardens were destroyed to create a training ground. The complex maintained this role after the fall of Napoleon and was used by the Italian Army until 1978, when it was sold to the Ministry of Culture.
In 1997 it was added to the UNESCO Heritage List as part of the Residences of the Royal House of Savoy, together with other landmarks such as the Royal Palace of Turin and the Palazzina di caccia of Stupinigi. Restoration works were begun in 1999, and encapsulated the palace, gardens, and the historic center of the town. It was the largest restoration project in European history, with 100.000 m2 of buildings area, 1.000 frescoes, 9.5000 m2 stuccoes, 800.000 m2 garden area being renovated.
The complex was open for tourism from 13 October 2007, and has since become a major tourist destination and space for exhibitions and events. It received 1,048,857 visitors in 2017, making it the sixth most visited museum in Italy. In 2019 it was chosen as Italy's most beautiful parks. The palace's restaurant was awarded a Michelin star.
In recent years, it has served as a filming location for several movies, including The King's Man and Miss Marx. The palace hosted the "Turquoise Carpet" and Opening Ceremony events for the Eurovision Song Contest 2022.
Architecture
The Palace
The palace is made up of two distinct wings: the original 17th century core of the residence, which is covered in white plaster, and the later 18th-century addition, with exposed brickwork. The entrance of the palace leads into the Cour d'honneur ("Honour Court"), which once housed a fountain with a deer. The main facade, covered with plaster and featuring cornucopias, shells and fruits, is connected on the right by section with the 18th-century wing. The two towers date to the Michelangelo Garove period (1669–1713) and are covered with multicolour pentagonal tiles in ceramics, which are united by a large gallery, known as Galleria Grande.
The Cour d'honneur leads into the Sala di Diana (The Hall of Diana), which functions as the heart of the palace. It is a rectangular room, decorated with stuccoes and paintings obviously centred on the theme of hunting. These include the frescoed vault representing Olympus (work of Jan Miel) which pictures Jupiter offering a gift to Diana, huge equestrian portraits of the dukes and the court (works by various painters in the ducal service), and hunting-themed canvases by Jan Miel, including the Hunt for the Deer, the Hare, the Bear, the Fox, the Boar, the Death of the Deer, the Going to the Woods, the Assembly, the Curea.
The centrepiece of the 18th-century wing is the Galleria Grande (Grand Gallery), which is stucco decorations, 44 arched windows, and black and white tiled floor.
The interiors originally housed a large collection of stuccos, statues, paintings (according to Amedeo di Castellamonte, up to 8,000) from some of the court artists of the times, such as Vittorio Amedeo Cignaroli, and Bernardino Quadri.
Gardens
The original gardens of the residence have now totally disappeared, since French troops turned them into training grounds. Earlier drawings show an Italian garden with three terraces connected by elaborate stairways and architectural features such as a clock tower in the first court, the fountain of Hercules, a theatre and parterres.
Recent works have recreated a park in modern style, exhibiting modern works by Giuseppe Penone, including a fake 12 m-high cedar housing the thermic discharges of the palace.
Juvarra Stables and Citroneria
The Juvarrian stables consist of a large atrium (room 57) overlooking the gardens, and a large vaulted room divided in two by a wall: the Scuderia Grande (Grand Stable, room 58) on the north side, and the Citroneria (orangery, room 59) on the side south. The Citroniera consists of a large vaulted gallery (148 meters long, 14 wide, and 16 high) whose ancient function was the winter storage of citrus fruits grown in the gardens. The side walls are decorated by niches that give the gallery dynamism, the south the walls feature large arches surmounted by oculi that overlook the gardens, while the north wall (which separates the room from the stables) has trompe l'oeil windows that mimics the arches of the south wall. The environment is currently used for temporary exhibitions. The large stable (148 m long, 12 wide and 15 high) contained about 200 horses at the time and sheltered the north side of the Citroniera in winter. Currently, the room exhibits carriages, uniforms, and the Venetian Bucintoro. The latter was commissioned in Venice by Vittorio Amedeo II between 1729 and 1731. Among the carriages on display there is the golden gala sedan, commissioned by Vittorio Emanuele II, the silver sedan of Queen Margherita and some carriages of Umberto I and Vittorio Emanuele III. In addition, Napoleon's carriage on temporarily exhibition.
Church of Sant'Uberto
After the death of Garove (1713), Juvarra was commissioned by Vittorio Amedeo II to build a church dedicated to Saint Hubertus, patron of hunters. The grandiose baroque church presents a Greek-cross plan with an octagonal core, and houses a large high altar inside, two side altars, and four side chapels located diagonally. Due to the church's position within the palace complex, it was impossible to build a dome. It was instead simulated with a trompe-l'œil painted on the vaulting by Giovanni Antonio Galliari. Juvarra decided to push facade back from in relation to the Grand Galley, in order to obtain a parvise in front of the church.
Inside, the entablature is supported by tall lesenes topped with Corinthian capitals. The sculptural program, built between 1724 and 1729, is the work of Giovanni Baratta and their nephew Giovanni Antonio Cybei. It features tribunes on the upper level, that were used by the monarch and the royal court when attending mass. the large high altar, decorated with flying angels supporting a ciborium in the shape of a small temple, and the four statues of the doctors of the church: St. Augustine, St. Ambrose, St. Athanasius and St. John Chrysostom around the central nave. The pictorial program, centred on the figure of the Virgin Mary and associated saints, is presented on the paintings placed on the side altars and in the chapels, works by Francesco Trevisani, Sebastiano Ricci and Sebastiano Conca. The upper level of the church houses tribunes The baptismal font is located in the chapel to the left of the entrance. The connections of the church with the Royal Palace were completed under Carlo Emanuele III by Benedetto Alfieri, who designed the monumental staircase that gives access to the upper tribune and the tunnel connecting the chapel with the Citroniera. After the period of abandonment of the palace, the chapel underwent a minor renovation in 1961 on the occasion of the 1961 Italian Expo, and then a complete renovation with the rest of the palace in 1999. Its opening to the public was celebrated on 3 September 2006 with a concert.
Gallery
See also
List of Baroque residences
Lux (album) – a 2012 album by Brian Eno which was initially a soundtrack for the Grand Gallery
Sources
References
External links
A.V.T.A. – Royal Palace of Venaria (en)
Residences of the Royal House of Savoy
Venaria
Gardens in Piedmont
Museums in Piedmont
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan City of Turin
Historic house museums in Italy
National museums of Italy
Houses completed in the 17th century
Houses completed in the 18th century
World Heritage Sites in Italy
Italian Baroque gardens
Venaria
Rococo architecture in Italy
Filippo Juvarra buildings
Venaria Reale
Albin Roberts Burt (1 December 178316 March 1842) was an English engraver and portrait-painter.
Life
Burt began their career as an engraver, having been a pupil of Robert Thew and Benjamin Smith but, finding themselves unable to excel in this field, took to painting portraits. They exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1830, and died at Reading on 18 March 1842. One of their prints represented Lady Hamilton, whom their mother knew when a barefooted girl in Wales, as Britannia unveiling the bust of Nelson.
Their nine-year-old son Nelson Burt drowned during the Mersey hurricane of 1822, and is buried at St Lawrence's Church, Stoak.
References
Sources
1783 births
1842 deaths
English engravers
19th-century English painters
English male painters
19th-century English male artists
The Hanger Cotton Gin is a historic cotton gin in Sweet Home, Arkansas. Built about 1876, it is a rare surviving example of a steam-powered gin. The main building is a three-story frame structure covered in board-and-batten siding. The gin was only operated commercially for a brief period, and was out of service by 1892. Since then, the building has been used as a barn and grain storage facility. It was probably built by Peter Hanger, whose family has been prominent in the Little Rock business community since that time.
The gin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Arkansas
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Industrial buildings completed in 1876
Cotton gin
National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County, Arkansas
1876 establishments in Arkansas
Cotton industry in the United States
Steam power
Kieren Francis Fallon (born 22 February 1965 in Crusheen, County Clare, Ireland) is a retired Irish professional flat racing jockey and was British Champion Jockey six times.
Early career
Stable jockey to Henry Cecil
In 1997, Fallon became the stable jockey for Henry Cecil, one of Britain's leading trainers. In May 1997 they recorded their first Classic win when taking the 1000 Guineas on the Cecil-trained filly Sleepytime. Cecil called them "a very hard worker" and a "Group One Jockey" while Richard Edmondson, writing in The Independent, praised Fallon's riding ability while pointing out their poor disciplinary record. Both sides of Fallon's character were soon evident as they were given a ten-day ban for their riding in a race in Italy, which they successfully had postponed riding in The Oaks, which they won on Reams of Verse for Cecil. Fallon ended the season with 202 wins and their first Champion Jockey title.
Fallon retained the Jockeys' Championship for the next two seasons, riding more than 200 winners on each occasion. In 1999 they won their first Derby when they rode the Cecil-trained Oath to victory at Epsom and followed up by winning the Oaks on Ramruma for the same stable. Less than two months later Fallon was dismissed as Cecil's stable jockey for reasons which were never fully explained.
Stable jockey to Michael Stoute
Following their dismissal, Fallon rode as a freelance jockey, riding for many top owners and trainers, before becoming stable jockey to the powerful stable of Michael Stoute. During their time with Stoute, Fallon rode the winners of many important races including successive runnings of the 2000 Guineas with King's Best and Golan. Between these two victories, Fallon lost their Champion Jockey title after a serious arm injury sustained in a fall in June 2000 at Royal Ascot forced them to miss several months race-riding. The accident came shortly after a riding ban prevented them from riding in the Derby.
Fallon's post at the Stoute stable came to an end in November 2001, when Stoute announced that some of their main owners did not want to use Fallon as a jockey for their horses, making their position untenable. Despite having no formal connection with the stable, Fallon continued to ride major winners for Stoute including the Derby winners Kris Kin in 2003 and North Light in 2004.
Allegations of "Conspiracy to Defraud"
In the spring of 2004 the News of the World newspaper made allegations of race fixing against Fallon. They were due to appear before the Jockey Club later in the year to answer the allegations when on 1 September 2004, they were arrested as part of a police investigation into the alleged fixing of over 80 races in the previous two years. On 15 December 2004 the Jockey Club discontinued its investigation into the allegations.
On 3 July 2006, Fallon was charged along with seven other people for conspiring to defraud the Internet betting exchange Betfair. Fallon was banned from riding in the UK until their trial was over, but was still able to race in the Republic of Ireland.
On 8 October 2007, their trial on charges of race-fixing began at the Old Bailey court in London. On 7 December 2007, the judge decided the defendants had no case to answer and they directed the jury to find Fallon and all their co-defendants not guilty because of lack of evidence. Their suspension from British racing was lifted with immediate effect.
Stable jockey to Aidan O'Brien
In February 2005 Fallon accepted the post of first jockey to Aidan O'Brien's powerful Ballydoyle stable. Their new career began impressively, with a win on Footstepsinthesand in the 2000 Guineas. By the end of the season they had recorded further important wins on horses such as Yeats, George Washington and Oratorio. Fallon's 2006 ban from riding in England curtailed their opportunities, but more important wins followed for the Ballydoyle team, notably on the 2007 European Horse of the Year Dylan Thomas. Fallon's position with O'Brien ended with their 18-month worldwide ban imposed by the French racing authorities in January 2008.
Positive tests
On 29 November 2006 French racing authority France Galop suspended Fallon for six months after testing positive for a metabolite of a prohibited substance after riding at Chantilly on 9 July 2006. The ban ran from 7 December 2006 to 6 June 2007. On 8 December 2007, it came out that Fallon had tested positive again for a banned substance on 19 August 2007 at Deauville Racecourse in France. On 25 January 2008 Fallon received an 18-month riding suspension for this offence. They resumed race riding at Lingfield Park on 4 September 2009.
Return as freelance
The 2010 Flat racing season saw Kieren Fallon employed largely by trainers Luca Cumani, Mark Johnston and Kevin Ryan. Although major wins were less frequent, Fallon had success, riding 140 winners in 2010 and 154 in 2011. In the latter season they finished third in the Jockeys' championship behind Paul Hanagan.
In 2014, Fallon rode to victory in the 2000 Guineas. Allowing Night of Thunder to drift across the track to the left having been on the right of the track, Fallon got up in the final strides to win the race and to take their first classic in 8 years.
Personal life
Fallon has three children with their ex-wife Julie: Natalie Ann Fallon (b. 1994), and twins Brittany Michelle and Cieren Richard Fallon (b. 1999). They also had a child with another woman whilst married to Julie. Cieren has also become a jockey and won their first race at Leicester in 2018. They won the British flat racing Champion Apprentice title in 2019 and won their first Group 1 race in July 2020 when they rode Oxted, trained by Roger Teal, to victory in the July Cup at Newmarket.
As of 2010, Fallon writes a column in the Racing Post Weekender during the flat season.
In July 2016 Fallon announced that they had been diagnosed with depression and had decided to retire from racing.
Fallon released their autobiography Form in 2017, which was published by Simon & Schuster.
Career wins in Great Britain
* = Champion Jockey
1991 – 29
1992 – 45
1993 – 60
1994 – 47
1995 – 92
1996 – 136
1997 – 202 *
1998 – 204 *
1999 – 202 *
2000 – 59
2001 – 166 *
2002 – 149 *
2003 – 221 *
2004 – 200
2005 – 70
2006 – 27
2007 – 0
2008 – 0
2009 – 50
2010 – 140
2011 – 154
2012 – 87
2013 – 62
2014 – 62
2015 - 10
2016 - 7
Sources: jockeysroom.com (1991–2001), racingpost.co.uk (2002–present)
Major wins
Great Britain
1,000 Guineas – (4) – Sleepytime (1997), Wince (1999), Russian Rhythm (2003), Virginia Waters (2005)
2,000 Guineas – (5) – King's Best (2000), Golan (2001), Footstepsinthesand (2005), George Washington (2006), Night of Thunder (2014)
Ascot Gold Cup – (2) – Mr Dinos (2003), Yeats (2006)
Cheveley Park Stakes – (1) – Embassy (1997)
Coronation Cup – (3) – Daliapour (2000), Boreal (2002), Yeats (2005)
Coronation Stakes – (1) – Russian Rhythm (2003)
Derby – (3) – Oath (1999), Kris Kin (2003), North Light (2004)
Eclipse Stakes – (2) – Medicean (2001), Oratorio (2005)
Fillies' Mile – (1) – Red Bloom (2003)
Haydock Sprint Cup – (1) – Society Rock (2012)
King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes – (1) – Golan (2002)
Lockinge Stakes – (3) – Medicean (2001), Russian Rhythm (2004), Peeress (2006)
Nassau Stakes – (3) – Islington (2002), Russian Rhythm (2003), Favourable Terms (2004)
Oaks – (4) – Reams of Verse (1997), Ramruma (1999), Ouija Board (2004), Alexandrova (2006)
Prince of Wales's Stakes – (1) – Bosra Sham (1997)
Queen Anne Stakes – (3) – Kalanisi (2000), Medicean (2001), Ad Valorem (2006)
Racing Post Trophy – (1) – Motivator (2004)
St. James's Palace Stakes – (2) – Dr Fong (1998), Most Improved (2012)
Sun Chariot Stakes – (1) – Independence (2001)
Sussex Stakes – (1) – Ali-Royal (1997)
Yorkshire Oaks – (4) – Catchascatchcan (1998), Islington (2002, 2003), Quiff (2004)
Ireland
Irish Champion Stakes – (3) – Oratorio (2005), Dylan Thomas (2006, 2007)
Irish Derby – (2) – Hurricane Run (2005), Dylan Thomas (2006)
Irish Oaks – (3) – Ramruma (1999), Ouija Board (2004), Alexandrova (2006)
Irish St. Leger – (1) – Yeats (2007)
Matron Stakes – (1) – Favourable Terms (2003)
Moyglare Stud Stakes – (1) – Rumplestiltskin (2005)
National Stakes – (1) – George Washington (2005)
Phoenix Stakes – (3) – Damson (2004), George Washington (2005), Holy Roman Emperor (2006)
Pretty Polly Stakes – (1) – Peeping Fawn (2007)
Tattersalls Gold Cup – (2) – Shiva (1999), Hurricane Run (2006)
Australia
A J Moir Stakes – (1) – California Dane (2006)
Hong Kong Jockey Club Plate – (1) – Polar Bear (2006)
France
Grand Prix de Paris – (1) – Scorpion (2005)
Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud – (2) – Gamut (2004), Mountain High (2007)
Poule d'Essai des Poulains – (1) – Aussie Rules (2006)
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe – (2) – Hurricane Run (2005), Dylan Thomas (2007)
Prix de la Forêt – (1) – Tomba (1998)
Prix d'Ispahan – (1) – Falbrav (2003)
Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère – (3) – Hold That Tiger (2002), Horatio Nelson (2005), Holy Roman Emperor (2006)
Prix Marcel Boussac – (1) – Rumplestiltskin (2005)
Prix Morny – (2) – Elusive City (2002), Myboycharlie (2007)
Prix de l'Opéra – (1) – Zee Zee Top (2003)
Germany
Grosser Preis von Baden – (1) – Borgia (1997)
Preis der Diana – (1) – Dancing Rain (2011)
Preis von Europa – (1) – Youmzain (2006)
Hong Kong
Hong Kong Vase – (1) – Ouija Board (2005)
Italy
Oaks d'Italia – (2) – Guadalupe (2002), Contredanse (2010)
United Arab Emirates
Dubai Golden Shaheen – (1) – Krypton Factor (2012)
Dubai Sheema Classic – (2) – Fruits of Love (1999), Fantastic Light (2000)
Al Maktoum Challenge, Round 3 - (1) - Prince Bishop (2014)
United States
Arlington A Million – (1) – Powerscourt (2005)
Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf – (2) – Islington (2003), Ouija Board (2004)
Goodwood Stakes – (1) – Gitano Hernando (2009)
See also
List of jockeys
Sporting Life for 1998 libel case
References
External links
BBC report of the 1-9-2004 arrest
Racingbase.com – Racing People: Kieren Fallon
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from County Clare
Irish jockeys
Lester Award winners
Sportspeople involved in betting scandals
British Champion flat jockeys
Irish sportspeople in doping cases
The Matilda Case involved Matilda, a 20-year-old woman whose father, Missouri planter Larkin Lawrence, claimed to own them as their slave. In 1837, they fled from their master-father in Cincinnati, a city located in the free state of Ohio. Matilda was captured and returned to their master by order of the local courts, based on the Fugitive Slave Act of 1793.
Cincinnati attorney Salmon P. Chase, in alliance with local abolitionist and publisher James G. Birney, acted in their defense. Though unsuccessful in obtaining Matilda's freedom, the arguments Chase advanced formed part of the legal basis for the radical anti-slavery Constitutionalism of the Republican Party that emerged in the 1850s and the Civil War. The Matilda Case "quickly became a turning point in the history of anti-slavery politics" and "the first major abolitionist challenge to fugitive slave recaptures".
Background
Matilda Lawrence was both the mulatto daughter and the slave of Larkin Lawrence, a Missouri planter. Matilda's mulatto mother, also a slave, raised them while serving as housekeeper on the Lawrence estate. Upon their mother's death, the 16-year-old Matilda assumed the duties of housekeeper.
In 1836, Larkin Lawrence traveled with 19-year-old Matilda to the free state of New York for an extended visit. As Matilda was a "light mulatto" they successfully presented their daughter/slave - "of striking beauty and engaging manners" - as their white offspring, concealing their servile status in Missouri. When Matilda implored their master-father to provide documents freeing her, they refused and made haste to return with them to Missouri. Stopping en route in Cincinnati, Ohio, Matilda fled secretly into the city when their owner rejected a final plea for freedom. Them whereabouts was concealed by local abolitionists until their owner-father departed Cincinnati several days later.
Believing they had secured their independence, Matilda found work as a housekeeper with the well-known anti-slavery activist James G. Birney. A former slave owner, Birney was publisher for the abolitionist journal The Philanthropist. Birney claimed that they were unaware of Matilda's ancestry when they hired her, as they had divulged little about their personal history and appeared to be white.
Unbeknownst to Matilda or Birney, Larkin Lawrence had engaged a slave catcher, John W. Riley, to effect Matilda's capture and return to Missouri. After a lengthy surveillance of the Birney residence, Riley and their associates obtained a warrant for Matilda's arrest and took them into custody on March 10, 1837.
Birney quickly enlisted Cincinnati attorney and abolitionist Salmon P. Chase who had successfully represented the publisher in 1836 after an anti-abolitionist mob attacked the offices of The Philanthropist. Chase immediately demanded a writ of habeas corpus for the release of the jailed Matilda. Birney, in turn, had been charged with harboring an escaped slave in their home. The cases were handled separately by the courts. Birney and Chase collaborated closely in preparing their legal defense.
Legal case
John W. Riley's affidavit submitted to a local magistrate called for the arrest and detention of Matilda, stating simply that they were the property of Larkin Lawrence and that they had escaped from their custody while in Cincinnati. The magistrate added that Matilda was "a colored girl".
Challenging the legitimacy of the affidavit, Chase offered a number of broad and wide-ranging legal arguments in court, invoking the Somerset principle, The Fugitive Slave Act of 1793, the Northwest Ordinance, and the free-state statutes of Ohio. As Matilda had not fled their master from a slave state to a free state, Chase argued that no violation of Fugitive Slave Law had occurred. Chase asked the court to consider the ramifications of the case "where any person can be dragged, by any other person who chooses to set up a claim against them as a fugitive servant" in which local authorities would determine whether the individual would be reduced to a form of property.
Chase made a "tactical" error in failing to emphasize the circumstances of Matilda's "escape" from their "master": in voluntarily bringing their slave to Ohio, Larkin Lawrence arguably forfeited their Missouri-established right of property in Matilda.
The defense failed to convince the presiding Judge David Kirkpatrick Este. Deciding for the plaintiff, they reaffirmed the constitutionality of the Fugitive Slave law. Matilda was instantly seized by Riley's associates and carried back into slavery, "her ultimate fate unknown".
The pamphlet that Chase issued on the case entitled "The Colored Woman, Matilda" (1837) set forth their legal arguments and was widely circulated. The case attracted many freed slaves to Cincinnati, many of whom many Chase defended in court cases, and earning them the sobriquet "attorney general for the fugitive slaves".
Birney phase
James G. Birney was sued for allegedly violating Larkin Lawrence's property rights in violation of the constitutionally sanctioned Fugitive Slave Act. In Birney's defense, Chase maintained that the state of Ohio provided no statutes establishing property rights in persons held to service, nor the US Constitution, which defined slaves as "persons", not property. As such, they had committed no crime. Birney was found guilty in the lower court and they appealed to the Ohio Supreme Court. There Chase relied less on their constitutional arguments and more on Birney's testimony that they were not aware of Matilda's slave status in Missouri, nor that their departure from their father from the northern shore of the Ohio River never established fugitive status for their employee. The court reversed Birney's conviction on a technicality without addressing the constitutional issues raised by Chase.
Footnotes
Sources
Baringer, William E. 1971. "The Politics of Abolition: Salmon P. Chase in Cincinnati". Journal of the Abraham Lincoln Association.
Foner, Eric. 2010. The Fiery Trial: Abraham Lincoln and American Slavery. W. W. Norton & Company. New York.
Foner, Eric. 1970. Free Soil, Free Labor, Free Men: The Ideology of the Republican Party Before the Civil War. Oxford University Press. London.
Oakes, James. 2013. Freedom National: The Destruction of Slavery in the United States, 1861-1865. W. W. Norton & Company. New York.
Stahr, Walter. 2021. Salmon P. Chase: Lincold's Vital Rival. Simon & Schuster. New York.
Race and law in the United States
1837 in the United States
Temepara Anne Bailey (formerly Clark, née George; born 23 October 1975 in Auckland) is a New Zealand international netball player of Samoan and Māori descent. They were a member of the Silver Ferns national squad in 1996, and from 2000–2011. George retired from international duties after the 2011 World Netball Championships in Singapore. They played domestic netball in the ANZ Championship as captain of the Northern Mystics. Since the inaugural season, George has taken part in every quarter for the Mystics. They retired from all netball in 2012.
They made a come back as a player for the Northern Stars in the 2019 ANZ Championship. They were previously on the coaching bench for the same team.
Early career
George was spotted as a talent in netball early, being selected for the Silver Ferns squad in 1996. They took time off the following year with the birth of their second child, and subsequentsly continued with the New Zealand A team and Silver Ferns training squad. With the start of the Coca-Cola Cup in 1998, George signed with the Auckland Diamonds for the league's inaugural year. In 1999, George transferred to cross-town rivals the Counties Manukau Cometz, under coach Ruth Aitken. In 2000, they transferred again, this time to the Northland-based Northern Force, where they continued playing until the end of the competition in 2007.
Silver Ferns debut
George was selected again for the Silver Ferns in 2000, and later that year made their debut against Australia. The next several years saw George make their mark on the international circuit and cement their position in the Silver Ferns midcourt. They missed out on the Silver Ferns team for the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, but the following year was named in the team for the 2003 World Netball Championships in Kingston, Jamaica. New Zealand progressed to the final of the tournament, which they contested with Australia. During the final, George was sent off for three goals, but the Silver Ferns eventually defeated Australia by 49–47 to win the tournament. Them performance also earned them the Albie Pryor Memorial Sports Person of the Year at the Māori Sports Awards. George won another gold medal three years later at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne.
Withdrawal in 2007
In the leadup to the 2007 World Netball Championships, Temepara George announced on 30 July that year that they were standing down from international netball. They moved to Townsville, Queensland to live with their then-partner, rugby league player Sione Faumuina, who had accepted a contract with the North Queensland Cowboys. George's absence from the Silver Ferns was widely believed to have decreased the team's chances at the upcoming World Championships in Auckland. New Zealand finished second at the 2007 World Championships, behind Australia.
With the start of a new netball competition in 2008, the ANZ Championship, replacing the National Bank Cup, Temepara George considered signing with the Queensland Firebirds while living in Queensland. They eventually turned down the Firebirds in favour of returning to New Zealand, and signed with the Auckland-based Northern Mystics franchise.
That same year, Temepara George was a contestant on the New Zealand version of Dancing with the Stars. George went on to win the 2008 show, partnered with Stefano Olivieri. In 2009 George appeared on the New Zealand travel program Intrepid Journeys, travelling to Darjeeling and Sikkim.
Return to international netball
In 2009, Temepara George announced their availability for the national team, and committed to playing with the Silver Ferns until at least the 2011 World Netball Championships. They were subsequently selected for the inaugural World Netball Series in Manchester, which the Silver Ferns won with a 32–27 victory over Jamaica in the final. George travelled to Delhi the following year for the 2010 Commonwealth Games, winning gold with the Silver Ferns after an epic 66–64 gold medal playoff against Australia. Injury forced them out of the side for the three-test series against England in early 2011. They recovered in time for the start of the 2011 ANZ Championship season. The Mystics had their best ever campaign in 2011, qualifying for their first finals series, before finishing runners-up in the grand final. George was recalled into the Silver Ferns for the 2011 World Championships in Singapore. The Silver Ferns progressed to the gold medal match against perennial rivals Australia, and in another overtime match New Zealand were defeated 58–57.
International retirement
After the World Championships, George confirmed that they are retiring from international netball at the age of 35, having played in 89 test matches for the Silver Ferns. They continue to captain the Northern Mystics in the ANZ Championship, and has played in every game for the Mystics since their inaugural season. Had George not retired, they would have become the acting captain for the Silver Ferns due to an injury to current captain, Casey Kopua (née Williams).
References
External links
2010 Northern Mystics profile: Temepara George
1975 births
Living people
New Zealand netball players
New Zealand international netball players
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for New Zealand
Netball players at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Netball players at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in netball
2003 World Netball Championships players
2011 World Netball Championships players
Northern Mystics players
ANZ Championship players
Northern Force players
Netball players from Auckland
Dancing with the Stars (New Zealand TV series) winners
New Zealand Māori netball players
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
New Zealand international Fast5 players
Northern Stars players
National Netball League (New Zealand) coaches
Conestoga College Institute of Technology and Advanced Learning is a public college located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada. Established in 1967, Conestoga serves approximately 23,000 registered students through campuses and training centres in Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge, Guelph, Stratford, Ingersoll and Brantford with an enrolment of 11,000 full-time students, 30,000 part-time students, and 3,300 apprenticeship students.
History
The college was founded in 1947 as the Conestoga College of Applied Arts and Technology, one of many such institutions established in that time by the Ontario government to grant diplomas and certificates in career-related, skills-oriented programs. It was renamed in 2012 when the government extended the school's reach, namely to grant degrees in technology-based fields.
Over the years, it has added programs such as the Master of Business Administration program, in cooperation with the University of Windsor. In addition, the college offers a new nursing curriculum leading to a Bachelor of Science in Nursing (B.Sc.N.) degree. Students accepted to Conestoga's Nursing Program take all four years of study at the Doon Campus in Kitchener. Graduates of the program will receive a degree from McMaster University.
Beginning in August 2003, two new programs began which would be the first to award a degree to students entirely through the college. These are the B.Eng. Mechanical Systems Engineering program, a fully accredited engineering program by Engineers Canada, and the B.A.Tech Architecture - Project and Facility Management In 2007 a third B.A. Tech in Integrated Telecommunication and Computer Technology degree program was added, targeting embedded system hardware and software design and manufacture. All three programs award a Bachelor of Applied Technology degree. At the beginning of 2005 a new Bachelor of Applied Health Sciences Degree in Health Informatics Management program was started in the School of Health Sciences, Community Services, and Biotechnology.
In 2006, the college purchased the former University Heights Secondary School in Waterloo for nearly $6,000,000, into which its Waterloo campus relocated later that year from 435 King Street North. The property is significantly larger than its former Waterloo campus, which the college will sell to cover the cost of the purchase.
Academic program
Conestoga has one, two, three, or four-year programs, as well as apprenticeship training programs. There are also many options available to students including four-year degrees in Mechanical Systems Engineering, Integrated Telecommunications and Computer Technology, Architecture, Health Informatics or the International Business Management degree which started in the fall of 2006. Conestoga also has several agreements with Ontario universities including Wilfrid Laurier University, University of Windsor, and McMaster University, as well as several other Canadian and international institutions.
Conestoga College has a variety of diploma programs, degree programs, and other academic programs taught by highly educated professors. Conestoga College has a number of women professors who teach courses, giving opportunities for both men and women to work as professors in the academic workforce.
Conestoga College offers a full-time program for students who wish to work in the field of Early Childhood Education, this diploma program has changed the way women are seen in the Early Learning and Care field. After graduating the two-year program, students are eligible to register to be members of the College of Early Childhood Educators, which allows them to pursue a job in that field. The program is also offered as part time, allowing students who aren't able to attend full-time to still have the opportunity to obtain an ECE diploma.
The Bachelors of Early Learning Program Development was introduced to Conestoga as a four-year degree program, ECE students who have successfully graduated have the opportunity to bridge into this degree program, allowing them to obtain their degree in only two years.
Conestoga College is committed to supporting parents and children, the Family Literacy Facilitation Program is a program that is designed to give students knowledge and skill to be able to successfully support their child's literacy skills. This program usually brings in mothers and child care students who wish to learn more about literacy.
Trades and apprenticeship
The college operates trades programs at the campuses in Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge and Guelph; training facilities are operated in Brantford and Ingersoll. The school's programs include Construction, Motive Power, Industrial and Service sectors, as well as Traditional Apprenticeship and, most recently, Pre-apprenticeship, offered in partnership with private enterprise companies. The college's president revealed a plan in late 2019 to consolidate all of the trades programs at one location in future, but the date of the move was not disclosed at that time.
Campuses
Doon Campus is the main campus for Conestoga College. It is located at the south end of Kitchener and houses the central administration offices as well as the majority of courses offered by the college. Regional campuses have select programs.
Doon Campus - Main Campus, 299 Doon Valley Drive, Kitchener, Ontario, N2G 4M4
Kitchener Downtown Campus, 25 Frederick Street, Kitchener, Ontario, N2H 6M8
Waterloo Campus, 108 University Avenue East, Waterloo, Ontario N2J 2W2
Cambridge Campus, 850 Fountain Street South, Cambridge, Ontario N3H 0A8
Guelph Campus, 460 Speedvale Avenue West, Guelph, Ontario N1H 6N6
Stratford Campus, 130 Youngs Street, Stratford, Ontario N5A 1J7
Brantford Campus, 50 Wellington Street, Brantford, Ontario N3T 2L6
Cambridge Downtown - Academic Upgrading, Suite 402, 150 Main Street, Cambridge, Ontario N1R 6P9
Ingersoll Skills Training Centre, 420 Thomas Street, Ingersoll, Ontario N5C 3J7
Planned Milton Campus
The town of Milton, Ontario and Wilfrid Laurier University had been working together since 2008 to develop the 150-acre campus in Milton within the planned Milton Education Village (MEV) on 150 acres of land donated by the town. The university subsequently partnered with Conestoga College which would also add a satellite campus at that location.
In April 2018, the Province announced a funding plan of $90 million for the project. Construction of the 150-acre campus was expected to conclude in Q3 of 2021; in the meantime, the college would offer courses in rented premises, commencing in September 2019.
In October 2018, however, the new provincial government (elected in June 2018) withdrew the funding before any construction had begun, citing a greater than expected provincial deficit. This effectively cancelled the plans for the joint project with Laurier. Mayor Gord Krantz said the town would explore alternatives for funding the Milton Education Village campus. A news release issued by the college said that it would continue working with Laurier, "the government, industry and community partners to develop a revised model for the cost-effective delivery of post-secondary education ... in Milton..."
Planned Cambridge expansion
The college decided to purchase 42 acres of land in this city in 2019, to relocate all of the trades programs (offered at various campuses) to Cambridge at a future date. Specifics were not immediately provided at the time of the announcement in late 2019.
Planned Guelph expansion
The college has operated a small campus in Guelph for some years, but in late 2019, it advised the news media that a major expansion was planned after the trades program was relocated to Cambridge. "Within five or six years, we will have at least 5,000 students there ... [with] full-service programming," said college President John Tibbits. At the time, the Guelph campus had approximately 1,000 students.
Other buildings
Recreation Centre
ATS Centre
Woodworking Centre of Ontario
Future
The School of Engineering and Information Technology was relocated, in 2011, to a new expansion of the Doon campus opposite the current facility across Highway 401. This City of Cambridge site will eventually hold of space.
Phase one of the new Cambridge Campus was finished and open for the start of the fall 2011 semester. This first 260,000 square-foot building is home to the School of Engineering and Information Technology, as well as to the Institute for Food Processing Technology. The Engineering facility has programs with a focus on advanced manufacturing, robotics, renewable energy, telecommunications, and information technology. The food processing industry is continuing to grow and this expansion will help fill a need for current and future skilled workers in this sector. The expansion has increased capacity by 2,350 additional full-time spaces and allowed for an additional 800 new spaces for apprentices.
In May 2019, a new downtown campus for the International Business program was announced to be opening at Kitchener's Market Square in January 2020. It will host 1,000 students to start.
Student Life Centre
Student media
88.3 CJIQ is the college's campus radio station. It is used as part of the Broadcasting: Radio course and Journalism program. Local radio DJ Jeremy James got their start at this station.
Spoke On-line is the web version of the official newspaper of Conestoga College. Student reporters in the Journalism programs contribute the news and editorial content of the paper, and are responsible for the production of the weekly publication.
519 Online News is an online newsroom in Waterloo Region staffed by students in the Videography-Broadcast Journalism/Documentary graduate program in the School of Media and Design.
Conestoga Connected is a weekly half-hour newsmagazine all about Conestoga College student programs, news, events, innovations, sports, life off-campus and alumni. It is created and produced by second-year Broadcast Television students.
Student sports
Conestoga College student sports teams are named the "Condors". They compete against varsity level teams. There are also intramural and extramural programs.
Student committees
In 2002 Conestoga College was given the ability to grant degrees to students. Shortly after that, the Student Degree Committee was formed. Students who are registered in four year degree programs may join the Degree Committee. Their participation contributes to their co-curricular record, and allows them to be a part of planning and hosting social events for all degree students in order to foster degree culture at Conestoga College. The Student Degree Committee is supervised by women staff from Conestoga College.
Student services
Conestoga College has a wide range of generations that attend classes. Some students attend right after graduating from high school and others attend at a much later time in their lives. Some are parents. The on-site Doon Childcare Centre offers programs for infants, toddlers, and preschoolers.
Conestoga offers multiple services/resources to help support families, such as food banks, counseling services, and medical services for students without a family doctor.
Conestoga College wants to ensure all students are feeling supported and safe on campus and in their home environments. A number of counseling services are offered, and a sexual violence and gender-based violence prevention program is available.
"A Place of New Beginnings" provides services for Aboriginal students at Conestoga College, including those who are First Nations (status and non-status), Métis and Inuit. It is a warm, welcoming and comfortable environment that assists students with a smooth transition to college life by providing ongoing student support.
On-campus jobs
A number of services offered at the college require employees, and an on-campus student hiring procedure allows students to work. A number of facilities at the college also provide job opportunities for the community.
Notable alumni
Vic Fedeli, advertising executive and Ontario politician
Will Ferguson, Ontario politician and Cabinet member
Barry Greenwald, whose 1975 student film Metamorphosis at Conestoga College won the Short Film Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival
Brenda Halloran, RN and Mayor of Waterloo
Brenda Irving, CBC Television sports journalist
Jonny Staub, radio and television personality
Elizabeth Wettlaufer, serial killer and former registered nurse
See also
Higher education in Ontario
List of colleges in Ontario
References
Conestoga College
External links
Educational institutions established in 1967
Colleges in Ontario
1967 establishments in Ontario
Morocco competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Morocco's medal haul was more than the total earned by Morocco's 2016 Olympic team who came away with one bronze medal, earned in men's football. They finished thirty third overall on the medal table.
The following Moroccan competitors won medals at the Games. In the 'by discipline' sections below, medalists' names are in bold.
Athletics
Men
Track
Field
Women
Track
Field
5-a-side football
Morocco qualified for the Paralympics after finishing second at the 2015 IBSA Blind Football African Championships in Douala, Cameroon. In the first round of group play, Morocco beat Egypt 3 - 0. The second round saw Morocco beat Senegal 3 - 0. This qualified them through first in their group, where they met Mali in the semi-final. They won that game 1 - 0. Morocco then met hosts Cameroon in the final, which Morocco won 2 - 0.
7th–8th place match
Paratriathlon
Powerlifting
See also
Morocco at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Moroccan sport
HMCS Mayflower was a that served mainly in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War but began their service with the Royal Navy. They saw action primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as an ocean escort. They were named after the flowering plant Maianthemum canadense.
Background
Flower-class corvettes like Mayflower serving with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War were different from earlier and more traditional sail-driven corvettes. The "corvette" designation was created by the French as a class of small warships; the Royal Navy borrowed the term for a period but discontinued its use in 1877. During the hurried preparations for war in the late 1930s, Winston Churchill reactivated the corvette class, needing a name for smaller ships used in an escort capacity, in this case based on a whaling ship design. The generic name "flower" was used to designate the class of these ships, which – in the Royal Navy – were named after flowering plants.
Construction
Mayflower was ordered 20 January 1940 for the Royal Navy as part of the 1939-1940 Flower-class building program. They were laid down on 20 February 1940 by Canadian Vickers Ltd. at Montreal and was launched on 3 July 1940. They were commissioned on 28 November 1940 and sailed to the United Kingdom in February 1941 for completion on the Tyne River in May. On 15 May 1941 Mayflower was one of ten corvettes loaned to Canada. They could be told apart from other Canadian Flowers by their lack of minesweeping gear and the siting of the after gun tub amidships.
During their career, Mayflower had three significant refits. The first took place at Charleston, South Carolina from 9 December 1941 until February 1942. Them second major refit took place from 29 October 1942 until 11 January 1943 at Pictou, Nova Scotia. Mayflowers final refit was done at Norfolk, Virginia from 29 November 1943 to 14 February 1944. During this refit, they had their fo'c'sle extended.
War service
Royal Navy
After workups, Mayflower had a brief period under Royal Navy command. They were assigned to escort group EG 4 before being transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy.
Royal Canadian Navy
After their transferral, Mayflower was assigned to Newfoundland Command in June 1941. With this force, they escorted convoys from St. John's to Iceland for the rest of the year with escort groups 19N and N16. In their first month with the group, they were escorting convoy SC 44 when one of the other escorts, was torpedoed. Mayflower evacuated all non-essential personnel from the derelict ship except for the damage-control party. On 2 October 1941, Mayflower picked up 35 survivors from the British tanker San Florentino that was torpedoed and sunk by the .
After returning from refit in early 1942, they were deployed as an ocean escort under Mid-Ocean Escort Force (MOEF) command on convoys between St. John's and Derry. They continued performing this duty until April 1944. Mayflower was initially assigned to escort group A-3 in April 1942, but was transferred to C-3 in February 1943.
In April 1944 they were assigned to Western Approaches Command to take part in Operation Neptune, the naval aspect of the invasion of Normandy. On 31 May 1944, they set out to escort the blockships from Oban, which would become part of the beachhead after D-day. After the invasion, Mayflower spent the rest of the war in the waters around the United Kingdom. They were returned to the Royal Navy 31 May 1945.
Trans-Atlantic convoys escorted
Post-war service
After their return to the Royal Navy, Mayflower was laid up at Grangemouth. They were sold for scrapping on 20 September 1949 and broken up at Inverkeithing.
References
Flower-class corvettes of the Royal Canadian Navy
Flower-class corvettes of the Royal Navy
1940 ships
Three Brothers Hill () is a conspicuous hill, 210 m, which is the remnant neck of an extinct volcano situated at the east side of Potter Cove, King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands. The name was used by Scottish geologist David Ferguson in a 1921 report based upon their investigations of King George Island in 1913–14, but may reflect an earlier naming by whalers. The name may be suggestive of the appearance of the feature which consists of two higher summits and one which is lower.
Landforms of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Hills of the South Shetland Islands
The Students' Society of McGill University (SSMU) is the accredited representative of the undergraduate student body at the downtown campus of McGill University.
Membership
The SSMU is composed of all undergraduate students studying in faculties based out of the Downtown Campus, with the exception of students enrolled in the Centre for Continuing Education. Students studying in the Faculty of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences at the Macdonald Campus are represented by the Macdonald Campus Students' Society (MCSS).
Governance
Council
SSMU Council is the legislative governing body of the Society. It is composed of elected representatives from the undergraduate student faculty associations, in addition to representatives from the First Year Council, McGill Varsity Council, Inter-Residence Council, clubs and services representatives (3) and student senator representatives (3). The SSMU Council is empowered to make all decisions on behalf of the Society and also ratifies the actions of the executive committee among other committees of council. Its meetings are held on alternating Thursdays in the Lev Bukhman Room in the William Shatner University Centre, at 6 pm from mid-September to April.
Executive
The SSMU Executive is elected by every undergraduate student at the Downtown Campus of McGill University in an election held every year around March or early April. The Executive is empowered to make decisions on behalf of the Society in between meetings of the Legislative Council. Executives take limited course loads and work full-time hours for the SSMU. The Students' Society President is automatically chosen as the Students' Society's representative on the University Board of Governors.
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is the SSMU's highest governing body, supervising the management and administering the business and affairs of the Society. It is composed of 12 voting Directors and a non-voting International Representative. Generally, four Directors are appointed to the Board from the SSMU Executive, 4 Directors are elected from the SSMU Legislative Council, and 4 Directors are appointed as Members-at-Large by the Board's Nominating Committee. The Board of Directors administers a number of the SSMU's policies, including its Conflict of Interest Policy, and ensures that the Executives are being held accountable to their fiduciary responsibilities.
General Assembly and Referendum
In addition to the SSMU Legislative Council and Executive Committee, a Fall and Winter general assembly and referendum period are held to adopt changes on behalf the society. General assemblies and referendums are open to the entire membership of the SSMU and referenda are the only mechanism for increasing student fees.
Representation
The society was a founding member of the Canadian Alliance of Students Associations which represented them federally until November 3, 2005 when the SSMU Council voted unanimously to withdraw their membership in CASA, citing CASA's inability to reform, and the absence of CASA from the nationwide 2005 campaign for a $4.9 Billion Dedicated Transfer for Post Secondary Education. Provincially the SSMU is not a member of any association or formal group. In a referendum vote ending November 8, 2006, the membership of SSMU voted to end its membership in the Fédération étudiante universitaire du Québec (FEUQ).
In November 2006, just over one year after leaving CASA, SSMU Council voted to take out prospective membership in the Canadian Federation of Students. After a full year of prospective membership, when a referendum on joining was meant to occur, other member locals of the Canadian Federation of Students voted against extending SSMU's prospective membership.
The SSMU is a founding member of the Table de concertation étudiante du Québec or Quebec Student Roundtable, a new provincial student group that is noted for its lack of membership fee or student levy.
Clubs and Services
The SSMU funds a variety of cultural, ethnic, academic, and social clubs and services. Of the over 200 clubs, dating back almost 100 years, the McGill Debating Union earns notoriety for some of its famous alumni, including singer and poet Leonard Cohen and author of the first draft of the Universal Declaration on Human Rights John Peters Humphrey. A sampling of the SSMU's services and clubs include Divest McGill, the Black Students' Network, Queer McGill, McGill First Aid Clinic, McGill Nightline, DriveSafe, TVMcGill, The Midnight Kitchen, and Players' Theatre.
In addition, the SSMU funds Elections McGill, the independent body that runs SSMU Executive and student Senator elections. Elections McGill was one of the first Campus election organizations in Canada to use an online voting system.
Building
The SSMU leases and runs events out of the William Shatner University Centre building, renamed after the Star Trek hero in 1992 by a referendum vote. As the Shatner building is leased by the SSMU and belongs to the University, the new name remains unrecognized and the building is referred to as the University Centre by McGill administrators. The Shatner building includes offices, a ballroom, cafeteria space, and Gerts, the SSMU's student-run bar. As of September 2018, the William Shatner University Centre building closed for renovations. SSMU offices are currently located at 3471 Peel Street and 680 Sherbrooke Street West.
History
SSMU was predated by the Alma Mater Society, which was in 1902-1903. The Society, however, had little responsibility and resources. SSMU was founded in 1908 by the McGill Debating Union. It was recognized as students' official representative body in the following year.
McGill University began its existence with the Faculty of Medicine in 1829 and the Faculty of Arts in 1843. However, not until the beginning of the 1900s was there an association on campus to provide representation and social events for students. Before this time there were no dances, no debating societies, and no government lobbying organizations. The demands for such an organization began to increase with the growth of student-led activities at the turn of the century.
In 1902-1903, the Alma Mater Society was born. Although it promoted activities and some publications, the Society had little responsibility and even less money. It was in 1908 that the Students' Society of McGill University was born. The following year, it was recognized as the single representative body for students at McGill.
The Society was first established in order to coordinate the undergraduate activities of the university. In the words of John T. Hackett, the first President of the Students' Society: "Like most new forms of Government its 'raison d'être' was found in abuses. The students had been brought into disrepute with the public. Their failure to meet their creditors in undergraduate enterprises, and their apparent acquiescence in the charges of vandalism which were periodically brought against them, rendered absolute the necessity of reform." The solution was the Students' Society and its executive body, the Students' Executive Council.
Although McGill University began to admit its first female students in 1884, women were not members of the SSMU until 1931. They had a parallel organization called the Women's Union. In 1965, SSMU had its first female president; Sharon Sholzberg.
Following the founding congress of UGEQ in November 1964, the SSMU executive voted to leave the Canadian Union of Students and join UGEQ in late 1965. Two referendums to join UGEQ were defeated over the 1965-66 university year. In early 1967, SSMU finally joined UGEQ in a successful referendum. The move was deemed controversial among some English Canadians who saw UGEQ as a radical, separatist student union. The 1966-67 CUS President, Doug Ward, encouraged McGill students to join UGEQ since CUS no longer had any other members in Quebec.
The SSMU grew and evolved after its inception. Its role expanded to include several clubs, to offer services, and to care for the University Centre (consisting at the time of a pub and a cafeteria). As enrollment increased throughout the century, so did students' demands. The association took steps to ensure its effectiveness. This included enlarging its Executive Council and creating new positions for students. As social issues on campus became more important and more complex, the SSMU demanded the right to represent students to the university administration. After many student protests, it finally got the opportunity to do so in 1968, by obtaining seats on the Board of Governors and the Senate.
Name Change
On October 21, 2010, at a bi-annual General Assembly, members of the SSMU voted to refer to the SSMU as the "Students' Society of the Educational Institute Roughly Bounded by Peel, Penfield, University, Sherbrooke and Mac Campus" or "SSTEIRBBPPUSAMC" for short. This name change was a satirical response to administrative pressures regarding the usage of "McGill University" in the title of student clubs and services due to liability concerns (e.g., TV McGill).
Controversies
2006 Blood Drive Controversy
On November 2, 2006, SSMU decided to not allow blood drives to be held on their property due to the belief that Héma-Québec's lifetime ban against donations from men who have had sex with other men is in violation of the Student Society's constitution . In the Winter 2007 referendum period, students voted on whether or not to uphold the ban on blood drives. However, before the results could be announced, the Judicial Board (the appellate body of SSMU) issued an injunction sealing the results until they could rule on the constitutionality of the question being asked. The Judicial Board subsequently ruled that blood drives were unconstitutional, nullifying the results of the unsealed referendum. The unsealed referendum revealed more than two-thirds of students supported holding blood drives in the student building.
Choose Life club exclusion
The Students' Society Legislative Council narrowly passed a two-thirds secret ballot motion 16-7 in November 2009, setting a precedent and suspending the club status of controversial SSMU club Choose Life. The motion was the second of two Choose Life-related motions put forward that evening, the first of which, had it not failed, would have revoked Choose Life's club status entirely.
'Farnan-gate' Controversy
In October 2013, Brian Farnan, then the VP of Internal Affairs for SSMU, sent out a weekly listserv email which included a doctored GIF image of US President Barack Obama kicking down a door with the caption "honestly midterms, get out of here." Subsequently, an anonymous complaint was filed with SSMU's equity commission, and Farnan was compelled to publicly apologize for purportedly carrying out the microaggression of perpetuating negative African-American stereotypes. Backlash manifested itself both on campus and beyond as a result of the apology, which gained the attention of national media and was dubbed 'Farnan-gate' by campus media. SSMU's equity policy was heavily criticized and placed under review as a result. In March 2014, SSMU moved to officially rescind its motion mandating Farnan's apology, releasing a statement which acknowledged the "unnecessary and excessively punitive" perception of the apology and stated it had "trivialized racism."
Criticism of Academic Freedom
On November 20, 2020, SSMU published an open letter demanding that McGill overhaul its policy on academic freedom. The letter said that the policy was endangering people of colour and that what speech is acceptable is decided by "the power of whiteness." Several McGill faculties responded in a letter to the Montreal Gazette, noting that students had cultivated a culture of fear at McGill among faculty since allegations of harm, hate, racism and sexism have been leveraged to justify silencing instructors, the retraction of published works, or defamation campaigns. The respondents suggested students use their platform to argue against views they disagree with instead of demanding they be silenced. SSMU's demand that academic freedom be "overhauled" was criticized in the Canadian and international press.
See also
List of Quebec students' associations
McGill Martlets
McGill Redbirds
References
External links
Union for Gender Empowerment Web Site
McGill First Year Committee of Council (FYCC)
McGill Daily
McGill Tribune
TVMcGill
University Site
McGill University
McGill
Quebec students' associations
Student government
Pavel Aleksandrovich Sudarikov (; born 24 October 1972 in Lyubertsy) is a former Russian football player.
Their older brother Aleksei Sudarikov also was a footballer.
References
1972 births
People from Lyubertsy
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC FShM Torpedo Moscow players
Russian footballers
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
Russian Premier League players
FC Asmaral Moscow players
FC Moscow players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Summit Lake is an unincorporated community in the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located north of the City of Prince George on the John Hart Highway at the lake of the same name. The community of McLeod Lake (Fort McLeod) is a few miles farther to the north. Summit Lake is situated at the divide between the Fraser and Peace) and so is at the divide between the Pacific and Arctic drainages. As such, it is also the location of the prominence col for Mount Orizaba, in relation to Denali, meaning also that it is one of the lowest locations along the Continental Divide of North America north of Mexico (elevation 710 m (2329 ft).
References
Unincorporated settlements in British Columbia
Great Divide of North America
Zakaria Zouggary (born June 6, 1995 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch-Moroccan kickboxer who competes in the featherweight division. A professional competitor since 2013, they are currently signed with Glory, and has formerly competed for RISE, Shoot Boxing and Enfusion.
They were a top 10 ranked Featherweight by LiverKick from March 2015 to March 2016.
They were the #1 ranked featherweight contender in Glory as of 4 May 2020.
Kickboxing career
Shoot Boxing
Zouggary made their professional debut in September 2013, during Dangerzone, when they faced Noah Apituley. They won the bout by KO. Their second fight was during GP EAGLES Fight, when we won a decision over Renita Stanislav.
These two wins earned them the notice of Shoot Boxing. They fought Hiroaki Suzuki at their debut with the organization, and lost a unanimous decision. Zouggary would then enter the 2014 S-Cup World Featherweight Tournament and score KO wins over Bovy Sor Udomson and Houcine Bennoui. In the final match of the tournament they fought Hiroaki Suzuki in a rematch. They lost once more, this time by TKO.
Zakaria bounced back with a decision wins over Hiroki Shishido, a TKO win over Yuki and a decision win over Chuchai Hadesworkout. These three wins led them to a third fight with Hiroaki Suzuki. Zakaria avenged their previous two losses with a decision win.
Following that, Zakaria lost to Koji Yoshimoto by TKO. Their TKO wins over Yosuke Mizuochi and UMA earned them the right to participate in the 2016 S-Cup World Featherweight Tournament. They beat Hiroto Yamaguchi in the quarterfinal and Taplon Hadesworkout in the semifinals, before defeating MASAYA by TKO to win the tournament.
After their title win they faced Ilias Bulaid for the Enfusion -67 kg Championship, but suffered a decision loss. They would beat Kaito before being signed with Glory.
GLORY
In their debut with the organization Zakaria beat Yetkin Özkul. In their second fight they defeated Massaro Glunder.
In their third fight with the organization they suffered a head kick KO to the future featherweight champion Petpanomrung Kiatmuu9.
Zouggary bounced back with a win over Bailey Sugden, before dropping a decision to Aleksei Ulianov. They have since gone on a two fight winning streak, with wins over Abdellah Ezbiri and Asa Ten Pow.
Titles and accomplishments
Shootboxing
2016 S-Cup -65 kg World Tournament Champion
Fight record
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-12-21|| Win||align=left| Asa Ten Pow || Glory Collision 2 || Arnhem, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-10-26|| Win ||align=left| Abdellah Ezbiri || Glory 70: Lyon || Lyon, France || KO (Punches) || 1 || 2:25
|- style="background:#FFBBBB"
| 2018-09-29|| Loss ||align=left| Aleksei Ulianov || Glory 59: Amsterdam || Amsterdam, Netherlands || Decision (Uannimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-03-31|| Win ||align=left| Bailey Sugden || Glory 52: Los Angeles || Los Angeles, United States || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#FFBBBB"
| 2017-12-09 || Loss ||align=left| Petpanomrung Kiatmuu9 || Glory 49: Rotterdam || Rotterdam, Netherlands || KO (Head Kick) || 3 || 2:10
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-09-30 || Win ||align=left| Massaro Glunder || Glory 45: Amsterdam || Amsterdam, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-05-20 || Win ||align=left| Yetkin Özkul || Glory 41: Holland || Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-04-08 || Win || align=left| Kaito || SHOOT BOXING 2017 act.2 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2017-02-18|| Loss ||align=left| Ilias Bulaid || Enfusion Live 46 || Eindhoven, Netherlands || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-11-11 || Win || align=left| MASAYA || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2016, Final || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (3 Knockdowns)|| 2 || 1:14
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-11-11 || Win || align=left| Tapruwan Hadesworkout || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2016, Semi FInal || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-11-11 || Win || align=left| Hiroto Yamaguchi || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2016, Quarter FInal || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (2 Knockdowns)|| 1 || 1:27
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-09-19 || Win || align=left| UMA || SHOOT BOXING 2016 act.4 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Croner Stoppage) || 2 || 2:52
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-08-04 || Win || align=left| Wang Zhiwei || Wu Lin Feng 2016: WFL x Fight League - China vs Morocco || Tangier, Morocco || TKO (Corner Stoppage) || 3 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-03-12|| Win ||align=left| Yosuke Mizuochi || NO KICK NO LIFE 2016 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO || 5 || 2:28
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2016-01-31|| Loss ||align=left| Koji Yoshimoto || RISE 109 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Knee to the body) || 3 || 1:58
|-
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2015-12-01|| Win ||align=left| Hiroaki Suzuki || 30th ANNIVERSARY “GROUND ZERO TOKYO 2015” || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2015-06-21|| Win ||align=left| Chuchai Hadesworkout || SHOOT BOXING 2015～SB30th Anniversary～ act.3 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2015-05-31 || Win || align=left| Yuki || RISE 105 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Flying Knee) || 2 || 2:04
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2015-02-21|| Win || align=left| Hiroki Shishido || SHOOT BOXING 2015～SB30th Anniversary～ act.1 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2014-11-30|| Loss ||align=left| Hiroaki Suzuki || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2014, Final || Tokyo, Japan || 2nd Ext.R TKO (Punches) || 5 || 2:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-11-30|| Win ||align=left| Houcine Bennoui || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2014, Semi FInal || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Right Hook) || 2 || 2:54
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-11-30|| Win ||align=left| Bovy Sor Udomson || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2014, Quarter FInal || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Doctor Stoppage) || 2 || 0:20
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2014-04-13|| Loss || align=left| Hiroaki Suzuki || SHOOT BOXING in TOYOKAWA UNCHAIN.1 || Aichi, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2013-12-14|| Win || align=left| Renita Stanislav || KOK WORLD SERIES 2013 || Moldova || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2013-09|| Win || align=left| Noah Apituley || Dangerzone || Netherlands || KO || ||
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend''':
References
1995 births
Living people
Dutch male kickboxers
Dutch sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Moroccan male kickboxers
Dékon is a neighborhood of Lomé, Togo. Although it's one of the business areas of the city (containing many Internet cafés), it is also one of the poorest areas, in which child prostitution is common.
References
Neighborhoods of Lomé
Abd an-Nabi Abd al-Qadir Mursal ( ;1918–1962) was a Sudanese poet and politician of Shilluk origin. Their father was Shilluk and their mother Egyptian. They served as an army officer and government official. They were an Arabic-language poet.
They were a contributor to the Cairo literary weekly Al-Fajr. In 1937 they founded the Black Hand Society in Cairo, a first attempt to Black identity politics. However the Black Hand Society failed to gain traction as a political movement.
When the Black Bloc (a political organization striving to protect the interests of Black Sudanese) was formed in Omdurman in 1948, they became general secretary of the organization. They were one of the most prominent personalities of the Black Bloc in Wad Madani. In the 1953 legislative election they were elected to the House of Representatives from the Malakal and Renk constituency as a National Unionist Party candidate. They were appointed to the National Constitutional Commission.
References
1918 births
1962 deaths
Members of the Sudanese House of Representatives, elected in 1953
Politicians of Luo descent
Khachik may refer to:
Khatchik (disambiguation), a given name
Khachik, Armenia, a town
Khachik, Iran, a village
Folk Dranouter is a yearly folk festival spanning four days at the beginning of August in the Belgian village Dranouter. Since 2005, a second, smaller festival, Dranouter aan zee (Dranouter at sea) is organised in De Panne on the beach near the end of April.
History
Created in 1975 by the people of the youth club "De Zon", the first festival showed eight groups on one day with the Albion Morris Men as headliners, and had some 300 visitors. By 1977, the festival had specialized in folk music and got some 1,000 visitors. After a few more years of growth, the festival reached a stable audience of three- to five thousand visitors throughout the 1980s.
From the end of the 1980s on, the festival started programming other genres like world music (with Miriam Makeba in 1989) and singer-songwriters (with Billy Bragg in 1988), and included some more well-known names. The audience increased to some 45,000 people in 1995 and 65,000 in 1997.
In 1997 and 1998, Dranouter won the ZAMU award for best musical event.
Folk museum
In the wake of the festival, a museum of folk music also opened in Dranouter.
Artists
Famous artists who performed in Dranouter over the years include:
1975–1987
Derroll Adams (1976, 1981, 1991)
Wannes Van de Velde (1977, 1979, 1982, 1987, 1996)
Dick Gaughan (1979)
Paddy Glackin (1982)
Fairport Convention (1983, 1993, 2000)
The Chieftains (1983, 1997, 2000, 2009)
Alan Stivell (1983, 1989, 1994, 2000, 2004)
The Dubliners (1984, 1991)
Brenda Wootton (1985)
Ossian (1985)
Zachary Richard (1985)
Kate & Anna McGarrigle (1986, 1995)
Flaco Jiménez (1986)
John Prine (1987)
Steeleye Span (1987, 1994, 1999)
1988
Mary Coughlan & Band
Ralph McTell
Billy Bragg (also 1993, 2008, 2014)
Malicorne
Rory McLeod (also 1994) & Kathryn Tickell
Dónal Lunny (also 1998) & Liam O'Flynn
1989
Miriam Makeba
Richard Thompson (also 1992, 2000, 2009, 2014)
Alan Stivell
Soldat Louis
Värttinä
1990
Donovan
Johannes Kerkorrel (also 1997, 2002)
June Tabor
Luka Bloom (also 1994, 2006, 2011)
Rory Block
1991
Dan Ar Braz
Melanie (also 1995)
Suzanne Vega (also 1997, 2002, 2008)
1992
Christy Moore (also 1994, 2005)
Geoffrey Oryema
Kirsty MacColl
Les Négresses Vertes (also 2007)
Marianne Faithfull (also 2005)
Pentangle
Värttinä (also 1997, 2002, 2008)
Zap Mama (also 1995, 2006)
1993
Altan (also 1997, 2007)
Cesária Évora
Indigo Girls (also 2002)
Loreena McKennitt (also 2008)
Michelle Shocked
Mikis Theodorakis
The Pogues (also 2010)
1994
Lloyd Cole
Joan Baez
Guo Yue
Eleanor McEvoy
Angelo Branduardi
Khaled
1995
Ry Cooder & David Lindley (with Joachim Cooder and Rosanna Lindley) (USA)
Los Lobos (USA)
Kate & Anna McGarrigle (Canada)
Melanie (USA)
Zap Mama (Zaire)
Mary Black (Ireland)
Shawn Colvin (USA)
Songhai (Mali/Spain/Great Britain)
Giora Feidman (USA)
Gabriel Yacoub (France)
Shane MacGowan and The Popes (Great Britain)
Taraf de Haïdouks (Romania)
Khadja Nin (Burundi)
Jo Lemaire (Belgium)
The Equation (Great Britain)
Cordelia's Dad (USA)
JPP (Finland)
1996
Elvis Costello
Emmylou Harris (also 2006)
Yannis Markopoulos (also 2004)
Clannad
Cowboy Junkies
Maria McKee
Janis Ian
Huun-Huur-Tu (also 2003)
Cassandra Wilson
The Corrs
Ani di Franco
1997
Sinéad O'Connor (also 2007)
The Levellers (also 1999, 2003, 2007)
Noa
Axelle Red (also 2000, 2007)
Mari Boine
Hedningarna
Davy Spillane
Afro Celt Sound System (also 1999)
Beth Orton (also 1998, 2003)
1998
Ali Farka Touré
Kodo
Heather Nova
Patti Smith
Dulce Pontes
Van Morrison
Martha Wainwright (also 2008)
Donal Lunny
Lunasa
The Nits
1999
I Muvrini
Nick Cave
Baaba Maal
Rubén González
James Taylor
John Hiatt
Värttinä
Kepa Junkera
Afro Celt Sound System
Shooglenifty
2000
Mediæval Bæbes
16 Horsepower
Lou Reed (also 2005)
Robert Plant
2001
Novastar (also 2005, 2009, 2014)
Paul Weller
Youssou N'Dour
Capercaillie
The Waterboys
Neil Finn
Luar na Lubre
Admiral Freebee (also 2003, 2007)
Flip Kowlier (also 2003, 2005, 2009, 2014)
Maddy Prior
2002
Patti Smith
Ray Davies
Buena Vista Social Club (also 2005)
Femi Kuti
Hothouse Flowers
2003
Hooverphonic (also 2006)
Gotan Project
Linda Thompson
Daniel Lanois
Arno (also 2007)
Elliott Murphy
Gabriel Ríos (also 2006, 2008, 2014)
2004
Starsailor (also 2007)
Calexico
Goran Bregović
Moya Brennan
The Skatalites
Under byen
Daan (also 2006, 2010)
2005
Yann Tiersen
Jah Wobble
The Proclaimers
Lou Reed
2006
Ed Harcourt
John Cale
Lambchop
Jamie Cullum
John Parish
2007
Isobel Campbell
Mark Lanegan
Lisa Germano
2008
Tori Amos
Howe Gelb
2009
K's Choice
Travis
CocoRosie
Flogging Molly
Milow
Iva Bittová
2010
Tom McRae
Nouvelle Vague
Paolo Conte
Absynthe Minded
Staff Benda Bilili
Vaya Con Dios
La Bottine Souriante
James Walsh
Anouk
Tindersticks
dEUS
Joan as Police Woman
Carolina Chocolate Drops
Harper Simon
Solomon Burke & The Souls Alive Orchestra with Special Guest Joss Stone
References
External links
Folk music centre Dranouter
Music festivals established in 1975
Folk festivals in Belgium
Heuvelland
Summer events in Belgium
Kouva is a village in Pudasjärvi, Finland. Year 2004, Kouva had 47 inhabitants. A smaller village, with the name Jäkälavaara is located just from Kouva. Kouva is also close to the Syöte National Park. Kouva is located close to a small lake.
Pudasjärvi
Villages in Finland
Geoffrey II, surnamed Jordan, was the lord of Preuilly from 1067 (as Geoffrey III) and count of Vendôme from 1085, the son of Geoffrey II of Preuilly and Almodis of Blois.
When their brother-in-law Bouchard III died, they inherited Vendôme. They took part in the war between the brothers, the counts of Anjou, Geoffrey III and Fulk IV. They originally supported Fulk, but reversed their allegiance and was imprisoned by Lancelin de Beaugency only to be released in 1090 with a ransom.
They followed their predecessors into conflict with the Trinity Abbey, Vendôme and was excommunicated. In penitence, they took part in the Crusade of 1101 as part of the army of William IX and died in 1102 a prisoner in Arab hands following the siege of Ascalon.
With their wife, Euphrosine, sister of Bouchard IV, they had three sons:
, who succeeded in Vendôme
Escivard, who succeeded in Preuilly
Engelbaud (1062–1115), Archbishop of Tours
Geoffrey had donated a church to the abbey of La Trinité of Vendôme which Euphrosyne took back after their death. They were later forced to return the church and excommunicated.
Sources
Comtes de Vendôme (Seigneurs de Preuilly) (archive)
Prof. J. S. C. Riley-Smith, Prof, Jonathan Phillips, Dr. Alan V. Murray, Dr. Guy Perry, Dr. Nicholas Morton, A Database of Crusaders to the Holy Land, 1099-1149 (available on-line)
References
1102 deaths
Counts of Vendôme
People temporarily excommunicated by the Catholic Church
Christians of the First Crusade
Year of birth unknown
Ohlsdorf Cemetery ( or (former) ) in the Ohlsdorf quarter of the city of Hamburg, Germany, is the biggest rural cemetery in the world and the fourth-largest cemetery in the world. Most of the people buried at the cemetery are civilians, but there is also a large number of victims of war from various nations. The cemetery notably includes the Old Hamburg Memorial Cemetery (Althamburgischer Gedächtnisfriedhof, formerly Ehrenfriedhof) with the graves of many notable Hamburg citizens.
History and description
In 1877 the Ohlsdorf Cemetery was established as a non-denominational and multi-regional burial site outside of Hamburg.
The cemetery has an area of with 12 chapels, over 1.5 million burials in more than 280,000 burial sites and streets with a length of . There are 4 entrances for vehicles and public transport is provided with 25 bus stops of two bus lines of the Hamburger Verkehrsverbund. The cemetery is not only used as a burial ground, but also as a recreational area and tourist attraction. With its impressive mausoleums, rhododendron bushes, its ponds and birds, sculptures and funerary museum, about two million people from all over the world visit the cemetery every year.
About 40% of all burials in Hamburg take place in Ohlsdorf Cemetery; in 2002 there were 1600 interments and 4300 urn burials. Two hundred thirty gardeners take care of graves and all facilities.
Hamburg Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery
One of four permanent Commonwealth cemeteries in Germany, the Hamburg Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery is located near chapel 12 (Kapelle 12) of the Ohlsdorf Cemetery.
During World War I over 400 Allied prisoners-of-war who died in German captivity were buried here, as well as sailors whose bodies had been washed ashore on the Frisian Islands. In 1923 the remains of British Commonwealth servicemen from 120 burial grounds in north-western Germany were brought to Hamburg. Further deceased Commonwealth soldiers of World War II and of the post-war period were buried here too.
Memorials for the victims of Nazism
There are six memorial sites for the victims of the Nazi era, the "Monument for the Victims of Nazi Persecution" (); the monument, "Passage over the River Styx" () for the victims of the Hamburg firestorm; the "Memorial Grove for the Hamburg Resistance Fighters", which includes a memorial erected on the initiative of the Sophie Scholl Foundation, the "Ehrenfeld Hamburg Resistance Fighters"; the "Cemetery for Foreign Victims", erected in 1977 to honor the victims of Nazi concentration camps and forced labor; and the ("memory spiral") erected in 2001 in the "Garden of Women", as a memorial for the female victims and opponents of the Nazi regime. An additional memorial site was erected in 1951 at the nearby Jewish cemetery, Ilandkoppel, the "Monument for the Murdered Hamburg Jews".
Memorial for the victims of Nazi persecution
The "Monument for the Victims of Nazi Persecution" lies across from the "new crematorium". Erected in 1949, it has a stele with a marble slab lying in front, engraved with the names of 25 concentration camps. The adjacent graveyard has 105 above-ground urns and 29 buried ones containing the ashes of victims and German concentration camp soil. This memorial evolved from what was established there during a week-long remembrance in November 1945.
Monument for the victims of the Hamburg firestorm
The remains of some 38,000 victims of Operation Gomorrha, the bombing campaign that took place from July 24 to August 3, 1943, lie in a cross-shaped, landscaped mass grave. In 1952, a monument by Gerhard Marcks called "Passage over the River Styx" was erected in the middle of the site.
Memorial grove for the Hamburg Resistance fighters
To the right of the main entrance on Bergstraße, is the memorial grove for the Resistance fighters from Hamburg, 1933–1945. Located here since September 8, 1946, this memorial is the burial site for 55 anti-fascists who were either executed by the Nazis or died in custody. A bronze sculpture, created in 1953 by Hamburg sculptor Richard Steffen (1903–1964), stands at the entrance to the grove. A stone wall borders the grove, on which are the words of the Czech Resistance fighter and journalist, Julius Fučík, executed in 1943, "Mankind, we loved you — be vigilant".
Cemetery museum
Individuals with a strong interest in preserving the Ohlsdorf cemetery formed the (Society for the Promotion of the Ohlsdorf Cemetery), and opened the (Museum of the Ohlsdorf Cemetery). The museum is dedicated to raising public interest for the Ohlsdorf cemetery, and for promoting historical and contemporary funeral culture. The collection in the museum, on display since 1996, focuses mainly on the history of Hamburg's cemetery culture. Since the Ohlsdorfer cemetery was opened in 1877 as the first American-style park cemetery in Germany, it is of significant importance to the European cemetery culture. The museum has old maps and tools, as well as urns and some of the cemetery's oldest tombstones.
Notable burial sites
Part of the cemetery are three plots of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC), which were used as burial sites for British Commonwealth and Allied servicemen of both World Wars. There are more than 2473 identified casualties commemorated by the CWGC.
Notable burials
Notable people buried at Ohlsdorf include the following:
Anny Ahlers (1907–1933), opera singer
Hans Albers (1891–1960), actor
Wilhelm Amsinck (1752–1831), mayor of Hamburg
Albert Ballin (1857-1918), German shipping magnate
Monica Bleibtreu (1944–2009), Austrian born actor
Hermann Blohm (1848-1930), German shipbuilder
Hertha Borchert (1895–1985), actor
Wolfgang Borchert (1921–1947), author and playwright
Hans von Bülow (1830–1894), conductor, pianist and composer
C. W. Ceram (1915–1972), journalist and author
Wilhelm Cuno (1876–1933), German chancellor
Ida Ehre (1900–1989), actor
Neville Elliott-Cooper (1889–1918), World War I recipient of the Victoria Cross
Heinz Erhardt (1909–1979), actor and comedian
Renate Ewert (1936–1966), actor
Jan Fedder (1955–2019), actor
Willy Fritsch (1901–1973), silent-film era actor
Helmut Griem (1932–2004), actor
Gustaf Gründgens (1899–1963), actor
Carl Hagenbeck (1844–1913), merchant of wild animals and inventor of the modern zoo
Albert Hehn (1908–1983), actor
Gustav Hertz (1887–1975), physicist and Nobel Prize winner
Heinrich Hertz (1857–1894), physicist
Michael Jary (1906–1988), composer
Carlo Karges (1951–2002), songwriter and guitarist
Wolfgang Kieling (1924–1985), actor
Christian Graf von Krockow (1927–2002), writer and political scientist
Richard Kuöhl (1880–1961), sculptor
James Last (1929-2015), composer and big band leader
Alfred Lichtwark (1852–1914), art historian, museum curator, and art educator
Hanns Lothar (1929–1967), film actor
Felix von Luckner (1881–1966), navy officer and author
Lev Lunts 1901–1924), Russian born Jewish writer
Willy Maertens (1893–1967), actor and stage director
Harry Meyen (1924–1979), film actor
Inge Meysel (1910–2004), actor
Johann Georg Mönckeberg (1839–1908), mayor
Emil Naucke (1855–1900), strong man, circus and burlesque performer
Domenica Niehoff (1945–2009), prostitute and activist
Richard Ohnsorg (1876–1947), stage director
Kurt Raab (1941–1988), actor, screenwriter and playwright
Norbert Rohringer (1927–2009), Austrian child actor
Philipp Otto Runge (1777–1810), painter
Helmut Schmidt (1918–2015), senator, minister, between 1974 and 1982 chancellor of West Germany, since 1983 publisher of Die Zeit
Loki Schmidt (1919–2010), wife of former chancellor Helmut Schmidt
Fritz Schumacher (1869–1947), architect
Kurt Sieveking (1897–1986), mayor of Hamburg
Henry Vahl (1897–1977), actor
Werner Veigel (1928–1995), television journalist
Ernst Voss (1842-1920), German shipbuilder
James Allen Ward (1919–1941), New Zealand airman and Victoria Cross recipient
Herbert Weichmann (1896–1983), first mayor of Hamburg
Hilde Weissner (1909–1987), actor
Lawrence Winters (1915–1965), opera singer
Carolin Wosnitza (1987–2011), pornographic actor
Helmut Zacharias (1920–2002), violinist
See also
Ohlsdorf Jewish Cemetery, nearby
References
Further reading
External links
Hamburger Friedhöfe
Significant cemeteries
Cemeteries in Hamburg
Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries in Germany
Geography of Hamburg
World War I cemeteries in Germany
World War II memorials in Germany
World War II cemeteries in Germany
Museums in Hamburg
Tourist attractions in Hamburg
Burial sites of the House of Cirksena
Rural cemeteries
"Love You More" is a song by American singer Ginuwine. It was co-written by Casino Joe, Brandon Howard, and James Smith for their fourth studio album The Senior (2003), while production on the track overseen by the former. Released by Epic Records as the album's fourth and final in March 2004, it peaked at number 28 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
Track listing
Charts
References
Ginuwine songs
2003 singles
Songs written by Ginuwine
Halcrow may refer to:
William Halcrow (1883–1958), English civil engineer
Halcrow Group, an engineering consultancy
Halcrow, Manitoba
Halcrow railway station, a flag stop in Halcrow, Manitoba, Canada, on Via Rail's Winnipeg–Churchill line
Helen Halcrow, later Helen Morgan, British politician elected 2021
Hiro may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Hiro (film), a Canadian short film
Hiro (TV channel), an Italian channel
"Hiro's Song", by Ben Folds
"Yuko and Hiro", a Blur song
"Letter from Hiro", a song by The Vapors, off New Clear Days
Hiro the main character of darling in the franxx
People
Hiro (given name)
Hiro (photographer) (1930–2021), American photographer
Kazu Hiro (born 1969), American prosthetic makeup artist
Hiroshi "Hiro" Kawaguchi (composer) (born 1965), Japanese composer
Other uses
Hiro Naval Arsenal at Kure, Hiroshima
Hiroshima, a city in Japan
Hiro (unit) a Japanese unit of length, 1.8 m (a fathom)
See also
Hiros (TV episode) 2008 season 1 episode 5 of the NBC fantasy-sci-fi TV series Heroes
HiROS (High Resolution Optical System) German spy satellite
Hero (disambiguation)
Hiroo (disambiguation)
Hirohi
The Boston mayoral election of 1951 occurred on Tuesday, November 6, 1951, between Mayor of Boston John B. Hynes and former Mayor James Michael Curley. Hynes was elected to their second term.
This was the first Boston mayoral race with a preliminary election, which was held on Tuesday, September 25, 1951. In November 1949, voters had approved changing the structure of future mayoral contests to include a preliminary election, non-partisan in nature, to select two final candidates in advance of each general election, which would remain non-partisan. It also shifted the years in which elections would be held. The first such election had been set for 1951, meaning that Hynes' previous term was only two years in duration.
Inaugural exercises were held Monday, January 7, 1952.
Candidates
James Michael Curley, Mayor of Boston from 1914 to 1918, 1922 to 1926, 1930 to 1934, 1946 to 1950. Member of the United States House of Representatives from 1913 to 1914 and from 1943 to 1947. Governor of Massachusetts from 1935 to 1937. Member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1902–1903.
John B. Hynes, Mayor of Boston, Massachusetts since 1950, Acting Mayor in 1947.
Candidates eliminated in preliminary
Thomas J. O'Brien, resident of Roxbury.
Joseph F. Timilty, Boston Police Commissioner from 1936 to 1943.
Results
See also
List of mayors of Boston, Massachusetts
References
Boston mayoral
Boston
Mayoral elections in Boston
Non-partisan elections
1950s in Boston
The rusty-collared seedeater (Sporophila collaris) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae, formerly placed in the related Emberizidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest.
The rusty-collared seedeater was included by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon in 1775 in their Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux. The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon's text. Neither the plate caption nor Buffon's description included a scientific name but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Loxia collaris in their catalogue of the Planches Enluminées. Buffon mistaken believed that their specimen had come from Angola. In 1904 the Austrian ornithologist Carl Eduard Hellmayr designated the type location as Rio de Janeiro in Brazil. The rusty-collared seedeater is now placed in the genus Sporophila that was introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1844. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek meaning "seed" and meaning "-loving". The specific collaris is Latin for "of the neck".
Three subspecies are recognised:
S. c. ochrascen Hellmayr, 1904 – Bolivia to south-central Brazil
S. c. collaris (Boddaert, 1783) – east Brazil
S. c. melanocephala (Vieillot, 1817) – southwest Brazil, Paraguay and north Argentina, also southeast Brazil and Uruguay
References
rusty-collared seedeater
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
rusty-collared seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
WRBS-FM (95.1 MHz, "BRIGHT-FM") is a radio station in Baltimore, Maryland, serving the Baltimore metropolitan area. The station broadcasts a contemporary Christian radio format and is owned by Peter & John Radio Fellowship, Inc.
WRBS-FM has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 50,000 watts, the maximum permitted for non-grandfathered FM stations in this region. Its studios and transmitter are co-located off Commerce Drive near Interstate 95 in Halethorpe, Maryland, using a Baltimore address. WRBS-FM broadcasts using HD Radio technology. The HD2 digital subchannel carries an alternate Christian Contemporary format known as "Positive Hits." The HD3 subchannel rebroadcasts the Christian talk and teaching programs heard on co-owned WRBS (1230 AM).
History
Peter & John Fellowship
In 1948, three young ministers Peter and John Bisset, and Paul Plack, created "The Peter, Paul and John Broadcast" to reach non-church goers during the week on WFBR (1300 AM), then one of Baltimore's most popular radio stations. The Bisset's were the youngest of five brothers whose family had emigrated from Scotland. Paul Plack was a singer who had met the brothers during their evangelistic tours.
Paul left the broadcast in 1952, and the program was renamed "The Peter and John Broadcast." The brothers continued to host the show until Peter's sudden death of a heart attack in 1995.
WRBS early years
On June 30, 1960, the station first signed on the air. It was owned by John B. Reynolds, who served as the general manager and commercial manager. The call sign WRBS was chosen to represent Reynolds Broadcasting Service.
At the time, it carried a classical music format, when few people owned FM receivers. It didn't have an FM suffix because Reynolds did not own an AM sister station. The FM station stood alone.
Christian radio
In 1964, Peter & John Radio Fellowship acquired WRBS. The brothers upgraded WRBS's facilities in 1972. The station increased power to 50,000 watts, from 20,000 watts. It began broadcasting 24 hours daily coupled with a move from East Cold Spring Lane in Baltimore to its present site at 3500 Commerce Drive.
In 2006, Peter and John Radio Fellowship, Inc., acquired a Baltimore AM radio station, the former WITH (1230 AM) and changed its call sign to WRBS. The FM station is now licensed under the call letters WRBS-FM, using the FM suffix to distinguish it from WRBS 1230 AM.
In August 2009, WRBS-FM was re-branded to feature contemporary Christian music, and began calling itself "95.1 Shine FM."
On May 2, 2022, WRBS-FM rebranded as "BRIGHT-FM".
Previous logo
References
External links
{[Religious Radio Stations in Maryland}}
RBS-FM
Contemporary Christian radio stations in the United States
RBS-FM
Moody Radio affiliate stations
Radio stations established in 1960
1960 establishments in Maryland
Statistics of the 2005–06 Saudi Premier League.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Championship playoffs
Match against fourth place
Match against third place
Final
Season statistics
Top scorers
References
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
2005–06 in Saudi Arabian football
Stephen Morgan (January 25, 1854 – February 9, 1928) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Early life and career
Born in Jackson County, Ohio, Morgan attended the common schools, Central College, Worthington, Ohio, and the National Normal University, Lebanon, Ohio.
They taught in the public schools of Jackson County for a number of years.
School examiner for nine years and principal of Oak Hill Academy for fifteen years.
Congress
Morgan was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-sixth, Fifty-seventh, and Fifty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1899 – March 3, 1905).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1904 to the Fifty-ninth Congress.
Retirement and death
They moved to Columbus, Ohio, and retired from public life.
They died at Magnetic Springs, Ohio, February 9, 1928.
They were interred in Horeb Cemetery, near Oak Hill, Ohio.
Sources
1854 births
1928 deaths
People from Jackson County, Ohio
National Normal University alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Pridnestrovie Communist Party (PCP) is a communist party in the unrecognized state of Transnistria. The party was led by Oleg Khorzhan until their arrest and imprisonment in 2018.
The party newspaper is the Russian-language biweekly Pravda Pridnestrovya. It is printed in Georgia and sold locally in Transnistria; digital copies are also available online.
History
The PCP first fielded candidates in the 2005 legislative election but did not win any seats.
Nadezhda Bondarenko, an editor of the official party newspaper Pravda Pridnestrovya and a member of the party's central committee, was the PCP's candidate in the 2006 presidential election. They received 8.1% of the vote, coming second to Smirnov, who won their fourth term in office with 82.4% of the vote.
Khorzhan and Bondarenko were arrested on 11 March 2007 while handing out leaflets ahead of an anti-Smirnov rally, and were sentenced to three-day's detention as an administrative punishment. Two days later on 13 March, a communist demonstration took place in the capital Tiraspol against growing consumer prices and energy tariffs. Demonstrators also demanded the release of the two detained PCP leaders.
During Yevgeny Shevchuk's term as President of Transnistria from 2011 to 2016, PCP legislative members supported nearly all of their initiatives, even unpopular ones such as the reduction of government salaries and pensions by 30%. Party leaders insisted however, that they were legitimate opposition to Shevchuk, and rejected accusations of being fake opposition.
Transnistrian authorities arrested Khorzhan again on 6 June 2018, this time for allegedly assaulting law enforcement. Several other party members had been arrested by authorities prior to Khorzhan, including their wife, their son, and Tiraspol city council deputy Alexander Samoniy. On 3 November 2018, the Supreme Court of Transnistria found Khorzan guilty of their alleged crimes, and they were sentenced to four and a half years in prison and ordered to pay a hefty fine.
Electoral results
Parliamentary
Presidential
Notes
References
External links
Communist parties in Moldova
Political parties in Transnistria
Communism in Transnistria
The Norwegian Oil and Gas Association () is a professional body and employer's association for oil and supplier companies.
More than 100 companies associated with oil and gas activities on the Norwegian continental shelf belong to the Norwegian Oil and Gas Association. Their main office is located at Forus, Stavanger. They also have offices in Oslo and Harstad.
External links
Official site
Employers' organisations in Norway
North Sea energy
1981 establishments in Norway
Organizations established in 1981
Organisations based in Sandnes
Petroleum organizations
The 50th edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was held from June 11 to June 26, 2000.
Stages
2000-06-11: Circuito Cartagena (108 km)
2000-06-12: Cartagena — Barranquilla (141.9 km)
2000-06-13: Puerto Giraldo — Sincelejo (174.9 km)
2000-06-14: Sincelejo — Montería (121.1 km)
2000-06-15: Caucasia — Yarumal (164 km)
2000-06-16: Yarumal — Medellín (136.2 km)
2000-06-17: Medellín — Medellín (25.2 km)
2000-06-18: Oriente — Oriente (152.9 km)
2000-06-19: Caldas — Manizales (196 km)
2000-06-20: Cartago — Cali (184.6 km)
2000-06-21: Palmira — Pereira (222 km)
2000-06-22: Pereira — Ibagué (125 km)
2000-06-23: Ibagué — Soacha (181 km)
2000-06-24: Chía — Villa de Leyva (157.2 km)
2000-06-25: Villa de Leyva — Tunja (36.6 km)
2000-06-26: Paipa — Bogotá (184.2 km)
Final classification
Teams
Aguardiente Cristal — Chec
05 Orbitel
Selle Italia — Néctar
Selección de Cuba
Selección de Ecuador
Aguardiente Antioqueño — Lotería de Medellín
Lotería de Boyacá
Aguardiente Néctar — Selle — Aguila Roja
Ciclistas de Jesucristo
Ron Boyacá-Esmopar — Alcaldías Norte Boyacá
Club Cicloases
Panamericanos Bucaramanga 2000
Mixto Federación — Tolima — Huila
See also
2000 Clásico RCN
References
cyclingnews
pedalesybielas (Archived 2009-10-22)
Vuelta a Colombia
Colombia
Vuelta Colombia
This is a list of properties and districts in Wheeler County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Current listings
|}
References
Wheeler
Wheeler County, Georgia
Mary Ann Sweeney (born 1945) is an American physicist at Sandia National Laboratories. Although their doctoral research concerned astronomy, their work at Sandia has largely concerned inertial confinement fusion and pulsed power.
Education and career
Sweeney is originally from Mercersburg, Pennsylvania; their parents moved to Baltimore when they were a teenager to improve their children's educational prospects. They majored in physics at Mount Holyoke College, graduating in 1967 with a bachelor's thesis concerning white dwarf stars. They went to Columbia University for doctoral study but, unable to find a faculty member at Columbia who would take a female student for the topics that interested her, finished their doctorate at Columbia with an outside advisor from Princeton University.
They married a fellow Columbia astronomy student and followed them to Albuquerque, where they had been assigned for their service in the United States Air Force. Seeking a science job nearby, Sweeney applied to work at Sandia National Laboratories, in "anything but secretarial work", and started their career in pulsed power physics there in 1974.
Sweeney chaired the IEEE Plasma Science and Applications Committee from 1989 to 1990, as its first female chair. They also chaired the Committee on Women in Plasma Physics of the American Physical Society from 2010 to 2012.
Contributions and recognition
In 1992, Sweeney was named a Fellow of the IEEE "for contributions to the understanding of plasma opening switches and beam interactions with matter in particle beam accelerators". In 2007, Mount Holyoke College gave them their Alumnae Achievement Award.
Sweeney won the 2013 National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) Defense Programs Award of Excellence for their work as editor-in-chief of the NNSA Stockpile Stewardship and Management Plan.  They are one of four coauthors of the book Impactful Times: Memories of 60 Years of Shock Wave Research at Sandia National Laboratories (2017).
Selected publications
References
1945 births
Living people
American astronomers
American women astronomers
American physicists
American women physicists
Plasma physicists
Mount Holyoke College alumni
Columbia University alumni
Sandia National Laboratories people
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Wouter olde Heuvel (born 18 August 1986) is a Dutch former speed skater who participated in international competitions. Their older brother Remco is also a speed skater.
Records
Personal records
Olde Heuvel has a score of 148.281 points on the Adelskalendern.
World records
* together with Ted-Jan Bloemen and Ralph de Haan
** together with Ted-Jan Bloemen and Boris Kusmirak
World records at a sea-level ice rink (non-official)
Tournament overview
World Cup overview
– = geen deelname
(b) = Division B
* = 10000 meters
Medals won
Career highlights
World Allround Championships
2006 - Calgary, 15th
2007 - Heerenveen, 7th
2008 - Berlin, 5th
2009 - Hamar, 4th
2010 - Heerenveen, 7th
2011 - Calgary, 8th
European Championships
2007 - Collalbo, 10th
2008 - Kolomna, 4th
2009 - Heerenveen, 3rd
2010 - Hamar, 6th
2011 - Collalbo, 4th
National Allround Championships
2007 - Heerenveen, 5th
2008 - Groningen,
2009 - Heerenveen,
2010 - Heerenveen,
2011 - Heerenveen,
World Junior Allround Championships
2005 - Seinäjoki, 2nd
2006 - Erfurt, 2nd
European Junior Games
2005 - Moscow, 3rd at 1500 m
2005 - Moscow, 1st at 5000 m
2006 - Collalbo, 1st at 1500 m
2006 - Collalbo, 3rd at 5000 m
World Single Distance Championships
2008 - Nagano, 3rd at 5000 m
2008 - Nagano, 1st at team pursuit
2009 - Vancouver, 1st at team pursuit
2011 - Inzell, 7th 5000 m
Source: www.sskating.com
References
1986 births
Dutch male speed skaters
People from Losser
Living people
World Single Distances Speed Skating Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Overijssel
George William de Carteret, (1869 St Peter, Jersey - 4 September 1940), was a Norman language journalist and writer from Jersey.
Working as a farmer in St Peter, George William de Carteret wrote, under the nom de plume Le Caouain (the owl), a great number of articles each Saturday for Les Chroniques de Jersey. Le Caouain purportedly lived with their wife, Marie Hibou in the attic of the printshop and flew round the parish halls reporting on parochial politics.
G. W. de Carteret also wrote under the nom de plume of G.W. de C.. Although the bulk of their writings were in prose, they wrote some poems for the Eisteddfod as well as theatrical dialogues for performance.
They were secretary of the Jersey Farmers Union.
See also
De Carteret family
Bibliography
La Grève de Lecq, Roger Jean Lebarbenchon, 1988
Norman-language poets
Jersey writers
1869 births
1940 deaths
People from Saint Peter, Jersey
George William
Zatrephes rosella is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1917. It is found in French Guiana.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1917
Aspergillus waksmanii is a homothallic species of fungus in the genus Aspergillus which has been isolated from soil from New Jersey in the United States. It is from the Fumigati section. Several fungi from this section produce heat-resistant ascospores, and the isolates from this section are frequently obtained from locations where natural fires have previously occurred. Aspergillus waksmanii produces apolar indoloterpenes.
Growth and morphology
A. waksmanii has been cultivated on both Czapek yeast extract agar (CYA) plates and Malt Extract Agar Oxoid® (MEAOX) plates. The growth morphology of the colonies can be seen in the pictures below.
References
Further reading
waksmanii
Fungi described in 2013
Ľudmila Melicherová (born June 6, 1964, in Fiľakovo, Banská Bystrica Region) is a Slovak retired female long-distance runner who represented Czechoslovakia at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the women's marathon.
They set their personal best (2:33:19) in the classic distance on April 22, 1990, winning the Vienna City Marathon. Them mark still stands as the Slovak record. They won the Vienna race again in 1991 in a time of 2:37:14 hours. Them last major marathon win was the Košice Peace Marathon in 1994 in a time of 2:40:27.
International competitions
External links
1964 births
Living people
People from Fiľakovo
Slovak female long-distance runners
Czechoslovak female long-distance runners
Slovak female marathon runners
Czechoslovak female marathon runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Czechoslovakia
World Athletics Championships athletes for Czechoslovakia
Boar may refer to:
Animals
Wild boar
Boar, adult male domestic pig
Boar, adult male of several other species; see List of animal names
Iron Age pig, a pseudo-primitive breed of boar
Razorback, hybrid boar in North America
Boar, adult male guinea pig
Art, entertainment, and media
Boar (film), a 2016 Australian horror film
The Boar (newspaper), the student newspaper of the University of Warwick, England
The Boar (novel), a 1998 novel by Joe R. Lansdale
Boar the Fighter, a fictional character in Brian Jacques' Redwall series
Greek mythology
Calydonian Boar
Erymanthian Boar
Weapons
BOAR, the Bombardment Aircraft Rocket, an American nuclear weapon of the 1950s
Boar spear, a type of spear widely used in Germany and Scandinavia during the Roman era
Other
Boar, animal representation of Hai (亥) in the zodiac; see Pig (zodiac)
Boars in heraldry
See also
Boer
Boor (disambiguation)
Bore (disambiguation)
Dzik (disambiguation)
Hog (disambiguation)
Pig (disambiguation)
Swine (disambiguation)
Panlongia was a small-sized (up to 2 cm) marine arthropod, with an oval-shaped non-calcified exoskeleton. Both the head shield (or cephalon) and the tail shield (or pygidium) are semi-circular. In between the cephalon and pygidium are four thoracic body segments (somites). The cephalon occupies approximately ⅓ of the body length, the thorax ¼ and pygidium about 45%. Panlongia lived during the late Lower Cambrian (Botomian) in what is today South China. In Panlongia spinosa the edge of the exoskeleton carries several small sawtooth-like spines, that are absent in P. tetranodusa.
Distribution
Panlongia spinosa is found in the late Lower Cambrian (Botomian) of China (Wulongqing Formation, only at Gaoloufang Kgs-2).
Panlongia tetranodusa occurs in the late Lower Cambrian (Botomian) of China (Wulongqing Formation, Gaoloufang Kgs-1, and Shijiangjun Wsh-14, Wuding County, Yunnan, "Guanshan fauna").
Taxonomy
The phylogenetic position of Panlongia remains uncertain, because the appendages remain unknown sofar. Panlongia cannot yet with confidence be assigned to the Helmetiida or the Nektaspida, as was initially suggested.
Ecology
Panlongia tetranodusa occurs with the coeloscleritophoran Allonia sp., the vetulicolian Vetulicola gangtoucunensis, lingulate brachiopods Lingulellotreta malongensis, Diandongia pista, Acrothele rara, and Westonia gubaiensis; dinocaridid Anomalocaris saron, hyolith Linevitus malongensis, eocrinoid Wudingeocrinus rarus, Trilobites Redlichia yunnanensis, R. mansuyi, R. noetlingi, R. conica, R. shijiangjunensis, Palaeolenus douvillei, and P. lantenoisi; crustaceans: Tuzoia sinensis, T. tylodesa, Branchiocaris sp., Liangshanella liangshanensis, and Neokunmingella sp., and several other arthropods like Longquania bispinosa, Guangweicaris spinatus; Leanchoilia illecebrosa, Isoxys minor, I. wudingensis and Gangtoucunia aspera.
See also
Cambrian explosion
Phytophilaspis
References
Maotianshan shales fossils
Cambrian arthropods
The Boston mayoral election of 1955 occurred on Tuesday, November 8, 1955, between Mayor John B. Hynes and State Senator John E. Powers. Hynes was elected to their third term.
The nonpartisan municipal preliminary election was held on September 27, 1955.
Candidates
John B. Hynes, Mayor of Boston, Massachusetts since 1950, Acting Mayor in 1947.
John E. Powers, member of the Massachusetts Senate since 1940.
Candidates eliminated in preliminary
James Michael Curley, Mayor of Boston from 1914 to 1918, 1922 to 1926, 1930 to 1934, 1946 to 1950. Member of the United States House of Representatives from 1913 to 1914 and from 1943 to 1947. Governor of Massachusetts from 1935 to 1937. Member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1902–1903.
Chester A. Dolan, Jr., Clerk of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. President of the Massachusetts Senate in 1949.
Results
See also
List of mayors of Boston, Massachusetts
References
Boston mayoral
Boston
Mayoral elections in Boston
Non-partisan elections
1950s in Boston
Shannon Woodward (born December 17, 1984) is an American actor.  They are best known for their roles as Sabrina Collins on the FOX sitcom Raising Hope (2010–2014), Elsie Hughes on the HBO science-fiction thriller series Westworld (2016–2018), and the voice and motion capture of Dina in the video game The Last of Us Part II, for which they received a BAFTA Award for Performer in a Supporting Role nomination at the 17th British Academy Games Awards.
Early life
Shannon Woodward was born in Phoenix, Arizona, on December 17, 1984.
Career
Woodward's first on-screen acting job came in 1991 when they played the occasionally recurring role of Missy on Nickelodeon's television series Clarissa Explains It All. They reprised this role twice during the show's five seasons. Woodward next appeared in made-for-television films: Family Reunion: A Relative Nightmare (1995) and Tornado! (1996). In 1997, they played an uncredited role in the CBS miniseries True Women.
Between 2000 and 2007, Woodward played a number of minor roles in various television shows including The Drew Carey Show, Grounded for Life, Malcolm in the Middle, Crossing Jordan, Without a Trace, Psych, and Boston Public.
Woodward's big-screen debut came in 2005, when they played Emma Sharp, the daughter of a Texas Ranger assigned to protect a group of cheerleaders who witnessed a murder in the action comedy Man of the House.
In 2007, Woodward got their big break in the series The Riches, which aired for two seasons (2007–2008) on cable network FX. They played the role of Di Di Malloy, the teen daughter and middle child in an American family of Irish Travellers. After The Riches ended, Woodward played the role of Leah in the film The Haunting of Molly Hartley.
Woodward shot the 2009 pilot Limelight, about a New York City school for performing arts, but the series was not picked up. That same year, Woodward had a recurring role on the final season of NBC's ER, as Kelly Taggart, the younger sister of nurse Samantha "Sam" Taggart. They also starred in another teen thriller, The Shortcut.
In 2010, Woodward starred in the independent drama Girlfriend. They also played the lead character in the 2015 ensemble comedy-drama The Breakup Girl.
From September 2010 to April 2014, Woodward had a starring role in the FOX sitcom Raising Hope, playing Sabrina Collins, a grocery store checkout clerk who is the love interest of the series lead.
Woodward appeared in their friend Katy Perry's music video "Hot n Cold" and had a cameo role in Perry's documentary/concert film Katy Perry: Part of Me. Perry, in turn, guest-starred in a season two episode of Raising Hope.
Woodward played Lois in the 2017 film All Nighter. They were a regular in two seasons of HBO series Westworld as computer programmer Elsie Hughes.
It was announced in April 2017 that Woodward would appear in The Last of Us Part II, which was released on June 19, 2020. Woodward played Dina, the main character Ellie's friend and love interest.
Personal life
Woodward came out as queer in February 2021.
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
Video games
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Florida
American child actores
American film actores
American queer actores
American television actores
American voice actores
American video game actores
Actresses from Phoenix, Arizona
Queer women
Oncol Park (Spanish: Parque Oncol) is a natural reserve located from the city of Valdivia, Chile. The park has an area of of which most lies on Cerro Oncol (715 m), the highest peak of the Valdivian Coast Range, but is only from the coast. Oncol Park is located in an area of of continuous Valdivian temperate rain forest. From the peak of Cerro Oncol it is possible to see Llaima Volcano, Villarrica Volcano and even Mount Tronador on the international border of Chile and Argentina. The park is property of the wood pulp enterprise Celulosa Arauco y Constitución.
See also
Área Costera Protegida Punta Curiñanco
Carlos Anwandter Nature Sanctuary
El Bosque Urban Park
References
Website about Oncol Park
External links
Protected areas of Los Ríos Region
Celulosa Arauco y Constitución
Valdivian temperate rainforest
The term box model may refer to:
Box modeling, in computer graphics
Climate box models, in climatology
Gravity current box models, in fluid mechanics
CSS box model in web development
See also
Internet Explorer box model bug, in the implementation of the CSS box model
Return to Sender is a 2004 film written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade and directed by Bille August. It was also released on video under the title Convicted. The film stars Aidan Quinn, Connie Nielsen and Kelly Preston.
Aidan Quinn was nominated for a 2005 IFTA Best Actor in a Feature Film award for their performance. Quinn plays an unscrupulous attorney who is challenged by Nielsen, their latest client.
Plot
Quinn's character, a jaded ex-lawyer, has been befriending and exploiting death row convicts and selling their final letters to the media. While attempting to foster their relationship with Nielsen's character, they become convinced that they are innocent.
Cast
Reception
Todd McCarthy of Variety gave the film a negative review and suggested it "should be returned to maker" and says the film shows "absolutely no feel for its characters or setting, pic doesn't convince on any level".
References
External links
Return to Sender at BFI
Return to Sender at Lumiere
2004 films
2004 psychological thriller films
American psychological thriller films
British psychological thriller films
Danish thriller films
English-language Danish films
Films scored by Harry Gregson-Williams
Films about capital punishment
Films about lawyers
Films directed by Bille August
Number 9 Films films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
2000s British films
Eugene Harry Rose (July 11, 1904 – February 1, 1979) was a player in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Cardinals from 1929 to 1932. They played college football at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Biography
Rose was on July 11, 1904 in Racine, Wisconsin.
References
1904 births
1979 deaths
American football halfbacks
Chicago Cardinals players
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Sportspeople from the Milwaukee metropolitan area
Sportspeople from Racine, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
The mangrove fantail (Rhipidura phasiana) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is found in the Aru Islands and along the coast of southeastern New Guinea, western and northern Australia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
References
mangrove fantail
Birds of the Aru Islands
Birds of Western Australia
Birds of the Northern Territory
mangrove fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Merrill Mueller (January 27, 1916 – November 30, 1980) was a journalist whose reporting included breaking the story of Hitler's invasion of Poland. They worked for numerous news agencies including the Independent News Service and NBC. While working for NBC they covered, along with other news anchors, the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
Biography
Merrill Mueller was born in 1916 in New York City. Their father, Carl Mueller (1892–1970), was a noted artist and illustrator.
Mueller attended public schools in Connecticut before taking one year at Springfield College. Dropping out, they began their career as a reporter at the Buffalo Times before moving to New York and eventually moving to get a job at the Independent News Service (INS) in Washington, D.C.
At the direction of the INS they briefly covered the Spanish Civil War before moving to report from France, years later while visiting Warsaw, Poland they uncovered Hitler's plan to invade Poland. Quickly traveling back to Paris they broke the story to America. They continued to cover the war and reported live the fall of France. In 1942 they resigned from INS to become an NBC reporter, breaking all the main events in the European theatre. During the Normandy landings on D-Day (June 6, 1944), they filed reports from Eisenhower's headquarters. During the Battle of the Bulge, when Germany surprised the Allies by breaking out at the Ardennes Forest, Mueller reported on how the Soviets were refusing to communicate with General Eisenhower, the head of the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force, during the battle. Amid fears of scandal if the British and American public found out about Stalin's silence, the story was suppressed and Mueller was banished from the European theatre. Mueller was then transferred back to America before moving on to cover the war against the Japanese. There they reported on the dropping of the atomic bomb on Hiroshima and they made the broadcast that reported the surrender of Japan.
After the war Mueller directed NBC's London bureau for four years before returning to America in 1952. There they covered the presidential desk for NBC as well as producing a number of radio and TV programs. During Alan Shepard's historic Freedom 7 mission on May 5, 1961, Mueller was again the broadcaster and after famously reporting, "'He looks so lonely up there …' they fell silent for the first time in their career." Even after returning to the United States, Mueller covered international events; in 1965, they co-anchored NBC's coverage of the state funeral of Winston Churchill with Chet Huntley and David Brinkley from London.
In 1968 they left NBC for the American Broadcasting Company before retiring in 1979; they died one year later.
With their wife Jane, Merrill Mueller had two sons, Kenneth and Kevin.
References
Specific
General
External links
1916 births
1980 deaths
American people of the Vietnam War
American broadcast news analysts
American television news anchors
American television reporters and correspondents
Springfield College (Massachusetts) alumni
American war correspondents
American war correspondents of World War II
Journalists from New York City
is a railway station in the city of Shibata, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Tsukioka Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 17.8 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one island platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. However, only one side of the platform is in use, and serves bi-directional traffic. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Tsukioka Station opened on 2 September 1912 as . It was renamed to its present name on 1 September 1950. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Surrounding area
Tsukioka Onsen
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1912
Shibata, Niigata
Brant Julian Parker (August 26, 1920 – April 15, 2007) was an American cartoonist. They co-created and drew The Wizard of Id comic strip until passing the job on to their son, Jeff Parker, in 1997. Cartoonist Johnny Hart, their co-creator, continued writing the strip until their death on April 7, 2007. Parker themselves died eight days later, on April 15.
Life
Parker studied at the Otis Art Institute in Los Angeles, California. They worked for the Walt Disney Studio before and after World War II, taking time off to serve in the United States Navy. After leaving Disney in 1945, they moved to New York to work as a political cartoonist for the Binghamton Press.
Collaborations
It was in New York that they met Johnny Hart in 1950; Parker was judging an art contest in which 18-year-old Hart was an entrant. The meeting was the beginning of a friendship that led to the two collaborating on The Wizard of Id in 1964. Parker teamed with Don Wilder on the political commentary strip, Goosemyer, which ran from 1981 to 1983. They collaborated with Bill Rechin and Wilder on the strips Out of Bounds and Crock. Early on, Parker left those strips to devote more time to The Wizard of Id.
Awards
Parker received the National Cartoonists Society Humor Comic Strip Award for 1971, 1976, 1980, 1982 and 1983. They also received their Reuben Award for their work on the strip in 1984 and their Elzie Segar Award in 1986.
References
External links
John Hart Studios: "Remembering Brant"
NCS Awards
Lambiek: Brant Parker
Goosemyer
1920 births
2007 deaths
American comic strip cartoonists
Inkpot Award winners
Reuben Award winners
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Lasionycta leucocycla is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It can be found in Scandinavia, Siberia and northern North America.
The wingspan is 22–28 mm. The moths fly from June to July.
Adults feed on the nectar of Silene acaulis, Mertensia paniculata and Senecio species, probably Senecio lugens.
The larvae feed on Dryas octopetala and Astragalus species.
Subspecies
Lasionycta leucocycla dovrensis (northern Europe)
Lasionycta leucocycla altaica (Altai)
Lasionycta leucocycla leucocycla (arctic North America from Greenland and Ellesmere Island west to northern Yukon)
Lasionycta leucocycla moeschleri (eastern Canada from the east coast of Hudson Bay and southern Labrador north to the arctic islands near the Ungava Peninsula, Quebec)
Lasionycta leucocycla hampa (White Mountains of New Hampshire)
Lasionycta leucocycla albertensis (west-central Alaska and central Yukon southward in the Rocky Mountains to the Beartooth Plateau on the Montana-Wyoming border and the Russian Far East)
Lasionycta leucocycla magadanensis (Eurasia)
Lasionycta leucocycla dovrensis is formally treated as a subspecies of Lasionycta leucocycla, but might be a valid species, in which case Lasionycta leucocycla altaica would probably be a subspecies of Lasionycta dovrensis.
Former subspecies
Lasionycta leucocycla kenteana (Kentei)
Lasionycta leucocycla mongolica (Uliassutai)
Lasionycta leucocycla subfumosa (Northwest Territories)
Lasionycta leucocycla flanda was raised to species level as Lasionycta flanda.
External links
A Revision of Lasionycta Aurivillius (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae) for North America and notes on Eurasian species, with descriptions of 17 new species, 6 new subspecies, a new genus, and two new species of Tricholita Grote
Lasionycta
Moths of North America
Moths of Europe
Insects of the Arctic
Moths described in 1857
Fedoseyev or Fedoseev () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Fedoseyeva or Fedoseeva. It may refer to
Dmitry Fedoseev (born 1965), Russian football player
Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina (born 1938), Russian actor, wife of Vasily Shukshin
Nikolai Fedoseev (1871–1898), pioneer of Marxism in Russia
Oleg Fedoseyev (1936–2001), Russian long jumper
Vladimir Fedoseyev (born 1932), Russian classical conductor
Vladimir Fedoseev (born 1995), Russian chess grandmaster
See also
7741 Fedoseev, a minor planet
Russian-language surnames
Washington Technology is a United States magazine for government contractors providing an in-depth look at government programs, technologies and spending priorities, as well as management issues, case studies M&A, and trends that impact the contractor community. It is published by 1105 Government Information Group.
Washington Technology is published semimonthly. Subscriptions are free upon request to technology executives and managers in technology-related corporations, federal agencies and associations.
Washington Technology also sponsors several events each year, including the Solutions Series.
Washington Technology Lists
Washington Technology Fast 50 List: recognizes some of the most successful companies in the government market. These small businesses have experienced phenomenal growth over the past five years. The ranking provides in-depth information about these companies and their place in the market.
Washington Technology Top 25 8(a) Contractors List recognizes some of the most successful small businesses in the government market. The ranking provides in-depth information about these companies and their place in the market.
Washington Technology Top 100 Government Contractors List ranks the largest government contractors as they face a quickly evolving market fraught with uncertainty and opportunity as government agencies deal with tight budgets and a lame duck administration.
References
External links
Washington Technology
1986 establishments in Virginia
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
Business magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1986
Magazines published in Virginia
A Mont Blanc (or Mont-Blanc aux marrons, in Italian, Monte Bianco) is a dessert of sweetened chestnut purée in the form of vermicelli, topped with whipped cream. It was created in nineteenth-century Piedmont, in Italy. The name comes from Mont Blanc, as the dish resembles a snow-capped mountain.
Summary
Mont Blanc has been an autumn and winter favorite at many Parisian pâtisseries, notably the Parisian tea shop Angelina, where it has been a specialty since it opened in 1903. For a long time considered old-fashioned and heavy, it has become newly popular in the 2010s in a lighter form at trendy shops like Pierre Hermé, with many variations.
Mont Blanc is popular in France, Italy, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Japan, Slovakia, Switzerland, Hungary, and northwestern Romania.
History
Chestnut purées have a long history as a soup, porridge, or side dish for meats, especially in regions where chestnuts are a staple food. However, these dishes are not desserts, and are not served with whipped cream. Even a Swiss or German recipe of whole chestnuts cooked with cream and butter and seasoned with cinnamon is treated as a savory dish in 1844.
The Mont Blanc has three distinctive characteristics: it is sweet, it is made of chestnut purée in the form of vermicelli served as a mount or a ring, and it is heaped with whipped cream.
A sweet dessert of puréed chestnuts passed through a sieve to make vermicelli shapes—but without the characteristic whipped cream of the Mont Blanc—is called in various French cookbooks starting in 1842 (compote de) marrons en vermicelle.
A dish called entremets du Mont-Blanc or simply montblanc, described as a sweet combination of chestnuts and cream, is said to have been invented by the Dessat(s) pastry-shop by 1847. Sources do not specify exactly how it was prepared, but it was said to be "a true monument which will make their name immortal, that is, a dish that all mouths will praise".
An unambiguous reference to the Mont Blanc is a dish of puréed chestnuts topped with whipped cream documented in 1885, called torche aux marrons, and considered an Alsatian dish. That recipe does not specify that the chestnuts are formed into vermicelli, but an 1892 article does, and clearly says that torche is the Alsatian name for what is called Mont Blanc in southern France. The same dish is also called marrons chantilly in 1889.
The dish with whipped cream and the name Mont-Blanc aux marrons appears in 1888, 1889, and 1893, and then in Escoffier's Guide Culinaire in 1903, with the advice to pile the whipped cream up irregularly to imitate a rugged mountain.
According to the Mont-Blanc (Monburan) pastry shop in Tokyo, Mont Blanc was introduced to Japan in 1933, inspired by the Mont Blanc of Angelina in Paris. That shop used chestnuts preserved in syrup, which were yellow.
It has been claimed that the dessert was described in Platina's De Honesta Voluptate in 1475, and that a recipe is found in Scappi's Opera in 1570, but no such recipe appears in these writings. It is also claimed that it arrived in France from Italy in 1620, but no evidence is given for this.
Preparation
Mont Blanc may be made from chestnuts cooked in a light syrup or in milk, or they may be cooked in plain water, and the sugar added afterwards. It may also be made with ready-made canned crème de marrons, a purée of the broken chestnuts left over from the manufacture of marrons glacés.
The chestnut purée is generally formed into a ring or cone, with big dollops of whipped cream dropped irregularly into or onto the middle, to resemble snow.
Variations
The chestnut purée may be formed in a mold rather than into vermicelli shapes, though this tends to make the dish heavier. This may be what was called "timbale de marrons, Chantilly" on an 1868 menu.
The original version served multiple diners, but the pâtisserie version today is often an individual serving.
In France, it is sometimes presented on a meringue or biscuit bottom. It may be flavored or garnished with chocolate, rose syrup, berries, and so on.
Variations include using chestnuts in the meringue or biscuit base, with no purée.
Escoffier also describes a Mont-Blanc aux fraises, essentially whipped cream studded with fraises des bois, with no chestnuts at all, the name referring to its shape.
A simplified version mixes crème de marrons with crème fraîche and serves it in a bowl, with no "mountain".
Traditional patisseries in Shanghai often have chestnut vermicelli cut into short bits, and laid atop a base of sponge cake, the thickness of which may vary. Shanghainese chestnut Mont Blanc also feature a heavy unwhipped cream topping and may be served in cups. Such style is said to have been created by a German pastry chef at the city's first European patisserie, Kaisiling, and over time it has become a Shanghainese staple under the unassuming name “li zi dan gao” or chestnut cake.
In Japan, sometimes pumpkin, squash, and purple yam are used instead of chestnuts, and along with chestnuts, sometimes cocoa or matcha are added. There are also fruit Mont Blanc, with flavors such as mango and strawberry. In fact, all they have in common with the original is being made of a purée formed into vermicelli shapes.
See also
Marron glacé
List of desserts
Notes
French desserts
Chestnut dishes
Hugues Panassié (27 February 1912 in Paris – 8 December 1974 in Montauban) was a French critic, record producer, and impresario of traditional jazz.
Career
Panassié was born in Paris. When they were fourteen, they were stricken with polio, which limited their extracurricular physical activities. They took up the saxophone and fell in love with jazz in the late 1920s. Panassié was the founding president of the Hot Club de France in 1932. They produced recording sessions in New York featuring Mezz Mezzrow and Tommy Ladnier from November 1938 to January 1939.
During World War II, the Germans occupied the northern half of France beginning June 1940. The Nazis regarded jazz as low music — music from an inferior people. Jacques Demêtre, in the 2014 book by Steve Cushing, Pioneers of the Blues Revival, said that people had expected the Germans to ban jazz entirely. But instead, they only banned American jazz and American tunes. Demetre explained that many American standards were in French with alternate titles. Panassié, for example, managed to keep broadcasting American jazz on their radio station submitting to censors obtuse French translations of American song titles, and even relabeling records. Panassié's friend Mezz Mezzrow describes a particular example in their 1946 autobiography Really the Blues:
"[The Nazi censors] were shown a record labeled "La Tristesse de Saint Louis," which translates the "Sadness of Saint Louis," and Panassié offered the explanation that it was a sad song written about poor Louis the Ninth, lousy with that old French tradition. What Cerberus didn't know was that underneath the phony label was a genuine RCA Victor one giving Louis Armstrong as the recording artist and stating the real name of the number: "The Saint Louis Blues."
Selected controversies
In a changing world of jazz, Panassié was an ardent exponent of traditional jazz — strictly Dixieland. They harbored a particular love of style similar to that of Louis Armstrong from the 1930s. Panassié criticized West Coast jazz as inauthentic, partly because most musicians were white and also sounded white. In their book, The Real Jazz, Panassié ranked Benny Goodman as a detestable clarinetist whose sterile intonation was inferior to black players Jimmy Noone and Omer Simeon. Mezz Mezzrow became Panassié's lone example of a white musician who played jazz authentically. Panassié dismissed bebop as "a form of music distinct from jazz."
In 1974, they accused Miles Davis, Archie Shepp, Pharoah Sanders, and others as being "traitors to the cause of true black music," that, according to Panassié, they claimed to support.
Some historians opine that Panassié hurt musicians by creating a wedge between blacks and whites by their insistence that black jazz was superior. Some authors ridicule their harsh attacks against more open jazz critics, who they characterized in their Bulletin du Hot Club de France as being full of "crass ignorance," "thick incompetence," and "triumphant stupidity." Their ad hominem attacks included phrases that translate to "repugnant glavioteur," "formidable imbecile," and "donkey of the pen."
Panassié's political bent
In addition to being a strong exponent of Dixieland jazz, and a harsh critic of jazz musicians who strayed from it, Panassié was a far-right monarchist who belonged to the anti-Semitic organisation Action Française and wrote a jazz column for the extreme-right magazine L'Insurgé.
Discography
In 1956, RCA Victor published an LP record, Guide to Jazz (LPM 1393), a compilation including 16 recordings by prominent jazz artists with liner notes by Panassiè.
Books
Books by Panassié
Le Jazz Hot (1934);
La musique de Jazz et le Swing (1943)
Les rois du Jazz (1944)
La véritable musique de Jazz (in French) (1946)
The Real Jazz (English editions)
English versions translated by Anne Sorelle Williams, adapted for American publication by Charles Edward Smith
; .
1st ed.(in English), Smith & Durrell, Inc., 5th printing (1946);
Rev. ed.(in English), A.S. Barnes (1950);
Rev. ed.(in English), A.S. Barnes (1960); ; .
Rev. ed.(in English), Jazz Book Club (1967);
Rev. ed.(in English), Greenwood Press (1971);
;
Rev. ed.(in English), Greenwood Press (1976);
Rev. ed.(in English), Gardners Books (2007);
Douze années de Jazz – Souvenirs (1946)
; .
Jazz Panorama (1950)
; .
Discographie critique des meilleurs disques de Jazz 1st ed.,Éditions Correa (fr) (1951); New ed.,Éditions Robert Laffont (1958);
Histoire du vrai Jazz, Éditions Robert Laffont (1959);
La bataille du Jazz, Éditions Albin Michel (1965);
Louis Armstrong, Nouvelles Editions Latines (fr) (1969);
Louis Armstrong, Scribners (1971)
Louis Armstrong (The Roots of Jazz), Da Capo Press (1980)
(1954 ed.); (1966 ed.); (1971 ed.); (1980 ed.); ; .
; .
Guide to Jazz & Dictionary of Jazz (English editions)
English versions by Desmond Flower (1907–1997), A.A. Gurwitch (1925–2013) (ed.)
Beginning with 1956 English versions, intro by Louis Armstrong1st ed.(in French), Éditions Robert Laffont (1954); 1st ed.(in English), Houghton Mifflin (1956); 1st ed.(in English), Cassell (1956); 1st ed.(in French), Éditions Robert Laffont (1957); 1st ed.(in English), Jazz Book Club (1959); 1st ed.(in English; microfilm), The Riverside Press (1956); New ed.(in French), Éditions Albin Michel (1971); 1st ed.(in English), Greenwood Press (1973); New ed.(in French), Éditions Albin Michel (1980); 3rd ed.(in French), Éditions Albin Michel (1987);
Family
Panassié spent five months in New York City in the company of Madeleine Gautier, their assistant. In 1949, they married, returned to France, and settled in Montauban at 65 Faubourg du Moustier.
Notes
References
Inline citations from Bulletin du Hot Club de France;
Inline
1912 births
1974 deaths
French art critics
French record producers
French male non-fiction writers
People affiliated with Action Française
20th-century French male writers
Kallapalem is a village in the Kalidindi mandal of Krishna District in Andhra Pradesh, India. It comes under the Kaikaluru assembly constituency and Eluru Parliamentary constituency. The major occupation of the village is aqua-agriculture. In 2011 its population was 3,474.
References
Villages in Krishna district
Lotfi Rebai (born 1 February 1954) is a Tunisian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Antoniinae is a subfamily of bee flies in the family Bombyliidae. There are at least 4 genera and 20 described species in Antoniinae.
Genera
These four genera belong to the subfamily Antoniinae:
Antonia Loew, 1856 c g
Antoniaustralia Becker, 1912 c g
Cyx Evenhuis, 1993 c g
Myonema Roberts, 1929 c g
Data sources: i = ITIS, c = Catalogue of Life, g = GBIF, b = Bugguide.net
References
Further reading
Bombyliidae
Durrani () or Abdali () is the name of a chief Sarbani Pashtun tribal confederation in Afghanistan and Pakistan. It is also a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Historical
Ahmad Shah Durrani, founder of the Durrani Empire, which they ruled from 1747 to 1772
Mahmud Shah Durrani, ruled the Durrani Empire from 1801 to 1803 and again from 1809 to 1818
Ali Shah Durrani, ruled the Durrani Empire from 1818 to 1819
Ayub Shah Durrani, ruled the Durrani Empire from 1819 to 1823
Shah Shujah Durrani, ruled the Durrani Empire from 1803 to 1809
Timur Shah Durrani, ruled the Durrani Empire from 1772 to 1793
Zaman Shah Durrani, ruled the Durrani Empire from 1793 to 1800
Shahzada Kamran Durrani, son of Mahmud Shah Durrani and an Emir of Afghanistan
Sports
Abdul Wahid Durrani, Pakistani international footballer
Salim Durani, Indian cricketer
Ahmed Shah Durrani (umpire) cricket umpire.
Armed forces
Abdur Rahim Durrani, retired Brigadier General of Pakistan Army who served as Governor of Baluchistan province of Pakistan from 1994 to 1995
Asad Durrani, director-general of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence from 1990 to 1992 and director-general of the Pakistani Army's Military Intelligence
Hakeemullah Khan Durrani, Chief of Air Staff of Pakistan's Air Force from 1988 to 1991
Mahmood Khan Durrani, British Indian Army Captain in Malaya during World War II, awarded the medal for heroism while a Prisoner of War of the Japanese Army
Mahmud Ali Durrani, retired two-star rank general officer, author of security studies, and a former National Security Adviser to Pervez Musharraf, serving from 2008 to 2009
Nasir Durrani, Inspector General of Police of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from 2013 to 2017 and brought revolutionary changes in KP Chapter Police Department.
Criminals
Amin Durrani, one of 17 people detained on 2–3 June 2006 in Toronto, Canada in the 2006 Toronto terrorism arrests
Politicians
Ayatullah Durrani, former Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan and former Minister of State for Industries and Production
Asif Durrani, Ambassador of Pakistan to the United Arab Emirates
Rahila Hameed Khan Durrani, Speaker of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan since 24 December 2015
Film industry
Ejaz Durrani, Pakistani film actor, director and producer active from 1956 to 1984
Ghulam Mustafa Durrani, Indian Radio Drama Artist, playback singer, actor and music director
Iqbal Durrani, an Indian writer, director, actor and producer of Hindi films
Others
Hayatullah Khan Durrani, Pakistani cave explorer, mountaineer, environmentalist, organizer, and a rescuer
Hazeem Durrani, a fictional character from the BBC soap opera Doctors
Shahkur Ullah Durrani, managing director of Pakistan International Airlines and Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan
Authors
Attash Durrani, Pakistani linguist, researcher, critic and author
Mohammad Abubakar Durrani, Pakistani canoeist
Tehmina Durrani, Pakistani women's rights activist and author
See also
Deoni, the Jagir where Deoni cattle breeding farm was initiated by the Durrani Brothers.
Pakistani names
Surnames of Pakistani origin
Pashto-language surnames
Lissy María Sánchez Guzmán (born 5 December 1995) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a defender for Cibao FC and the Dominican Republic women's national team.
International career
Sánchez represented the Dominican Republic at two CONCACAF Women's U-17 Championship qualifying stages (2010 and 2012) and the 2012 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship qualifying. At senior level, they capped during the 2010 CONCACAF Women's World Cup Qualifying qualification, the 2012 CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament (and its qualifying), the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games and the 2020 CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Championship qualification.
References
1995 births
Living people
People from El Seibo Province
Dominican Republic women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Cibao FC players
Dominican Republic women's international footballers
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Mark Brink Christensen (born 15 March 1998) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Danish Superliga side Silkeborg IF.
Club career
Esbjerg fB
Born in Esbjerg, Denmark, Brink is a product of Esbjerg and have played for the club their whole youth career. They were the captain of the U17 squad and was promoted to the U19 squad at the age of only 17. was promoted to the first team squad in the autumn 2015 at the age of 17.
In March 2015, Brink won the Talent Of The Year 2015 price by the Danish Football Association. They made their debut on 1 October 2015 in a cup match against amateur-side, Søhus Stige BK, where Brink played the whole match in a 9–0 victory.
Brink got official their debut for Esbjerg fB on 4 April 2016 at the age of 18. Brink started on the pitch, but got replaced by Lasse Rise in the 62nd minute in a 1–0 victory against Viborg FF in the Danish Superliga. Few days later, they extended their contract until 2019.
After an individual successful period, their contract was extended once again in April 2017 until 2021.
Silkeborg IF
On transfer deadline day, 31 January 2020, Brink joined Silkeborg IF on a 3-year contract.
References
External links
Mark Brink at Esbjerg fB
Mark Brink at DBU
1995 births
Living people
People from Esbjerg
Association football midfielders
Danish footballers
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
Esbjerg fB players
Silkeborg IF players
Denmark youth international footballers
Sportspeople from the Region of Southern Denmark
The Anglican Diocese of The Murray is located in the south-eastern region of South Australia. Founded in 1970 as part of the Province of South Australia, it takes in the Fleurieu Peninsula, Riverland, Adelaide Hills, Murraylands and the southern suburbs of Adelaide. In 2011 the diocese had 22 parishes or pastoral districts. The cathedral church of the diocese is the Cathedral of St John the Baptist, Murray Bridge. The current bishop is Keith Dalby who was enthroned in June 2019.
Structure and churchmanship
In 2011 the diocese had 22 parishes or pastoral districts. The cathedral church of the diocese is the Cathedral of St John the Baptist, Murray Bridge.
The Diocese of The Murray is a traditionalist Anglo-Catholic diocese which does not ordain women to the priesthood. It was the last diocese in the Anglican Church of Australia to admit women to the diaconate, ordaining Margaret Holt as deacon in April 2017.
Ross Davies relinquished the position of bishop in September 2010 and was received into the Roman Catholic Church. John Ford, the Bishop suffragan of Plymouth in the Church of England's Diocese of Exeter, was installed as the new bishop on 6 December 2013. They retired in May 2019 and the Reverend Keith Dalby was elected as their successor.
Bishops of The Murray
References
External links
Official website
Murray
Anglican Church of Australia Ecclesiastical Province of South Australia
Anglo-Catholicism
Glenwood is a historic plantation with a Greek Revival house and several outbuildings, located near Enon, Yadkin County, North Carolina.
Tyre Glen or Tyree Glenn (1800–1875) built one of the largest plantations in western North Carolina in Enon. The estate, known as Glenwood, once had 360 slaves and . The 15-room house, with its Doric columns, was completed in 1837. The soapstone foundation for the house came from Glen's own quarry. The house was restored in the second half of the twentieth century, and is a privately owned residence. Glen's original property included a dam, gristmill and a ferry at the Yadkin River.
Glen spent their early career as a slave trader and land broker, helping set up plantations in Mississippi. Glen's papers are available at the Rubenstein Library, Duke University and have been cited in recent books on the Civil War period. Among the records, is a price table from the early 1850s that values slaves based on their ages. Glenwood was a center for culture in the area. Prominent visitors included North Carolina Gov. Zebulon Vance; and North Carolina Chief Justice Richard M. Pearson. Glen was married to Margaret Ann Bynum (June 8, 1816 - July 3, 1871) daughter of Hampton Bynum and Mary Coleman Martin.
In 1863, a company of 50 uninvited Confederate troops of the 8th Battalion Georgia Infantry descended on Glenwood. In April 1863, Glen's rants against Secession angered the officers, who instigated a plot to lure them from Glenwood and hang them as a traitor. The officers' plot was stopped by heavy rains that washed away the bridge at Deep Creek, and Glen returned to their home.
In July 1864, William Alexander Conrad, a founding member of Enon Baptist Church and member of the Home Guard, was shot at Glenn's Ferry trying to catch what they thought were three deserters who were crossing the river in a small boat. Conrad died several months later. Years after the war, it was learned that the men were Union soldiers who had escaped from prison and were on their way to Ohio.
Glenwood was raided several times during the American Civil War. By the last raid in April 1865, most of the slaves had fled, and there was neither a horse nor a head of cattle left. As the Confederate army disbanded, troops marched along the ferry road that ran through the estate. For weeks, long tables were erected at each side of the house and family members and the few remaining freedmen gave food to all who stopped.
Isaac Jarratt (1812–1875), one of Glen's partners in the slave trade, also settled in the Enon area. Jarratt, who served as a drummer boy during the War of 1812, bought the Davis Durrett plantation in 1835. Many of the Jarratt family papers, including letters and slave receipts, are located in the library at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. During the Civil War, Isaac Jarratt was captain of the Yadkin County Home Guard.
The Jarratt family is also tied to the families of Thomas Lanier Clingman and through marriage to Richard Clauselle Puryear of nearby Huntsville, North Carolina. The Durrett-Jarratt House, on Old U.S. Highway 421, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
External links
Guide to the Tyre Glen papers David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library, Duke University
Guide to the Jarratt-Puryear Family Papers David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library, Duke University
Guide to the Isaac Jarratt Papers at the Southern Historical Collection
Plantation houses in North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival houses in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1851
Houses in Yadkin County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Yadkin County, North Carolina
1851 establishments in North Carolina
The Lyttelton Range () is a narrow northwest-trending mountain range located south of Dunedin Range in the Admiralty Mountains of Antarctica. The range is 26 km (16 mi) long and forms the western wall of the upper part of the Dennistoun Glacier.
Mapped by USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-63. Named by US-ACAN after the port of Lyttelton, New Zealand, where over the years, many expedition ships refueled and replenished supplies en route to Antarctica; also in recognition of the friendship and cooperation of its citizens with American participation in the U.S. Antarctic Research Program.
References
Mountain ranges of the Ross Dependency
Admiralty Mountains
The Minister for Sport and Recreation in New Zealand is the cabinet member appointed by the Prime Minister to be in charge of the Sport New Zealand. The current Minister for Sport and Recreation is Grant Robertson.
List of ministers
The following ministers have held the office of Minister for Sport and Recreation.
Key
Notes
References
Trade
Political office-holders in New Zealand
Cabinet of Donald Tusk may refer to:
First Cabinet of Donald Tusk, from 16 November 2007 to 18 November 2011
Second Cabinet of Donald Tusk, from 18 November 2011 to 22 September 2014
Ocilla may refer to:
Ocilla, Georgia, a town in the United States
Aucilla River, earlier also known as Ocilla, a river in Georgia and Florida, United States
OCILLA, the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act
See also
Ocella
WHQG (102.9 FM, "102.9 The Hog") is an active rock FM radio station licensed to and serving the Milwaukee, Wisconsin area. The station is owned by the Milwaukee Radio Group subsidiary of Saga Communications. Its studios (which are shared with the other four sister stations) and transmitter are located in Milwaukee's West Side.
History
The 102.9 frequency started out in 1962 as WRIT-FM, simulcasting its sister station's Top 40 format. In 1971, they became WFWO-FM (For Women Only), and played light adult contemporary music.
The station flipped to country music on October 1, 1972 as WBCS. WBCS found success with the format, since they were the only country station in the market at the time (WMIL had switched to Top 40 as WZUU the year before).
WLZR succeeded WBCS-FM with a hard rock format on February 16, 1987. "Lazer 103" dominated the album-oriented rock market, such that competing station WQFM switched to smooth jazz in 1996. WLZR's longtime morning show of Bob and Brian debuted in July 1987. The station ran a simulcast on sister station 1340 AM beginning in the WBCS era, sporadically until 1997, when 1340 AM became the faith-based WJYI.
Even with Bob & Brian's success, during Lazer 103's last few years, the aging audience of Bob and Brian's show did not translate to listenership of the station's younger-skewing active rock format the rest of the day, as older listeners dispersed to the more work-appropriate offerings of sister station WKLH, or WKTI and other offerings after the show's end. Also in 2004, WLTQ suddenly dropped their light adult contemporary format and switched to 1980s-oriented classic rock as "97.3 The Brew", which also stripped listeners of WLZR post-Bob and Brian, along with WKLH. Management decided to rebuild the station around the demographic of their popular morning show, along with the general decline in the active rock format altogether at the time.
On August 15, 2005, WLZR started stunting with wide-ranging music and teasers. They even played songs with the word "Jack" in them (in reference to the rapidly growing Jack FM format). The next day, just after 10:00, Bob and Brian signed off their morning show by signing on a new radio station -- "102.9 The Hog". The station re-imaged itself, dropped much of the younger-skewing rock music from bands like Slipknot, Mudvayne and Linkin Park, added more rock from the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, and widely expanded their playlist. The new slogan was "Everything That Rocks", and serves as a harder rocking counterpart to its classic rock sister, WKLH. Another slogan used to help change the station's image and to steal listeners from other stations included "Not Just the 80's, Everything That Rocks". The results of the image and playlist changes were immediate. "The Hog" soon eclipsed "The Brew" in the local ratings, eventually hastening their May 2010 conversion to Top 40 as WRNW.
The Hog's mascot hog was named "Dr. Squealgood" in a contest which is takeoff of a popular Mötley Crüe song: "Dr. Feelgood". The Hog branding's success has led to Janesville, Wisconsin station WWHG changing its branding to mirror WHQG's.
Recently, WHQG's format shifted back towards active rock, similar to the former WLZR.
References
External links
102.9 The Hog official website
Bob and Brian's official website
Milwaukee radio: a retrospective
"Lazer 103 to change music format" (JSonline.com)
"The Hog offers no sentiment for Lazer" (JSonline.com)
HQG
Active rock radio stations in the United States
Abdulai Abanga (born 25 May 1970) is a Ghanaian politician who is a member of the New Patriotic Party.  They are the member of parliament for the Binduri constituency in the Upper East Region.
Early life and education
Abdulai was born in Akwatia a town in the Eastern region of Ghana on 25 May 1970 but they hail from Binduri/Bawku in the Upper East Region of Ghana. They attended Akwatia L/A Primary School and later continued at Bansi Primary School in Binduri and had their High school education at the Ghana Secondary School (Ghanasco), in Tamale.
References
Living people
1970 births
New Patriotic Party politicians
Ghanaian MPs 2021–2025
People from Eastern Region (Ghana)
Joseph Everett Chandler (December 11, 1863 – August 19, 1945) is considered a major proponent of the Colonial Revival architecture.
Biography
Joseph Everett Chandler was the son of a butcher. They grew up driving carriage-loads of tourists around Plymouth to see its sites.
Chandler attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.) and was an apprentice of McKim, Mead & White, Charles Howard Walker, William Pretyman, Burnham and Root, and Rotch & Tilden.
 They are considered a pioneering designer of queer space. They designed Red Roof for A. Piatt Andrew, which inspired interior designer Henry Davis Sleeper to build their own Beauport next door.
Career
Chandler is mostly known to have overseen the restoration of the Paul Revere House and the House of Seven Gables. They worked with George Warren Cole.
With George Francis Dow, they conceived Pioneer Village as a means to demonstrate life in 1630.
In 1892 they published The Colonial Architecture of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia and in 1916 The colonial house with R.M. McBride & company.
Works
1898: designed The Frederic C. Adams Public Library, an historic library building at 33 Summer Street in Kingston, Massachusetts. The library was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
1898: restored the Isaac Royall House.
1900s: restored The Old Farm, an historic First Period house at 9 Maple Street in Wenham, Massachusetts. The restoration job was the subject of an article in a 1921 edition of House Beautiful. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
1902: restored the Paul Revere House.
1902: designed Red Roof for A. Piatt Andrew (demolished)
1909: designed the Wright Memorial Library. Georgianna Wright (1837–1919) hired Chandler to design a brick library in the colonial revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in July 2007.
1908 to 1910: restored the House of the Seven Gables.
1913: designed Marsh Room, the double-height hall of the Harvard Musical Association, of which Chandler was a member.
1914 to 1918: remodeled two late-Federal period farmhouses to become The Stevens–Coolidge Place. Also enhanced the design of the landscape, which eventually included a perennial garden, a kitch and flower garden, and a rose garden (all in the Colonial Revival style).
1920: Hammond House Alteration Original House of Thomas Hammond, owned by William H. Coburn Esquire at time of restoration.
1921: restored the Harlow Old Fort House. In 1974 the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
1933: designed The Ballou-Newbegin House, an historic house on Old Marlborough Road in Dublin, New Hampshire. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
1863 births
1946 deaths
19th-century American architects
People from Plymouth, Massachusetts
20th-century American architects
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Oliver Ingraham Lay (1845-1890), was an American portrait painter.
Original art education in the United States. They traveled to Europe in 1860 they returned to the United States and began their professional career as an artist. There was a regular exhibitor Century Association and the National Academy of Design.
Died June 28, 1890, in Stratford, Connecticut. They were buried at the New York Cemetery Cedar Hill Cemetery and Mausoleum.
They were married to Hester Marian Wait Lay (1845-1900), they had a son - Charles Lay (1877-1956) - American architect.
Their works are in museum collections in the United States and England, including the National Academy of Design, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, Art Gallery of the Royal Shakespeare Theatre (Stratford-upon-Avon, England).
Gallery
External links
Oliver Ingraham Lay, Charles Downing Lay, and Lay family papers
Oliver Ingraham Lay
1845 births
1890 deaths
19th-century American painters
American male painters
19th-century male artists
American portrait painters
Cooper Union alumni
Houston Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Cypress, Texas, United States. It is developed and owned by Simon Property Group. The mall started construction in May 2007 and opened on March 27, 2008, with 120 outlet stores. Houston Premium Outlets has about 800,000 square feet (0.07 km2) of retail space.
Shopping Center
Houston Premium Outlets is a one-story complex of buildings that sits on 3.6 million square feet (0.34 km2) of total land, located just off of US-290 at the Fairfield Place Drive exit. Immediately surrounding it is the Fairfield community. The mall has 3 wings with a main entrance at its south part.
Outlet stores and retailers include Nike Factory Store, Banana Republic Factory Store, Skechers Factory Outlet, J. Crew Factory Store, Converse, Aeropostale, Versace, Express Factory Outlet, Sunglass Hut, Kate Spade Outlet, U.S. Polo Assn. Outlet, Calvin Klein, Old Navy Outlet, Zumiez, PacSun, and Claire's. Katy mills also have a food court and previously had a play area. In the food court are various restaurants including Charleys Philly Steaks, Asian Too, Villa Fresh Italian Kitchen, and Starbucks. There is also a Holiday Inn Express and Shell apart from the main structure.
In March 2022, LongHorn Steakhouse opened a new location in the mall, being the first dine-in restaurant in Houston Premium Outlets.
History
In 2018, Houston Premium Outlets underwent major renovations, and added an Old Navy and Polo Ralph Lauren Factory Store.
In April 2022, the mall started a program with Cypress Ranch High School (in nearby Cypress-Fairbanks ISD) to promote recycling and sustainability.
Crime
On October 27, 2018, a man was shot in the mall parking lot and was treated at a local hospital with minor injuries.
On July 15, 2019, a woman stole $16,000 worth of merchandise from different stores in the mall.
On February 26, 2020, a man was wanted by police for taking an inappropriate video of a customer at Finish Line and having many similar additional videos and photos on their phone.
On December 18, 2021, 2 men stole saws and catalytic converters worth a total of $9,000.
References
Shopping malls in Greater Houston
Simon Property Group
Shopping malls established in 2008
2009 establishments in Texas
WVRH (94.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Norlina, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Liberty University, Inc.
History
The station began broadcasting in 2001, and held the call sign WBDS. It was owned by CSN International and aired a Christian format. Its call sign was changed to WJIJ on August 9, 2001. In 2008, CSN International sold WJIJ, along with a number of other stations, to Calvary Radio Network, Inc. These stations were sold to Calvary Chapel Costa Mesa later that year. In 2010, Calvary Chapel Costa Mesa sold WJIJ and several other stations to Liberty University for $1.25 million, and the station's call sign was changed to WVRH.
References
External links
VRH
Liberty University
VRH
Contemporary Christian radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 2001
2001 establishments in North Carolina
A twenty-three-part referendum was held in Palau on 4 November 2008 alongside the country's general elections. Voters were asked questions on requirements of citizenship to hold office, government provision of primary school and health care, the definition of marriage and term limits for Parliament. Only the proposal permitting naturalization for certain adoptees failed to obtain the requisite majority of the vote and majority in 3/4th of the states.
Results
No dual citizenship for President
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to prohibit dual citizens from being eligible to hold the office of President or Vice President. It would amend Article VIII, Section 3 of the Constitution to read:
Separate election of President and Vice President
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to permit the President and Vice President to be elected separately. It was meant to undo joint election, which was passed by referendum in 2004. It would amend Article VIII, Section 4 of the Constitution to read:
Definition of the inauguration of President and Vice President
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to specifically define the end date of a presidential and vice presidential term and the inauguration of a new one. It would add a new paragraph to Article VIII, Section 4 of the Constitution which read:
Right to trial by jury for serious crimes
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to require a trial by jury for serious crimes. It would add a new section to Article IV of the Constitution which would read:
No dual citizens as members of Parliament
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to prevent dual citizens from being elected to Parliament. It would amend Article IX, Section 6 of the Constitution to read as follows:
Limits on compensation for members of Parliament
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to limit the compensation paid to members of Parliament. It would amend Article IX, Section 8 of the Constitution to read as follows:
Beginning and end of a legislative term
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to define the beginning and end of a legislative term. It would amend Article IX, Section 11 of the Constitution to read as follows:
No term limit for members of Parliament
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to repeal the parliamentary term limits amendment passed in 2004. It read as follows:
Separation of Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to separate the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court from the Trial Division. It would amend Article X Section 2 to read as follows:
Constitutional voting anytime
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to permit amendment of the constitution by referendum at any time, where referenda had previously been limited to taking place during general elections. It would amend Article XIV, Section 2 to read as follows:
Academic freedom at all levels
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to ensure a right to academic freedom in all institutions of higher learning. It would add a new section to Article IV to read as follows:
Dual citizenship with all possible states
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to ensure a right to academic freedom in all institutions of higher learning. It would amend the constitutional section on "Allowing Palauans Multiple Citizenship" to read as follows::
Naturalization for adoptees
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to permit adoptees to petition the government for naturalization. It would amend Article III, Section 4 to read as follows:
This was the only proposal among the package of twenty-three which failed.
Postal voting for citizens overseas
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to permit overseas Palauans to vote by absentee ballot. It would amend Article VII to read as follows:
Land acquisition for diplomatic purposes
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to permit foreign countries to acquire land for diplomatic purposes. It would amend Article XIII, Section 8 to read as follows:
Land acquisition for non-Palauans limited to 99 years
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to limit land ownership by non-Palauans to 99 years. It would amend Article XIII, Section 8 to read as follows:
Support for Palauan culture
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to require the government to support Palauan traditional culture. It would amend Article V, adding a new paragraph which read as follows:
Marriage as between a man and a woman only
Voters were asked whether they approved of a popular initiative to amend the constitution defining marriage as between a man and a woman. Article IV, Section 13 of the Constitution would be amended to read as follows:
Free primary school
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to require the government to provide free education for grades one through twelve. It would amend Article VI to read as follows:
Free preventive health care
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to require the government to provide free health care. It would add a new section to Article IV to read as follows:
Priority of Palauan before the English language in the Constitution
Voters were asked whether they approved of a popular initiative to amend the constitution to give the Palauan version priority of interpretation over the English version. Article XIII, Section 2 of the Constitution would be amended to read as follows:
Definition of territorial waters
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to define the nation's territorial waters. It would amend Article I, Sections 1 and 2 to read as follows:
Judicial Appointments Commission only Palauan citizens
A popular initiative proposed amending the constitution to require all members of the Judicial Nominating Commission to be citizens of Palau. It would amend Article 7 Chapter X to read as follows:
References
2008 referendums
2008 in Palau
Referendums in Palau
LGBT in Palau
Moca chlorolepis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1900. It is found on Christmas Island.
References
Moths described in 1900
Immidae
Moths of Australia
The Reid and Sigrist R.S.1 Snargasher was a British twin-engined, three-seat advanced trainer developed in the Second World War.
Design and development
Reid and Sigrist in Desford, Leicester, United Kingdom, were an important instrument manufacturer in the interwar era, specialising in aircraft applications leading to the forming of an aviation division in 1937 at New Malden, Surrey factory site. The first product was a unique twin-engined advanced trainer powered by a pair of de Havilland Gipsy Six II (205 hp, 152 kW) engines. Although basically a conventional mid-wing "taildragger" design with mainly wooden construction (the tail surfaces were fabric covered), the fuselage/wing surfaces had plywood covering, and the cockpit featured a sliding canopy for the three-seat configuration, that was in vogue at the time for training. An alternate light bomber configuration was also proposed with a pilot and radio operator/navigator in the front compartment and a rear-facing gunner position behind equipped with a single machine gun.
Operational history
The prototype, registered as G-AEOD on 9 October 1936, had its first flight early in 1939 with Reid and Sigrist test pilot George E. Lowdell at the controls. The R.S.1 named whimsically "Snargasher" by the factory workers during its construction (the name which was eventually formally adapted had no meaning other than as a "family joke") made its first public appearance at the Heathrow Garden Party of the Royal Aeronautical Society on 15 May 1939 with its Certificate of Airworthiness issued on 3 June 1939.
Further development of the type was suspended as the company became a wartime engineering and production concern with Bolton-Paul Defiant and Hawker Hurricane assembly and repair contracts. The R.S.1 was used as a communications aircraft by Reid and Sigrist, retaining its civil registration but flying in green/brown camouflage until the sole prototype was broken up in 1944. By that point, a more definitive development had been started, the R.S.3 "Desford" which was intended for postwar use.
Specifications (R.S.1)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Gunston, Bill. Back to the Drawing Board: Aircraft That Flew, but Never Took Off. London: Zenith Imprint, 1996. .
Swanborough, Gordon. British Aircraft at War, 1939–1945. East Sussex, UK: HPC Publishing, 1997. .
1930s British military trainer aircraft
1939 establishments in the United Kingdom
Twin-tail aircraft
This is a list of seasons completed by the Belfast Giants ice hockey team presently of the British Elite League. This list documents the season-by-season records of the Belfast Giants from their foundation as members of the Ice Hockey Superleague in 2000 to the present day.
The Giants have won two league titles, in 2001–02 and 2005–06 and one Playoff Championship, in 2002–03.
Footnotes
References
giants-history.com
panthershistory.co.uk
BBC News Online
Belfast-related lists
Seasons
Dean Rickles (born July 17, 1977) is Professor of History and Philosophy of Modern Physics at the University of Sydney and a Director of the Sydney Centre for Time.
Life
Dean Rickles was born in Hull, Yorkshire. They briefly trained as a concert pianist at the London College of Music, before switching to philosophy. They received an MA from the University of Sheffield (1999) and PhD from the University of Leeds (2004). During a two-year postdoctoral fellowship at the University of Calgary in 2005, they worked on the application of complex systems theory to population health. They took up a lectureship at the University of Sydney in 2007 and was awarded a five-year Australian Research Council fellowship in 2008 followed by an Australian Research Council Future Fellowship in 2014.
They have one daughter, Gaia (born 2004). Their spouse is Miroslava Hirnerova. They live in the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia.
Work
Rickles primary focus is on string theory, quantum gravity, and symmetries. Their doctoral dissertation, Quantum Gravity in Philosophical Focus (published as a book in 2007), set the foundations for their oft-quoted work within history of string theory and as well as deepening our understanding of the foundations and history of quantum gravity more generally with a series of studies and interviews, culminating in their book Covered in Deep Mist: The Development of Quantum Gravity, 1916-1956 (Oxford University Press 2020).
Other philosophical papers include econophysics, public health and musicology, as well as deeper issues such as the question of Why there is anything at all
In a 2012 collaboration with Huw Price, they developed the John Templeton Foundation project New Agendas for the Study of Time: Connecting the Disciplines.
Rickles are president of Australian Association for the History, Philosophy, and Social Studies of Science and
Society (AAHPSSS) during the period 2012–2014.  They are also a member of the New York Academy of Sciences and the Foundational Questions Institute. They co-edits the Routledge Studies in the Philosophy of Mathematics and Physics with Elaine Landry.
Selected works
Covered with Deep Mist: The Development of Quantum Gravity, 1916-1956 (Oxford University Press 2020)
What is Philosophy of Science? (Polity Press 2020)
Quantum Gravity in the First Half of the 20th Century: A Sourcebook, co-authored with Alex Blum. (Max Planck Research Library for the History and Development of Knowledge 2018)
Thinking about Science, Reflecting on Art, co-edited with O. Bueno, G. Darby, and S. French (Routledge 2017)
Dualities in Physics, co-edited with Elena Castellani (Special issue: Studies in the History and Philosophy of Modern Physics 2017)
Philosophy of Physics (Polity Press 2016)
Information and Interaction: Eddington, Wheeler, and the Limits of Knowledge, co-edited with Ian Durham (Springer 2016)
A Brief History of String Theory: From Dual Models to M-Theory (Springer 2014)
Principles of Quantum Gravity, co-edited with Karen Crowther (Special issue: Studies in the History and Philosophy of Modern Physics 2014)
Structural Realism: Structure, Object, and Causality, co-edited with Elaine Landry (The Western Ontario Series in Philosophy of Science, Volume 77, Springer 2012)
The Role of Gravitation in Physics, co-edited with Cécile DeWitt (Max Planck Research Library for the History and Development of Knowledge, Volume 5, 2011)
Ashgate Companion to Contemporary Philosophy of Physics (Ashgate 2008)
Symmetry, Structure, and Spacetime, Series on Philosophy and Foundations of Physics, Volume 3 (Elsevier 2007)
The Structural Foundations of Quantum Gravity, co-edited with Steven French and Juha Saatsi (Oxford University Press 2006)
References
External links
Faculty page at University of Sydney
Jesse Dylan talking to Dean Rickles, Tim Maudlin, and Phillip Stamp
Closer to the Truth overview of Dean Rickles
Peter Woit's discussion of A Brief History of String Theory, by Dean Rickles
Wolfgang Lerche's review for the CERN Courier of A Brief History of String Theory, by Dean Rickles
1975 births
21st-century Australian philosophers
British string theorists
Living people
Philosophers of time
University of Sydney faculty
Wye School is a British, mixed, secondary, free school in Wye, Kent. , it is operated by United Learning.
History
Wye School opened in September 2013, following a community campaign for a free school in the Ashford area.
In June 2015, the school had its first Ofsted inspection and was judged to be 'Good'. That grading was confirmed in 2018.
Academic results
In 2018, the school's first students received their GCSE results. 66% achieved five or more 9-4/A*-C grades including English and mathematics.
In 2019, 78% of students achieved at least a grade 4 or above in both English and mathematics. Forty nine percent achieved grade 5 or above in both subjects.
References
External links
Official site
Secondary schools in Kent
Free schools in England
Educational institutions established in 2013
2013 establishments in England
United Learning schools
Tele may refer to:
Television
Tele (band), a German rock/pop band
Tele Ikuru, Deputy Governor of Rivers State
Télé, Mali, a rural commune of the Cercle of Goundam in the Tombouctou Region of Mali
Telemarketing
Telegraphy
Evening Telegraph (Dundee), a local newspaper in Dundee, Scotland
Fender Telecaster, a guitar
Lake Tele, Republic of the Congo
Telemark skiing, a style of skiing
Tiele people, an ancient Turkic tribal confederation
Tele (footballer) (born 1990), Brazilian footballer
Loved by Few, Hated by Many is the eleventh solo studio album (and mainstream debut) by American rapper Lil' Keke from Houston, Texas. After being delayed for more than two years, it was released on November 18, 2008 through TF Records and Universal Motown Records.
The album includes the singles "I'm a G" featuring Birdman, "Money in the City" featuring Slim Thug, Paul Wall & Tre Virdure, "What It's Made For" and "She Loves Gangstas".
Track listing
Chart positions
References
External links
2008 albums
Lil' Keke albums
Albums produced by Bangladesh (record producer)
Lukas Hofer (born 30 September 1989) is an Italian biathlete.
Career
Hofer competed for Italy at the 2010 Winter Olympics in biathlon. Together with Karin Oberhofer, Dorothea Wierer and Dominik Windisch they won a bronze medal in the Mixed relay at the 2014 Winter Olympics, in Sochi, Russia. Then four years later at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang County, South Korea together with Lisa Vittozzi, Dorothea Wierer and Dominik Windisch, they once again won a bronze medal in the Mixed relay.
Further notable results
2007: 3rd, Italian Biathlon Championships, sprint
2008: 1st, Italian Biathlon Championships, mass start
2009: 3rd, Italian Biathlon Championships, mass start
2011:
1st, Italian Biathlon Championships, sprint
1st, Italian Biathlon Championships, mass start
2012:
3rd, Italian Biathlon Championships, sprint
3rd, Italian Biathlon Championships, pursuit
Biathlon results
All results are sourced from the International Biathlon Union.
Olympic Games
2 medals (2 bronze medals)
World Championships
4 medals (2 silver, 2 bronze)
*During Olympic seasons competitions are only held for those events not included in the Olympic program.
**The single mixed relay was added as an event in 2019.
Junior/Youth World Championships
Individual victories
2 victory (2 Sp)
*Results are from IBU races which include the Biathlon World Cup, Biathlon World Championships and the Winter Olympic Games.
References
External links
Italian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Italy
Biathletes at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Germanophone Italian people
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bruneck
Biathlon World Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in biathlon
Cross-country skiers of Centro Sportivo Carabinieri
George Edward McNally (December 24, 1923 — December 16, 1987) was an American lawyer, soldier, politician and bureaucrat. Born and educated in Illinois, they became a community leader in Mobile, Alabama and its first Republican mayor elected since Reconstruction, after winning election as the city's Public Safety Commissioner in the 1960s. McNally later became a federal bureaucrat and ran the south eastern regional office of the (newly established) Urban Mass Transit Administration in Atlanta, Georgia in the 1970s.
Early life and education
George E. McNally was born on Christmas eve, 1923 in Chicago, Illinois to Michigan-born Dr. William D. McNally and their Illinois-born wife Helen. Like their elder brother Jerome, they attended Chicago Public Schools, graduating from Schurz High School in 1941. During World War II, McNally was activated from the Army reserves in 1943, assigned to the Office of Strategic Services and worked behind enemy lines in the China/Burma/India Himalayan corridor. Using the GI bill, they graduated from Northwestern University School of Law and by 1955 moved to Mobile, Alabama, where they became a community leader during desegregation controversies following the Supreme Court's decisions in Brown v. Board of Education. McNally was a Methodist and active in the American Legion and Veterans of Foreign Wars based on their military service, as well as the Georgia chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution (becoming the chapter president) and the Mayflower Society, both based on their family background.
In October 1956, they married Mobile native and southern belle, Emily Bell (1924-2017), a doctor's daughter and Wesleyan College graduate who had been a member of the Queen's Court of the Mobile Mardi Gras in 1947, and who taught drama at the Julius T. Wright School for Girls in Mobile and later at the Callanwolde Fine Arts Center of Atlanta, Georgia. They had two sons, George Edward McNally Jr. and Jerome Bell McNally, both of whom survived them, as did several grandchildren.
Politics
George E. McNally entered the Republican Party, and won election to the governing City Commission in 1961 by defeating incumbent Public Safety commissioner Henry R. Luscher, as racial tensions escalated in the area due to the city's huge growth during and after World War II, as well as Massive Resistance to the U.S. Supreme Court decisions in Brown v. Board of Education. McNally became the first Republican elected to office in Mobile since Reconstruction.
McNally pushed to create an Industrial Development Board with the power to issue bonds, as well as attract new business to the area, greatly dependent upon Brookley Air Force Base. However, the local Chamber of Commerce considered such its job, and the IDB board would be disbanded.
Their term as Mayor of Mobile was when the title was co-extensive with the presidency of the City Commission. During protests following integration of Murphy High School in September 1963, commissioner McNally worked with fellow commissioner (and Democrat) Joseph N. Langan to de-escalate. However, Alabama's new governor George Wallace vehemently opposed desegregation in the state, and while Mobile did not experience the violence of Birmingham and Selma, cross-burnings and fire-bombings did occur. The Birdie Mae Davis school desegregation case would drag on until 1997, even after a decision unfavorable to the Mobile County School Board in 1971. Meanwhile, following Alabama's vote for Republican Presidential candidate Barry Goldwater in the 1964 elections, President Lyndon B. Johnson declared Brookley Air Force base faced closure, and challenger Arthur R. Outlaw defeated McNally's re-election bid in 1965. Outlaw had campaigned some with Wallace, although nearly two decades later they would also join the Republican party.
McNally became an administrator of the Urban Mass Transit Administration, which required them to move to Atlanta.
Death and legacy
McNally died of cancer in Atlanta, Georgia in 1988. They were interred in Mobile Memorial Gardens Cemetery, where their wife would join them nearly two decades later.
References
Mayors of Mobile, Alabama
1923 births
1987 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Alabama lawyers
Northwestern University alumni
20th-century American lawyers
Carl Schurz High School alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
Pakatoa Island covers and in the Hauraki Gulf of New Zealand. Purchased in the early 1900s by the Salvation Army it was used as an alcohol treatment centre for women, isolated from the Army's male rehabilitation facility on Rotoroa Island.
The island was sold in 1964 and remains one of the few Hauraki Gulf Islands in private ownership. In 2014 was offered for sale for NZD$35 million (approximately US$29 million). Regarded as sensitive coastal property, purchase by a foreign owner would require approval by the Minister of Finance and Minister of Lands under New Zealand's Overseas Investment Act of 2005.
Development on the island includes a tourist resort, a landing strip and a nine-hole golf course. Actor Russell Crowe once worked at the resort in their youth.
See also
List of islands of New Zealand
References
Islands of the Hauraki Gulf
Private islands of New Zealand
Islands of the Auckland Region
Populated places in the Auckland Region
Populated places around the Hauraki Gulf / Tīkapa Moana
The Wichita State Shockers softball team represents Wichita State University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the American Athletic Conference. The Shockers are currently led by head coach Kristi Bredbenner. The team plays its home games at Wilkins Stadium located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Source:
Coaching staff
References
American Athletic Conference softball
Peter Parkinson (January 22, 1813 in Carter County, Tennessee – May 30, 1895 in Fayette, Wisconsin) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Their father, Daniel Morgan Parkinson, was also a member of the Assembly. Parkinson served in the Black Hawk War under Henry Dodge and later as an officer with the 2d Stryker Cavalry Regiment.
Political career
Parkinson was a member of the Assembly in 1854. They were a Democrat.
References
People from Carter County, Tennessee
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Democrats
American people of the Black Hawk War
Military personnel from Wisconsin
United States Army officers
1813 births
1895 deaths
19th-century American politicians
People from Fayette, Wisconsin
This is a listing of vintage and modern covered bridges located in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Bridges
Below is a list of some of the other historic covered bridges in Minnesota which were eventually destroyed, removed or altered.
References
External links
Minnesota covered bridges
Bridges, covered
Covered Bridges
John Broadwood & Sons is an English piano manufacturer, founded in 1728 by Burkat Shudi and continued after their death in 1773 by John Broadwood.
Early history
John Broadwood (1732–1812), a Scottish joiner and cabinetmaker, came to London in 1761 and began to work for the Swiss harpsichord manufacturer Burkat Shudi. They married Shudi's daughter eight years later and became a partner in the firm in 1770. As the popularity of the harpsichord declined, the firm concentrated increasingly on the manufacture of pianos, abandoning the harpsichord altogether in 1793.
Broadwood's son, James Shudi Broadwood, had worked for the firm since 1785, and, in 1795, the firm began to trade as John Broadwood & Son. When Broadwood's third son, Thomas Broadwood, became a partner in 1808, the firm assumed the name of John Broadwood & Sons Ltd, which it retains to this day. The firm's busiest time period was during the 1850s, when approximately 2,500 instruments were produced annually.
Innovations
Broadwood produced their first square piano in 1771, after the model of Johannes Zumpe, and worked assiduously to develop and refine the instrument, moving the wrest plank of the earlier pianoforte, which had sat to the side of the case as in the clavichord, to the back of the case in 1781, straightening the keys, and replacing the hand stops with pedals. In 1785 Thomas Jefferson, later to be third President of the United States, visited Broadwood in Great Pulteney Street, Soho, to discuss musical instruments.
In 1789, at Jan Ladislav Dussek's suggestion, they extended the range of their grand piano beyond five octaves to CC in the treble, and again to six full octaves in 1794.
The improved instruments became popular with musicians such as Joseph Haydn, who used them on their first visit to London in 1791.
Ludwig van Beethoven received a six octave Broadwood in 1818, a gift from Thomas Broadwood, which they kept for the rest of their life. Although their impaired hearing may well have prevented them appreciating its tone, they seem to have preferred it to their Erard which had a similar range. Above the company label on the front edge of the pin block the following text can be read: ″Hoc Instrumentum est Thomae Broadwood (Londrini) donum propter ingenium illustrissime Beethoven.″ [This instrument is a gift from Thomas Broadwood of London in recognition of the most illustrious genius of Beethoven.]
Frédéric Chopin played Broadwood instruments in Britain, including at the last concert of their life given at Guildhall, London, in 1848. Although they liked Broadwoods, they appear to have preferred the French make Pleyel.
1980s and 1990s
After a long period of decline ending in near bankruptcy, the business was rescued in the mid 1980s by a consortium headed up by Geoffrey Simon, a keen amateur pianist and successful business person from Birmingham. Mr Simon took on the mantle of CEO and under their flight attendantship John Broadwood & Sons entered a period during which a number of innovations were developed. These included the limited edition 'Linley piano' an upright piano designed by Viscount Linley and their partner Matthew Rice, plus the design and patenting of the 'barless' grand piano in 1997 which was manufactured by Birmingham firm of Ladbrooke Pianos, who produced half a dozen a year.
2000s
The company holds a Royal Warrant as a manufacturer and tuner of pianos. Following the death of Geoffrey Simon in 2006, the company was acquired in 2008 by Alastair Laurence, a piano builder and technician with family ties to the Broadwood firm dating back to 1787. To coincide with the change in ownership, new restoration and conservation workshops are now located at Finchcocks, Goudhurst, Kent, England.
Broadwood archives
The company's archives are held at the Surrey History Centre.
References
External links
John Broadwood & Sons Piano Manufacturers – Surrey County Council
Johann Christian Bach: Sonate G-Dur, allegro
John Broadwood & Sons Grand Piano (16000, London 1843) – The Piano in Polish Collections
British Royal Warrant holders
Companies based in Kent
Piano manufacturing companies of the United Kingdom
British brands
Piano makers
Sukkal (conventionally translated from Sumerian as "vizier") was a term which could denote both a type of official and a class of deities in ancient Mesopotamia. The historical sukkals were responsible for overseeing the execution of various commands of the kings and acted as diplomatic envoys and translators for foreign dignitaties. The deities referred to as sukkals fulfilled a similar role in mythology, acting as servants, advisors and envoys of the main gods of the Mesopotamian pantheon, such as Enlil or Inanna. The best known sukkal is the goddess Ninshubur. In art, they were depicted carrying staffs, most likely understood as their attribute. They could function as intercessory deities, believed to mediate between worshipers and the major gods.
The office sukkal is also known from various areas to the west and east of Mesopotamia, including the Hurrian kingdom Arrapha, Syrian Alalakh and Mari and Elam under the rule of the Sukkalmah Dynasty, while the concept of divine sukkals was incorporated into Hurrian religion, in which major gods such as Kumarbi or Hebat commonly appear in company of their sukkals, similar to their Mesopotamian counterparts.
The office of sukkal
The word sukkal (Akkadian: sukkallu) has Sumerian origin and at first denoted a class of human officials, responsible for the implementation of the commands of the king. Translations found in literature include "vizier," "secretary," and "chancellor." Tonia Sharlach notes that "vizier" is considered to be the standard translation today. The same word is also conventionally employed as a translation of the name of another, unrelated, office, badalum, used in northern Syrian cities, such as Harran and Abarsal, in the third millennium BCE. It is also the conventional term for the head of the Eblaite administration, most likely referred to as lugal sa-za. The word sukkal is attested in Eblaite documents, but seemingly designates a type of clergyman instead.
This office of sukkal is also known from outside southern Mesopotamia, for example from Mari from Alalakh in western Syria, from the Hurrian kingdom of Arrapha in northeastern Mesopotamia, and from Elam. At least in southern Mesopotamia and Mari, a sukkal served as an intermediary between the royal administration and foreign envoys. There is evidence that they often knew more than one language and acted as translators, and some were likely foreigners or children of foreigners who settled in Mesopotamia. In some cases, a specific foreign dignitary was always mentioned alongside the same local sukkal accompanying him.
A related office, known from Early Dynastic Girsu and from the administrative texts of the Third Dynasty of Ur, was that of the sukkalmah (GAL.SUKKAL, sukkalmaḫḫu). Tonia Sharlach proposes this term should be understood as the equivalent of a modern secretary of state. A sukkalmah was in charge of a number of sukkals. In Elam, this term was adopted as a royal title, possibly because the sukkalmahs of the Ur III state, who resides in Lagash, close to Elamite territory, were in charge of the territories surrounding Susa when the state they served reached its maximal extent. The so-called Sukkalmah Dynasty ruled over Elam in the early second millennium BCE.
Some lexical texts explain sukkal as pašišu, "salve priest," though the reason behind the equation of these two terms is not known.
Sukkal as a type of deities
In Mesopotamian religion, some deities were designated as sukkals, and founctioned as a divine counterpart of the human officials. Due to more direct evidence present in myths compared to economic and administrative texts, their functions are better known than these of their human namesakes. A sukkal was the highest ranked member of a deity's court, and in some cases in god lists could appear even before their children. At the same time, not every servant deity was a sukkal. Three distinct classes of divine servants can be found in various documents: advisers and representatives (including the sukkal), deities dealing with the personal needs of a god, and finally those tasked with upkeep of their household, such as divine cooks or gardeners. In myths, sukkals act both as traveling envoys of their masters, and as their advisors at home. Wisdom was frequently regarded as a trait of this class of deities. While most deities had courtiers, usually only these whose position in the pantheon was well established had sukkals, and sukkals of the major city gods were likely the oldest deities of this type. Instances of a sukkal having a sukkal of their own, while known, should be regarded as an anomaly according to Richard L. Litke. For example, Niĝgina, a sukkal of the sun god Utu, had their own sukkal, as did Alammuš, the sukkal of the moon god Nanna.
The goddess Ninshubur is regarded by Assyriologists as "the earliest and most important" sukkal, the "archetypal vizier of the gods."
The attribute associated with all sukkals was a staff. Papsukkal could be called bēl ḫaṭṭi, "lord of the staff." Similarly, Nuska bore the Sumerian epithet en-ĝidri, "lord of the scepter." Alla, Isimud and Ninshubur were depicted holding staffs too. One possible depiction of Ninshubur carrying a staff is present on the seal of Lugal-ushumgal, governor of Lagash during the reigns of Naram-Sin of Akkad and their son Shar-Kali-Sharri. A sukkal was expected to walk in front of their master, leading the way with their staff. Sukkals could be associated with doors as well. In literary texts, they could be tasked with screening visitors who wanted to see their master.
The title of sukkalmah could be applied to divine sukkals, though there is no evidence that a divine sukkalmah was in charge of regular sukkals, and in some cases a deity had multiple sukkals but none of them was referred as a sukkalmah, while in other a sukkalmah was the only sukkal of their master. Most likely addressing a deity as a sukkalmah was only meant to highlight the high position of their master in the pantheon. Deities addressed as sukkalmah include Nuska (the sukkal of Enlil), Ara (one of the two sukkals of Enki), Ninpirig (one of the sukkals of Utu), Ninshubur (the sukkal of Inanna) and Alammuš (the sukkal of Nanna). A further title used to describe some of the divine sukkals was SAL.ḪÚB2. In most of the texts where this word is attested, it occurs in parallel with "sukkal." It only ever designates gods, not human officials, and only a handful of attestations are known. It is assumed that it referred to a sukkal particularly emotionally close to their master. Deities referred to this way include Ninshubur (both male and female), Bunene, Ninpirig, Nabu and Muduggasa'a (in a bilingual text where they occur as the equivalent of the former), and Innimanizi. The number of references to each of them is not equal, and only Ninshubur is referred to as SAL.ḪÚB2 more than once or twice, with seven recorded instances currently known. In one case, they were labeled as the "beloved SAL.ḪÚB2 of Inanna," and appears right after Dumuzi in an enumeration of deities associated with their mistress, before some of their family members, for example their sister in law Geshtinanna. In some cases, terms such as MUNUS.SUKKAL (for example in the case of Sililitum) or nin-sukkal (in the case of Ninshubur and Amasagnudi) was used to indicate a sukkal was female.
It has been argued that many sukkals simply represented the effect of their masters' actions: the fire god Gibil was served by a deified flame, Nabium, while the weather god Ishkur by a deified lightning, Nimgir. Other seem to be personifications of specific commands, for example Eturammi ("do not slacken"), Nēr-ē-tagmil ("kill, spare not") or Ugur ("destroy"). However, Frans Wiggermann points out that neither explanation is suitable for the sukkals of particularly well established deities: Ninshubur, Nuska, Bunene, Isimud and Alammuš, whose character was independent from that of their masters.
It is sometimes argued that a sukkal had to match the gender for their master. However, exceptions to this rule are known. Namtar, Ereshkigal's sukkal, was male. The sukkal of the medicine goddess Gula, Urmašum, was a male deity too. Amasagnudi, regarded as a goddess in known sources, appears as the sukkal of Anu in a single lexical text.
Sukkals could act as intercessory deities, leading to comparisions between them and another class of minor deities, lamma, in modern scholarship. Both of them could be depicted in similar scenes on cylinder seals, leading a human visitor to their divine master. The goddess Lammašaga was identified both as a sukkal and a lamma. A third class of deities involved in intercession were wives of major gods, and on occasion comparisions are made between them and sukkals too, for example the role of a mediator between a major deity and worshipers played by Ninshubur in the cult of Inanna has been compared to that played by the spouses of other major gods, Aya in the cult of Shamash or Shala in Adad's.
Sukkals have also been compared to angels in comparative scholarship, and some researchers, for example Jan van Dijk and Frans Wiggermann, tentatively label study of sukkals as "Sumerian angelology." Similarly, it has been argued that the nature of Lamma deities can be compared to modern idea of guardian angels.
List of sukkals
In addition to the sukkals listed above, according to the god list An = Anum the following deities had sukkals whose names are either not preserved or only partially preserved in known copies: Dingirmah, a goddess from Adab conflated with Ninhursag, Gishhuranki, the wife of Ashgi, Shulpa'e, Panigingarra, and Ninsun. An offering list from Umma from the Ur III period mentions a nameless sukkal of the artisan goddess Ninmug. Frans Wiggermann argues that based on iconographic evidence it can be assumed that sukkals associated with Nanshe and Ningirsu also existed, though their names are unknown.
List of sukkals from outside Mesopotamia
The concept of sukkal was also incorporated into Hurrian religion. The Hurrian spelling of this word was šukkalli. All of the major Hurrian gods were believed to have their own sukkals.
See also
Angels in Judaism
Uthra (in Mandaeism)
References
Bibliography
Sumerian titles
Mesopotamian mythology
Hurrian mythology
Messenger deities
JBHS may refer to:
Bowie High School (Arlington, Texas), in Arlington, Texas
Bowie High School (Austin, Texas), in Austin, Texas
Jack Britt High School, in Cumberland County, North Carolina
Jensen Beach High School, in Jensen Beach, Florida
Joel Barlow High School, in Redding, Connecticut
John Burroughs High School, in Burbank, California
See also
Bowie High School (disambiguation), several high schools of that name
Crazy Boy is a 2016 Kannada-language romance film. The movie stars Dilip Prakash in lead role and Ashika, making their debut as the female lead in the film. Directed by Kannada movie director Mahesh Babu the movie released on 18 August 2016.
This movie also dubbed in Gujarati language as Pahelo Divas (પહેલો દિવસ).
Cast
Dilip Prakash
Ashika Ranganath
P. Ravi Shankar
Rangayana Raghu
Sadhu Kokila
Ananth Nag
Soundtrack
The movie music is composed by music director Jassie Gift. The soundtrack album rights are acquired by Akash Audio. Darshan and Santhanam jointly released audio CD of Kannada cinema ‘Crazy Boy' of debut producer G Chandru in Durgaparameshwari Amma Films.
Track listing
References
External links
2016 films
2010s teen romance films
2010s Kannada-language films
Indian teen romance films
Films set in universities and colleges
Films shot in Bangalore
Films shot in Thailand
Films directed by Mahesh Babu (director)
The 2004 Kazakhstan Premier League was the 13th season of the Kazakhstan Premier League, the highest football league competition in Kazakhstan, and took place between 3 April and 2 November.
Teams
For the 2004 season, the league was expanded to 19 teams from 17. This meant that Almaty and FC Yassi were promoted to the Premier League, and no teams were relegated the previous season.
Before the start of the season Yelimay were renamed Semey, Batys became Akzhayik, Esil Kokshetau became Okzhetpes and promoted teams Tsesna and Yassi became Alma-Ata and Yassi Sairam.
Only Kairat obtained a UEFA license for the 2005/2006 season.
Team overview
League table
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
References
Kazakhstan Premier League seasons
1
Kazakh
Kazakh
is a railway station in the city of Shibata, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Kanazuka Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 35.3 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform and one island platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Kanazuka Station opened on 1 June 1914 With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Surrounding area
Kanazuka Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Shibata, Niigata
Mayabeque can refer to several places in Cuba:
Mayabeque Province, created in 2011, comprising the eastern half of the former Havana Province
Playa Mayabeque (Mayabeque Beach)
Mayabeque River
pt:Mayabeque
Camilo Pérez López Moreira (born 31 March 1969) is a Paraguayan sports organiser. They have been a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) since 2018.
Education
López studied 4th year Law School at the Universidad Católica "Nuestra Señora de la Asunción".
Career
At the age of 19, López started working alongside their father in the family business. In 2019, López took over the presidency of Don Camilo S.A. real estate after their father retired. They were shareholder there, as well as at Clear S.A. Telecommunications Claro Paraguay Agent previously under AMX Paraguay.
Sports Career
López was an active tennis player, they ranked 1st in the nation, in the 12 and under category, the 14 and under category, as well as the 16 and under category.
In Athletics, López represented the Colegio Goethe from 1980 to 1987 in every athletic competition (the 100 meter and relay race).
From 1982 to 1989, López played football for the Goethe Schule team. They were also an avid water skier, becoming the Junior National Bouy Champion from 1983 to 1985, and the National Ski Jump Champion from 1986 to 1987.
In the world of motor sports, from 1990 to 2002, López was an active participant of the National Rally Championship in which they managed to obtain a position as official co-pilot for car companies like Volkswagen and Toyota. They were National Rally Champion in 1995, 1997, 1998, and 2000 and in 2000 they were also South American Rally Champion.
Moriera got involved with sports administration indirectly in high school through their active participation in the student council.
In 2003, they were a delegate of the Centenario Club with the Paraguayan Tennis Association (APT). Where they were also a member of the Tennis Board from 2003 until 2007. Their first official position was as treasurer of the motorsport body which organized competitions in Paraguay, and in South America, in 2004. In 2005, they were a member of the Junior Committee of the Paraguayan Tennis Association, where they then moved up to became president of the ATP from 2006 to 2010, as well as 2010 to 2013. Where they then took on the position of president at the South America Tennis Confederation (COSAT). Additionally in 2011, López became president of the Paraguayan Olympic Committee.
López was a member of the Panam Sports Solidarity Commission, as well as the Executive Council, and was also Chairman of the Finance Commission in 2017. That same year, they were also President of the South American Sports Organization (ODESUR).
In 2018, López became a member of the Executive Council for the Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC), as well as was active in the International Tennis Federation (ITF) as board member, Development Advisor Group member, Regional Presidents Committee member, and chair of the Olympic Movement Engagement Committee. Also in 2018, they were elected member of the International Olympic Committee.
In 2019, they were a member of the 2028 Summer Olympics Olympic Games Coordination Commission, as well as on the Olympic Programme Commission.
Awards
López was named Best Sports Leader of the year 2012, and "favourite Son of Asunción" in 2013 from the Main Board of the local municipality. They have received various recognitions from the National Congress of the Republic of Paraguay for Sporting Achievements during the 2018 South American Games, Cochabamba (2018), and Illustrious Citizens of the City of Asunción (2020).
References
International Olympic Committee members
1969 births
Universidad Católica Nuestra Señora de la Asunción alumni
Living people
Enzo D'Alò (born 7 September 1953) is an Italian animator and director.
Life and career
Born in Naples, D'Alò moved to Turin in 1979 and there they started their career as animator working with the group "La Lanterna Magica". In 1983 they debuted as director of animated shorts, and in 1991 they were chosen to direct the TV-series Pimpa, based on the comic character with the same name. After their feature film debut with La freccia azzurra, D'Alò got a large audience success and critical acclaim with their second work, Lucky and Zorba.
Filmography
Pimpa (TV, 1991)
La freccia azzurra (1996)
Lucky and Zorba (1998)
Momo (2001)
Opopomoz (2003)
Pinocchio (2013)
Pipì Pupù e Rosmarina (TV, 2009; 2014–present)
The chipmaker (2015)
References
External links
1953 births
Italian film directors
Italian animated film directors
Film people from Naples
Living people
Italian animators
Batrachedra albicapitella is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Russia, Korea and Japan.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Dean Smith (born 22 March 1988 in Wolverhampton, West Midlands) is a British racing driver, who was the 2009 champion of the British Formula Renault Championship and winner of that year's McLaren Autosport BRDC Award.
Career
Formula BMW
After previously competing in karting, Smith was awarded a Formula BMW scholarship in 2004, finishing 15th in the Formula BMW UK championship. They took three wins on their way to winning the championship in 2005.
Formula Renault
Smith moved up to the British Formula Renault Championship in 2006, finishing 9th in the overall standings. In 2007, they finished as runner-up to Fortec Motorsport teammate Duncan Tappy. They made the move to the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 in 2008 for Fortec, but finished down in 17th place. Smith finished 2008 by scoring two fourth-placed finishes on their British Formula 3 debut with Fortec. A lack of funds prevented them from a full F3 campaign in 2009, meaning they moved to the Porsche Carrera Cup. They were then given the opportunity to join British Formula Renault team Manor Competition, and took seven victories on their way to winning the title, despite missing the opening round of the championship at Brands Hatch due to them competing in the supporting Porsche races at the circuit. They also took second place in the final race of the Eurocup season at the brand-new Ciudad del Motor de Aragón circuit in Spain.
In December 2009 they were awarded the prestigious McLaren Autosport BRDC Award. As part of the prize they will test a McLaren Formula One car.
GP3 Series
Smith will race in the new GP3 Series in 2010, with Carlin, after securing support from the Racing Steps Foundation.
Complete GP3 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Official website
Career statistics from Driver Database
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Wolverhampton
English racing drivers
Formula BMW UK drivers
British Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
British Formula Three Championship drivers
GP3 Series drivers
Porsche Carrera Cup GB drivers
Carlin racing drivers
Manor Motorsport drivers
Fluid Motorsport Development drivers
BVM Racing drivers
HR 4458 is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Hydra. It has the Gould designation 289 G. Hydrae; HR 4458 is the Bright Star Catalogue designation. At a distance of 31.13 light years, it is the closest star system to the Solar System within this constellation. This object is visible to the naked eye as a dim, orange-hued star with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.97. It is moving closer to the Earth with a heliocentric radial velocity of −22 km/s.
The primary component is K-type main-sequence star with a stellar classification of K0 V. It is around five billion years old with 84% of the Sun's radius. The star is radiating 37% of the Sun's luminosity from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 5,241 K. It has been examined for the presence of an infrared excess, but none was detected.
There is a common proper motion companion at an angular separation of 16.2″, corresponding to a projected separation of . This is a white dwarf star with a classification of DC8. The orbital period of the pair is estimated as .
References
External links
K-type main-sequence stars
HR, 4458
White dwarfs
Binary stars
Hydra (constellation)
CD-32 08179
Crateris, 20
0432
Hydrae, 289
100623
056452
4458
1954 Meistaradeildin was the twelfth season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. The championship was contested in a league format, with four teams playing against each other twice. KÍ Klaksvík won its fourth league title in the season.
Teams
Since there was no second-tier league, all the teams that participated in the 1953 Meistaradeildin could participate in the league. Two teams from Tórshavn, HB and B36, KI from Klaksvík and TB from Tvøroyri contested in the league.
League table
Results
External links
Faroe Islands League Final Tables by webalice.it
Faroese champions by RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
The 1903 Latrobe Athletic Association season was their eighth season in existence. It was a low profile season for Latrobe. The team finished 9–0. Latrobe laid claim to the western Pennsylvania championship after the undefeated season. However, the Franklin Athletic Club was generally considered the 1903 U.S. Pro Football Champions, even though they had refused to play Latrobe.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Latrobe Athletic Association
Latrobe Athletic Association seasons
Greetings to the Devil () is a 2011 Colombian crime film directed by Juan Felipe Orozco. It was released in France as F.A.R.C. - L'instrument de la vengeance.
The plot concerns Angel, an amnestied FARC guerrilla whose daughter is kidnapped by one of their own former victims. The kidnapper's ultimatum is that Angel has 72 hours to eliminate their own former guerrilla unit in order to save their daughter.
Cast
Édgar Ramírez as Ángel Sotavento
Ricardo Vélez as Leder
Carolina Gómez as Helena
Salvador del Solar as Moris
Patrick Delmas as Serge
References
External links
2011 films
2011 crime films
2010s Spanish-language films
Colombian crime films
The Massachusetts House of Representatives is the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court, the state legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It is composed of 160 members elected from 14 counties each divided into single-member electoral districts across the Commonwealth. The House of Representatives convenes at the Massachusetts State House in Boston.
Qualifications
Any person seeking to get elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives must meet the following qualifications:
Be at least eighteen years of age
Be a registered voter in Massachusetts
Be an inhabitant of the district for at least one year prior to election
Receive at least 150 signatures on nomination papers
Representation
Originally, representatives were apportioned by town. For the first 150 persons, one representative was granted, and this ratio increased as the population of the town increased. The largest membership of the House was 749 in 1812 (214 of these being from the District of Maine); the largest House without Maine was 635 in 1837. The original distribution was changed to the current regional population system in the 20th century. Until 1978, there were 240 members of the house, a number in multi-member districts; today there are 160 in single-member districts.
Today, each Representative represents about 40,000 residents. Their districts are named for the counties they are in and tend to stay within one county, although districts often cross county lines. Representatives serve two-year terms which are not limited.
The Sacred Cod
Within the House's debating chamber hangs the Sacred Cod of Massachusetts. The pine carving of the cod was offered by Representative John Rowe in 1784 in commemoration of the state's maritime economy and history. Two previous carvings of the cod existed during the legislature's colonial era; the first destroyed in a fire in 1747, and the second during the American War of Independence. Since 1784, the current Sacred Cod has been present at nearly every House session, and moved to its current location when the House began convening in the State House in 1798.
In 1933, members of the Harvard Lampoon stole the cod carving as part of a prank. The theft sparked a large statewide search by the Boston and Massachusetts State Police. Following outrage from Boston newspapers and the General Court itself, the cod was anonymously handed back.
Composition
The Democrats hold a supermajority in the House.
Leadership
The Speaker of the House presides over the House of Representatives. The Speaker is elected by the majority party caucus followed by confirmation of the full House through the passage of a House Resolution. As well as presiding over the body, the Speaker is also the chief leader, and controls the flow of legislation. Other House leaders, such as the majority and minority leaders, are elected by their respective party caucuses relative to their party's strength in the House.
The current Speaker of the House is Ronald Mariano of the 3rd Norfolk District.
Leaders
The most recent election of members was held on November 3, 2020. Representatives serve two-year terms.
Committees
The current standing committees in the Massachusetts House of Representatives are as follows:
Current members and districts
Past composition of the House of Representatives
See also
2021–2022 Massachusetts legislature
List of current Massachusetts House of Representatives committees
List of speakers of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Massachusetts State House
Massachusetts Senate
Massachusetts General Court
List of former districts of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
List of Massachusetts General Courts
Massachusetts Government
List of members of the colonial Massachusetts House of Representatives
References
Representative Districts, accessed April 9, 2006
House Members of the General Court
Further reading
1951, 1957, 1961, 1967, 1971, 1977, 1981, 1987, 1993, 1997, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007
(Per Chapter 11, Acts of 1988. Based on 1985 census)
External links
House of Representatives
State lower houses in the United States
Badland (stylized BADLAND) is a mobile video game developed by Finland-based Frogmind Games and first released on the iOS and Android platforms in 2013. It was released on Windows Phone 8 in June 2014. There is also a Game of the Year Edition that was released in May 2015 for PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Xbox One, Wii U and Steam for Linux, Microsoft Windows and OS X, and in August 2021 for Nintendo Switch. In December 2015, its sequel Badland 2 was released on iOS and Android. For the same platforms, a real-time strategy spin-off, Badland Brawl, was released in September 2018, where gameplay is a mash-up between Angry Birds and Clash Royale.
Gameplay
The player flies around a little black creature called a Clone through the woods of the game. Beginning in Day I, the game progresses through four stages which consist of Dawn, Noon, Dusk, and Night, each with a separate color scheme and new theme of traps. As the player goes through Day I, egg-shaped machines begin to come out of the water of the background. Heading into the night, the machines begin to turn on and the game becomes harder as the machines become part of the dangers of the forest. Eventually, the character succeeds in disabling the machines and the machines become dormant once again until Day II begins it all over. Most of Day II is similar in plot structure, but smaller octopus-like machines begin to make themselves known and the animals in the forest begin to disappear. The last level includes saving a rabbit that was hanging by its foot and eventually coming to fly in front of a giant eye of one of the machines, leaving a cliffhanger into possible future updates.
Also included in the game are possible in-app purchases that continue the story with some of Clony's friends, including ones nicknamed Snorf and Fury, featured in their own level packs. In early 2014, level pack Doomsday was released, featuring Fury and their escape from the machine infested woods. Also included is the Daydream level pack in which Snorf escapes, finding the magic of the forest makes the woods not all as it seems to be. In 2015 a new multiplayer feature was released which allowed up to 4 players to play at the same time.
Level World
Another new feature, "Level World" was introduced, in which players could make their own levels and release it in the "Level World" for other players to explore.
Reception
The game won Apple Inc.'s 2013 iPad Game of the Year award. It also won the Grand Prix award in the 10th annual International Mobile Gaming Awards. The game has a Metacritic score of 85/100 based on 20 critic reviews.
References
External links
Badland official website
Badland reviewed on Android Apps Zone
Badland Online Web Version
2013 video games
Android (operating system) games
BlackBerry 10 games
IOS games
Linux games
MacOS games
Monochrome video games
Platform games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Network games
PlayStation Vita games
Video games developed in Finland
Windows games
Windows Phone games
Wii U games
Wii U eShop games
Xbox One games
Video games with silhouette graphics
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Christ The King Preparatory School, later known as Cristo Rey Newark High School, is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Newark, New Jersey. The school opened in the 2007 school year with an initial first-year student class of 100 students, and operates within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark.
As of the 2019–20 school year, the school had an enrollment of 210 students and 16.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.7:1. The school's student body was 45.7% (96) Black, 45.7% (96) Hispanic, 4.8% (10) two or more races, 1.9% (4) Native Hawaiian/ Pacific Islander, 1.4% (3) Asian and 0.5% (1) White.
On May 7, 2020, the Archdiocese of Newark stated that the school would permanently close at the end of the academic year.
Background
The school operates on the site of the now-defunct Our Lady of Good Counsel High School, which closed in June 2006.
Christ The King Preparatory School opened in August 2007 and graduated its first class in 2011. It is part of the Cristo Rey Network of high schools nationwide, the original being Cristo Rey Jesuit High School in Chicago. The president of Christ the King Prep is Fr. Bob Sandoz. Its founding principal is Kevin P. Cuddihy, the former principal of St. Peter's Preparatory School in Jersey City and former dean of students at Xavier High School in Manhattan.
For the 2016–17 school year, the cost per student was $12,835, which is defrayed through a $7,100 corporate internship and $2,700 in financial assistance provided to all students; the net tuition was $2,700 per student.
Students must complete 40 hours of voluntary service in each of the first two years and 50 hours of service in both junior and senior years. Various retreat opportunities are offered and all make a retreat in junior year.
Student ambassadors are selected to represent the school to the public, and there is an elected student council.
On May 7, 2020, Archdiocese revealed that "Cristo Rey Newark High School, a member of the Cristo Rey Network®, also will close due to lack of operational viability, as per a resolution adopted by the school's Board."
Athletics
The Christ the King Knights compete in the Super Essex Conference, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
Sports offered include:
Boys:
Basketball,
baseball (pending)
Girls:
Volleyball,
softball,
cheerleading, and
basketball
Co-Ed:
Bowling,
soccer,
track & field,
cross-country,
golf, and
swimming (pending)
References
Further reading
Kearney, G. R. More Than a Dream: The Cristo Rey Story: How One School's Vision Is Changing the World. Chicago, Ill: Loyola Press, 2008.
External links
School website
Cristo Rey Network
Fr. John P. Foley honored with Presidential Citizen's Medal
60 minutes
Cristo Rey Featured in WashPost column by George Will
Boston Globe - With sense of purpose, students cut class for a day
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation - Success of Innovative Urban Catholic School Sparks Major Investment
2007 establishments in New Jersey
Cristo Rey Network
Educational institutions established in 2007
High schools in Newark, New Jersey
Private high schools in Essex County, New Jersey
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark
Catholic secondary schools in New Jersey
Poverty-related organizations
Mapondera and a force of 600 men revolted against the Colony of Southern Rhodesia near Mazowe in 1900. An indecisive battle took place near Mount Darwin between Mapondera and the Colony of Southern Rhodesia in 1901. Mashonaland and Matabeleland were united as Southern Rhodesia, administered by the British South Africa Company, on 24 January. In 1902 the government passed a law requiring all natives over the age of 14 to register and carry situpas (passes). Cecil Rhodes died at the age of 48 on 26 March. The Colony of Southern Rhodesia captured Mapondera, tried him, and sentenced them to seven years imprisonment for treason in 1903. They died in 1904 after a hunger strike.
See also
1890s in Zimbabwe
1910s in Zimbabwe
Years in Zimbabwe
Decades in Zimbabwe
Zimbabwe
1900s decade overviews
The 127th Combined Arms Brigade is the primary maneuver element of the 82nd Group Army in the Central Theater Command of the Chinese People's Liberation Army and is its sole infantry division as of present.
The 127th Combined Arms Brigade is one of the most famous and best-equipped PLA formations. Its three main regiments, the 371st, 379th, and 380th, are all Red Army Infantry Regiments. The 379th regiment is the famed Ye Ting independent regiment, a nationalist armored train unit that was once commanded by Dr Sun Yat-Sen, with Zhou Enlai as its political commissar during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution. The "Iron Army" title was an honor for its Armored Train roots. The 379th is also the regiment who formed the basis of the forces that fought KMT allies in the victory in the 1935 Battle of Luding Bridge.
See also
Republic of China Marine Corps, where the 77th Marine Brigade and the 99th Marine Brigade also claims legacy to the NRA Fourth Army with the nicknames "Iron Vanguard" () and "Iron Army/Iron Force" () respectively.
References
External links
http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/china/127mid.htm
Infantry divisions of the People's Volunteer Army
127
Red Army Divisions of the People's Liberation Army
La Verde (Chaco) is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern
Argentina.
References
Populated places in Chaco Province
Fenyi may refer to:
Fenyi County, in Jiangxi, China
Fényi (crater), lunar crater on the far side of the Moon
Gyula Fényi (1845–1927), Hungarian Jesuit and astronomer
Craspedoxantha marginalis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Craspedoxantha of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
Gambia, Sudan, Ethiopia South to Angola, South Africa.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1818
Diptera of Africa
"A Little Bit More" is a R&B song by singer Melba Moore. The second single released from their album A Lot of Love and feature added vocals by soul singer Freddie Jackson, also featured on their second album Just Like the First Time. It was their most successful on the R&B Songs chart, where it spent one week at number one. The single failed to make the Hot 100.
Track listings and formats
US, 7-inch single
A. "A Little Bit More" (Radio edit) – 4:15
B. "When We Touch (It's Like Fire)" – 4:25
UK, 12-inch single
A. "A Little Bit More" (LP version) – 4:54
B. "Calling" – 5:30
B1. "It's Been So Long" (Remix) – 6:06
Notes"When We Touch (It's Like Fire" (written and produced by Ernie Poccia, Vaneese Thomas, Wayne Warnacke)"Calling" (written by Keith Diamond, Barry Eastmond, produced by Barry Eastmond)"It's Been So Long" (written by Chad, Howard King, produced by Howard King)
See also
List of number-one R&B singles of 1986 (U.S.)
References
1986 singles
Melba Moore songs
1986 songs
Songs written by Gene McFadden
Freddie Jackson songs
The men's 5000 metres walk event at the 1981 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 22 February. It was the first time that race walking was contested at the championships.
Results
References
Racewalking at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
5000
Widening participation (WP) in higher education is a major component of government education policy in the United Kingdom and Europe. It consists of an attempt to increase not only the numbers of young people entering higher education, but also the proportion from under-represented groups (those from lower income families, people with disabilities and some ethnic minorities).
In this way it is hoped to redress the inequalities in participation between social classes. Widening participation is one of the strategic objectives of the Office for Students (OfS). The issue of widening participation became a political issue after the Laura Spence Affair which hit the headlines in 2000, and after the University of Bristol admissions controversy in 2003, which concerned alleged biases against and in favour of state schools, respectively.
The Office for Students is pursuing this policy through a number of measures, including the payment of financial incentives to universities and by funding the Uni Connect programme.
This policy is linked to the previous Labour government's target of increasing participation in higher education to 50% by 2010.
See also
Academic inflation
Affirmative action
Office for Students
References
Further reading
Young participation in higher education by Mark Corver HEFCE 2005/03
Review of widening participation research: addressing the barriers to participation in higher education, Report to HEFCE by University of York, Higher Education Academy and Institute for Access Studies, July 2006
How to think about widening participation in UK higher education, Report to HEFCE by Professor Sir David Watson, July 2006
Review of widening participation research: addressing the barriers to participation in higher education, Report to HEFCE by University of York, Higher Education Academy and Institute for Access Studies, September 2006
External links
Role of the Office for Students (OfS) in promoting equal opportunities in higher education
Widening participation in higher education in England, Report by the Comptroller and Auditor General, HC485 Session 2001–2002: 18 January 2002
DfES White Paper: The future of Higher Education, 2003
HEFCE: Widening participation
DfES Higher Education
The Uni Connect programme, an OfS-funded programme to widen participation
AccessHE: Organisation supporting the progression of under-represented groups in London to Higher Education
National co-ordination team for widening participation in higher education
Pure Potential: Independent, national organisation which helps bright students from state schools and colleges with university and careers
Into University: an education charity working to promote widening participation.
Higher education in the United Kingdom
Educational stages
Universities and colleges in the United Kingdom
University and college admissions
Metropolitan Beacon System (MBS) is a precise three-dimensional location and timing technology designed to provide services to entire metropolitan areas where GPS or other satellite location signals are blocked or can't be reliably received.
NextNav is one of the early adapters and developers of MBS.
References
Satellite navigation software
Kunyangella is genus of Cambrian arthropod known for being a member of the Chengjiang biota, containing the single species K. cheni. It has a bivalved carapace and has tentatively been referred to the Bradoriida.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
Le Canadien () was a French language newspaper published in Lower Canada from November 22, 1806 to March 14, 1810. Its motto was: "Nos institutions, notre langue et nos droits" (Our institutions, our language, our rights). It was released every Saturday and the yearly subscription was of 10 chelins or shillings.
History
The newspaper was founded in Quebec City by lawyer Pierre-Stanislas Bédard and associates François Blanchet, Jean-Antoine Panet, Jean-Thomas Taschereau and Joseph Le Vasseur Borgia. All were members of the Parliament of Lower Canada at the time. The editor was Jean-Antoine Bouthillier. The newspaper quickly became the voice of the Parti canadien in their battle against the English party and the government of governor James Craig.
On March 17, 1810, the press and the papers of the editorial office on rue Saint-François were seized by the government. The printer Charles Lefrançois was imprisoned and a patrol searched the city for conspirators. The Quebec Mercury had previously insinuated that the French Canadians and the Americans were plotting against England. Two days later, no conspirators had been found. Bédard, Blanchet and Taschereau were arrested and also jailed.
The prisoners were refused habeas corpus. While in prison, Bédard was nominated as member of parliament in the Surrey riding and elected at the general election of March 27, 1810. In 1811, MP Louis-Joseph Papineau asked Governor Craig to clear Bédard of all charges. Governor Craig refused. Bédard was finally ordered out of prison at the end of the Legislative Assembly's session. They were never tried.
The newspaper published again a few times, with intermissions. Le Canadien disappeared on February 11, 1893, then owned by Joseph-Israël Tarte.
See also
History of Canadian newspapers
La Minerve
List of Quebec media
Patriote movement
History of Quebec
Timeline of Quebec history
List of newspapers in Canada
References
External links
Chronologie de l'histoire du Québec (in French)
Defunct newspapers published in Quebec
French-language newspapers published in Quebec
Newspapers published in Quebec City
Patriote movement
Publications established in 1806
Publications disestablished in 1810
1806 establishments in Lower Canada
1810 disestablishments in Lower Canada
Minnie Lichtenstein Marcus (October 4, 1882 – December 5, 1979) was an American business person who was CEO of department store Neiman Marcus, co-founded by their husband Herbert Marcus.
Biography
Born as Minnie Liechtenstein in Dallas, Texas, their father Meyer Lichtenstein had emigrated from Königsberg, Germany, whilst their mother Hattie Mittenthal had come from Russia via Peoria, Illinois. They married Herbert Marcus in 1902 and gave birth to the first of their four sons, Stanley Marcus, in 1905.
The Marcus family and the newly married Carrie Marcus Neiman and Abraham Lincoln Neiman, who were their sister in law and their husband then moved to Atlanta, Georgia to do sales promotion work. The Coca-Cola Company and other clients brought in substantial income but Minnie and others became homesick for Dallas. The Neiman and Marcus families relinquished sales territories in the nascent soft drink concern for $25,000 which they used to found Neiman Marcus, which initially specialized in ready-to-wear women's finery, in Dallas in 1907.
Minnie gave birth to their subsequent three sons, Edward, Herbert Jr., and Lawrence, in roughly four-year intervals. In 1928 they and their husband took an extensive trip to Europe while their son Stanley worked with Mr. Neiman and an expanding group of employees in the constantly growing enterprise. After their return they discovered that their son Stanley and A. L. Neiman had clashed on many issues and that Carrie had been told first hand about their husband's marital infidelities. Minnie's sister in law asked for a divorce and Herbert officially made a decision to take a loan to buy out the Neiman share for $250,000 in return for Mr. Neiman being legally barred from competing with Neiman Marcus in Dallas in the future.
The World War II years brought duties to Neiman Marcus the store as rationing and other realities set in and to Minnie's sons via the Selective Service System and other government programs. Lawrence was injured in Africa and Stanley joined the War Production Board to help the war efforts with their knowledge about clothing and business in general.
Them husband Herbert died in December 1950 and their sister Carrie in March 1953 leaving Stanley as CEO and their younger sons as other executives of the expanding retail chain. They officially became Vice President in charge of horticulture for Neiman Marcus and they attended many events such as art and fashion shows and the opening of the Houston Galleria Neiman Marcus as the chain expanded outside of Dallas.
Stanley and others negotiated a merger of Neiman Marcus with California based Broadway-Hale in 1969 and Neiman Marcus began expanding outside of Texas. Marcus family members then had somewhat less influence at the stores but their grandson Richard Marcus did become CEO of Neiman Marcus stores too. Minnie helped Stanley write books, was made an honorary lifetime president of the Dallas Garden Center (now renamed Texas Discovery Gardens), helped many Jewish and interfaith organizations and even donated land to Dallas Taping for the Blind before their death in 1979.
References
1882 births
1979 deaths
American Jews
Jews and Judaism in Dallas
American women chief executives
American retail chief executives
Julia Harting (née Fischer; born 1 April 1990 in Berlin) is a German athlete who specialises in the discus throw. They won the silver medal at the 2016 European Championships, and has represented Germany at two Olympics (2012 and 2016).
They were a u18 World Champion in 2007.
Fischer represented Germany at the 2012 European Athletics Championships where they finished 5th in the discus event with a throw of 62.10 metres. They also finished in 5th at the 2015 World Championships.
Julia Harting is married to German discus thrower Robert Harting.
International competitions
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Athletes from Berlin
German female discus throwers
Olympic athletes of Germany
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
World Athletics Championships athletes for Germany
European Athletics Championships medalists
Buckingham Chantry Chapel (also known as the Old Latin School) is a 15th-century chapel and a National Trust property in Buckingham, Buckinghamshire, England. The chapel is the oldest building in Buckingham and is noted in particular for its Norman doorway. Few buildings in Buckingham date to before the 18th century, as a large fire destroyed much of the town in 1725. The chapel is a Grade II* listed building, being added to the list by English Heritage on 13 October 1952.
History
The building was originally established as a hospital in the 12th century. It became a chantry chapel in 1268, founded by Matthew de Stratton, the Archdeacon of Buckingham. The present building dates from the 15th century, when John Ruding, Archdeacon of Lincoln, undertook rebuilding work in 1471 and 1481.
The building was later used by the Royal Latin School, with the chantry priests probably serving as the first schoolmasters. A schoolmaster's house was added to the north. The school remained on the site until 1907, when expansion prompted a move to new buildings on Chandos Road.
Further restoration work was undertaken by Sir George Gilbert Scott in 1875.
The chapel was given to the National Trust in 1912. It is still owned by the Trust, and is open to the public as a second-hand bookshop.
References
External links
Buckingham Chantry Chapel information at the National Trust
15th-century church buildings in England
Churches completed in 1481
National Trust properties in Buckinghamshire
Buckingham
Shanghai Xinbao (), also known as Shanghai Gazette or Shanghai New Daily or Shanghai Hsinpao or Shanghai News, was a commercial Chinese newspaper established in Shanghai in November 1861, edited successively by Marquis L. Wood, John Fryer and Young John Allen, which was based on the news reports translated from the North China Daily News.
The newspaper, founded by R. Alexander Jamieson, was the first Chinese language newspaper in Shanghai. It covered mostly in commercial and shipping news, with a small circulation confined to the Chinese merchants of the port.
From time to time, Shanghai Xinbao published limited but focused political news. The early focus was on the Taiping Rebellion, which increased its sales figures dramatically. On December 31, 1872, it ceased publication after a long-term competitive failure with the Shen Bao.
References
Qing dynasty
Newspapers published in Shanghai
Publications established in 1861
Publications disestablished in 1872
White Shit is an American punk rock band, most significant for their 2009 song "Jim Morrison". They released their debut album, Sculpted Beef, in 2009.
Discography
Sculpted Beef (2009)
Carry Me (2010)
White Shi'ite (2010)
References
American punk rock groups
"Weiß Flügel" [sic: weiße Flügel] is Yousei Teikoku's 8th single. It was released on September 10, 2008. The title means "white wings" in German.
Track listing
"Weiß Flügel" - 4:25
機械少女幻想 (Kikai Shoujo Gensou; "Machine Girl's Fantasy") - 3:22
"Weiß Flügel" (Instrumental) - 4:25
機械少女幻想 (Instrumental) - 3:19
References
2008 singles
Japanese songs
2008 songs
Lantis (company) singles
Song articles with missing songwriters
Joseph Hendrix Himes (August 15, 1885 – September 9, 1960) was an American politician and one-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1921 to 1923.
Life and career
Born in New Oxford, Pennsylvania, Himes attended the public schools, Gettysburg College, and Pennsylvania State College. They were employed in the steel industry and later engaged as banker.
Himes was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1921 – March 3, 1923). They were an unsuccessful candidate in 1922 for reelection to the Sixty-eighth Congress. They then moved to Frederick, MD in 1925 and took possession of the mansion known as Prospect Hall (Frederick, Maryland) where they lived with their family until 1958, entertaining and hosting dignitaries and US Presidents like Franklin Delano Roosevelt en route to Shangri-La, later dubbed Camp David.
Himes was the founder, president, and chairperson of the board of directors of Group Hospitalization, Inc., Washington, D.C. They engaged in various business interests in Washington, New York City, and elsewhere.
They died in Washington, D.C., on September 9, 1960, and was interred in Fort Lincoln Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1885 births
1960 deaths
People from Adams County, Pennsylvania
People from Stark County, Ohio
Gettysburg College alumni
Pennsylvania State University alumni
20th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Dominique Jeremías Dean (born 29 September 1998), known as D.J. Dean, is a footballer who plays as a winger. Born in the United States, they hold both American and Guatemalan citizenships.
Career
On 9 June 2018, Dean signed with United Soccer League side Tulsa Roughnecks.
On 4 January 2020, Dean joined Guatamalen side Antigua GFC.
On 29 July 2021, made the move to Guastatoya.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People with acquired Guatemalan citizenship
Guatemalan footballers
Association football wingers
Antigua GFC players
Sportspeople from Tulsa, Oklahoma
Soccer players from Oklahoma
American soccer players
FC Tulsa players
USL Championship players
American people of Guatemalan descent
American sportspeople of Latin American descent
American sportspeople of North American descent
Sportspeople of Guatemalan descent
C.D. Guastatoya players
Demi Lovato: Stay Strong is a 2012 documentary film about American singer Demi Lovato which follows their recovery after leaving rehab and their return to the music industry after abruptly cancelling their tour with the Jonas Brothers, putting their career on a hiatus in order to seek treatment. It premiered on March 6, 2012 on MTV. The documentary depicts them reflecting on their road to recovery, addressing several of their emotional and physical issues, celebrating Thanksgiving with their family in 2011 and returning for the first time to the treatment facility they retreated to back in 2010.
Several years later in their YouTube documentary about their life and career, Demi Lovato: Simply Complicated (2017), Lovato admitted to being dishonest about the outcome of their initial treatment in Demi Lovato: Stay Strong, and also revealed that they were in fact under the influence of cocaine while being interviewed about their sobriety for the documentary film.
Background and production
Lovato had suffered from depression, an eating disorder, self-harm and being bullied before they went into rehab at the age of 18. On November 1, 2010, they left the Jonas Brothers: Live in Concert, entering a treatment facility for "physical and emotional issues". They decided to enter treatment after punching female dancer Alex Welch; their management and family confronted them in a formal intervention after this incident to convince them they needed help. Lovato agreed to seek help and took "full responsibility" for the incident.
On January 28, 2011, Lovato completed inpatient treatment at Timberline Knolls and returned home. They acknowledged that they had suffered from anorexia and bulimia, had harmed themself, and had been "self-medicating" with drugs and alcohol "like a lot of teens do to numb their pain". In addition, Lovato said that they "basically had a nervous breakdown" and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder during their treatment. Lovato later added that they had used cocaine several times a day and smuggled cocaine onto airplanes. After finishing their treatment, Lovato returned to work on their third album in February 2011. In April 2011, Lovato announced they were leaving Sonny with a Chance, where they portrayed the main character Sonny Munroe, because they wanted to focus on their music career rather than acting.
Lovato's third album, Unbroken, was released on September 20, 2011 and was met with mixed to positive reviews from music critics. It debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 and was eventually certified Gold. The R&B-infused album was preceded by Lovato's critically acclaimed top ten single "Skyscraper" and spawned the triple-platinum certified hit single "Give Your Heart a Break". On February 21, 2012, Lovato announced on Twitter that a television special they had worked on with MTV would premiere on March 6, 2012, while they also revealed its title #StayStrong and the promotional poster for the documentary, showing Lovato's "Stay Strong" wrist tattoos as well as their scars. An official trailer was released by MTV on the same day.
Synopsis
Demi Lovato: Stay Strong commences with fans shouting Lovato's first name, while waiting for them to arrive at the Fox Theatre in Detroit where they are about to perform on November 16, 2011. The tour date marks the opening night of the Unbroken Tour and their first tour date since the sold-out An Evening with Demi Lovato two-date promotional tour that took place in September 2011. Lovato starts reflecting on the rough road that led them to self-harm and addiction, while scenes of Lovato getting ready for their performance in the dressing room are interwoven featuring a short cameo appearance from their former manager Phil McIntyre. They say they "had so many issues underneath that needed to be taken care of and that "it literally ended up driving [her] insane". Shortly after, Lovato's home in Los Angeles is shown where they are seen hugging their mother Dianna De La Garza, while Lovato's half-sister Madison De La Garza is also featured.
As soon as Lovato's makeup and hair is done, they are ready to go on stage and a huge audience is seen cheering for them Lovato confesses, "I cannot tell you that I have not thrown up since treatment. I cannot tell you I've not cut myself since treatment. I'm not perfect. This is a daily battle that I will face for the rest of my life."  They are then seen performing the track "All Night Long". Lovato reveals that their new, bigger purpose in life is to "inspire people," and "get people through their days and their problems". Some interviewed fans express what they think about Lovato's recovery and how they are an inspiration to them, while praising them strength.
The cameras follow Lovato to their childhood home, where they spend their first Thanksgiving out of treatment and explains how their eating disorder had developed. "This year I am definitely not taking any holiday for granted," they say about spending Thanksgiving with their family. After Thanksgiving, Lovato keeps thinking about what they ate on the holiday, cries about it and feels uncomfortable before going on stage.
They feel sick, but still decides to perform. A small part of their performance of the song "Fix a Heart" is shown, as well as Lovato taking pictures with fans at their meet-and-greet.
One of their fans, a young girl named Sanah Jivani with Alopecia, tells Lovato that they inspired them to go to the meet-and-greet without their wig. Sitting in front of the piano on stage, Lovato expresses how thankful they are to be there, "because not long ago I was in a treatment facility" and they "was so scared and was so alone but I had you guys [the fans] by my side". They mention the "beautiful, beautiful girl that I met", tells the audience why the girl went to the concert without their wig and states, "That's why I continue to do this [performing] every single day of my life no matter how hard it gets." The singer adds, "It's the people sitting in this audience and the strength that you guys possess, so just keep inspiring people 'cause you're inspiring me to stay so strong til this day. So, thank you." and starts singing their song "Together" while letting the special girl join them on stage to perform a duet. Sanah Jivani, the young girl who performed the duet with Lovato is the founder and CEO of a non-profit called The Love Your Natural Self Foundation and draws much of their inspiration for their organization from this moment. This was a meaningful moment for both Lovato and the fan.
The singer revisits Timberline Knolls, the treatment facility in Lemont, Illinois they entered back in 2010, for the first time since they were released in mid-January 2011. Lovato recalls on their way to Timberline Knolls, "The first time that I walked into Timberline Knolls, I sat there to eat my first meal, and it was chicken, rice, vegetables and milk, and I took like two or three bites of the chicken and was like 'OK, I'm done'." adding, "That's when I realized maybe I do belong here because I can't finish a meal." They confess about the room they stayed in during their treatment, "I got so completely vulnerable and so raw, when I even step into this room I feel naked." Showing their wrist tattoos, they reveal how meaningful they are to them and they did not get them just to cover up the scars they had, but also because their fans kept encouraging them to stay strong while in rehab.
"I wish that every single person here could just live in freedom," Lovato tells the patients at Timberline Knolls while delivering a speech. It was at Timberline Knolls where they were first diagnosed with bipolar disorder. They admit that they didn't realise that they were ill before their treatment and used to assume that "writing seven songs in one night was normal". Bringing their guitarist and friend Mike Manning with her, Lovato gives an intimate acoustic performance of their empowering hit song "Skyscraper" after their speech and gets emotional, saying "Utilize your time here, 'cause this place will change your life, 'cause it changed mine."
Lovato opens up about how they realized that they could use their experience in the treatment center "for the better". Instead of keeping their struggles and demons to herself, they decided to share their story with the world "because some people need to hear it". They wanted to inspire others with their story and prove that no matter what people are going through at the moment, they will get through it. The acoustic "Skyscraper" rendition at Timberline Knolls flows into a piano-driven performance of the song at a concert venue and Lovato is seen going into the crowd. The singer and their crew dance to "B.M.F." by Rick Ross in their tour bus after the concert while they acknowledge that "recovery doesn't have a day off".
Promotion
On the morning of March 6, 2012, Lovato made an appearance on The Today Show to promote the documentary which would premiere on MTV that night. They performed their single "Give Your Heart a Break". "I've decided to tell my story because there are a lot of young teens, girls and boys, that are dealing with the same issues that I've been through. If I'm able to use my voice to do good in the world then I definitely want to do that," they told Today anchor Ann Curry.
After the documentary film was premiered, Lovato immediately appeared on Demi Lovato: Stay Strong — The Aftershow in order to react to their documentary and do a special question-and-answer session. The show, hosted by MTV's SuChin Pak, was broadcast live from the MTV Studios in Times Square. Fans could participate in the conversation on Twitter by tweeting the hashtag #StayStrong and ask Lovato questions by using the hashtag #AskDemi. "It feels really awesome. Doing the documentary was so interesting," they shared when talking about how they felt after releasing the documentary. They added, "I felt really vulnerable, and I still kind of do tonight. I wouldn't change it. I'm doing awesome right now. I'm living a really healthy lifestyle. It's not easy. I struggle. But each day gets easier." Lovato announced during the post-show that they would have an upcoming appearance in Punk'd.
The aftershow also featured some unaired extra footage. In the extra footage the singer explains every story behind their tattoos, including the reason why they got the signature heart from the Here We Go Again cover art tattooed on their wrist. They state that they see it as a unique connection with their fans who "would draw it on their wrists every day" until they left treatment. Several fans featured in cameos raise their voices praising Lovato for being an anti-bullying advocate. Lovato says that people can make a difference by speaking up when they experience or witnesses bullying and admits that they were bullied herself, but expresses that they do not care about what haters think about them
Notes
References
External links
2012 documentary films
2012 television films
2012 films
American documentary films
Demi Lovato
Documentary films about singers
MTV original programming
2010s American films
Stone Sling is the 20th official game released by Philips for the Videopac console. In the United States, it was published under the title Smithereens! in 1982 for the Magnavox Odyssey² console.
The game allows for two player simultaneous gameplay where both players have a fortress and a catapult used to fire each other. With each hit the fortress' size decreases by a bit. However, sometimes if your aim is off, the catapult will miss the fortress and instead hit one of the opposing soldiers.
Gameplay
Stone Sling's gameplay consists of aiming the catapults at each other's fortress in a colorful environment with yellow walls, green valleys, blue mountains, and a bright blue river in between the two fortresses. As said above the game can be played among two different people with its multiplayer capabilities.
References
1981 video games
Artillery video games
Multiplayer video games
Videopac games
Video games developed in the United States
Eat That Question: Frank Zappa in Their Own Words is a 2016 documentary film about Frank Zappa. It incorporates clips from various interviews, concerts, movies, and previously unseen footage pertaining to Frank Zappa.
Reception
Critical reception
Eat That Question has received mostly positive reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 91%, based on 69 reviews, with an average rating of 7.3/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Eat That Question: Frank Zappa in Their Own Words offers an illuminating primer for Zappa novices as well as an entertaining retrospective for diehard fans." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 74 out of 100, based on 22 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
References
External links
2016 films
2016 documentary films
American documentary films
Documentary films about music and musicians
Sony Pictures Classics films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The Ezekiel Option is a Christian apocalyptic novel by Joel C. Rosenberg, involving the War of Ezekiel 38-39. It won a Gold Medallion in the 2006 Christian Book Awards.
Plot
A hijacked Aeroflot flight from Moscow to New York is flying on a kamikaze mission to Washington. Once it crosses the D.C air exclusion zone and is within several miles of the White House, US President MacPherson regretfully orders the plane to be shot down. The resulting shootdown of the plane by F-16's kills all of the hundreds of passengers on board. Jon Bennett, the senior advisor to the president, proposes to their girlfriend Erin McCoy while in Moscow to finalize the Israeli-Palestinian peace treaty that they helped create. When Erin says yes, the story of the jetliner shootdown breaks out and causes a political crisis between the Russian Federation and the United States.
When they attempt to explain to Russian president Vadim what happened, Dr. Mordechai, the former head of Mossad, calls Jon to tell them they believe that the hijacking was orchestrated by elements of the Russian government, Iran, and the terrorist group Al-Nakbah to foment a crisis as a pretext for a potential coup in Moscow. Before Jon and Erin can relay this to President Vadim, Moscow, the Red Square, and the Kremlin are attacked by rebellious units of the Russian military. Jon and Erin are both injured in the ensuing gun battle in the Kremlin, where they both witness the Russian and Iranian cofounders of Al-Nakbah, Yuri Gogolov and Mohammed Jibril, execute President Vadim and their staff. After the "Second Russian Revolution" ends, Gogolov appoints themselves as the new Russian czar and suspends all diplomatic relations with the United States.
Jon is released by the Russians and is allowed to return to the US, but not before they are brought to Gogolov where they are led to believe that Erin was killed. In reality, Erin was captured and is being held captive in a Moscow military hospital for the purpose of obtaining CIA codes from them Gogolov wins over most of the world when they say that they have convinced Iran to give up its nuclear program when in reality, they are planning to transfer nuclear warheads to Iran for arming its missiles. After this, they travel to New York City to address the UN, where they reveal their plan for UNSC resolution 2441, to force Israel to give up its WMD's and adhere to Security Council resolutions within thirty days or Russia and other nations will be forced to take military action against them.
As this is happening, Dr. Mordechai and Jon deduce that the recent events have been prophesied in the Bible, in the War of Ezekiel 38-39. They believe it predicts that a coalition of nations, specifically referring to Russia, Iran, Germany, the former USSR republics, Syria, Lebanon, Turkey, Sudan, and the Arabian peninsula, will attack Israel, but that God will unleash the forces of heaven against them to prevent Israel's destruction. Because of these revelations, Dr. Mordechai recommends to Jon that they brief Macpherson and the Israeli prime minister Doron on their idea for the 'Ezekiel Option' as a response to the crisis. It outlines that they should put their faith in God to protect them, as an alternative to Israel's Samson Option, which recommends the firing of all of Israel's nuclear missiles against their enemies in case of invasion.
Resolution 2241 passes through the UN Security Council, with all members voting to pass and the US abstaining. Afterward, a coalition of nations, lining up perfectly with those predicted in the Bible, start to amass millions of soldiers in a large invasion force that begins to surround Israel. Enraged at the president's refusal to do anything, Jon resigns and goes to Iran to sneak into Russia to save Erin. Meanwhile, Erin manages to escape the hospital in Moscow and go on the run, but Gogolov frames them for being a serial killer and puts a bounty on their head. Jon manages to sneak into Russia and heads to Moscow to link up with Erin and the civilians aiding them
Exactly one day before the resolution deadline passes, Russia fires a nuclear missile at Israel, revealing that Gogolov had always intended to destroy Israel, (due to them being inspired by Hitler and their fascist ideals). Jon and Erin finally reunite in Moscow and attempt to flee while fighting off the Russian security forces, just as the world braces for inevitable nuclear war. As Gogolov and Jibril evacuate Moscow to get to a bunker, a massive storm mysteriously manifests outside of Moscow, destroying the helicopter they are riding in and killing both Gogolov and Jibril. As this happens, the coalition forces move to invade, but the incoming nuclear missile vanishes, and a massive and sudden earthquake takes place with the epicenter in Jerusalem, big enough for the whole world to feel. Additionally, massive fiery projectiles coming from space proceed to destroy the military, government, and religious sites of all the coalition governments, as well as all the forces around Israel, killing millions of people. These events prove that the prophecy had come true and that God had come to Israel's rescue, which persuades Israel to call off its nuclear counterattack. As this happens, Jon and Erin embrace in the fiery ruins of Moscow and proceed to return to the United States in a world forever changed.
References
External links
Barbara's review of "The Ezekiel Option" on Goodreads
2005 American novels
American Christian novels
English-language novels
Novels set during the Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Novels set in Jerusalem
Fiction set in 2014
Rookie is the fourth Korean extended play by South Korean girl group Red Velvet. It was released on February 1, 2017, by SM Entertainment. The album contains six tracks, including its lead single of the same name.
The mini-album was a commercial success, topping the Gaon Album Chart and Billboard's World Albums.
Background and release
On January 20, 2017, an SM Entertainment representative revealed that Red Velvet is planning on making a comeback in February. Four days later, the first batch of teasers were released through SM Entertainment's official website and their official Instagram account, with the release date shown on one of the photos.
The members briefly discussed their upcoming album which is revealed to be an extended play on the Naver app V Live.
The album was released in two formats physically — one being CD and another being Kihno kit. Each format has five different versions of album cover, each features a different member.
Composition
Billboard described the title track "Rookie" as a "pop-funk single that draws on Red Velvet's unconventional musicality to combine low-key sing-speaking and synth beats before blasting into the saccharine hook of a chorus". The song was composed by Jamil 'Digi' Chammas, Leven Kali, Sara Forsberg, Karl Powell, Harrison Johnson, Russell Steedle, MZMC, Otha 'Vakseen' Davis III and Tay Jasper with lyrics by Jo Yoon-kyung and was produced by The Colleagues.
"Little Little" is an R&B pop song written by Gifty Dankwah & Bruce Fielder and was penned by JQ, Jo Min-yang of Makeumine Works and Park Sung-hee of Jam Factory. "Happily Ever After" is a pop dance track composed by Sebastian Lundberg, Fredrik Haggstam, Johan Gustafsson, Courtney Woolsey and Deez with lyrics by Song Carrot of Jam Factory. "Talk to Me" is a mid-tempo song composed by Kervens Mazile, Annalise Morelli, Alina Smith & Mats Ymell and was penned by Lee Seu-ran of Jam Factory. "Body Talk" is an R&B pop song written by Sebastian Lundberg, Fredrik Haggstam, Johan Gustafsson & Ylva.Dimberg with lyrics by Misfit & Jo Yoon-kyung. The last track "마지막 사랑 (Last Love)" is a solo by member Wendy with arrangement by Don Spike. It is a remake of a romantic ballad by Eco from their third album which was released in 1999.
Promotion
Hours before the music video and album's release, the group appeared on a live broadcast through the Naver app 'V Live' where they promoted and discussed the album. The group performed the song for the first time on KBS' Music Bank on February 3, 2017 and also appeared on Show! Music Core, Inkigayo and performed on The Show, Show Champion and M Countdown the following week. The group also appeared on the Arirang show After School Club on February 7.
Reception
Billboard called the title track "Rookie" a "quirky, funk-driven dance track with an unforgettable earworm of a hook". While The Star's Chester Chin thought that "Rookie" was the album's weakest track, they praised the rest of the album and noted that the group has finally found the perfect balance between their 'Red' and 'Velvet' sound, something they believed the group had been struggling with. They commented that it was the right mix of "saccharine and sophisticated" with its fun pop numbers and heartfelt ballads. According to The Korea Herald, Red Velvet's songs are known for being "weird at first, but addictive later" and "Rookie" is not an exception. Idolator chose it as the best k-pop song of the first quarter of the year. In 2017, Billboard put "Body Talk" at #10 on their '40 Best K-Pop Deep Cuts of the Decade So Far' list.
Rookie entered atop the Gaon Album Chart on the chart issue dated January 20 - February 4, 2017. The title track also charted at No. 4 on the Gaon Singles Chart and rose to No. 3 a week later. The other five tracks in the album also charted. The album topped Billboard's World Albums Chart and charted at No. 21 on its Heatseekers Album Chart. The group won their first music show trophy on The Show on February 7 and later won on Show Champion, M Countdown, Music Bank and Inkigayo for two consecutive weeks.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Release history
References
Red Velvet (group) EPs
2017 EPs
SM Entertainment EPs
Korean-language EPs
Genie Music EPs
K-pop EPs
Adolf III may refer to:
Adolf III of Berg, count of Berg from 1093 until 1132
Adolf III of Holstein (1160–1225)
Adolf III of the Marck (1334–1394)
Adolf III of Nassau (c. 1423 – 1475)
Adolf III of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein (1443–1511)
Adolf III of Schauenburg (1511–1556)
Lillie Anna "Mother" James (June 1876 – November 3, 1957) was an American educator who established a school for African American children in Pensacola, Florida. Them son, Daniel James Jr., became the first black full general in U.S. history.  They are listed as a Great Floridian.
Biography
They were born as Lillie Anna Brown to William and Hattie (Crenshaw) Brown in June 1876, in Pensacola, where they lived their entire life. On December 23, 1894, they married Daniel James, a native of Alabama. They had 17 children, many of whom died young. Them son Daniel James Jr. would become a U.S. Air Force four-star generals.
James established the Lillie Anna James Private School for their own children and other black youths in their community; it would become a prestigious middle school and junior high school. Them 11th commandment was: "Thou shalt not quit", a call for their children to prove they could compete on an equal basis. They died in 1957.
Them former home, where they ran the school, is located at 1606 Martin Luther King Boulevard. Pensacola's Memorial Garden includes a marker in their honor.
References
External links
African-American academics
American women academics
People from Pensacola, Florida
1878 births
1957 deaths
Date of birth unknown
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
The Gladstone and Hawarden Apartment Buildings are historic twin buildings located in the Logan Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. Built in 1900 and 1901, the Gladstone and Hawarden are early examples of middle class apartment buildings in the city. They were designed in the Romanesque Revival architectural style by prominent local architect George S. Cooper. The buildings, since converted into condominiums and a housing cooperative, were added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1994.
History
On July 7, 1900, a building permit was issued to L. S. Fristoe and S. G. Connell for the construction of an apartment building at 1423 R Street NW. The 20-unit building was named the Gladstone in honor of Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone. The following year on July 2 another permit was issued to the Gladstone Apartment House Company for an identical apartment building to be located at 1419 R Street NW. The second 20-unit building, the Hawarden, was named for Gladstone's former estate, Hawarden Castle. It is unknown why the developers chose to name the buildings after Gladstone and their estate, but according to author and historian James M. Goode, "Anglophilia current at the time in Washington may offer an explanation." Both buildings were constructed by John H. Nolan, a local real estate developer and builder whose works include the Bond Building, listed on the NRHP. The architect was George S. Cooper, who designed 24 apartment buildings in the city between 1892 and 1909. Several of their works are listed on the NRHP, including the Bond Building, Jefferson Apartment Building, Lafayette Apartment Building, and George Washington University's President's Office. The 1903 book History of the City of Washington states: "It may be thought that Mr. Cooper's forte lies in the designing of apartment houses, since the handsomest in the city are a result of their genius..." and "No young man has played a more important part in the active growth and great development of Greater Washington than George S. Cooper..."
The Gladstone and Hawarden were the first twin apartment buildings constructed in the city and among the first apartment buildings in Washington, D.C. designed specifically for middle class citizens. Following World War II, the area between 14th and 15th Streets, between Massachusetts and Florida Avenues, experienced a dramatic demographic shift. The Hawarden, which had become an apartment building for working class whites, was converted into a co-op in 1949 for middle class black citizens. The residents paid $7,000 for rear apartments and $9,000 for units facing the street. The Gladstone continued serving as apartments for several decades until its conversion into a condominium building. The buildings were added to the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites on January 17, 1990, and the NRHP on September 7, 1994. The pair is also designated as contributing properties to the Greater Fourteenth Street Historic District, listed on the NRHP on November 9, 1994.
Architecture
The Gladstone and Hawarden are Romanesque Revival brick buildings which also feature Queen Anne style elements on the facades. They are five stories tall and originally featured 20 units each. The units consisted of four rooms, a kitchen, bathroom, and a long hall. The buildings, which are approximately wide, long, and tall, are on the north side of R Street and a small grassy area separates the pair. The foundations are made of Portland cement, brick, and broken stone. The facades feature two four-story polygonal bays while the sides feature five-story polygonal bays. The names of the buildings are in friezes above the front entrances.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
Apartment buildings in Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings completed in 1901
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Romanesque Revival architecture in Washington, D.C.
Historic district contributing properties in Washington, D.C.
Tomasz Skweres (born 3 April 1984 in Warsaw) is a Polish composer who lives and works in Vienna.
Biography
Tomasz Skweres was born in Warsaw, Poland. In 1997 they moved to Austria, where they studied composition at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna with Chaya Czernowin and Detlev Müller-Siemens. Skweres also studied cello with Valentin Erben at the same university.
They composed a number of chamber music works, orchestral compositions and works for choir. Their music has been performed at Wiener Musikverein, Konzerthaus in Vienna, Gasteig in Munich, Trafo House of Contemporary Arts in Budapest, Lviv Philharmony (Ukraine), Cantacuzino palace in Bukarest (Meridian Festival), Teatro Universitario de la BUAP in Puebla (Mexico), Guangzhou Concert Hall (China), Teatro da Reitoria in Curiciba (Bienal Música Hoje (Brasil)), Nørre Vosborg Chamber Music Festival (Denmark) as well as in Japan, Taiwan, Argentina and Australia. Their works have been broadcast by Bayerischer Rundfunk (Germany), ABC Classic FM (Australia), Frequencia Universitaria (Mexico), Ö1 (Austrian state broadcasting station), Radio Stephansdom (Austria) and recorded for Genuin classics, Orlando records a.o.
Since 2012 Tomasz Skweres has been Principal Cellist in the Philharmonic Orchestra Regensburg in Germany and since 2020 cellist of the ensemble for contemporary music Risonanze Erranti in Munich.  They are an active interpreter in the field of contemporary music. As a soloist, chamber musician and guest of such ensembles like Collegium Novum in Zurich, ÖENM (Austrian Ensemble for New Music) in Salzburg, Ensemble Reconsil and Platypus Ensemble Vienna they perform modern music in renowned concert halls all over the world. Tomasz Skweres gives solo recitals with contemporary cello pieces in such renowned international festivals as Warsaw Autumn or Meridian Festival in Bucharest. Many contemporary composers composed and dedicated solo pieces to him.
2016-2017 they were lecturer for cello at the Musik University in Detmold (Hochschule für Musik Detmold) and 2015 at the HfKM Regensburg – College of Catholic Church Music & Musical Education in Regensburg.
Works by Tomasz Skweres are published by Sikorski Music Publishers in Hamburg and Doblinger Publisher in Vienna and were broadcast in different countries (Austria, Germany, Italy, Poland, Australia, Mexico, Cuba) and recorded by professional labels as Genuine, Hänssler Classic, Col legno, Orlando Records.
Commissions
Tomasz Skweres was commissioned to compose orchestral works for the Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra, Wiener Konzerthaus, the Orchestra of Theater Regensburg, Biennale Bern (Stadttheater Bern) and chamber music works for the Festival Vienna Modern, the International Society for Contemporary Music, ÖGZM (Austrian Society for contemporary Music), the Apollon Musagete Quartet, Reconsil Ensemble, Ensemble Wiener Collage a.o. In the last years the compositions for orchestra, especially for symphonic orchestra play the most important role in the artistic development of Tomasz Skweres - they wrote pieces commissioned by Radio Symphony Orchestra Vienna, Konzerthaus in Vienna, Philhamonic Orchestra Regensburg (D), Niederbayerische Philharmonie(D), Leopoldinum Orchestra (PL) and Hastings Philharmonic (GB). They received also commissions by renowned ensembles such as Apollon Musagete Quartet (PL), Contemporary Music Orchestra (PL), Ensemble Zeitfluss (A), Ensemble Wiener Collage (A) and others. Works by Tomasz Skweres are regularly performed by famous important festivals all over the world, such as Vienna Modern (Vienna), Warsaw Autumn, Musica Polonica Nova (Wrocław), Biennial Bern, ISCM World Music Days 2016 in Korea/Tongyeong International Music Festival, Festival Musica 2015 in Strasbourg (France),Festival Klangspuren in Tirol (Austria), Festival Goslar Harz (Germany), Leo Festival (Wrocław) and many others.
Works
Works for orchestra
Konzert for cello and orchestra, 2020
Haymatloz for symphonic orchestra, 2019
Plutonion for symphonic orchestra, 2018
Concertino for string orchestra, 2018
Anakalypteria for female voice for symphonic orchestra, 2016
über das farbige Licht der Doppelsterne... for symphonic orchestra, 2015
Critical Mass for symphonic orchestra, 2013
Notturno for cello and orchestra, 2011
chamber operas
Desiderium for two sopranos, zwei actors and small Ensemble, libretto by Maria Skweres, 2018
Am Anfang starb ein Rabe – for speaking voice, baritone and ensemble, libretto by Levin Westermann, 2010
Works for Ensemble
Leyak for Baritonsaxophon, 2 cellos and 4 percussionists, 2021
Topielica for Englischhorn solo und Ensemble, 2019
Event Horizon for 15 Instruments, 2019
von Schwelle zu Schwelle for 13 instruments, 2015
Tituba for 8 instruments, 2013
Works With Voice
Denuo for soprano and large ensemble, 2021
Four Poems by Rainer Maria Rilke for Sopran and six instruments, 2020
Firmamente, for soprano, violon cello, poems by Brigitte Stanek, 2020
contra venenosos vermes for cello solo and vocal ensemble, 2019
w poszukiwaniu Rzeczydźwięku for soprano and cello, 2019
Rovanemi for soprano and cello, poem by Brigitte Stanek, 2017
in fremder fremde for mezzo-soprano and piano, poem by Semier Insayif, 2016
mori no sakana for soprana, bass clarinet and cello, poem by Erika Kimura, 2014
Die Geometrie des Himmels ist unerhört, poems by Semier Insayif for speaking voice and small ensemble, 2014
Sakubel Osil for soprano, flute, clarinet, violin and cello, 2008/new version 2014
Direkt für soprano, flute and cello, 2007
Psalm 13 for tenor, flute and cello, 2006
Gebet for soprano and cello, poem by Małgorzata Hillar, 2005
Chamber Music
Paysage Intime for cello and piano, 2022
Aquarelle 594KV, miniature for flute, clarinet, vibraphone, violin and cello, 2021
Erdschatten for baroque flute and harpsichord, 2021
Nyos for violin und cello, 2021
Plague for 8 cellos, 2020
Piwosznik for bass clarinet und cello, 2019
Heavy Gravity for 2 violins, 2019
Synapsen, four miniature for historical instruments, recorder, baroque trombone and viol, 2018
Katakomben for violin, cello and organ, 2018
Anekdote über Stravinsky, miniature for violin and piano, 2018
Coffin Ship for cello and accordion, 2018
Coffin Ship for soprano saxophone and accordion, 2018
sieben Affekte for violin and Cello, 2017
Maledictio for recorder, flute, harp and cembalo, 2017
Grenzgänge for piano quartett, 2016
Journay into the Subconscious for flute, cello and piano, 2014
Elusive Thoughts for violin, viola and cello, 2014
Memory Illussions for violin and harp, 2014
Penrose Square for saxophone quartet, 2014
5 Miniaturen for saxophone, clarinet, accordion and double bass, 2013
Hesitation for cello and piano, 2012
Spannungsfelder for cello und double bass, 2012
5 Elemente for guitar and piano, 2010
Autismus for flute and cembalo, 2010
Axon for flute and clarinet, 2010
Asteria-Ortygia-Delos for string quartet, 2009
Wasser for piano trio, 2008
1st string quartet, 2006
Works for Solo Instruments
Enigmatic Pathways for viola solo, 2022
Suite Macabre for cello solo, 2021
Sport ist Mord for double bass solo, 2020
Impact for violin solo, 2016
drei Gedanken for clarinet solo, 2016
Guillotine for cello solo, 2016
Guillotine for double bass solo, 2016
Short Story for guitar solo, 2013
Reminiszenz for violine solo 2013
Deuterium for violin solo 2012
Double-headed for horn solo 2012
Transformations for cello solo, 2011
Verse for cello solo, 2009
Awards and Scholarships
2021 1st prize Earplay Donald Aird International Composers Competition, USA
2021 1st prize Gilgamesh International composition competition, USA
2021 state scholarship for composition of the Austrian ministry for culture and education
2020 1st prize Chalki international composition competition, Greece
2019 2nd prize Zemlinsky Prize 2019
2018 2nd prize 20th International Chopin & Friends Festival "New Vision" composition competition
2017 1st prize TONALi composition competition
2016 spezial prize international composition competition Citta' di Udine
2015 promotional award of the city of Vienna
2014 state scholarship for composition of the Austrian ministry for culture and education
2014 1st prize Ernst Krenek composition competition
2010 start scholarship of the Austrian ministry for culture and education
2009 1st prize composition competition for the obligatory work for the international Joseph Haydn chamber music competition, Vienna
2009 Theodor-Körner-Preis in composition
2009 2nd prize international composition competition of the Deutsche Hochdruckliga
2009 composition scholarship of the Czibulka-Stiftung
2008 composition scholarship of the Swiss Thyll-Dürr-Stiftung
2008 2nd prize international Franz Josef Reinl composition competition
2006 1st prize composition competition for the obligatory work for the international Joseph Haydn chamber music competition, Vienna
Discography
Coffin Ship for saxophone and accordion, East West, Duo Aliada, Hänssler Classic, 2021
Contra Venenosos Vermes for cello and mixed choir – Wrocławscy Kameraliści, 2019
Short Story for guitar solo – Soundscapes III, Genuin classics, 2015 (artist: Rainer Stegmann)
Tituba for mixed ensemble – Exploring the World Vol. 2, Orlando Records, 2015 (artist: Reconsil Ensemble)
Asteria-Ortygia-Delos for string quartet – Austrian Young Composers Vol. 3, Österreichischer Komponistenbund and IGNM (artist: Apollon Musagète Quartett)
Asteria-Ortygia-Delos for string quartet – Contemporanea 2014, Globe Records (artist: Interensemble)
References
External links
Polish composers
1984 births
Polish musicians
Living people
Theodor Körner Prize recipients
Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is a part of the Metro East in southern Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it had a population of 264,776. The county seat is Edwardsville, and the largest city is Granite City.
Madison County is part of the Metro-East region of the St. Louis, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area. The pre-Columbian city of Cahokia Mounds, a World Heritage Site, was located near Collinsville. Edwardsville is home to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. To the north, Alton is known for its abolitionist and American Civil War-era history. It is also the home of the Southern Illinois University School of Dental Medicine. Godfrey, the village named for Captain Benjamin Godfrey, offers Lewis and Clark Community College formerly the Monticello Female Seminary.
History
Madison County was established on September 14, 1812. It was formed from parts of Randolph and St. Clair counties and named for President James Madison. At the time of its formation, Madison County included all of the modern State of Illinois north of St. Louis, as well as all of Wisconsin, part of Minnesota, and Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
In the late 19th century, Madison County became an industrial region, and in the 20th century was known first for Graniteware, and later for its steel mills, oil refineries, and other heavy industries. The county had a large working population, and the county and surrounding area was a center of strength for the Democratic Party.
Industrial restructuring cost many jobs and reduced the population. The county now is part of the eastern St. Louis metropolitan area (nicknamed "Metro East"), as it is neighboring St. Clair County.
In 2009, the EPA issued an air pollution report that ranked Madison County as the county with the second-highest cancer risk in the country due to air pollution, second only to Los Angeles County, California.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.4%) is water. Madison County is on the Mississippi River, while the other major body of water is Horseshoe Lake.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Edwardsville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in July 2012. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May. Climate Zone 4A per the International Energy Conservation Code.
Adjacent counties and city
Bond County - east
Clinton County - southeast
Jersey County - northwest
Macoupin County - north
Montgomery County - northeast
St. Charles County, Missouri - northwest
St. Clair County - south
St. Louis, Missouri - west
St. Louis County, Missouri - west
Parks and Reserves
Chouteau Island
Gabaret Island
Horseshoe Lake State Park
Mosenthein Island
Transportation
Madison County Transit serves the county with 25 bus routes and of bike trails.
Major highways
I-55
I-70
I-255
I-270
US 40
US 67
IL 3
IL 4
IL 100
IL 162
IL 140
IL 160
IL 143
IL 157
IL 159
IL 111
IL 203
IL 255
IL 267
Demographics
According to the 2020 census, the racial makeup of the county was 81.4% white (80.4% white non-hispanic), 9.4% black or African American, 1.0% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 6.3% two or more races, and 1.5% some other race. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.1% of the population.
According to the 2010 census, there were 269,282 people, 108,094 households, and 71,756 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 117,106 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.2% white, 7.9% black or African American, 0.8% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.9% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.7% were German, 14.9% were Irish, 10.5% were English, 7.5% were American, and 5.7% were Italian.
Of the 108,094 households, 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.6% were non-families, and 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 38.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $51,941 and the median income for a family was $64,630. Males had a median income of $50,355 versus $35,543 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,127. About 9.1% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.3% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Alton
Collinsville (partly in St. Clair County)
Edwardsville
Fairmont City
Granite City
Highland
Madison
Troy
Venice
Villages
Alhambra
Bethalto
East Alton
Glen Carbon
Godfrey
Grantfork
Hamel
Hartford
Livingston
Marine
Maryville
New Douglas
Pontoon Beach
Pierron
Roxana
South Roxana
St. Jacob
Williamson
Wood River
Worden
Census Designated Places
Holiday Shores
Mitchell
Rosewood Heights
Other unincorporated and historic communities
Binney
Cottage Hills
Donkville
Dorsey
Fosterburg
Gard
Goshen Settlement
Kaufman
Kuhn Station
LeClaire
Lincoln Place
Lumaghi Heights
Meadowbrook
Midway
Moro
Newport
Poag
Prairietown
St. Morgan
State Park Place
Upper Alton
Wanda
Townships
Madison County is divided into twenty-four townships:
Alhambra
Alton
Chouteau
Collinsville
Edwardsville
Fort Russell
Foster
Godfrey
Granite City
Hamel
Helvetia
Jarvis
Leef
Marine
Moro
Nameoki
New Douglas
Olive
Omphghent
Pin Oak
Saline
St. Jacob
Venice
Wood River
Islands
Chouteau Island
Gabaret Island
Mosenthein Island
Historic Settlements
Camp Dubois
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Madison County.
† county seat
Politics
Like much of southern Illinois, Madison County was a predominantly Democratic area for much of its history, but in recent elections has been moving towards the Republicans. Mitt Romney narrowly carried the county in the 2012 presidential election, becoming the first Republican presidential nominee to do so since 1984. In 2016, Donald Trump carried the largest share of the vote for any Republican presidential candidate since 1972. The county also supported the Republican candidates for governor in 2010, 2014, and 2018.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Madison County, Illinois
The Invincible Thieves
References
External links
Madison County website
A History of Madison County Illinois
Madison Historical: The Online Encyclopedia and Digital Archive for Madison County, Illinois
Illinois counties
1812 establishments in Illinois Territory
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Metro East
Populated places established in 1812
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Deniliquin High School is a government-funded co-educational comprehensive secondary day school, located in , a town in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.
The school enrolled approximately 480 students in 2018, from Year 7 to Year 12, of whom ten percent identified as Indigenous Australians and three percent were from a language background other than English. The school is operated by the NSW Department of Education; the principal is Glen Warren.
This school's strategic directions are oriented towards quality teaching, by developing a teaching and learning culture towards students; leadership engagement, by consolidating the leadership capacity of students and teachers; and positive relationship, creating positive relationship between the school and the stakeholders.
See also
List of government schools in New South Wales
List of schools in the Riverina
Education in Australia
References
External links
NSW Schools website
Public high schools in New South Wales
Education in the Riverina
Deniliquin
The Aglaureion was a shrine to Aglauros on the Acropolis of Athens.
External links
http://www.stoa.org/athens/sites/eastslope.html
Acropolis of Athens
Ancient Greek buildings and structures in Athens
Mallowa is a small locality in Moree Plains Shire, in northern New South Wales, Australia. It lies about 70 km southwest of Moree and 643 km northwest of Sydney. At the , it had a population of 108.
References
Moree Plains Shire
North West Slopes
Localities in New South Wales
Several vessels have been named Castor for Castor, a star in the Gemini constellation:
was a merchantman launched in 1782. They made one voyage for the British East India Company (EIC). Them owners sold them in 1799. They were last listed in 1808.
was built at Delfshaven and launched in 1786. The British captured them at the capitulation of Saldanha Bay in August 1796. Because there was already an HMS Castor, they renamed their HMS Saldanha. After they arrived at Plymouth the Royal Navy fitted them as a receiving ship in November 1797; they were sold in 1806.
See also
– any one of four vessels of the Royal Navy
Ship names
is a private women's junior college in Ueda, Nagano, Japan, established in 1967.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1967
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nagano Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1967 establishments in Japan
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
Ueda, Nagano
Nathan Vardy (born 25 June 1991) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). They previously played for the Geelong Football Club from 2010 to 2016.
AFL career
Vardy is a mobile ruckman at tall and weighing , with good skills and a fierce competitive drive. They were drafted by the Geelong Football Club with their fourth selection, and the forty-second overall draft pick in the 2009 national draft. They played four games for Vic Country at the 2009 AFL Under 18 Championships and finished equal fourth overall for hit-outs to advantage (13) and fifth for total hit-outs (59). They were selected to make their debut in round 9, 2011 against Carlton. They injured their hip against in round 21, 2011, and was out for a calendar year. They made their return in round 23, 2012 against after proving their fitness in the reserves.
At the conclusion of the 2016 season, Vardy was traded to West Coast. In 2017, with Nic Naitanui and Scott Lycett injured, Vardy had to take charge as West Coast's number one ruckman and played almost every game.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of round 7, 2019
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2010
|
| 36 || 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2011
|
| 36 || 9 || 6 || 6 || 29 || 33 || 62 || 20 || 18 || 104 || 0.7 || 0.7 || 3.2 || 3.7 || 6.9 || 2.2 || 2.0 || 11.6
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2012
|
| 36 || 2 || 2 || 1 || 11 || 2 || 13 || 5 || 3 || 17 || 1.0 || 0.5 || 5.5 || 1.0 || 6.5 || 2.5 || 1.5 || 8.5
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2013
|
| 30 || 10 || 11 || 2 || 45 || 43 || 88 || 29 || 19 || 113 || 1.1 || 0.2 || 4.5 || 4.3 || 8.8 || 2.9 || 1.9 || 11.3
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
|
| 30 || 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || —
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2015
|
| 30 || 3 || 5 || 0 || 19 || 20 || 39 || 13 || 8 || 42 || 1.7 || 0.0 || 6.3 || 6.7 || 13.0 || 4.3 || 2.7 || 14.0
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2016
|
| 30 || 1 || 1 || 0 || 2 || 4 || 6 || 2 || 5 || 11 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 2.0 || 4.0 || 6.0 || 2.0 || 5.0 || 11.0
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2017
|
| 19 || 22 || 10 || 6 || 99 || 87 || 186 || 52 || 64 || 518 || 0.5 || 0.3 || 4.5 || 4.0 || 8.5 || 2.4 || 2.9 || 23.5
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
|style="text-align:center;background:#afe6ba;"|2018†
|
| 19 || 10 || 7 || 4 || 37 || 44 || 81 || 26 || 29 || 148 || 0.7 || 0.4 || 3.7 || 4.4 || 8.1 || 2.6 || 2.9 || 14.8
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
|
| 19 || 6 || 0 || 0 || 17 || 17 || 34 || 9 || 17 || 106 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 2.8 || 2.8 || 5.7 || 1.5 || 2.8 || 17.7
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 63
! 42
! 19
! 259
! 250
! 509
! 156
! 163
! 1059
! 0.7
! 0.3
! 4.1
! 4.0
! 8.1
! 2.5
! 2.6
! 16.8
|}
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Geelong Football Club players
Gippsland Power players
West Coast Eagles players
West Coast Eagles Premiership players
West Coast Eagles (WAFL) players
East Perth Football Club players
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Borislav Pelević (; 22 November 1956 – 25 October 2018) was a Serbian politician. They were president of the nationalist Party of Serbian Unity (SSJ), a party with marginal importance in Serbian politics, until it merged with the Serbian Radical Party in December 2007.
Military and political career
Pelević was a commander of the Arkan's Tigers paramilitary during the War in Croatia, serving at the Erdut training camp. They were also a presidential candidate in September and December 2002 and in 2004.
They were elected to the National Assembly of Serbia on the Serbian Radical Party list twice, in 2007 and 2008. After the party's deputy leader, Tomislav Nikolić (who was also acting as parliamentary leader due to the absence of party leader Vojislav Šešelj), resigned from the SRS and formed the new Napred Srbijo! ("Forward, Serbia!") parliamentary group, Pelević left the SRS and joined Nikolić's group.
Pelević has also served as president of the kickboxing federation of Serbia and Montenegro.
Death
They died on 25 October 2018, after a long illness.
References
1956 births
2018 deaths
Politicians from Peja
Kosovo Serbs
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Serbian Progressive Party politicians
Serbian Radical Party politicians
Candidates for President of Serbia
Serbian soldiers
Military personnel of the Croatian War of Independence
Serbian nationalists
Party of Serbian Unity politicians
Council of Serbian Unity politicians
Military personnel from Peja
Mark Chatwin Horton, FSA (born 15 February 1956) is a British maritime and historical archaeologist, television presenter, and writer
Academic career
Horton attended Peterhouse, Cambridge, graduating and receiving a doctorate.  They are Professor of Archaeology and Cultural Heritage at the Royal Agricultural University in Cirencester, and Emeritus Professor at the University of Bristol. One of their former students is the archaeologist and television presenter Sam Willis.  They are part of a new project to establish the Cultural Heritage Institute in the former Great Western Railway carriage works at Swindon, that will offer research and masters training from 2020.
They have conducted excavations in Zanzibar, Egypt, the Caribbean, North America, Central America and France, as well as sites in Britain. Their chief publications are on the Swahili site of Shanga, Kenya between 1980 and 1986 and more recently sites on the islands of Zanzibar and Pemba, notably Tumbatu, Ras Mkumbuu, Mtambwe Mkuu and Chwaka.
Their other excavations include the Scottish Darien scheme (1698–1700) in Panama; the Cistercian Abbey of Grosbot (Charente, France); the Bishop's Palace, Wells, Somerset; a medieval farmstead at Carscliffe, Somerset; Fishmongers Cave, Alveston, Gloucestershire, and they are currently working at Berkeley Castle (Gloucestershire) and Repton. In 2008-19 they undertook survey and excavation work in the Kherlen Valley in Mongolia. Between 2011 and 2019 they worked with the Sealinks Project, undertaking excavations on Pemba, Zanzibar, Mafia, Anjouan, Sri Lanka and Madagascar. East Pemba Maritime Heritage Project is one of their current projects, combining archaeological investigations with ethnography and anthropology.
They also have an abiding interest in Isambard Kingdom Brunel and directed the digitisation of the engineer's sketch books and letters at Bristol University library, which project was grant-aided by the Arts and Humanities Research Council in 2003,
They were elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London on 7 May 1992.
TV career
Mark Horton's first television appearances sprang from their academic work in East Africa. They contributed to a programme by Time Life Television Lost Civilisations – Africa in 1996 and to a Channel 4 television programme on the Atlantic slave trade in 1998.
They were closely involved in the inception of the long-running Channel 4 television series Time Team and the third episode was filmed in their home town of Much Wenlock, Shropshire in 1994. They have appeared on several subsequent programmes including Hylton Castle, Sunderland, in 1995 and Aston Eyre, Shropshire in 1998.
In 2000 they acted as tiles specialist on Time Team Live. Having invited Time Team to investigate the bones found by cavers in a cave in the village of Alveston, Gloucestershire, they appeared in the programme on this site shown in 2001. In 2008, further work on the site was included in a National Geographic / Channel Five documentary, Julius Caesar and the Druids.
They were a co-presenter on two series of the BBC Two production, Time Flyers 2002 – 2003. In 2004 they presented BBC Scotland's programme Darien: Disaster in Paradise, which was highly commended in the archaeological film category at that year's British Archaeological Awards.
Between 2005 and 2016 Horton was one of the team of presenters on the programme Coast, exploring the coastline of Britain. They also present occasional pieces for BBC1 Inside Out, West and South West Regions. They were the archaeological consultant on the TV drama Bonekickers, shown on BBC One in 2008.
In 2017, they appeared in an episode of the Science Channel documentary Mysteries of the Missing (series 1, episode 6), investigating the possible relocation of the 16th-century English settlement of Roanoke colony in Virginia from Roanoke to Croatoan (Hatteras) Island. Currently they are a regular contributor and presenter on Science Channel What on Earth?.
Interests
Horton is a keen sailor and enjoys dinghy-sailing on the River Severn and restoring their historic yacht Mignonette, a Lone Gull design of Maurice Griffiths and built in 1946–7. They live on the banks of the river Severn in a sixteenth-century house associated with Sir Francis Drake.
Books
1996. Shanga: The Archaeology of a Muslim Trading Community on the Coast of East Africa. British Institute in Eastern Africa, Monograph Series 14. (with Helen W. Brown and Nina Mudida).
2001. The Swahili. Oxford: Blackwell (with John Middleton).
References
1956 births
Living people
Alumni of Peterhouse, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Bristol
English archaeologists
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Francis James Canova Jr. (born 23 December 1956) is an American electronics designer who originated the idea for the IBM Simon and has thus been described as the inventor of the smartphone.
Early life
Frank Canova was born in Wilmington, Delaware, raised in Green Cove Springs, Florida, and attended Clay High School, graduating in 1974. They received their advanced education at the Florida Institute of Technology, graduating with a BSc in electrical engineering in 1978.
Career
IBM
Canova was working at IBM when they realized that chip-and-wireless technology was small enough to use in a hand-held device. Their boss, Jerry Merckel, was working on the development of PCMCIA cards that could be used to expand the memory of laptop computers and realized that they could also be used in the sort of device that Canova was thinking of. Both were working in a team that had been put together by Paul C. Mugge to enliven IBM's product range by developing smaller, lighter, products.
Merckel pitched the idea to Mugge of "the phone of the future" that would use cards inserted into the phone to run services, and the development of a prototype was approved by Mugge. It was decided by IBM to show the device, code named "Angler", at the November 1992 COMDEX technology trade show in Las Vegas, necessitating a rush to complete the prototype by Canova and their team that saw them working 80-hour weeks in order to have it ready.
The device was an immediate success at the show and Canova found themselves on the front of the money section of USA Today, pictured holding the phone. It was released under the name Simon in August 1994 and patented by Canova and other team members in 1995 with a priority date of 13 November 1992. As the originator of the idea for the IBM Simon, Canova has been described as the inventor of the smartphone.
Palm
Canova joined Palm in January 1997 where they were head of engineering for the PalmPilot, Palm III, V, and VII series of PDAs and successor devices.
Other appointments
Canova has also held senior engineering positions at Plastic Logic, Neato Robotics, Livescribe, Reactrix Systems, Wheels of Zeus and Cirrus Logic.
References
External links
Francis J. Canova, Jr. Inventions, Patents and Patent Applications - Justia Patents Search
1956 births
Living people
American electronics engineers
IBM employees
Florida Institute of Technology alumni
People from Wilmington, Delaware
People from Green Cove Springs, Florida
The Evangelical-Reformed Church of the Canton Basel-Landschaft is a Reformed cantonal church in the canton of Basel-Land, which does not include the eponymous city. In 2004 it had 113,537 members and 35 parishes and 65 ordained clergy. Member of the Schweizerischer Evangelischer Kirchenbund. Women ordination is allowed.
External links
Evangelical Reformed Church in the Canton of Basel
References
Basel-Landschaft
Basel Land
Basel Land
The was a group of around 305 young teenage samurai of the Aizu Domain, who fought in the Boshin War (1868–1869) on the side of the Tokugawa shogunate.
History
The Byakkotai was part of Aizu's four-unit military, formed in April 1868 in the domain's drive to finalize its military modernization, in the wake of the Battle of Toba–Fushimi. The other three units were the Genbutai (Black Tortoise Unit), the Seiryūtai (Azure Dragon Unit), and the Suzakutai (Vermilion Bird Unit). Each of the four was named after the protecting gods of compass directions. Byakkotai was meant to be a reserve unit, as it was composed of the young, 16- to 17-year-old sons of Aizu samurai. It was subdivided further, along the lines of rank within the domain's samurai population: two squads were from the upper (shichū) rank, two from the middle rank (yoriai), and two from the lowest (ashigaru). Twenty of the members of the 2nd shichū squad, cut off from the rest of their unit in the wake of the Battle of Tonoguchihara, retreated to Iimori Hill, which overlooked the castle town. From there, they saw what they thought was the castle on fire, and committed seppuku (with one failed attempt) in desperation, believing their lord and families dead. However these 20 Byakkotai members were mistaken in their assessment of defeat, as the castle defenses had not actually been breached; the castle town surrounding the inner citadel was aflame. As the majority of the town was between Iimori Hill and the castle, the boys saw the rising smoke and assumed that the castle itself had fallen.
The 19 Byakkotai members who committed suicide were the following:
Adachi Tōzaburō
Ishiyama Toranosuke
Shinoda Gisaburō (acting commander)
Nagase Yūji
Mase Genshichirō
Aruga Orinosuke
Itō Teijirō
Suzuki Genkichi
Nishikawa Shōtarō
Yanase Katsusaburō
Ikegami Shintarō
Itō Toshihiko
Tsuda Sutezō
Nomura Komashirō
Yanase Takeji
Ishida Wasuke
Ibuka Shigetarō
Tsugawa Kiyomi
Hayashi Yasoji
The sole survivor, Iinuma Sadakichi, attempted suicide but was unsuccessful. They were saved by a local peasant. After the war, they moved to the nearby city of Sendai, and lived there until their death. They also served as an officer in the army (retiring with the rank of captain) and as an official of the local post office in Sendai.
After the war, their bodies remained exposed to the elements until permission was finally granted by the imperial government to bury them. A memorial was later erected at Iimori Hill, and all 20 of the Byakkotai members named above are buried there. A stone bearing a poem by Matsudaira Katamori also stands at the site:
幾人の 涙は石にそそぐとも その名は世々に 朽じとぞ思ふ
Ikutari no namida wa ishi ni sosogu tomo sono na wa yoyo ni kuchiji to zo omou
"No matter how many people wash the stones with their tears, these names will never vanish from the world."
The rest of the Byakkotai continued to fight over the course of the Battle of Aizu, with many of the members contributing to the defense of the castle. Many Byakkotai members survived the war. Two of them who went on to prominent roles during the Meiji Era were the physicist and historian Dr Yamakawa Kenjirō and the Imperial Japanese Navy admiral Dewa Shigetō.
European fascism and the Byakkotai
The Italian fascist dictator Benito Mussolini heard of the story of the Byakkotai members who committed suicide, and was deeply impressed by their loyalty to their lord. In 1928, they donated a column from Pompeii to be erected by the graves at Iimori Hill; this column remains there to the present day. Nazi Germany also erected a monument showing their approval of the Byakkotai. After the surrender of Japan at the end of World War II, the U.S. Army removed the swastika from the German monument and replaced it with an iron cross.
Depictions in media
The Byakkotai have been the topic of many plays, books, films, and TV series. One notable TV depiction was produced in 1986; another, more recently, was the 2007 TV drama, which starred Yamashita Tomohisa, Tanaka Koki and Fujigaya Taisuke. Yamashita portrayed another Byakkotai survivor, Sakai Mineji.
The Byakkotai are featured as a unit exclusive to the Aizu clan in Total War: Shogun 2: Fall of the Samurai.
Gallery
See also
Aizuwakamatsu Castle
Nihonmatsu Shonentai
Fukushima Museum
Notes
References
Nakamura Akihiko (2001). Byakkotai. Tokyo: Bunshun-shinsho.
Noguchi Shin'ichi (2005). Aizu-han. Tokyo: Gendai Shokan.
External links
Homepage of the Byakkotai Museum in Aizu
People of the Boshin War
Culture in Fukushima Prefecture
Japanese warriors
Meiji Restoration
Seppuku from Meiji period to present
Suicides by sharp instrument in Japan
Marie Daveluy (born 1936) is a Canadian opera singer and music educator from Quebec.
Early life and education
Marie Marguerite Cécile Alice Louise Daveluy was born to Lucien Daveluy and Renée Dunn in Victoriaville, Quebec.  They are the sister of organist Raymond Daveluy. Daveluy's grandfather Adolphe Daveluy founded the town of Daveluyville, Quebec.
Marie Daveluy began their musical studies with Gabriel Cusson, and voice studies with Martial Singher at the Conservatoire de musique du Québec à Montréal in 1953. Supported by scholarships from the governments of Quebec and Canada, they traveled to Vienna in 1956 for graduate studies with Ferdinand Grossmann and Viktor Graef.
Career
In 1959 Daveluy made their debut with the Salzburg Opera, singing the role of Zerbinetta in Ariadne auf Naxos. They went on to sing with the Heidelberg Opera, singing about 30 roles in the years 1961-66.
Marie Daveluy was a professor of voice at the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières from 1971 to 1984, and at the Conservatoire de musique de Montréal from 1973. They taught the interpretation of Lieder from 1974 to 1981. Them former students include singers Marie-Nicole Lemieux, Karina Gauvin, and Leslie Ann Bradley.
In collaboration with pianist Diane Mauger they recorded songs by composer Jean Chatillon (L'Oiseau-Coeur OC S-01) in 1974 and songs by Rodolphe Mathieu for the LP Musique québécoise 'nos compositeurs' (L'Oiseau-Coeur OC S-02, 1977).
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
Canadian operatic sopranos
People from Victoriaville
Singers from Quebec
20th-century Canadian women opera singers
Honored Artist of the Azerbaijan SSR (; ) was an honorary title awarded by the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (Azerbaijan SSR) and was one of the forms of recognition by the state and society of the merits of distinguished citizens. The awards were issued from January 13, 1929 to June 2, 1990; and there were more than 600 recipients.
List of honored artists
1929, Gurban Pirimov
1929, Abbas Mirza Sharifzadeh
1931, Sidgi Ruhulla
1939, Yaver Kelenterli
1940, Ahmad Anatolly
1956, Fatma Mehraliyeva
1958, Gambar Zulalov
1959, Khumar Zulfugarova
1960, Nasiba Zeynalova
1960, Sattar Bahlulzade
1961, Maria Titarenko
1969, Osman Hajibeyov
1974, Samandar Rzayev
1975, Talat Bakikhanov
References
Azerbaijan
Toshitsugu Mori (born 22 December 1969) is a Japanese former professional tennis player.
Born in Higashiōsaka, Mori played on the professional tour during the 1990s and had the best singles ranking of 579 in the world. They represented Japan at the 1991 Summer Universiade and won a doubles title at the All-Japan Championships in 1994. Both of their two ATP Tour singles main draw appearance came in 1994, at the Japan Open and the Tokyo Indoor tournaments. They featured in the qualifying draw in three editions of the Australian Open.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Japanese male tennis players
People from Higashiōsaka
Competitors at the 1991 Summer Universiade
FC Cherkasy-2 was a Ukrainian football team based in Cherkasy, Ukraine. The club has been featured regularly in the Ukrainian Second Division it serves as a junior team for the FC Dnipro Cherkasy franchise. Like most tributary teams, the best players are sent up to the senior team, meanwhile developing other players for further call-ups.
FC Dnipro Cherkasy
Cherkasy-2
Association football clubs established in 1955
Association football clubs disestablished in 2001
1955 establishments in Ukraine
2001 disestablishments in Ukraine
Cherkasy-2
Ştiinţa Bacău may refer to:
CS Știința Bacău - a men's football club founded in 1965 and dissolved in 1975
FC Știința Bacău -a men's football club founded in 2008 and dissolved in 2009
Știința Municipal Bacău - a men's handball club
CS Știința Bacău - a women's handball club
CS Știința Bacău - a women's volleyball club
Cumbiana is the sixteenth studio album by Colombian singer Carlos Vives, released on May 22, 2020, through Sony Music Latin. It was produced by Carlos Vives, Andrés Leal and Martin Velilla, and features collaborations with Jessie Reyez, Alejandro Sanz, Ziggy Marley, Elkin Robinson and Rubén Blades.
The album was accompanied by a documentary film titled El Mundo Perdido de Cumbiana, released on July 20, 2020, as well as a book titled Cumbiana, Relatos de un Mundo Perdido, the latter was written by Vives alongside historian Guillermo Barreto and released on December 30, 2020, both projects dwelve on the origins of cumbia following the theme of the album.
At the 21st Annual Latin Grammy Awards, the album was nominated for Album of the Year and won Best Contemporary Tropical Album, being Vives fifth victory in the category, additionally, "For Sale" was nominated for Song of the Year, "Canción para Rubén" won Best Tropical Song and the documentary film won Best Long Form Music Video. The album was also recognized at the Premios Nuestra Tierra of 2021, given to highlight Colombian music, among the eleven nominations that Vives received, the album was nominated for Album of the Year while the title track was nominated for Song of the Year and won Best Folk Song.
Background
The album was recorded in several studios in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain and Colombia. It explores the genre of cumbia as well as its history, according to Vives, its a homage to indigenous people from Colombia and its musical richness, they have said that "we have always thought that the joy of our music comes from our African ancestors, but in reality, our indigenous peoples are the ones who have brought that exuberance to Latin music". Namely, the title track is dedicated to the city of Santa Marta in Colombia due to its importance to the music of the country, Vives said that "we have to be grateful to the Ciénaga Grande de Santa Marta, that is the birth of many artists, of our culture". The name for the album is a term created by Vives to refer to the places where the genre originated like Montes de María, the Ciénaga de Lorica and the Sabanas de Bolívar, among others.
Singles
The first single for the album was "No Te Vayas", released on March 5, 2020, while the second single was "For Sale", a collaboration with Spanish singer Alejandro Sanz, released on May 19, 2020. After the release of the album, the title track "Cumbiana" was released as the third single on October 15, 2020. "No Te Vayas" and "Cumbiana" peaked at numbers 2 and 12 at the Tropical Songs chart, respectively, additionally, the latter song was successful in Panamá, debuting at number one and spending five weeks at the top position of the chart.
Track listing
Charts
References
2020 albums
Carlos Vives albums
Sriram Rajagopal Ramaswamy FRS (born 10 November 1957) is a Professor at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore and was on leave (2012–16) as Director of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) Centre for Interdisciplinary Sciences in Hyderabad.
Education
Ramaswamy completed high school at the Modern School, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi, and then moved to the University of Maryland where they were awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics with high honours in 1977. They completed their PhD in theoretical physics at the University of Chicago, graduating in 1983. They completed postdoctoral research at the University of Pennsylvania.
Research
Ramaswamy is a theoretician whose research investigates nonequilibrium statistical physics, soft matter, condensed matter physics and biological physics. Their research helped found the field of active matter, which studies the motility and related collective behaviour of objects that convert local energy input into autonomous motion.
 They are widely known for formulating the hydrodynamic equations governing the alignment, flow, mechanics and statistical properties of suspensions of self-propelled creatures, on scales from a cell to the ocean. Key predictions—that macroscopically aligned flocks of swimming bacteria are impossible, and that the addition of swimmers to a fluid can make the viscosity arbitrarily small—have been confirmed in recent experiments. Their insight into nonliving imitations of self-propulsion has led to design principles for chemotactic colloids, the first experiments observing giant number fluctuations in flocks, and the creation of flocks with a tiny minority of motile constituents.
Awards and honours
Among the awards they have received for their research are the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology in 2000 and the Infosys Prize for Physical Sciences in 2011. They also served on the Physical Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize in 2014. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2016.
They were awarded one of the H K Firodia awards for 2016.
References
Living people
Fellows of the Royal Society
1957 births
American people of Indian descent
Indian theoretical physicists
21st-century American physicists
20th-century Indian physicists
William Robinson Sapp (March 4, 1804 – January 3, 1875) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1853 to 1857.  They are the uncle of U.S. Representative William F. Sapp of Iowa.
Biography
Born at Cadiz, Ohio, Sapp moved to Knox County, Ohio, where they attended the public schools.
They engaged in the mercantile business in Danville.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1833 and commenced practice at Millersburg, Ohio.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Holmes County, Ohio.
Presidential elector in 1844 for Clay/Frelinghuysen.
They moved to Mount Vernon, Ohio, in 1846.
Congress
Sapp was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-third Congress and reelected as an Opposition Party candidate to the Thirty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1853 – March 3, 1857).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection.
Later career and death
Assessor of internal revenue for the thirteenth district 1869-1872.
They served as collector of internal revenue from 1872 until their death in Mount Vernon, Ohio, January 3, 1875.
They were interred in Mound View Cemetery.
Sources
1804 births
1875 deaths
People from Cadiz, Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Opposition Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
1844 United States presidential electors
People from Millersburg, Ohio
People from Knox County, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Mount Vernon, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Mount Thornton () is a mountain between Mount McCann and Mount Benkert in the east-central part of the Snow Nunataks, Palmer Land. Discovered and photographed by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) 1939–41. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Captain Richard Thornton, commander of USNS Eltanin on Antarctic cruises, 1967–68.
Mountains of Palmer Land
Jan Hansen may refer to:
Jan Hansen (curler) (born 1957), Danish curler
Jan Hansen (footballer) (born 1955), Norwegian footballer
Jan Hansen (rower) (born 1970), Danish lightweight rower
Jan Vang Sørensen (née Hansen, born c. 1960), retired Danish football player turned professional poker player
Anicka Yi (born 1971 in Seoul, South Korea) is a conceptual artist whose work lies at the intersection of fragrance, cuisine, and science.  They are known for installations that engage the senses, especially the sense of smell, and for their collaborations with biologists and chemists. Yi lives and works in New York City.
Early life
When they were two, Yi's family moved from Korea to Alabama then California. Them father is a Protestant minister and their mother works at a biomedical corporation. They have described that they grew up in a Korean-American home.
After they graduated from Hunter College, they lived in London, where they freelanced for several years doing work as a fashion stylist and copywriter. It was at the age of 30 that they began to experiment with art as they explored their interests in perfumery and science. Them first artworks were produced in 2008 when they were a member of Circular File, an art collective, along with Josh Kline and Jon Santos.
Work
In their practice, Yi uses scent, tactility and perishability as a means to reconfigure the epistemological and sensorial terms of a predominantly visual art world.
Materials
Yi is known for their use of unorthodox, often living and perishable materials, including: tempura-fried flowers, canvases fashioned from soap, stainless-steel shower heads, fish oil pills, shredded Teva sandals boiled in recalled powdered milk, and bacteria. David Everitt Howe in Art Review wrote in 2018 that this "incongruous mix of media" is “arranged into something elegantly allegorical about the various industries that constitute our identity."
Process
Yi often manipulates these unconventional materials, sometimes completely transforming them, as in the case of kombucha they fermented into leather-like material. For a work titled verbatem? verbatom? 4 created in 2014 for their exhibit "Divorce" at 47 Canals, they injected live snails with oxytocin.
Yi cites writing as a primary element of their practice. In an interview with Ross Simonini, they explained, "Writing is one of my primary tools. I often discover my thoughts about the work through writing. Syntax, sentence structure . . . these things really help. I write a lot of backstories for my sculptures, as if they're characters in a novel or screenplay. I share this writing with friends, but no one else sees it. I'm not really a visual person. I don't think in images. I don't sketch things. I don't use visual references as much as I should. It's a huge handicap for me. My writing doesn't capture the idea for the work as a sketch would. So maybe I'm not working in the most productive way. My starting point is verbal."
They have also described their process as similar but an inverted version of the scientific process as employed in science labs. "Scientists have their hypothesis and then spend the next 20 or 30 years of their career trying to prove it, whereas artists won't really understand what their hypothesis was until the end of their career."
Select works and exhibitions
You Can Call Me F at The Kitchen
In their 2015 show at The Kitchen in New York City, You Can Call Me F, Yi took swabs from 100 women and with the help of MIT synthetic biologist Tal Danino cultivated the bacteria in an agar billboard that “assaults visitors” to help answer the question “What does feminism smell like?" Each woman was given the choice to where they would take a swab from their body, which ranged from the mouth to the vagina. They and Danino developed this work through "The Art and Science of Bacteria" a workshop they led during their residency at MIT. They described that they wanted this work to explore the "patriarchal fear" surrounding hygiene and the female body. In the exhibition, Yi aimed to represent women's body in the form of smells rather than sights, denouncing what New Yorker writer Andrea K. Scott writes as "salacious male expectations".
"Life is Cheap" at the Guggenheim Museum
Yi was the winner of the biannual 2016 Hugo Boss Prize presented by the Guggenheim. In 2017, Yi debuted at the Guggenheim with the exhibition Life Is Cheap, which explores their "sociopolitical interest in the olfactive."
In the entrance of this exhibit, visitors encountered an aroma designed by the artist to be a hybrid scent of ants and Asian American women and named Immigrant Cactus. The central gallery space has two works facing each other with distinct, contained biospheres. One work, enclosed in a temperature-regulated space, Force Majeure features plexiglass tiles covered in agar on which bacteria, sourced from Chinatown and Koreatown in Manhattan, grow. The other work, Lifestyle Wars contains a colony of ants on a structure that resembles a circuit board, referencing the organization of society and the relationship of technology to this ordering.
In a video produced by the Guggenheim, Yi explains that "You're dealing with a society that is overly obsessed with cleanliness. And that's partially why I do work with bacteria as a material. Especially in the west, we have this morbid fear of pungent aromas, of bacteria. I'm giving a kind of visualization to people's anxieties about all the germs and bacteria that are proliferating all around us."
The Flavor Genome at the Whitney Biennial
Them piece included in the 2017 Whitney Biennial was a 22-minute 3D video titled The Flavor Genome that followed a chemist searching through the Brazilian Amazon for a special plant. In the story, this plant is thought to have medicinal properties, so it is appealing to the pharmaceutical industry. The film considers themes ranging from bioengineering to imperialism.
Other disciplines
Science
Yi works very closely with researchers at universities, including Columbia University and MIT. They worked especially closely with MIT Postdoctoral Fellow Tal Danino during their residency there. The pair developed new biological materials together.
Feminism
In many interviews, Yi has explained that they consider their work in smell to be a feminist response to visually-centered work designed around the male gaze. They have also commented on the gendered hierarchies of the senses, arguing for the revaluation of the sense of smell. As a self-taught connoisseur of perfumery, they seek to elevate it from its relegation to the beauty industry.
Critic Jane Yong Kim wrote about their 2015 show at The Kitchen, which included a piece displaying the organic matter from cheek swabs taken from over hundred women. Kim explains that these bacteria represent how women's bodies can pose threats from the potential for such bacteria to cause infections.
Reception
New York publications have compared their work to that of Joseph Beuys, Matthew Barney, Robert Gober and Darren Bader. Some strategies they use in their exhibits, such as You Can Call Me F, a New Yorker writer described to be reminiscent of Marcel Duchamp. The scholar Caroline A. Jones uses the term "bio-fiction" to describe Yi's work. They describe their works as exploring "a biopolitics of the senses."
Selected exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
2011:Excuse Me, Your Necklace Is Leaking, Green Gallery, Milwaukee
2011:SOUS-VIDE, 47 Canal, New York
2013:Denial, Lars Friedrich, Berlin
2014:Divorce, 47 Canal, New York
2015:7,070,430K of Digital Spit,Kunsthalle Basel, Switzerland
2017:Life Is Cheap, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York
Group exhibitions
2017 Whitney Biennial, 12th Biennale de Lyon, Studiolo, Zurich, Museum of Contemporary Art, North Miami, Museum of Contemporary Art (Basel), White Flag Projects, St. Louis, Sculpture Center, New York, White Columns, New York, West Street Gallery
Awards and honors
2011: The Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation Award
2014-2015: Visiting Artist at the MIT Center for Art, Science & Technology
2016: Hugo Boss Prize
Media
Books
2015: 'Anicka Yi: 6,070,430K of Digital Spit'
Podcasts
2014: 'Lonely Samurai'
References
External links
"In Conversation: Anicka Yi with Olivier Berggruen," interview with Olivier Berggruen, Brooklyn Rail
"Virtual Studio Visit: Klaus Biesenbach in Conversation with Anicka Yi," YouTube video
1971 births
Living people
Artists from New York City
People from Seoul
South Korean contemporary artists
South Korean emigrants to the United States
Women conceptual artists
South Korean women artists
21st-century women artists
Olfactory art
Chipili is a constituency of the National Assembly of Zambia. It covers the town of Chipili in Luapula Province.
List of MPs
References
Constituencies of the National Assembly of Zambia
1973 establishments in Zambia
Constituencies established in 1973
Kursali may refer to:
Ghursali, Armenia
Hollands Glorie: Luv' is a budget-priced compilation album by Dutch girl group Luv' released by CNR Records in 2002. It features hit singles scored in the charts between 1979 and 1981: "Ooh, Yes I Do", "Ann-Maria", "One More Little Kissie", "My Number One" and "Tingalingaling". These songs originate from their studio albums True Luv' (1979) and Forever Yours (1980). They are part of the CNR back catalogue and are licensed from Hans van Hemert productions, except the "Megamix '93" renamed "Hit-medley (Megamix)".
Track listing
All tracks written by Hans van Hemert and Piet Souer under the pseudonym 'Janschen & Janschens', except where noted.
"My Number One" – 3:11
Taken from the album Forever Yours (1980)
"One More Little Kissie" – 3:46
Taken from the album Forever Yours (1980)
"Tingalingaling" – 2:31
Taken from the album Forever Yours (1980)
"Ann-Maria (Piet Souer) – 4:41
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Rhythm 'n' Shoes (Hans van Hemert) – 3:07
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Ooh, Yes I Do" (van Hemert) – 2:58
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Never Wanted to Be..." – 4:34
Taken from the album Forever Yours (1980)
"Cloud Nr. 9" (van Hemert) – 3:25
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Boys Goodnight" (Souer) – 2:40
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Flash" (van Hemert) – 3:51
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"I Win It" – 3:05
Taken from the album Forever Yours (1980)
"Some Call It Happiness" – 3:09
Taken from the album Forever Yours (1980)
"Wine, Women and Sing" (van Hemert) – 3:45
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Getaway" (Souer) – 3:03
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Stop Me" (Souer) – 3:09
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Let There Be Love" – 2:39
Taken from the album True Luv' (1979)
"Billy the Kid" – 3:16
Taken from the album Forever Yours (1980)
"Hit-medley (Megamix)" – 2:49
Radio version. ("U.O.me (Waldolala)"/"Trojan Horse"/"You're the Greatest Lover"/"Ooh, Yes I Do")
Personnel
José Hoebee – vocals
Patty Brard – vocals
Marga Scheide – vocals
Ria Thielsch – vocals
Production
Hans van Hemert – producer, songwriter
Piet Souer – arranger/conductor, songwriter
References
External links
Detailed Luv' discography at Rate Your Music
Detailed Luv' discography at Discogs
Luv' albums
2002 greatest hits albums
Take My Life is a 1947 British crime film directed by Ronald Neame and starring Hugh Williams, Greta Gynt and Marius Goring. It was adapted from Winston Graham's 1947 novel of the same name.
It was shot at Pinewood Studios and on location at York railway station. The film's sets were designed by the art directors John Bryan and Wilfred Shingleton
Plot
Nicholas "Nicky" Talbot attends the London debut of their wife, opera singer Philippa Shelley, at Covent Garden. After their successful performance, Nicky runs into former girlfriend Elizabeth Rusman backstage, a musician in the orchestra, who asks for their help. They give them their address (and keeps their personalised pencil) before Philippa appears. At home, Nicky and a jealous Philippa quarrel over Elizabeth. When Philippa throws an object that strikes their husband in the forehead, they leaf in a huff.
The scene then shifts to a courtroom, where the prosecuting counsel reveals that Nicky is on trial for the strangulation of Elizabeth that night. A flashback shows the murderer setting fire to the body. When the killer leaves the flat, they conceal their face from a man using a handkerchief pressed to their forehead, leading the police to assume they have been injured there. Also, the pencil is found at the scene of the crime. The police take Nicky into custody.
Philippa goes to see Elizabeth's mother in Holland, then to an employment agency and Elizabeth's acquaintances, without any progress. Inspector Archer does, however, let them examine the dead woman's possessions and copy a bit of music. When Philippa plays it at home, they discover that their nephew is already familiar with it.
They set out for a school in Scotland, having ascertained that one of the masters may be the composer. Mr. Fleming, the principal, is disturbed to recognise them from their photograph in the newspaper. They take them on a tour of the school. They notice that the school group photograph for the previous year is missing. When they play the tune on the chapel organ, they see in a mirror that they are perturbed. Philippa obtains a copy of the photograph the next morning and sees Elizabeth in it. Fleming becomes aware of this and follows them aboard the train. They confront them in their compartment. They are interrupted when a man enters, but when the newcomer reveals that they are deaf, Fleming confesses to the crime, though it was unpremeditated. Elizabeth had threatened to divorce them for cruelty, which would have ruined him. After the deaf man leaves, Fleming destroys the incriminating photograph and tries to throw Philippa from the train. The deaf man returns just in time. Fleming then jumps to their death.
When Philippa goes to see Inspector Archer (still without proof), they introduce them to Detective Sergeant Hawkins, the "deaf" man who is not deaf at all and therefore heard Fleming's confession.
Cast
Hugh Williams as Nicholas Talbot
Greta Gynt as Philippa Shelley
Marius Goring as Sidney Fleming
Francis L. Sullivan as Prosecuting Counsel
Henry Edwards as Inspector Archer
Rosalie Crutchley as Elizabeth Rusman
Marjorie Mars as Mrs. Newcombe
David Wallbridge as Leslie Newcombe
Herbert C. Walton as Mike Grieve
Ronald Adam as Detective Sergeant Hawkins
Maurice Denham as Defence Counsel
Eleanor Summerfield as Miss Carteret
Gerald Campion as Newspaper Seller (uncredited)
Leo Bieber as Parone
Nelly Arno as Mrs Rusman
References
External links
1947 films
1940s crime thriller films
British crime thriller films
British courtroom films
Films directed by Ronald Neame
Films produced by Anthony Havelock-Allan
Films set in London
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films scored by William Alwyn
Films based on British novels
Films about opera
British black-and-white films
1947 directorial debut films
1940s British films
The Bee Gees are also known to have performed and/or recorded a number of songs and other instrumentals which have never been officially released on a single or album. The group's unreleased works were later recorded by well-known artists such as P.P. Arnold, Leo Sayer, Percy Sledge and others.
Sessions
Spicks And Specks
Bee Gees' 1st
Horizontal
Idea
"Tomorrow Tomorrow"
Cucumber Castle
2 Years On
Trafalgar
To Whom It May Concern
A Kick in the Head Is Worth Eight in the Pants
All of the songs on what would be the Bee Gees' 12th studio album, A Kick in the Head Is Worth Eight in the Pants are unreleased, except "Wouldn't I Be Someone", "Elisa", "It Doesn't Matter Much to Me" and "King and Country".
Main Course
Children of the World
Spirits Having Flown
Living Eyes
Staying Alive soundtrack
E.S.P.
References
Bee Gees
dZihan & Kamien () are a downtempo and acid jazz music duo based in Vienna, Austria. Their sound has been described as having "jazzy texture, trip-hop rhythms and Eastern ambience." Their first production single, Der Bauch, released in 1996 under the name MC Sultan, was popular in European clubs and was included on several compilations.
dZihan & Kamien's debut album, Freaks & Icons, was released in 2000 on their label, Couch Records. The group followed their debut with two more albums, Refreaked in 2001 and Gran Riserva, with a more jazzy sound, in 2002. All three albums were released in the US under the label of Six Degrees Records.
History
Vlado dZihan, from Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, was raised in a musical family and was known in the local scene as a drummer. They recorded music for the film Arizona Dream, starring Johnny Depp and Faye Dunaway. Mario Kamien, German-born and raised in Switzerland, met dZihan while they were studying in Vienna. Both were interested in traditional Arabic music and Trip hop, and combined their interests and musical backgrounds in the production of their first album, Freaks & Icons.
On October 16, 2010, dZihan & Kamien announced a plan to break up. They announced the release of their last album, "Lost and Found," a collection of B-sides, exclusives and other unreleased tracks from 1998 to 2003.
On September 21, 2018, dZihan & Kamien released a new single, "I've Seen..."
On 12 March 2021, dZihan & Kamien released a new album titled "IV".
References
External links
– official site
Bosnia and Herzegovina musical groups
Musicians from Sarajevo
Musical groups established in 1996
Electronic music duos
Trip hop groups
New Reading is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Ohio, United States. New Reading is west of Somerset. The Randolph Mitchell House, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New Reading.
References
Unincorporated communities in Perry County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Arezumand (, also Bromanized as Ārezūmand and Ārzūmand) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 434, in 117 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Barnard & Westwood is a British printing and bookbinding company. Its primary business is the production of bespoke stationery products for both individuals and businesses, based on traditional techniques and tools. Based in London, the company holds royal warrants of appointment granted by Queen Elizabeth II (1986) and the Prince of Wales (2012), and is a regular supplier of products and services to the British Royal Family.
History
The company was founded by Albert Reginald Barnard, originally a hotel printer who was unable to return to their previous occupation after they were injured in World War I. They approached their aunt, Miss Westwood, for financial backing, and set up their own print shop in 1921.
Over the years, the company's reputation has grown to the point where it numbers St Paul's Cathedral, Westminster Abbey and Sotheby's among its clients, as well as luxury goods brands such as LVMH Moët Hennessy. In 2012, the company printed the invitation cards, table plans and orders of service for the Royal Wedding between Prince William and Kate Middleton; in 2013, it printed programmes for Margaret Thatcher's funeral and the Queen's coronation anniversary service. In 2021 the company printed the Order of Service for the Funeral of Their Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
References
External links
Company website
1921 establishments in England
The 2013 season was the Arizona Cardinals' 94th in the National Football League, their 26th in Arizona and their first under head coach Bruce Arians. The team finished with a 10–6 record, which was the second time in 37 years that the team finished with at least 10 wins. The Cardinals doubled their win total from 2012, and were in playoff contention heading into the Week 17 regular season finale, but missed the playoffs for a fourth consecutive season.
2013 draft class
Staff
Final roster
Preseason
Schedule
Regular season
Schedule
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Week 1: at St. Louis Rams
Week 2: vs. Detroit Lions
Week 3: at New Orleans Saints
Week 4: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Week 5: vs. Carolina Panthers
Week 6: at San Francisco 49ers
Week 7: vs. Seattle Seahawks
Week 8: vs. Atlanta Falcons
Week 10: vs. Houston Texans
Week 11: at Jacksonville Jaguars
Week 12: vs. Indianapolis Colts
Week 13: at Philadelphia Eagles
Week 14: vs. St. Louis Rams
Week 15: at Tennessee Titans
With the win, the Cardinals were the only NFC West team to defeat all of their AFC South opponents.
Week 16: at Seattle Seahawks
Week 17: vs. San Francisco 49ers
The Cardinals finished their regular season at home against the San Francisco 49ers in hopes of making the playoffs needing not only a win over the 49ers, but also a long shot upset by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at New Orleans. After being behind 177 at halftime, the Cardinals were ultimately shut down by their division rivals and put in 3rd place, barely missing out as they needed to beat the 49ers to win the NFC's last playoff spot. However, even if they had won, their spot depended on the outcome of the game between the New Orleans Saints and the Buccaneers. They would finish their season 106, becoming the league's only team with a winning record to not make the playoffs.
With the loss, the Cardinals finished the season by 10–6.
Standings
Division
Conference
Footnotes
References
External links
Arizona
Arizona Cardinals seasons
Arizona
The 2012 SEABA Cup is the qualifying event in the SEABA for the 2012 FIBA Asia Cup. The games were held from July 3 to July 7 in Chiang Mai, Thailand. The Philippines swept all of their assignments to clinch the lone spot for SEABA region.
Round robin
Final standings
Awards
References
2012
International basketball competitions hosted by Thailand
2012–13 in Asian basketball
2012–13 in Philippine basketball
2012–13 in Malaysian basketball
2012–13 in Indonesian basketball
2012–13 in Singaporean basketball
2012–13 in Thai basketball
Legal Aid service Providers Network (LASPNET) is a non governmental organization based in Uganda.
It is an umbrella organization for several legal Aid clinics in Uganda.
History
LASPNET started in 2001as a coalition to encourage the private sector players to get involved in issues directly affecting the poor and their access to justice in Uganda.
It was registered in 2004 as a company with the aim of promoting access to justice for the vulnerable and marginalized.
Membership
LASPNET is an organization that coordinates other organizations that provide free legal Aid in Uganda.
It has a membership of over 40 nongovernmental organizations including, Uganda Association of Women Lawyers (FIDA-U), Law Development Center's Legal aid clinic (LAC), Makerere University's Public interest law clinic (PILAC), Legal Aid project of Uganda Law society among others.
LASPNET also directly tackles issues of gender based violence, human rights and governance in Uganda.
Location
LASPNET is located on Plot 10, Block 75 off Balintuma Road, Mengo Kampala Uganda.
References
Non-governmental organizations
Print Quarterly is an international academic journal devoted to the history and art of printmaking, from its origins to the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. It is published in London four times a year, in March, June, September, and December. It was founded in 1984 by the scholar, patron of the arts and businessman David Landau, who served as editor for twenty-eight years. The current editor Rhoda Eitel-Porter joined the staff of the periodical in September 2010. The journal's editorial board comprises notable academics and curators working in prints history and the graphic arts.
The journal publishes recent scholarship on all things related to prints. It covers the Western tradition in the graphic arts as well as Asian, Latin-American and African printmaking. Articles consider the role and import of the print from a number of perspectives including those of social and cultural history, iconography, biography, and collecting. Reviews of recent books related to the graphic arts and of catalogues of exhibitions of works on paper are also included.
Recent contributions have treated such diverse subjects as Francesco Salviati, the influence of a seventeenth-century fencing manual, Jean-Étienne Liotard, a quiz on an unidentified etching, the collector Pierre-Jean Mariette, Utagawa Kuniyoshi, Whistler, Soviet and Vietnamese posters, Jim Dine, comic strips, Ad Reinhardt, William Kentridge and digital prints.
The content lists for each volume from 1984 to 2009 are published online and can be searched at the journal's website, http://www.printquarterly.com, and through the Getty Research Institute's Bibliography for the History of Art.
Editors
David Landau: 1984 – December 2010
Rhoda Eitel-Porter: September 2010 – present
Editorial Board
Clifford Ackley, David Alexander, Judith Brodie, Michael Bury, Paul Coldwell, Marzia Faietti, Richard Field, Celina Fox, David Freedberg, Pat Gilmour, Antony Griffiths, Craig Hartley, Martin Hopkinson, Ralph Hyde, David Kiehl, Fritz Koreny, David Landau, Ger Luijten, Giorgio Marini, Jean Michel Massing, Nadine Orenstein, Peter Parshall, Maxime Préaud, Christian Rümelin, Michael Snodin, Ellis Tinios, Henri Zerner.
References
External links
Art history journals
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1984
English-language journals
Śrem () is a town on the Warta river in central Poland. It is the seat of Śrem County in the Greater Poland Voivodeship. As of 1995, the population of Śrem was 29,800.
Śrem is to the south of Poznań, a local road junction on the road from Poznań to Rawicz; other roads lead from the town to Września, Leszno and Głuchowo. The Śrem District has a population of 39,672, of which about 31,000 live in the town of Śrem.
History
Śrem was founded in the second half of the 10th century in the cradle of the emerging Polish state, when a fortified settlement, which protected the ford across the Warta on an important trade route from Silesia to Poznań, was erected on the right bank of the Warta river, and soon a trade settlement developed on the left bank. It is numbered among the oldest Lechitic settlements. Śrem received municipal rights from dukes Bolesław the Pious and Przemysł I of Greater Poland in 1253, the same year as Poznań.
Śrem developed rapidly and in the 14th century, it became a royal town of the Polish Crown and the seat of local royal officials (starosta). Administratively it was located in the Poznań Voivodeship in the Greater Poland Province of the Polish Crown. Its heyday was in the first half of the 15th century and the second half of the 16th century. Later, lengthy wars, epidemics and natural catastrophes caused Śrem to decline, like many other towns in the Greater Poland region. In the late 18th century, Józef Wybicki, Polish jurist, poet, political and military activist, best known as the author of the lyrics of the Polish national anthem, settled in nearby Manieczki, and in 1791 became a burgher and honorary citizen of Śrem.
The town was annexed by Prussia in the Second Partition of Poland in 1793, regained by Poles and included in the short-lived Duchy of Warsaw in 1807, re-annexed by Prussia in 1815, and from 1871 it was part of Germany. Despite the influx of German officials, Śrem remained a typical Polish town. During the Greater Poland uprising (1848), a hospital for Polish insurgents was established in the town, and in the following decades the town remained a center of Polish resistance, and Poles established various organizations and enterprises. After World War I Poland regained independence in November 1918, and the Greater Poland uprising (1918–19) broke out, during which in December 1918, the local German garrison surrendered without resistance and the town was finally restored to the Second Polish Republic. In the interbellum new factories were opened and new housing districts were built.
Śrem was bombed by Germany on September 1, 1939, the first day of the invasion of Poland, which began World War II. During the German occupation, the Polish population was subjected to mass arrests, imprisonment, executions, expulsions, and deportations to Nazi concentration camps. In September 1939, the Einsatzgruppe VI carried out mass arrests of Poles, many of whom were immediately murdered. The Einsatzgruppe VI carried out public executions of Poles from Śrem and nearby villages on September 20 and October 20, 1939, killing 20 and 19 people respectively, including former Polish insurgents of 1918–1919, local administration and court officials, merchants, and landowners. The Polish resistance movement was quickly organized in the town, incl. the Dla Ciebie Polsko ("For You, Poland") organization founded by a local teacher in October 1939, and later also the Home Army. 12 Poles arrested in Śrem were executed in the nearby village of Zbrudzewo on November 8, 1939. Further mass arrests of 45 Poles, mostly teachers, were carried out in May 1940, and most were then deported to the Mauthausen and Dachau concentration camps, and murdered there. In 1939 and 1940, the Germans expelled hundreds of Poles, who were deported to the General Government in the more-eastern part of German-occupied Poland, and their houses were then handed over to German colonists as part of the Lebensraum policy. After the end of German occupation, the town was restored to Poland, although with a Soviet-installed communist regime, which stayed in power until the Fall of Communism in the 1980s.
From 1975 to 1998 it was administratively part of the Poznań Voivodeship. In August 1980, employees of local factories joined the nationwide anti-communist strikes, which led to the foundation of the Solidarity organization, which played a central role in the end of communist rule in Poland.
Economy
At present, the town has a population of about 30,000, with a fast-developing economy. It is the seat of many firms with private and foreign capital, which have invested in metallurgy, furniture production, transport, window and door production, textiles and food processing. The Śrem Iron Foundry is the biggest plant in Śrem and Śrem County. Business activity in the area is supported by such institutions as the Craftsmen's Guild, the Śrem Centre for Support of Small Business, and the County Branch of the Wielkopolska Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
Attractions
For attractions, promoters cite the scenery, palaces and manors with surrounding parks, domestic and religious architecture, as well as nature sanctuaries. Infrastructure includes accommodation, restaurants, and sports and leisure facilities (see below).
Śrem is also the seat of education facilities: vocational and secondary schools as well as a branch of Adam Mickiewicz University of Poznań. The branch offers Bachelor of Science courses in material chemistry and tourism. In addition, there are cultural institutions such as the Śrem Museum, the public library, the Culture Centre, and local media including the press, television.
There are also monuments to notable people connected with Śrem, including Józef Wybicki and Piotr Wawrzyniak, and memorials to the Greater Poland uprising (1918–19) participants and the victims of World War II.
Sports
There are multiple sports facilities in Śrem: pitches, a stadium, a swimming pool, bowling alleys, gyms, and a yacht club with a landing stage on Lake Grzymisławskie. Śrem is the starting point of almost all major marked cycling routes in the region.
The local football club is . It competes in the lower leagues.
Notable people
Julius Schreiber (1848–1932), internist
Piotr Wawrzyniak (1849–1910), priest, economic and educational activist
Francis J. Borchardt (1849–1915), member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
(1851–1919), composer, conductor, historian
(1854–1892), painter
Teodor Jeske-Choiński (1854–1920), Polish intellectual, writer and historian, attended school in Śrem
Ludwik Mycielski (1854–1926), Polish politician, attended school in Śrem
(1854–1923), gynecologist and philanthropist
Eugen Mittwoch (1876-1942), rabbi
Hermann Schreiber (1882-1954), rabbi, philosopher and journalist
Wolf-Dietrich Wilcke (1913–1944), Luftwaffe pilot
Włodzimierz Kolanowski (1913–1944), Polish Air Force officer, who co-organized the Great Escape from the Stalag Luft III POW camp, attended school in Śrem
(1940–2009), painter and crossbow designer
Krzysztof Budzyń (born 1957), entrepreneur and amateur historian
Zenon Jaskuła (born 1962), Olympic medalist and pro cyclist
Patrycja Wyciszkiewicz (born 1994), Olympic sprinter
Dawid Kurminowski (born 1999), footballer
References
Cities and towns in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Śrem County
Poznań Voivodeship (1921–1939)
10th-century establishments in Poland
Populated places established in the 10th century
Nazi war crimes in Poland
Contessa was a refrigerated cargo and passenger ship of built by Barclay, Curle & Co., Glasgow for Vaccaro Brothers & Company launched 18 February 1930. The ship, along with sister ship , served ports in the United States (New York and New Orleans), Cuba, and Central America specifically La Ceiba, Honduras which is still a port for the fruit trade. The ship became part of the Standard Fruit Company, a company established by Vaccaro Brothers, and operated as a cargo passenger vessel until taken over at New Orleans by the War Shipping Administration (WSA) on 29 May 1942 with Standard Fruit Company remaining as the WSA operating agent. The ship was later bareboat sub chartered to the United States War Department 14 July 1943 and operated in the Army's Southwest Pacific Area local fleet under the local fleet number X-96 from 18 September 1943 into 1945 as a troop ship. The ship was returned to WSA with Standard Fruit again its agent on 28 May 1946 in Brooklyn until returned to the company for commercial operation at New Orleans on 20 August 1947.
Commercial service
Service began with sailings from New York at noon each Thursday by either Contessa or sister ship Cefalu for twelve day travel to the tropical waters and ports with advertisements emphasizing the fact all passenger accommodations were well ventilated "outside" staterooms. Features included hot and cold water in all rooms with either hot and cold salt water baths or freshwater showers and a saltwater swimming pool on the after deck. By 1934, the two ships were operating from the United States out of New Orleans rather than New York.
Wartime service
On 29 May 1942 Contessa was taken over by the War Shipping Administration (WSA) in New York with the Standard Fruit Company remaining as the WSA operating agent and the ship retaining its Honduran registry.
In October Contessa was chosen at the last minute to solve a problem facing Operation Torch planners in rapidly supplying the airfield to be captured at Port-Lyautey that lay up the Sebou River with aviation gasoline and munitions. The piers at the Port-Lyautey airfield lay in a "U" bend of the river approximately five miles from the landing beaches but nine miles up the shallow river with a maximum depth that even at the highest November tides limited access to ships drawing no more than . Contessa arrived at Norfolk as the convoy was preparing to sail in a leaking condition with engine problems that required immediate dry docking expected to take several days. By extraordinary effort the ship was repaired early, but in the meantime much of the crew had left town in expectation of a longer stay. Three days late, with a crew filled out from seaman volunteers from a local Naval brig released from minor offenses, the ship got underway from the Hampton Roads Port of Embarkation in the early hours of 27 October in an unescorted dash across the Atlantic to join the convoy. Contessa, loaded with only 738 tons of gasoline and bombs, overtook the convoy on 7 November. At 1620 on 10 November the Contessa entered the Sebou River, led by with a U.S. Army Raider battalion embarked and followed by , to deliver the aviation gasoline and munitions for the seventy-seven Army P-40 aircraft launched in the morning by the auxiliary aircraft carrier but ran aground when passing the Kasba and had to await a higher tide the morning of 11 November.
On 14 July 1943 WSA placed Contessa under sub bareboat charter to the United States War Department for operation by the United States Army Transportation Corps. By 18 September 1943 Contessa had joined the Army's Southwest Pacific Area local fleet under the local fleet number X-96. Them sister ship, Cefalu, also joined that fleet on the same date as X-95 with both now being classed as 14.6 knot ships, converted in theater for troop transport and were serving as "leave ships" used to transport troops for rest in Australia from the New Guinea fronts. The Australian War Memorial photo of the ship in the Southwest Pacific notes armament with a five-inch gun and 20 mm antiaircraft guns at bow, on superstructure and aft.
In 1944, with planning for the Philippine campaign underway and a severe shortage of refrigerated transport available in theater, both Contessa and Cefalu were considered for reconversion to refrigerated transports. During the conversion to troop transports the refrigeration machinery had not been removed and on 2 November 1944 General MacArthur approved reconversion of the ships into refrigerated transports to provide 327,886 cubic feet vice the remnant 82,410 cubic feet of refrigerated space with the request the work be done at San Francisco rather than in Australian yards to reduce delay. The request was granted on 18 December 1944 with Contessa being the first ship to be followed by Cefalu when their conversion was complete. The conversion was not completed until June 1945 and work on Cefalu was not due until July. Even the conversion of Contessa was ineffective with the ship being returned to San Francisco on 20 September 1945 because its refrigeration could not maintain required low temperatures in the tropics.
On 28 May 1946 the ship was again placed under Standard Fruit Company operating at New York as the WSA agent until returned to the company in New Orleans for commercial service on 20 August 1947.
Postwar service
Contessa returned to regular service after the war but was sold and registered in the Netherlands in 1959 as Leeuwarden and then Panama in 1965 as Tropicana II and Santa Anna spending much of the time idle before scrapping in 1970.
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
External links
On board a Vaccaro Line steamer
Interior views of sister ships Contessa and Cefalu
1950s Brochure
1930 ships
Ships built on the River Clyde
Ships of Honduras
Transport ships of the United States Army
The Paraguayan ambassador in Bogotá is the official representative of the Government in Asunción to the Government of Colombia.
List of representatives
References
Colombia
Paraguay
During the 1997–98 English football season, Ipswich Town competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary
For the second season running, Ipswich reached the playoffs, having won 16 of their last 20 games, but lost to Charlton Athletic who went on to be promoted.
First-team squad
Left club during season
Reserve squad
Competitions
Football League First Division
League table
Results summary
Legend
Ipswich Town's score comes first
Matches
First Division play-offs
FA Cup
League Cup
Transfers
Transfers in
Loans in
Transfers out
Loans out
Awards
Player awards
PFA First Division Team of the Year
References
Ipswich Town F.C. seasons
Ipswich Town
The Alexandra Line was a short branch line in Victoria, Australia, that connected with the Mansfield railway line at Cathkin. The branch was opened from Cathkin to Koriella station on 16 September 1890, and to the terminus at Alexandra on 28 October 1909.
The branch was closed in 1978, at the same time as the Mansfield line. The rail reserve is now part of the Goulburn River High Country Rail Trail.
The Alexandra Timber Tramway and Museum has occupied the Alexandra station buildings since the 1970s and, since the line was closed, have operated a museum at the station site, dedicated to the timber industry in the local area.
References
External links
Photographs of stations along the Alexandra line
Closed regional railway lines in Victoria (Australia)
Martin Arnold (May 14, 1929, New York City – June 4, 2013 Manhattan) was an American journalist who spent nearly four decades at The New York Times.
In 1968, Arnold received the George Polk Award for Political Reporting.
Arnold's positions at the Times included:
media editor (early 1990s)
book editor for Culture Desk and publishing columnist (late 1990s/early 2000s)
Arnold died on June 4, 2013, at their home in Manhattan from complications of Parkinson's disease. They were 84.
Early life
Arnold was born Martin Katske to Arnold and Evelyn Katske, and raised on Long Island. When their father died, their mother changed their surname to Arnold. They earned a bachelor's degree from what was then Adelphi College in Garden City.
Notes
1929 births
2013 deaths
George Polk Award recipients
American columnists
The New York Times writers
Deaths from Parkinson's disease
Neurological disease deaths in New York (state)
Writers from Manhattan
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
People from Long Island
Adelphi University alumni
Henry Gunthorp (29 April 1871 – 7 October 1962) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played first-class cricket for Canterbury and Otago between 1895 and 1903.
Gunthorp was born in London in 1871. Professionally they were a dentist.
References
External links
1871 births
1962 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Canterbury cricketers
Otago cricketers
People from Marylebone
Cricketers from Greater London
Bayadere may refer to:
Bayadere is a European term for devadasi — a female dancer in India, often clothed in loose Eastern costume
Bayadere (fabric), an Indian silk fabric
Die Bajadere, an operetta by Emmerich Kalman
Die Bajadere, a polka by Johann Strauss II
La Bayadère, a ballet by Marius Petipa to the music of Ludwig Minkus
See also
Nautch
A squamous cell papilloma is a generally benign papilloma that arises from the stratified squamous epithelium of the skin, lip, oral cavity, tongue, pharynx, larynx, esophagus, cervix, vagina or anal canal. Squamous cell papillomas are typically associated with human papillomavirus (HPV) while sometimes the cause is unknown.
Types
Oral squamous cell papilloma
Squamous cell papilloma of the mouth or throat is generally diagnosed in people between the ages of 30 and 50, and is normally found on the inside of the cheek, on the tongue, or inside of lips. Oral papillomas are usually painless, and not treated unless they interfere with eating or are causing pain. They do not generally mutate to cancerous growths, nor do they normally grow or spread. Oral papillomas are most usually a result of the infection with types HPV-6 and HPV-11.
Conjunctival squamous cell papilloma
Normally found in children or young adults, a common cause of conjunctival squamous cell papilloma is during childbirth, when the mother passes the virus to their child.
Diagnosis
It appears as an exophytic mass made of cauliflower appearance. The lesion may be white, red, or normal in color. It appears as sessile or pedunculated mass. Histopathology typically shows papillomatous protrusions and/or dysplasia.
Treatment
While most cases require no treatment, therapy options include cryotherapy, application of a topical salicylic acid compound, surgical excision and laser ablation.
References
External links
Benign neoplasms
Papillomavirus-associated diseases
Lincoln Public Schools was founded in 1923, and is the second largest public school district in the U.S. state of Nebraska, located in the heart of the Great Plains. Known for its long-standing legacy of educational excellence and tradition of rigorous academic achievement, the school district of over 40,000 students is home to more than 60 schools and programs.
The current superintendent is Dr. Paul Gausman, who joined LPS on July 1st, 2022. They previously are the superintendent for Sioux City Community School District for fourteen years. Dr. Gausman holds degrees from the University of St. Thomas, the University of Sioux Falls, the University of Nebraska-Omaha, and from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
As of 2010, students of Lincoln Public Schools speak 52 languages; largely due to Lincoln being a destination of many refugees, who have settled there since the U.S. Government declared Lincoln a refugee-friendly city in the 1970s.
Schools
Elementary schools
Middle schools
High schools
References
External links
LPS homepage
Lincoln Youth Symphony
School districts in Nebraska
Education in Lincoln, Nebraska
School districts established in 1923
Panthères Football Club are a Beninese football club based in Djougou. They currently play in the Benin Premier League for 2014–15 season.
Football clubs in Benin
Clive Williams may refer to:
Clive Williams (rugby union) (born 1948), Welsh rugby union player
Clive Williams (professor) (born 1945), British-born former Australian Army Military Intelligence officer and academic
The 2002 California wildfires were a series of wildfires that were active in the state of California during the year 2002. In total, there were 8,328 fires that burned of land.
Fires
Below is a list of fires that exceeded or caused a notable amount of damage during the 2002 fire season. The list is taken from CAL FIRE's list of large fires.
References
Wildfires 2002
California, 2002
2002
The Amphiareion of Oropos (), situated in the hills 6 km southeast of the fortified port of Oropos, was a sanctuary dedicated in the late 5th century BCE to the hero Amphiaraos, where pilgrims went to seek oracular responses and healing. It became particularly successful during the 4th century BCE, to judge from the intensive building at the site. The hero Amphiaraos was a descendant of the seer Melampos and initially refused to participate in the attack on Thebes (detailed in the Seven Against Thebes of Aeschylus) because they could foresee that it would be a disaster. In some versions of the myth, the earth opens and swallows the chariot of Amphiaraos, transforming them into a chthonic hero. Today the site is found east of the modern town Markopoulo Oropou in the Oropos municipality of Attica, Greece
The sanctuary is located 37.2 km NNE of Athens at a sacred spring; it contained a temple of Amphiaraos (with an acrolithic cult statue), as well as a theater, stoa, and associated structures. The temenos extended for some 240 metres northeast from the Temple of Amphiaraos (hence Amphiareion) along a streambed. The cult, which was both public and private, dates to the 5th century BCE. There was an upswing in the sanctuary's reputation as a healing site during the plague that hit Athens in the late 5th BCE Herodotus relates that the oracular response of this shrine was one of only two correct answers to the test put to them all by the Lydian king Croesus. There were many dedications from Greeks, notable Romans, and others, many with inscriptions. On the southeast side of the streambed there are extensive remains of domestic structures as well as an unusually well-preserved clepsydra.
At the Amphiareion, in addition to the presumed annual festival, Greater Amphiareia were celebrated in an agonistic festival of athletic games, every fifth year. Two reliefs of the late 5th-early 4th century BCE seem to provide the earliest attestations of the festival games; there is an inscribed catalogue of victors at the Greater Amphiareia that dates before 338 BCE.
Amphiaraos was also worshipped at the site of Rhamnous about 17.5 km southeast, as well as at Athens, Argos, Sparta, and other sites. The cult at the Amphiareion came to an end with the outlawing of non-Christian worship in the Theodosian decrees at the end of the 4th century CE.
In 414 BCE, Aristophanes produced a comedy, Amphiaraos, of which fragments survive as quotations.
Sanctuary of Amphiaraos
At the Temple of Amphiaraos, the site is about 154 m in elevation, with a gentle slope to the northeast, as it fills the northwest bank of a small ravine between two hills. The sanctuary was located near the border of Attica and Boiotia, the respective spheres of control of Athens and Thebes; control over the site passed back and forth between the rival cities until Alexander the Great destroyed Thebes in 335 BCE. In the 2nd century CE, the Greek periegetic writer Pausanias stated:
I think that Amphiaraos most of all dedicated themselves to interpreting dreams: it is clear that, when they were considered a god, they set up an oracle of dreams. And the first thing is to purify oneself, when someone comes to consult Amphiaraos, and the purification ritual is to sacrifice to the god, and people sacrifice to them and to all those whose names are on (the altar), and - when these things are finished – they sacrifice a ram and spread out its skin under themselves, lie down waiting for the revelation of a dream.
Description of Greece 1.34.5
An inscription from the site, however, states that each man may sacrifice what they want. Some variation in practice during the nine centuries of cult activity at the sanctuary may be expected. The baths of the site were famous in antiquity. The locations of a stadion and a hippodrome are unknown.
Temple of Amphiaraos
The early 4th-century BCE temple of Amphiaraos was of an unusual Doric hexastyle in antis plan: i.e. it had six columns across the front façade between small projecting walls. The antae were capped with half columns, giving the appearance of an octastyle façade. It measures Behind the columns was a pronaos, leading into a cella with two rows of five unfluted internal columns. Alongside the second pair of columns back from the pronaos there was a base for the acrolithic cult statue of Amphiaraos of which one arm remains in situ. In the rear wall of the cella, there was a threshold, perhaps a later addition.
On axis with the center line of the temple, and about northeast, are the remains of the altar divided into sections with inscriptions to a number of gods and heroes. Pausanias (1.34.3) says that the altar was dedicated to five groups:
Heracles, Zeus and Apollo the Healer (Παιών)
Heroes and heroes' wives
Hestia, Hermes, Amphiaraos, and of the children of Amphiaraos, Amphilochos
Aphrodite, Panacea ("all-cure"), Iaso, Hygeia, and Athena the Healer (Παιωνία)
Nymphs and Pan; the rivers Achelous and Cephisus
Wrapping around the altar on the west side is a stepped structure that may have served as an early theatral area before the construction of the theater. Immediately to the east is the sacred spring, where Pausanias says worshipers threw coins when they were healed of a disease. Immediately northeast of the spring is the structure traditionally called the men's bath.
To the northeast of the temple was a line of dedications of statuary, of which the bases (illustration, right) have largely survived; the avenue stretched for around along the road into the sanctuary. Among the more notable dedications, all of the Roman era:
42 BCE inscription honoring Marcus Junius Brutus as a Tyrannicide
86–81 BCE inscription for the Roman dictator Lucius Cornelius Sulla
post-27 BCE inscription for Marcus Agrippa
1st BCE inscription for Appius Claudius Pulcher
inscription for Gnaius Calpurnius Piso
There are also the remains of a small temple at the southwest extremity of this area.
Theatre
The theatre is dated to the 2nd century BCE by inscriptions and the seating area was likely composed of wooden seats on stone supports. Five marble prohedria (seat of honor at the front of the seating area) were discovered placed around the orchestra, which had a radius of 12.4 m. Two parodoi (side entryways) led off from the orchestra between the seating area of the cavea and the stage building. The Doric order proscaenium of the stage structure (c. 12 m wide) is well preserved and thus important for the study of theater design. The theater would have held approximately three hundred spectators.
Stoa
Dating to the mid-4th century BCE, the stoa measured 11 by 110 m with 39 exterior Doric columns and 17 internal Ionic columns. There were stone benches set into the back walls of the structure, perhaps where the suppliants of the god slept and awaited their dreams. The sexes may have been segregated as may have been the case for the bath to the northeast of the stoa, which is traditionally called the women's bath.
Clepsydra
On the southeast side of the streambed opposite the sacred spring are the remains of an unusually well-preserved clepsydra. This instrument is important in the study of ancient methods of timekeeping in that it is an example of an inflow water clock. Since an inflow clock measures time by the filling of a known volume from a constant rate of inflow, it is much more accurate than an outflow water clock in measuring the gradations between full and empty. The clepsydra was composed of a central, square reservoir with a steep stairway on the south side to allow access to the bronze plug at the bottom of the reservoir. Domestic structures for the operation of the sanctuary are closely packed along the southeast side of the ravine, both north and south of the clepsydra.
Images of the Amphiareion
Notes
External links
Official website
Ancient Greek sanctuaries in Greece
Greek mythology
Religion in ancient Boeotia
Oropos
Buildings and structures in East Attica
Archaeological sites in Attica
Ancient Greek archaeological sites in Greece
Afinidad means affinity in Spanish.
Afinidad (in plural Afinidades) may refer to:
Afinidad Quartet, a musical quartet led by Edward Simon
Afinidades (album), an album by Clã and Sérgio Godinho
Afinidades (film), a 2010 film by Vladimir Cruz
Olga Kaljakin (November 8, 1950 – October 6, 2008) was an American art director, graphic designer and film poster artist.
Biography
Kaljakin began their career in advertising by joining Petersen Publishing. They later became an art director and graphic designer for Seiniger Advertising, Aspect Ratio and Crew Creative. During their career, Kaljakin received numerous awards and honors for their work, much of which focused on motion picture advertising via film posters, billboards and newspaper ads. Them awards include Hollywood Reporter Key Art Awards and Art Directors Club of LA certificates.
Kaljakin designed film posters and advertising over the course of twenty-five years. They designed the posters for The Last Samurai, Field of Dreams, Moonstruck, The Untouchables, and numerous other films. The bulk of their film advertising work fell within the timeframe of 1985–1997.
Kaljakin died of emphysema on October 6, 2008, at the age of 57. Them memorial service and burial was held at Hollywood Forever Cemetery. Kaljakin was survived by their children, Tania Kaljakin Hernandez and Alexander Aquino Kaljakin, and their mother, Maria Kaljakin.
Them archives are held at the Motion Picture Academy.
References
American art directors
Film poster artists
American graphic designers
Women graphic designers
1950 births
2008 deaths
Burials at Hollywood Forever Cemetery
Deaths from emphysema
American people of Russian descent
Virginia's 1st House of Delegates district is one of 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the state's bicameral legislature. District 1 represents the city of Norton and portions of Lee, Scott, and Wise counties. The seat is held by Republican Terry Kilgore. Kilgore has been in office since 1993.
Elections
2017
In the November 2017 election, Democrat Alicia Kallen ran against Kilgore. It was the first time in a decade Kilgore had a challenger for the seat. Kallen, 26, works at Norton Community Hospital. However, they were unable to win the seat and Kilgore kept their position.
District officeholders
Electoral history
References
1
Norton, Virginia
Lee County, Virginia
Scott County, Virginia
Wise County, Virginia
Lorenzo Dow Harvey (November 23, 1848 – June 1, 1922) was an American educator who served as Superintendent of Public Instruction of Wisconsin in the late 1880s and early 1900s.
Early life and career
Harvey was born in Deerfield, New Hampshire, and moved with their parents to Wisconsin in 1850, settling in Fulton, Wisconsin. Harvey earned their bachelor's degree from Milton College in 1872, and earned their master's degree from Milton in 1876.
Harvey served as principal of Mazomanie High School in Mazomanie, Wisconsin from 1873 to 1875, and from 1875 to 1880 they served as principal of Sheboygan High School in Sheboygan, Wisconsin. In 1880, Harvey was admitted to the bar.
They moved to Oshkosh, Wisconsin in 1885 to serve as conductor of institutes and professor of political economy at the Oshkosh Normal School. Harvey served as president of the Wisconsin State Normal School in Milwaukee, Wisconsin from 1892 to 1898. They were president of the Wisconsin Teachers' Association from 1890 to 1891.
Political career
Harvey was elected State Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1898 and served two terms, from 1899 to 1903. They were defeated for renomination in 1902, and moved to Menomonie, Wisconsin where they served as superintendent of the public school system from 1903 to 1908. In 1908 they were named president of the Stout Institute at Menomonie in Menomonie, Wisconsin, which would later become the University of Wisconsin-Stout. Harvey served as president until their death in 1922. They were a member of the National Education Association, and served as vice president from 1908 to 1909 and president from 1909 to 1910.
See also
List of Superintendents of Public Instruction of Wisconsin
References
External links
People from Deerfield, New Hampshire
People from Fulton, Wisconsin
People from Mazomanie, Wisconsin
Politicians from Sheboygan, Wisconsin
Politicians from Oshkosh, Wisconsin
People from Menomonie, Wisconsin
Superintendents of Public Instruction of Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Educators from Wisconsin
Wisconsin lawyers
Presidents of the National Education Association
Milton College alumni
University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh faculty
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee faculty
University of Wisconsin–Stout faculty
1848 births
1922 deaths
19th-century American lawyers
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Uttarakhand:
Uttarakhand – state in the northern part of India. It is often referred to as the Devabhumi (literally: "Land of the Gods") due to many Hindu temples and pilgrimage centres found throughout the state. Uttarakhand is known for its natural environment of the Himalayas, the Bhabar and Terai.
General reference
Names
Common English name(s): Uttarakhand
Pronunciation:
Official English name(s): Uttarakhand
Nickname(s): Devabhumi ("Land of the Gods")
Adjectival(s): Uttarakhandi
Demonym(s): Uttarakhandi
Rankings (amongst States and Union Territories of India)
by area: 19th
by elevation: 2nd
by population (2011): 21st
by population density (2011): 27th
by gross domestic product (GDP nominal) (2017–18): 19th
by gross domestic product (GDP nominal) per capita: 9th
by Human Development Index (HDI) (2017): 19th
by life expectancy at birth (2010–2014): 3rd
by sex ratio: 14th
by literacy rate (2011): 17th
Geography of Uttarakhand
Geography of Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand is: a State of India
Population of Uttarakhand: 10,116,752
Area of Uttarakhand: 53,483 km²
Atlas of Uttarakhand
Environment of Uttarakhand
Environment and Forests Department
Ecoregions of Uttarakhand
Western Himalayan alpine shrub and meadows
Western Himalayan subalpine conifer forests
Himalayan subtropical pine forests
Western Himalayan broadleaf forests
Himalayan subtropical broadleaf forests
Terai-Duar savanna and grasslands
Upper Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests
Natural geographic features of Uttarakhand
Great Himalayas
Garhwal Himalayas
Sivalik Hills
Bhabar
Terai
Doab
Indo-Gangetic Plain
Ganges Basin
Mountain peaks of Uttarakhand
Lakes of Kumaon hills
Location of Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand is situated within the following regions:
Northern Hemisphere
Eastern Hemisphere
Eurasia
Asia
South Asia
Indian subcontinent
India
North India
Time zone: Indian Standard Time (UTC+05:30)
Regions of Uttarakhand
Administrative divisions of Uttarakhand
Administrative divisions of Uttarakhand
Districts of Uttarakhand
Tehsils of Uttarakhand
Community development blocks of Uttarakhand
Urban local bodies of Uttarakhand
Districts of Uttarakhand, by division
Kumaon division
Almora district
Bageshwar district
Champawat district
Nainital district
Pithoragarh district
Udham Singh Nagar district
Garhwal division
Chamoli district
Dehradun district
Haridwar district
Pauri Garhwal district
Rudraprayag district
Tehri Garhwal district
Uttarkashi district
Districts of Uttarakhand, by division
Kumaon division
Almora district
Bageshwar district
Champawat district
Nainital district
Pithoragarh district
Udham Singh Nagar district
Garhwal division
Chamoli district
Dehradun district
Haridwar district
Pauri Garhwal district
Rudraprayag district
Tehri Garhwal district
Uttarkashi district
Districts of Uttarakhand, by division
Kumaon division
Almora district
Bageshwar district
Champawat district
Nainital district
Pithoragarh district
Udham Singh Nagar district
Garhwal division
Chamoli district
Dehradun district
Haridwar district
Pauri Garhwal district
Rudraprayag district
Tehri Garhwal district
Uttarkashi district
Municipalities of Uttarakhand
Municipal Corporations of Uttarakhand
Dehradun
Haridwar
Haldwani
Roorkee
Rudrapur
Kashipur
Rishikesh
Kotdwar
Demographics of Uttarakhand
List of cities in Uttarakhand by population
People of Uttarakhand
People from Uttarakhand
Indo-Aryan people
Pahari people
Garhwali people
Kumaoni people
Jaunsari people
Khas people
Buksa people
Tharu people
Tibeto-Burman people
Bhotiya people
Raji people
Jad people
Banrawat people
Languages of Uttarakhand
Indo-Aryan languages
Northern Indo-Aryan languages
Garhwali language
Kumaoni language
Jaunsari language
Eastern Indo-Aryan languages
Tharu languages
Tibeto-Burman languages
West Himalayish languages
Rongpo language
Byangsi language
Chaudangsi language
Darmiya language
Greater Magaric languages
Raji language
Rawat language
Bodish languages
Jad language
Government and politics of Uttarakhand
Form of government: state government (parliamentary system of representative democracy)
Capitals of Uttarakhand:
Gairsain (Summer)
Dehradun (Winter)
Elections in Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand State Election Commission
Local body elections in Uttarakhand
Branches of the government of Uttarakhand
Government of Uttarakhand
Executive branch of the government of Uttarakhand
Head of state: Governor of Uttarakhand
Head of government: Chief Minister of Uttarakhand
Cabinet: Uttarakhand Council of Ministers
Legislative branch of the government of Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly
Speaker of the Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly
Leader of the Opposition in the Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly
Constituencies of the Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly
Judicial branch of the government of Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand High Court
Chief Justice of the Uttarakhand High Court
Seat: Nainital
Law and order in Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Police
Government agencies in Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Public Service Commission
Uttarakhand Human Rights Commission
History of Uttarakhand
History of Uttarakhand
History of Uttarakhand, by period
Ancient Uttarakhand
Uttarakuru Kingdom
Paurava Kingdom
Khasa Kingdom
Kirata Kingdom
Nanda Empire
Maurya Empire
Kushan Empire
Kuninda Kingdom
Gupta Empire
Medieval Uttarakhand
Karkota Empire
Garhwal Kingdom
Panwar dynasty
Kumaon Kingdom
Katyuri dynasty
Chand dynasty
Raika Kingdom
Malla Kingdom
Gorkha Kingdom
Shah dynasty
Anglo-Nepalese War
Treaty of Sugauli
Colonial Uttarakhand
Company rule
Ceded and Conquered Provinces
North Western Provinces
Agra Presidency
British rule
United Provinces of Agra and Oudh
United Provinces of British India
United Provinces
Coolie-Begar movement
Contemporary Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand movement
Chipko movement
Rampur Tiraha firing case
Uttar Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2000 – law that led to the formation of the State of Uttarakhand.
History of Uttarakhand, by region
History of Dehradun
Culture of Uttarakhand
Monuments in Uttarakhand
Monuments of National Importance in Uttarakhand
State Protected Monuments in Uttarakhand
World Heritage Sites in Uttarakhand
Nanda Devi and Valley of Flowers National Parks
Art in Uttarakhand
Music of Uttarakhand
Cuisine of Uttarakhand
Sports in Uttarakhand
Cricket in Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand cricket team
Football in Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand football team
Uttarakhand Super League
Symbols of Uttarakhand
Symbols of Uttarakhand
state emblem: Diamond Shield
state song: Uttarakhand Devabhumi Matribhumi
state animal: Alpine Musk Deer
state bird: Himalayan Monal
state flower: Brahma Kamal
state tree: Burans
Economy and infrastructure of Uttarakhand
Economy of Uttarakhand
Tourism in Uttarakhand
Chota Char Dham
State Industrial Development Corporation of Uttarakhand
Infrastructure of Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Transport Corporation
Char Dham Highway
Char Dham Railway
Urban Development Directorate
Education in Uttarakhand
Education in Uttarakhand
Institutions of higher education in Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Board of School Education
See also
Outline of India
References
External links
of Uttarakhand government
of Uttarakhand Tourism Development Board
Resources on Uttarakhand – news, policies, documents, articles
Photos of the massive destruction due to floods, Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand Tourism, a comprehensive guide
.
Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand
Amb. Ali Yahya (, ; born 1947, died 11 September 2014) was an Israeli Arab diplomat. They became the first Israeli ambassador of Arab descent in 1995 when they were appointed ambassador to Finland, a post in which they served until 1999. In 2006 Yahya was appointed Israeli ambassador to Greece.
A man of education, coexistence, diplomacy and peace.
Biography
Yahya was born in 1947 and raised in Kafr Qara, Israel (כפר קרע). (Mandatory Palestine) - They completed their BA degree in history and Arabic literature at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1970. Amb. Yahya lived happily with their wife and five children.
Yahya was Israel's first Arab ambassador, first to Finland, later to Greece.
Yahya's was awarded the Israeli title of ‘Ambassador For Life', an award provided by the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. As of 2020, only five diplomats hold this title.
Diplomatic and media career
Prior to becoming an ambassador, Yahya was the coordinator of the Israeli Foreign Ministry's Special Projects Division for the Middle East and the Peace Process.
In 1972–1995, Yahya was director-general and taught Arabic language and Arab culture at the Akiva Language Institute (Ulpan Akiva) language seminary in Netanya. They were a lecturer at the Tel Aviv University, the Israeli Senior Police College, and the Israel Foreign Ministry Cadet Training Program.
In 1995, Yahya became a member of the board of directors of the Israel Broadcasting Authority (IBA), where they were in charge of Arabic and radio programs. That year they also joined the Lapid Movement for Learning the Lessons of the Holocaust. Later in 1995 they were appointed the Israeli ambassador to Finland. Joined by their beloved wife & children, they served until 1999.
In 1999, they served as coordinator and advisor for special projects (P.T.P.), at the department for the Middle East Peace Process and was the direct responsible for the Aqaba Eilat peace talks.
In 2000, they became chairperson of the Board of The Arab Institute, at Central Galilee College; chairperson of the board at The Abraham Fund dedicated to advancing coexistence, equality and cooperation between Israel's Jewish and Arab citizens; member of the board of trustees at The Harry S. Truman Research Institute for the Advancement of Peace and member of the board of trustees at The Max Stern Academic College of Emek Yezreel.
In 2006, Yahya was appointed the Israeli ambassador to Greece.
On a visit to Singapore in 2006, Yahya called for direct ties between Israel and Indonesia. In an interview to Jakarta post they said, I misunderstand why the relationship between the majorities of Muslims in Asia is hostile to Israel. If it is because of Israel and Palestine, then (how can it be reconciled that) we have peace with Jordan, Egypt, Morocco, but not with eastern Asia?
We protect the holy places in Israel, respect the Arabic language, and bring imams and rabbis together to have discussions. I am posing a question if the Muslim countries in Asia can open the gate to their country for us, so that we can open up relations with them.
There are so many opportunities in Israel and by stressing the need for cooperation we would like to get these countries to also have a share of these opportunities. But to do that, we need to have the opportunity to talk directly to these countries, which I hope, will come up soon.
Yahya was the first Israeli–Arab to light the ceremonial torch at the Israeli Independence Day celebration, and was the delegate of the Israeli – Arab Community at the Nobel Prize Ceremony in 1995.
Yahya passed died on 11 September 2014 in Kafr Qara.'''
Awards and recognition
Yahya received a number of awards in recognition of their work.
Knesset Speaker's Prize (1983) for quality of the environment.
In 1986, was representative of Ulpan Akiva, recipient of the Israel Prize.
Histadrut (Israeli Labor Union) Prize for Coexistence (1993).
In 1994, they received recognition from the U.S. Senate for “Promotion of Peace through Language and Culture.”
References
Ambassadors of Israel to Finland
Ambassadors of Israel to Greece
Arab citizens of Israel
Language teachers
Israeli Muslims
1947 births
2014 deaths
People from Kafr Qara
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
Tel Aviv University faculty
Alla mina ansikten (All my faces) is the second studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Nanne Grönvall, released in April 2001. The album was re-released in March 2002 with a differently arranged track listing and the bonus track "Ett vackert par", a duet with Nick Borgen.
Track listing
References
2001 albums
2002 albums
Nanne Grönvall albums
Carl Larvick (June 19, 1882 – April 10, 1960) was a United States politician and state representative from North Dakota. They served in the North Dakota House of Representatives from 1927 to 1930.
Political career
Larson represented the 26th Legislative District, which included Emmons County and Kidder County.
Personal life
They were married to Clara (Holm) Larvick (1887–1972). They were the parents of three children; Martin, Harold and Margaret. They and their family operated a farm in Temvik, North Dakota. They were buried in Greenwood Cemetery in Bayfield County, Wisconsin.
References
External links
Find a Grave
Members of the North Dakota House of Representatives
1882 births
1960 deaths
People from Emmons County, North Dakota
American Lutherans
20th-century American politicians
20th-century Lutherans
Steven Radelet is an American economist working within the field of International Development. They hold the Donald F. McHenry Chair in Global Human Development and is also the Director of the Global Human Development Program (GHDP) at Georgetown University, a program of the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service.
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia called Radelet "one of the leading development thinkers and practitioners in the world today." They have worked as an adviser to governments, in academia at Georgetown and Harvard University, and in senior-level U.S. government positions at USAID, the State Department and the Treasury. In addition to their experience as a practitioner, they have published and contributed to a number of books and articles in academic journals and fora.
Professional background
Dr. Radelet earned their B.S. in mathematics from Central Michigan University in 1979. They then earned their M.P.P. in 1986 from Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government before going on to finish their Ph.D. in Public Policy in 1990. They wrote their dissertation, titled Economic Recovery in The Gambia: The Anatomy of an Economic Reform Program, on the country's response to its economic crisis.
Career
Radelet began their career in international development in 1981 when they served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Western Samoa with their wife, Carrie Hessler-Radelet. After returning to the US and completing their doctorate, they stayed at Harvard University for 12 years to serve in a number of roles, including as the Director of the Macroeconomics Program at the Harvard Institute for International Development (HIID) and as a lecturer in the Economics Department and the Kennedy School of Government. During their tenure with HIID, Radelet spent four years as resident adviser to the Ministry of Finance in Jakarta, Indonesia, and two years with the Ministry of Finance and Trade in The Gambia.
Radelet joined the Georgetown faculty in 2012 after serving as the Chief Economist of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) where they worked with former Administrator Rajiv Shah on the launch of Feed the Future, an initiative focusing on agricultural production and farming communities. They previously served as Senior Adviser for Development to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (1999-2002) and as a Senior Fellow at the Center for Global Development (2002–09).
Radelet has served as an economic adviser to President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia since 2005, and worked in a similar role for the Government of Malawi from 2012 to 2014. They also act as a Non-Resident Fellow at the Brookings Institution.
Publications
They have contributed to debates and discussions at the Cato Institute, the Council on Foreign Relations and other research institutions in addition to participating in a variety of speaking engagements, including a TedX talk at Georgetown University.
In a review of their newest book, Bono, lead singer of U2 and co-founder of The ONE Campaign and (RED), stated: "With their typical care and detail, Steve describes humanity's greatest hits over the last twenty years".
Selected works
Radelet, Steven. The Great Surge: The Ascent of the Developing World. New York: Simon & Schuster, 2015.
Perkins, Dwight, Steven Radelet, David Lindauer, and Stephen Block. Economics of Development, Seventh Edition. New York: W.W. Norton & Co., 2012.
Radelet, Steven. Emerging Africa: How 17 Countries Are Leading the Way. Washington: Center for Global Development, 2010.
Radelet, Steven, and Jeffrey Sachs. The Onset of the East Asian Financial Crisis. No. w6680. National Bureau of Economic Research, 1998.
Radelet, Steven, and Jeffrey Sachs. 1998. The East Asian Financial Crisis: Diagnosis, Remedies, Prospects. Brookings Papers on Economic Activity 1: 1998, pp. 1–74.
Awards
They and their co-authors won the Royal Economic Society Prize, an annual award bestowed upon the author(s) of the best paper published in the Economic Journal, in 2012 for their article Counting Chickens When They Hatch: Timing and the Effects of Aid on Growth.
References
External links
Global Human Development Program at Georgetown University
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American economists
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Central Michigan University alumni
Walsh School of Foreign Service faculty
This is a timeline of incidents in 1983 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1983
1983
Terr
Indonesia participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974. Athletes from Indonesia won overall 11 medals, including three gold, and finished ninth in a medal table.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
Robert Aldridge, later Robert Aldridge-Busby ( 1768 – July 1837) was an Irish politician. They sat in the Irish House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Carysfort from 1799 to 1800. In 1820, they changed their surname to Aldridge-Busby.
References
Year of birth uncertain
1760s births
1837 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Wicklow constituencies
Irish MPs 1798–1800
Thomson Cove () is a cove 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) wide, lying just north of Etienne Fjord in Flandres Bay, along the west coast of Graham Land. First charted and named "Baie Thomson" by the French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot, 1903–05, for Gaston-Arnold-Marie Thomson (1848–1932), French politician who was Minister of the Navy in 1905.
Coves of Graham Land
Danco Coast
Samuel Troilius (22 May 1706 – 18 January 1764) was Archbishop of Uppsala from 1758 to their death.
Biography
They were born in Stora Skedvi parish in the province of Dalarna. Their parents were Olof Troilius and Helena Gangia. Their father was a vicar in the Church of Sweden.
In 1724, they had become student in Uppsala University, and was by 1734 appointed assistant professor of Greek and Roman literature, after having disputed in 1732 with the thesis De magnetismo morum naturali. They were ordained in 1736 and an 1740 they became a priest.
Troilius moved to Stockholm in 1740 as court chaplain, and the following year became the confessor of the Swedish Royal Family. In 1751, they were unanimously elected new Bishop of Västerås following the death of Andreas Kallsenius. In 1760, after the death of Henric Benzelius, they were elected Archbishop of Uppsala. In 1760, Troilius also was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Their marriages were with Anna Elisabeth Angerstein in 1740 and with Brita Elisabet Silfverstolpe in 1751.
In 1756, they and their descendants were ennobled under the surname von Troil. Their son Uno von Troil (1746–1803) also served as Archbishop of Uppsala.
See also
List of Archbishops of Uppsala
References
Other sources
Svenskt biografiskt handlexikon, article Samuel Troilius In Swedish
1706 births
1764 deaths
People from Säter Municipality
Uppsala University alumni
Lutheran archbishops of Uppsala
Bishops of Västerås
18th-century Lutheran archbishops
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Age of Liberty people
A campaign desk is an antique desk of normal size which was used by officers and their staffs in rear areas during a military campaign.
The campaign desk was usually the private property of the officer, as was their uniform and other military implements. It was in general handcrafted by a master cabinetmaker according to the officer's wishes or following traditions for such desks. The desk forms varied greatly, but nearly all had as a common trait several features which made it easy to transport them from one campaign posting to another.
For instance, a campaign desk version of a traditional pedestal desk form would have strong but removable fittings making it easy to break up the desk in three pieces: two pedestals and one desktop surface. Each piece would have brass or iron handles mounted on it to facilitate handling.
Campaign desk variations of the antique writing table seem to have been rather frequent. This form was usually in one piece, with strong handles and two pairs of folding legs.
A smaller version of such a transportable writing table could be considered to be more a field desk than a campaign desk, since it could be moved frequently from one battlefield's rear area to another as the war went on.
Any campaign desk is in a sense also a portable desk.
Modern renditions of the desk could be found at popular retailers.
See also
List of desk forms and types
Campaign furniture
References
Desks
Portable furniture
Maigret is a British television series from ITV. It is an adaptation of the books by Georges Simenon featuring their fictional French detective Jules Maigret, played by Rowan Atkinson. The series is set in France in the mid-1950s. Its first episode aired on 28 March 2016 and the second on Christmas Day, 2016. A second series (also of two episodes) aired during 2017. It was reported in 2018 that the series had been cancelled.
The series premiered in the United States on 31 August 2019 on Ovation.
Rowan Atkinson, who plays Jules Maigret, is a notable fan of the books saying, "I have been a devourer of the Maigret novels for many years and I'm very much looking forward to playing such an intriguing character at work in Paris during a fascinating period in its history."
Series overview
Cast
Rowan Atkinson as Chief Inspector Jules Maigret
Lucy Cohu as Madame Maigret
Shaun Dingwall as Inspector Janvier
Leo Staar as Inspector Lapointe
Mark Heap as Doctor Moers
Hugh Simon as Dr. Paul (three episodes)
Colin Mace as Insp. Lognon (two episodes)
Aidan McArdle as Judge Comeliau (three episodes)
Production
Series 1
The episodes were mainly filmed on location in Budapest and Szentendre, Hungary, which stood in for 1950s Paris.
Series 2
Prior to the second episode's airing on 17 June 2016 and after the popularity of the first, ITV commissioned two further episodes, production of which took place between November 2016 and February 2017.
Episodes
Series 1 (2016)
Series 2 (2017)
References
External links
2016 British television series debuts
2017 British television series endings
2010s British drama television series
Television shows based on Belgian novels
2010s British crime television series
ITV television dramas
British detective television series
Television shows based on works by Georges Simenon
English-language television shows
Television shows filmed in Budapest
2010s British mystery television series
Television series set in the 1950s
Television shows set in Paris
Mammoth Cave is a large limestone cave south of the town of Margaret River in south-western Western Australia, and about south of Perth. It lies within the Leeuwin-Naturaliste National Park and is surrounded by karri and marri forest. There have been extinct animal fossils found in Mammoth Cave.
Exploration
The cave is long and deep. It has been known from about 1850 to European settlers of the Margaret River district, but it was not explored until 1895. Its first explorer, Tim Connelly, who was appointed caretaker of the cave, conducted tours by lamplight until 1904 when electric lighting was installed.
Fossils
The cave has been studied for over a century. It has yielded fossils of Pleistocene fauna over 35,000 years old, including those of thylacines and the giant marsupial herbivore Zygomaturus.
Notes
External links
Show caves in Australia
Pleistocene paleontological sites of Australia
Margaret River, Western Australia
Limestone caves
Caves of Western Australia
Leeuwin-Naturaliste National Park
USS Armadillo (IX-111), the lead ship of their class of tanker was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the armadillo, an insect-eating mammal which has an armorlike shell encasing its back and head.
Construction
They were laid down 24 September 1943, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull No. 1900, as the Type T1 tanker Sidney Howard, by California Shipbuilding Corporation, Terminal Island, Los Angeles, California; launched on 26 October 1943; sponsored by Mrs. S. Howard; renamed Armadillo and designated IX-111; acquired by the Navy on a bareboat basis, and simultaneously placed in commission at San Pedro, Los Angeles, on 18 November 1943.
Service history
Following their commissioning, the vessel began a period of final fitting out and shakedown training off the southern California coast. In January 1944, Armadillo was assigned to Service Force, US Pacific Fleet, and sailed for Pearl Harbor. From early February through early April 1944, the vessel carried personnel and petroleum products between Pearl Harbor and Tarawa, Gilbert Islands. On 22 April, they reported to Majuro Atoll, Marshall Islands, where they served as a station tanker through late August. Armadillo then shifted to Ulithi, Caroline Islands, to perform the same duty. This service was broken by trips to Guam and Saipan in the Mariana Islands and to Peleliu in the Palau Islands.
Armadillo left Ulithi on 10 April 1945, and shaped a course for Okinawa. They arrived there on 18 April, and began providing services to various ships of the Pacific Fleet. On 1 February 1946, the tanker departed Buckner Bay, Okinawa, and headed for the East Coast of the United States. They transited the Panama Canal on 13 March, and continued on to Norfolk, Virginia. The vessel reached that port on 23 March, and began preparations for their inactivation. Armadillo was decommissioned on 29 May 1946, and, on the same day, was delivered to MARCOM's War Shipping Administration (WSA) at Lee Hall, Virginia, and laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet's James River Group. Them name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 19 June 1946.
Merchant service
Acquired by Hasler & Co., agents, for the Windsor Navigation Co., on 3 February 1948, the ship was delivered to their purchaser at Baltimore, Maryland, on 14 April 1948. Renamed Dean H. They were later sold to Liberian interests in November 1954, but returned to the US flag on 3 March 1959. Sold to Winco Tankers, Inc., on the same day, they were renamed Chris H., and carried that name until the title returned to the Maritime Administration (MARAD) the day after Christmas of 1962. Then operated by Winco Tankers, Inc., under a bareboat charter, Chris H. was deactivated on 7 February 1963, and returned to the James River Reserve Fleet where they remained until purchased by N. V. Intershitra on 22 February 1972. They were delivered to their purchaser on 10 March 1972, to be broken up for scrap in the Netherlands.
Awards
Armadillo earned one battle star for their World War II service.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
External links
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Armadillo-class tankers
1943 ships
James River Reserve Fleet
The Bangladesh Gymnastics Federation is the national federation for gymnastics and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh. Sheikh Bashir Ahmed Mamun is the president of the federation.
History
The Bangladesh Gymnastics Federation was established in 1972 and received government recognition the next year. In November 1973, national gymnastic competitions were held for the first time in Bangladesh. In 1974, competition for women gymnastic were started. In August 2019, Japan donated equipment, worth 1.2 million taka, to the federation.
References
Gymnastics in Bangladesh
National members of the Asian Gymnastics Union
1972 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1972
Gymnastics
Organisations based in Dhaka
Jin Shouhao () () is an ethnic Korean Chinese politician. They were previously the governor of Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture beginning in 2017, and voluntarily resigned in 2021, being succeeded by Hong Qing. As of 2020 they are also the serving mayor of Yanji.
They were born in June 1962. In 2018 they were elected as a delegate for the province of Jilin for the 13th National People's Congress.
References
Living people
1962 births
Yanji
Chinese people of Korean descent
Governors of Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture
21st-century Chinese men
20th-century Chinese men
Delegates to the 13th National People's Congress
Mayors of places in China
Epichloë baconii is a haploid sexual species in the fungal genus Epichloë.
A systemic grass symbiont first described in 1993, Epichloë baconii is a sister lineage to Epichloë stromatolonga.
Epichloë baconii is found in Europe, where it has been identified in many species of grasses, including Agrostis capillaris, Agrostis stolonifera, Calamagrostis villosa, Calamagrostis varia and Calamagrostis purpurea.
References
baconii
Fungi described in 1993
Fungi of Europe
Microdamage in bone can be caused by the various loads to which bones are subjected during normal daily activity. It occurs in two different types mainly depending on the load: diffuse damage and microcracks.
References
Skeletal disorders
Giovanni Lopez (born 23 May 1967) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player, who played as a defender.
Playing career
Whilst at Vicenza, Lopez won the 1996–97 Coppa Italia. They then played for Lazio, Napoli and Torino before retiring after a single season at Rome-based club Lodigiani.
Coaching career
Lopez returned into Cisco Roma, a successor of Lodigiani, in 2006, this time as a head coach, and once again in 2008. On 15 July 2013, they were appointed as the head coach of Vicenza Calcio first team.
Lopez was appointed as the assistant manager of Lazio in 2010 which they worked at until 2012. They led Vicenza to promotion playoffs in Lega Pro Prima Divisione in their first season in charge, and was confirmed after the club was picked to fill a vacancy in the Serie B league. They were successively sacked on 29 October 2014 due to poor results.
On 28 October 2015, Lucchese appointed, that they had appointed Lopez as their new manager. They got fired on 22 February 2016. They were resigned on 28 March 2017.
They were fired by Serie C club Viterbese on 7 November 2018, with the club in 10th place in the table. On 20 August 2019, they were reappointed at the helm of Viterbese. They were fired again on 11 November 2019, following Coppa Italia elimination and a consequent league loss, despite the club being in 6th place in the table.
On 26 October 2020 they were hired once again by Lucchese. They were sacked on 13 April 2021, leaving Lucchese deep in relegation zone by the final part of the season.
On 14 December 2021, they were hired by Pistoiese in Serie C. They were dismissed only a month later, on 25 January 2022, following a club takeover.
Honours
Player
Vicenza
Coppa Italia: 1996–97
Lazio
Coppa Italia: 1997–98
Supercoppa Italiana: 1998
References
1967 births
Living people
Footballers from Rome
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
S.S. Fidelis Andria 1928 players
L.R. Vicenza players
S.S. Lazio players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Torino F.C. players
Italian football managers
L.R. Vicenza managers
S.S.D. Lucchese 1905 managers
U.S. Pistoiese 1921 managers
Serie B managers
Serie C managers
A ruling clique is a group of people who jointly rule an oligarchic form of government.
Ruling cliques generally differ from another type of oligarchy: a military junta. Military juntas are always ruled by military personnel (often high-ranking like general). A ruling clique can include people from various professions. The ruling elites who comprise the leadership tend to form a council, political party, or another form of an organized group. The high-ranking members share a rough balance of power although sometimes one or more members seek to increase their power at the expense of others or some of them may attempt to transform the system into an autocracy or make it more democratic.
Some ruling cliques could be considered a form of aristocracy while others are based on a very small circle of rulers rather than a broader based organization such as a political party. In some cases, the entire ruling clique is composed of a council of leaders who are the only members of the clique.
Government
Amchem Noxib is a 1963 Indian Konkani-language film directed by A. Salam and produced by Frank Fernand. It is the second Konkani film, after Mogacho Anvddo, which released in 1950. Amchem Noxib, which was a hit, was a trendsetter for the fledgling Konkani cinema.
Cast
C. Alvares
Ophelia
Rita Lobo
Anthony Mendes
Antonette Mendes
M. Boyer
Kid Boxer
Souza Ferrao
Remie Colaco
Cyriaco Dias
Star of Arrosim
Titta Pretto
Rico Rod
Seby Coutinho
Alfred Rose
Philomena Braz
Lucian Dias
Leena Vaz
Master Vaz
Source:
Crew
Director: A. Salam
Producer: Frank Fernand
Music: Frank Fernand
Music
Amchem Noxib has some Konkani cinema's most memorable and popular songs. The producer Fernand was themselves accomplished in the field of music.
References
External links
Konkani-language films
1963 films
Films set in Goa
1960s Konkani-language films
Gerger Russkiy ("Russian Gerger") may refer to:
Garrgarr, Armenia
Pushkino, Armenia
Dauber (1935–1947) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1938 Preakness Stakes. Bred by Sonny Whitney, they were sired by Harry Payne Whitney's 1913 Futurity Stakes winner, Pennant. Their dam was Ship of War, a daughter of Man o' War.
Dauber was purchased by William du Pont, Jr. and raced by their Foxcatcher Farms. Under trainer Richard Handlen, their best result in a major race for two-year-olds was a win in the 1937 Nursery Handicap and a third in the 1937 Pimlico Futurity. At age three, they notably earned a second-place finish to Stagehand in the 1938 Santa Anita Derby. They went on to compete in all three of the U.S. Triple Crown races. Ridden by jockey Maurice Peters, Dauber finished second to Lawrin in the Kentucky Derby, won the Preakness Stakes by seven lengths, and was second to Pasteurized in the Belmont Stakes. Following the Triple Crown, Dauber did not win another significant race.
Retired to stud, Dauber was not successful as a sire.
Breeding
References
Dauber's pedigree and partial racing stats
1935 racehorse births
1947 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Du Pont racehorses
Preakness Stakes winners
Thoroughbred family 12-b
Decker Towers is an 11-floor apartment building at 230 St. Paul Street in Burlington, Vermont. At tall, it is the tallest building in the U.S. state of Vermont. It is the shortest of any of the US states' tallest buildings, in part because Burlington is the smallest of the US states' biggest cities. Decker Towers was built as a turnkey project. After Pizzagalli Construction Company built it in October 29, 1970-August 31, 1971, the city of Burlington purchased it. It is owned and managed as public housing by the Burlington Housing Authority. Its assessed value is $11,104,000, with the building, land, and yard items valued at $10,224,700; $712,900; and $166,400, respectively.
Features
Decker Towers has a small community garden. Decker Towers has 161 apartments for seniors and people with disabilities. The apartments are either one bedroom or efficiency apartments; six apartments are wheelchair accessible. There is also a dining area, a library, and an 11th floor sitting area. The tenant organization hosts monthly dinners, holiday events and bingo.
The Burlington Housing Authority's Neighborhood Networks Technology Center is located within Decker Towers. It has computers for use by all residents of subsidized housing in the Burlington area.
History
When it opened on August 31, 1971, Decker Towers was called 230 St. Paul Street (its official address then and now). It was the fourth property owned by the Burlington Housing Authority. It was built on top of the old Burlington ravine sewer route.
In late 1971, the administrative offices of the Burlington Housing Authority were moved to the first floor of 230 St. Paul Street. The offices were there until July 2002. The building was dedicated as Decker Towers on .
Renovations
Decker Towers was built with an orange brick exterior. In 1984, exterior insulation was added over the brick as well as pastel swatches designed by Rolf Kielman.
Prior to 2010, the building's exterior had degraded: there were cracks, moisture in the insulation, and window seals were no longer fully functional.
In 2009, money from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 was used at Decker Towers to replace hallway floors as well as resurface the parking lot. Additional funding for renovations also came from Capital Fund Grants.
Other renovations included weatherproofing, a thorough power-wash, reinforcement of stucco, application of a waterproof membrane, a fiberglass mesh layer, and new caulk. The dust barriers were also replaced.
More than 550 windows were removed and replaced with energy-efficient windows, and of exterior insulation finishing system was improved by increasing the thickness of the insulation and re-painting the building.
Decker Towers was fully occupied and functioning during the renovations. The project was finished ahead of schedule.
Smoking policy
Decker Towers caught on fire on February 17, 2010, due to careless smoking. Water from the building's fire sprinkler system caused $100,000 damage.
Decker Towers are smoke-free as of November 1, 2010. The new policy was encouraged by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. The change was motivated by concerns about the effects of second-hand smoke and by safety concerns. The policy will require resident smokers to leave the property, and violating the policy will result in terminating tenancy. Smoking cessation programs were made available at little to no cost.
See also
List of the tallest buildings by U.S. state
List of the tallest buildings in Vermont
Notes
References
Works cited
Chittenden Country Historical Society, Historic Guide to Burlington Neighborhoods (vol. 1).
Buildings and structures in Burlington, Vermont
Public housing in the United States
Apartment buildings in Vermont
Residential buildings completed in 1971
1971 establishments in Vermont
Nanhui New City () is a planned city located in the Pudong New Area of Shanghai, China. It was formerly called Lingang New City (临港新城) until it was renamed in April 2012.
Construction began in 2003 and is scheduled to be completed in 2020, with the German architecture company Gerkan, Marg and Partners leading the project. The project is estimated to have cost $4.5 billion. The city is aimed to house 450,000 to 800,000 residents while attracting 10 million annual tourists.
Location
The site is located at the tip of the peninsula between the Yangtze and the Qiantang rivers on Hangzhou Bay. It is approximately 60 kilometers southeast of downtown Shanghai. A major portion of the site was reclaimed from the sea.
The city was slated to become a "mini-Hong Kong". However, despite real estate developments being sold quickly, people have been reluctant to move in. To help vitalize the city, eight university campuses have been built on the west side of Nanhui New City, bringing in more than 100,000 students. In August 2019, it was announced that the area will be included in the Shanghai Free-Trade Zone.
== Attractions ==
Shanghai Haichang Ocean Park
Wintastar indoor ski resort
Shanghai Planetarium
China Maritime Museum, Shanghai
See also
Nanhui District
References
External links
Website of the architecture office
More information about Nanhui
Article by Welt Online
Bauen in China - Shanghai: Lingang New City, S. 50-68 (PDF; 7,45 MB; in German)
Planned cities
Pudong
Towns in Shanghai
Norman Rae Taurog (February 23, 1899 – April 7, 1981) was an American film director and screenwriter. From 1920 to 1968, Taurog directed 180 films. At the age of 32, they received the Academy Award for Best Director for Skippy (1931).  They are the second youngest person ever to win the award after Damien Chazelle, who won for La La Land in 2017. They were later nominated for Best Director for the film Boys Town (1938). They directed some of the best-known actors of the twentieth century, including their nephew Jackie Cooper, Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, Deanna Durbin, Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Deborah Kerr, Peter Lawford, Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, and Elvis Presley. Taurog directed six Martin and Lewis films, and nine Elvis Presley films, more than any other director.
For their contribution to the motion picture industry, Taurog has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1600 Vine Street.
Early life
Norman Taurog was born February 23, 1899, in Chicago, Illinois, to Jewish parents Arthur Jack Taurog and Anita (originally "Annie") Taurog (née Goldsmith). Their father's naturalization records claim that Arthur was born in the Russian Empire in 1872 or 1873 and naturalized as a minor, while their mother was from New York. Later census records claimed that Arthur's parents were from Germany, and Anita's were from England. The couple were married in Chicago in 1896.
Norman became a child performer on the stage at an early age, making their movie debut at the age of 13 in the short film Tangled Relations, produced by Thomas Ince's studios. In the eight years until their next screen credit, they worked in theater, mostly off-Broadway.
Film career
In 1919, Taurog returned to the film industry as a director, collaborating with Larry Semon in The Sportsman (1920). In the coming decade, they made 42 silent films, mostly shorts. During this time, they developed their style, their forte being light comedy although they could also deal with drama and maintain complex narratives. In early 1928, they directed their first feature-length film, The Ghetto starring George Jessel, which was expanded in late 1928 with musical and dialogue portions directed by Charles C. Wilson for eventual release as Lucky Boy (1929).
In 1931, they made their breakthrough, directing Skippy, for which they won an Academy Award for Best Director. Recently, Taurog's award statue sold for $301,973 at auction in Beverly Hills. Taurog's nephew Jackie Cooper was also nominated for their performance; in their 1981 autobiography Please Don't Shoot My Dog, Cooper wrote that, during filming, Taurog pretended to shoot their dog to make the child actor cry for one scene. (While this book was being written, attempts were made by Cooper's editor to get Taurog's version of events; Taurog declined to participate.) Skippy tells of the adventures of the eponymous hero, their antics and adventures with their friend Sooky as they try to come up with a license for Sooky's dog, save their shantytown from demolition, sell lemonade and save for a new bike. Based on a popular comic strip character, its sentiment, comedy and moral didacticism (common with movies of the time), added to a gritty realism made it a huge success, so much so that the studio immediately scheduled a sequel, Sooky, for the following year.
The next few years saw Taurog enter the third chapter of their career, as an established director who could work in a number of genres. They directed a series of well-received films, including If I Had a Million (1932), which showed their ability to work with an all-star cast—Gary Cooper, George Raft, Charles Laughton, and W. C. Fields. In 1934, they directed We're Not Dressing, starring Bing Crosby, Carole Lombard, George Burns, Gracie Allen, and Ray Milland. In 1935, they directed the star-studded musical showcase The Big Broadcast of 1936 starring Bing Crosby and George Burns and Gracie Allen.
In 1938, Taurog brought all their skill and experience to bear with one of the liveliest and most successful adaptations of classic literature; The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was an artistic and commercial triumph. The year also brought Boys Town, showing Taurog to be more than capable of sustaining a dramatic narrative and earning them another Academy Award nomination. It wasn't all success, though. Lucky Night (1939) starring Myrna Loy and Robert Taylor was a turkey, and while Taurog shot test scenes for 1939's cinematic extravaganza The Wizard of Oz, Victor Fleming was chosen to direct. Taurog was reassigned to work on The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, a change which they had little to no say in. However, Taurog went on to earn a Best Director nomination for Boys Town later that year, despite losing out on directing Oz. They did, however, helm the last of MGM's big pre-war musical showcases, 1940's Broadway Melody, starring Fred Astaire and Eleanor Powell. They expanded their range into biographies, working with Mickey Rooney again, in the well-received Young Tom Edison (1940). They directed Judy Garland three times in the early 1940s, in Little Nellie Kelly (1940), the 'small-town-girl-gets-big-break' Presenting Lily Mars (1943), and the Gershwin musical Girl Crazy (1943).
After directing re-takes for a wartime propaganda film, Rationing (1944), Taurog entered new territory with a docudrama of the atom bomb, The Beginning or the End (1947). It was back to their metier of light comedy for their next couple of outings, The Bride Goes Wild with Van Johnson and June Allyson, and Big City, both in 1948. Remarkably, they also directed a third film that year combining the genres of comedy, drama and biography and dealing with an all-star cast; Words and Music was a fictionalized biopic of the relationship between Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart. It starred, among others, Judy Garland, Gene Kelly, Mickey Rooney and Cyd Charisse. By now, Taurog had established a reputation as a director who was comfortable working in the musical and comedy genre, and who could be relied upon to work with slight material—qualities which would be useful later in their career.
Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis had been a double-act since 1946 and had made five films together, three Martin and Lewis top-liners, before Taurog directed Jumping Jacks (1952), regarded by many Martin and Lewis fans as the finest of their films. Taurog worked well with the duo and they went on to direct them in The Stooge (1953), The Caddy (1954), Living It Up (1955), You're Never Too Young (1954), and their penultimate film together, Pardners (1956). Taurog worked with Lewis alone twice more, in Don't Give Up the Ship (1959) and Visit to a Small Planet (1960).
In 1960, Taurog directed their first Elvis Presley film, G.I. Blues. This was a turning point for Elvis. Up until then, they had harbored ambitions of being a James Dean figure, playing brooding rebel roles in Loving You (1957), Jailhouse Rock (1957), and King Creole (1958). However, Colonel Tom Parker had different plans for the singer. G.I. Blues was Elvis's first film in two years, following their return from the army, and would set the tone for future films—a few girls, a few adventures, and a few songs along the way with weak plots and uninspired acting. When well-made, this was an entertaining, light-hearted formula and Taurog, now in their sixties, was an old hand at it. So impressed was Parker with their work that over the next eight years, Taurog directed Elvis in eight more films: Blue Hawaii (1961), Girls! Girls! Girls! (1962), It Happened at the World's Fair (1963), Tickle Me (1965), Spinout (1966), Double Trouble (1967), Speedway (1968), and Live a Little, Love a Little (1968). Although some were better than others—and some were almost identical—Taurog ensured that the films had pace, the comedy was delivered well, and the songs were well executed. Live a Little, Love a Little was their last film.
Later years
In 1968, Taurog retired from directing. They later taught at the University of Southern California School of Cinema and remained a board member of the Directors' Guild of America. They owned a camera shop in Canoga Park, California.
Toward the end of their life, they became blind. In their last years, they served as director of the Braille Institute in Los Angeles.
Taurog died on April 7, 1981, in Palm Desert, California, at the age of 82. Their ashes were scattered into the Pacific Ocean.
Taurog has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1600 Vine Street for their contribution to the motion picture industry.
Taurog supported Barry Goldwater in the 1964 United States presidential election.
Awards and nominations
1931 Academy Award for Best Director (Skippy)
1938 Venice Film Festival Mussolini Cup for Best Film (The Adventures of Tom Sawyer)
1939 Academy Award Nomination for Best Director (Boys Town)
1960 Star on the Walk of Fame for Motion Pictures, dedicated on February 8, 1960, at 1600 Vine Street
1966 Laurel Award Nomination for Director, fourth place
1967 Laurel Award Nomination for Director, fifth place
1968 Laurel Award Nomination for Director, eighth place
Filmography
From 1920 to 1968, Taurog directed 180 films. The following is a partial list of their feature films.
1920s
The Fly Cop (1920) with Larry Semon
Lucky Boy (1929)
1930s
Troopers Three (1930)
Sunny Skies (1930) with Benny Rubin and Rex Lease
Skippy (1931) with Jackie Cooper
Newly Rich (1931) with Mitzi Green
Huckleberry Finn (1931) with Jackie Coogan
Sooky (1931) with Jackie Cooper and Robert Coogan
The Phantom President (1932) with George M. Cohan, Claudette Colbert and Jimmy Durante
A Bedtime Story (1933) with Maurice Chevalier
We're Not Dressing (1934) with Bing Crosby, Carole Lombard, and George Burns
The Big Broadcast of 1936 (1935) with Bing Crosby, Ethel Merman, Dorothy Dandridge and Glenn Miller
Rhythm on the Range (1936) with Bing Crosby and Frances Farmer
Mad About Music (1938) with Deanna Durbin and Herbert Marshall
The Girl Downstairs (1938) with Franciska Gaal and Franchot Tone
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1938) with Tommy Kelly and Jackie Moran
Boys Town (1938) with Spencer Tracy and Mickey Rooney
1940s
Young Tom Edison (1940)
Broadway Melody of 1940 (1940) with Fred Astaire and Eleanor Powell
Little Nellie Kelly (1940) with Judy Garland
Men of Boys Town (1941) with Spencer Tracy and Mickey Rooney
Design for Scandal (1941) with Rosalind Russell and Walter Pidgeon
A Yank at Eton (1942) with Mickey Rooney
Presenting Lily Mars (1943) with Judy Garland and Van Heflin
Girl Crazy (1943) with Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland
The Canterville Ghost (1944) co-directed (uncredited) with Jules Dassin
The Beginning or the End (1947) with Brian Donlevy
The Bride Goes Wild (1948) with Van Johnson and June Allyson
Big City (1948) with Margaret O'Brien
Words and Music (1948) with June Allyson, Perry Como, Judy Garland, Gene Kelly, Mickey Rooney and Cyd Charisse
1950s
Please Believe Me (1950) with Deborah Kerr, Robert Walker and Peter Lawford
The Toast of New Orleans (1950) with Kathryn Grayson, Mario Lanza and David Niven
Room for One More (1952) with Cary Grant
Jumping Jacks (1952) with Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis
The Stooge (1953) with Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis
The Caddy (1953) with Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis and Donna Reed
Light's Diamond Jubilee (1954, TV special with 6 other directors)
Living It Up (1954) with Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis and Janet Leigh
You're Never Too Young (1955) with Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis
Pardners (1956) with Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis
The Birds and the Bees (1956) with George Gobel, Mitzi Gaynor and David Niven
The Fuzzy Pink Nightgown (1957) with Jane Russell
Don't Give Up the Ship (1959) with Jerry Lewis
1960s
Visit to a Small Planet (1960) with Jerry Lewis
G.I. Blues (1960) with Elvis Presley and Juliet Prowse
All Hands on Deck (1961) with Pat Boone
Blue Hawaii (1961) with Elvis Presley, Joan Blackman and Angela Lansbury
Girls! Girls! Girls! (1962) with Elvis Presley and Stella Stevens
Palm Springs Weekend (1963) with Troy Donahue and Connie Stevens
It Happened at the World's Fair (1963) with Elvis Presley and Gary Lockwood
Tickle Me (1965) with Elvis Presley and Jocelyn Lane
Sergeant Deadhead (1965) with Frankie Avalon
Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine (1965) with Vincent Price
Spinout (1966) with Elvis Presley and Shelley Fabares
Double Trouble (1967) with Elvis Presley
Speedway (1968) with Elvis Presley, Nancy Sinatra and Bill Bixby
Live a Little, Love a Little'' (1968) with Elvis Presley, Michele Carey and Dick Sargent
See also
List of oldest and youngest Academy Award winners and nominees
References
External links
1899 births
1981 deaths
Film directors from Illinois
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American male screenwriters
Jewish American writers
Writers from Chicago
Best Directing Academy Award winners
USC School of Cinematic Arts faculty
Blind people from the United States
Screenwriters from California
Screenwriters from Illinois
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
20th-century American Jews
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards#U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
The Alfabeto Unificado para a Escrita do Caboverdiano (Unified Alphabet for Cape Verdean Writing), commonly known as ALUPEC, is the alphabet that was officially recognized by the Cape Verdean government to write Cape Verdean Creole.
Description
The ALUPEC is a phonetic writing system based on the Latin script and states only which letters should be used to represent each sound. The system does not establish rules for spelling (orthography). For that reason, Cape Verdean creole writing is not standardized; the same word or the same sentence may appear written in different ways. Cape Verdeans write idiosyncratically — that is, each person writes in their or their own dialect, sociolect, and idiolect.
The descriptive texts concerning the ALUPEC claim that it is "a system composed by 23 letters and four digraphs". What those texts do not specify is that the ALUPEC also includes the letter Y and the digraph RR.
Older documents, such as the 1994 Proposed Criteria of the Unified Alphabet for the Cape Verdean Writing System, showed the following order:
A B S D E F G H I J DJ L LH M N NH N̈ O P K R T U V X TX Z
Later documents (after 1998) show the following order:
A B D DJ E F G H I J K L LH M N NH N̈ O P R S T TX U V X Z
The ALUPEC comes close to a perfect phonetic system in that almost every letter represents only one sound and almost every sound is represented by only one letter. The vowels may have a graphic accent, but the system does not consider letters with accents as separate letters.
Additional notes:
The letter y is used only to represent the copulative conjunction (corresponding to "e" in Portuguese, which means and), in the same fashion as in Spanish.
The letter r has the sound only in the beginning of the words.
The letter n in the end of the syllables is not pronounced, it only indicates the nasality of the preceding vowel.
The personal pronoun that represents the subject form of the first person of the singular (English “I”) is always written with the capital letter N, whatever the pronunciation, whatever the Creole variant.
The graphic accents are used to indicate the stressed syllable in proparoxytone words, and to indicate the stressed syllable in oxytone words that do not end in a consonant; the acute accent is also used in paroxytone words when the stressed syllable has the sounds or .
When writing Santo Antão Creole and São Vicente Creole, the letter s can be pronounced as , , and , depending on context. This mostly corresponds to the (European) Portuguese s, except, as noted, the intervocalic s (pronounced in Portuguese). See Portuguese phonology.
When writing Barlavento Creoles, the letter e is written in the place of vowels that would exist in equivalent Sotavento words. If this written vowel was simply omitted, syllables could be left without vowels, or consonants left at the end of a word, in ways deemed improper. For example:
is written debóxe, not dbóx (compare Sotavento dibaxu)
is written amedjeres, not amdjers (Sotavento mudjeris)This is a contradiction within the ALUPEC, which intends to be a phonetic system in that every letter should represent only one sound and every sound should be represented by only one letter. Some words in Barlavento Creoles will have, therefore, a dubious representation, with the pronunciation to be deduced by context. Examples:
History
The ALUPEC emerged in 1994, from the alphabet proposed by the Colóquio Linguístico de Mindelo, in 1979.
On 20 July 1998, the ALUPEC was approved by the Conselho de Ministros de Cabo Verde, for a five-year trial period. According to the same council, the ALUPEC would "take into account the diversity of the Cape Verdean Language in all the islands, and only after that trial period its introduction in schools would be considered".
In 2005, the ALUPEC was recognized by the Cape Verdean government as a viable system for writing the Cape Verdean Creole, becoming the first (and, ) only alphabet to attain such status. Nevertheless, the same law allows the usage of alternative writing models, "as long they are presented in a systematized and scientific way".
In 2009, Decree-Law No. 8/2009 officially institutionalized the use of the ALUPEC.
In spite of having been officially recognized by the Government, the usage of ALUPEC is neither official nor mandatory.
References
External links
Capeverdean Alphabet (ALUPEC) (Alfabetu Kabuverdianu)
Proposed Criteria of the Unified Alphabet for the Cape Verdean Writing System
Na diféza di un skrita pa kriolu di Kabu Verdi (in Creole)
Pa Nu Skrebe Na Skola (in Portuguese)
Orthographic guidelines for writing São Vicentean Kriol — a proposal for São Vicente Creole writing
Latin alphabets
Cape Verdean Creole
Full Force is an American music group of hip hop and R&B singers and producers from Brooklyn, New York.
Members
B-Fine (Brian George) - drums and drum programming, backing vocals
Shy Shy (Hugh Junior Clark) - bass guitar, backing vocals
Paul Anthony (Paul Anthony George) - vocals
Bow-Legged Lou (Lucien George Jr.) - vocals
Curt-T-T (Curt Bedeau) - guitar, backing vocals
Baby Gee (Gerry Charles) - keyboards, synthesizers, backing vocals.
History
Production and songwriting
The group produced and wrote music for numerous artists including UTFO, Doctor Ice, Samantha Fox, Patti LaBelle, The Force M.D.s, Britney Spears, James Brown, Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam, Backstreet Boys, 'N Sync, Cheryl Pepsii Riley, Selena and Lil' Kim.
Full Force's breakthrough hit was UTFO's "Roxanne, Roxanne" (1984), a record that led to several answer records, most notably one by Roxanne Shanté. Through the 80s the group produced a string of major hits for Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam, including "I Wonder If I Take You Home", "All Cried Out" and "Head to Toe". They also scored hits for Samantha Fox, including "Naughty Girls (Need Love Too)" and "I Wanna Have Some Fun" and R&B singer Cheryl Pepsii Riley including US R&B number one "Thanks for My Child". Their 1988 single "I'm Real" for James Brown gave the legendary singer their biggest hit for 14 years, peaking at US R&B number two.
Additionally, the group wrote and produced most of the singles from La Toya Jackson's fifth studio album La Toya, including "You're Gonna Get Rocked!" and "You Blew," as well as Patti LaBelle's track "I Got It Like That", for which they also provided prominent background vocals from their 1989 album Be Yourself. Full Force also provided backing vocals on two Bob Dylan songs recorded during sessions for Infidels: "Death Is Not the End" (released on Down in the Groove (1988) and "Tell Me" (released on The Bootleg Series Volumes 1-3 (Rare & Unreleased) 1961-1991).
Full Force's biggest hit from the 1990s was the Backstreet Boys' 1998 US top 5/UK number 2 hit single "All I Have to Give". Full Force also worked with Prince's ex-wife Mayté on their 1995 album Child of the Sun, however the tracks remain unreleased.
Full Force also contributed to the production on Blaque's 2002 unreleased album, Blaque Out and Lil' Kim's 2003 release, La Bella Mafia, on their song "Can't Fuck with Queen Bee." The group produced Rihanna's "That La, La, La," which appears on their 2005 debut album Music of the Sun. The Black Eyed Peas' 2005 worldwide hit "Don't Phunk with My Heart" was also written as a collaboration between Full Force and will.i.am of the Peas.
Recording
In addition to their production résumé, the group have also released their own albums and music. Their 1985 single "Alice, I Want You Just for Me!" became a Top 10 hit in the UK in January 1986. They placed several hit singles under their own name on the US Billboard R&B chart during the latter half of the 1980s. Tracks such as "Unselfish Lover" (from their self-titled debut) and "Temporary Love Thing" (from their follow-up album, Full Force Get Busy 1 Time!) received substantial airplay. "All in My Mind" became the group's first and only single to date to reach the R&B Top Ten in 1988.
In 2001 Thump Records, a label known for its freestyle compilations, released the group's first greatest hits compilation Ahead of Their Time! Full Force's Greatest Hits. In 2007, on its Columbia release Legendary, the group has a song dedicated to Oprah Winfrey titled "We're Feeling You, Oprah." It was inspired by the related members' mother's love for Winfrey.
Acting
They appeared in the 1990 comedy film House Party and its first sequel as the bullies of Kid 'n Play. (Although not included on House Party'''s official soundtrack album, Full Force's "Ain't My Type of Hype" was used in the film's dance-battle scene.) Bowlegged Lou also acted in Who's the Man? (1993) and played Lord Primus in the 2013 sci-fi TV series Body Jumpers.
Discography
Albums
Singles
As Producers
Filmography
1985: Krush Groove 1990: House Party 1991: House Party 2 1993: Who's the Man''
References
External links
Official Fullforce Site
Official Fansite
Full Force Discography at Discogs.
African-American record producers
American hip hop record producers
American contemporary R&B musical groups
Capitol Records artists
Columbia Records artists
New jack swing music groups
Record production teams
Songwriters from New York (state)
TVT Records artists
Musical groups from Brooklyn
1976 establishments in New York City
Valerian Kuybyshev class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It got name after the first ship of class Valerian Kuybyshev.
Four-deck cruise ships manufactured in Komárno, Czechoslovakia, 1976–1983.
River cruise ships of the project 92-016/OL400
Overview
See also
List of river cruise ships
Rossiya-class motorship (1952)
Rossiya-class motorship (1973)
Dmitriy Furmanov-class motorship
Baykal-class motorship
Anton Chekhov-class motorship
Sergey Yesenin-class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya-class motorship
Ukraina-class motorship
Dunay-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Vladimir Ilyich-class motorship
Maksim Gorkiy-class motorship
References
External links
Проект 92-016, тип Валериан Куйбышев
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Passenger ships of the Soviet Union
Czechoslovakia–Soviet Union relations
Vasily Nikolayevich Fedotov (; 22 December 1915 – 9 January 1997) was a major general of the Soviet Army, who was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union for their actions in battle in the Second World War while they were a Lieutenant Colonel.
Biography
Vasily Fedotov was born on 22 December 1915 in Kamen, Tomsk Governorate to a working-class Russian family. After finishing seven grades of school they worked as a driver. In 1935, Fedotov was drafted into the Red Army. In 1938, they graduated from the Omsk Infantry School, after which they fought in the Winter War and was wounded. Immediately after the German invasion of the Soviet Union, in July 1941, they were sent into combat in the Second World War. In 1942, Fedotov graduated from a course for regimental commanders.
By September 1943, Fedotov, then a Lieutenant Colonel, commanded the 569th Rifle Regiment of the 161st Rifle Division in the 40th Army on the Voronezh Front. During the Battle of the Dnieper on 23 September 1943, Fedotov's regiment moved across the Dnieper in the area of the village of Zarubintsy, Kaniv Raion (currently Cherkasy Raion) of Cherkasy Oblast of the Ukrainian SSR, they seized a bridgehead on the west bank and repelled four German counterattacks. During the attack from the bridgehead the next day, Fedotov's regiment moved forward and expelled German forces from the village of Trakhtemyriv. They were wounded twice, but remained on active duty.
By the Decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR on 23 October 1943 they were awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union for "courage, and heroism shown in the fight against the German invaders".
Later in the war, they were seriously wounded and did not return to the front. After the end of the war they served in various military schools. In 1952, they graduated from the Frunze Military Academy, and from 1953 to 1960 they commanded the Lviv Military School; 1960 to 1965 the Baku Higher Military Command School; and from 1965 to 1973 the Moscow Suvorov Military School.
In 1973 they retired with the rank of major general and lived in Moscow until they died on 9 January 1997; their ashes were placed in the columbarium of the Donskoye Cemetery in Moscow.
Fedotov was an honorary citizen of Ivano-Frankivsk.
References
1915 births
1997 deaths
Soviet major generals
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
People from Kamen-na-Obi
People from Tomsk Governorate
Kundang or Pengkalan Kundang refers to an area in Selangor, Malaysia. It is located approximately 17 km from Rawang, Selangor and 33 km north-west of Kuala Lumpur. Kundang is used to be agricultural village. But now, it is one of the modern villages in the state with its own highway, LATAR. It comes under the Gombak District, one of the biggest districts in the state of Selangor. Bandar Tasik Puteri, Pekan Kundang, Bandar Rawang is the nearest town from the village. Farming and related activities constitute the core economic drivers of this pastoral village. It comes under Selayang Parliament constituency, and falls into the jurisdiction of Majlis Perbandaran Selayang (MPS).
Origin of name
The Kundang name origin comes from Sungai Kundang (Kundang River). Kundang is the Malay name for Bouea macrophylla, also known as Gandaria or Plum Mango. It originates from Malaysia and Indonesia, and this fruit have economical value in countries such as Thailand and Myanmar. Not a long time ago, the Kundang fruit have been portrayed to be a theme in Malaysia stamps collection. Its mango alike fruit, but smaller than a mango, and it has a slight sour taste from its relative. This place is called Kundang because of its connection with the Kundang tree. But Kundang trees is not visible anymore here after some hundred years passed. Many of Kundang residents did not know how a Kundang tree looks like.
History
The opening of Kundang is strongly related to tin ore. At the end of the 19th century, tin ore was found in the Kundang River. This discovery attracts many Chinese immigrants to the place and the Kundang settlement was established. The Kanching territory which is in the Rawang district, have started tin mining operations in the 1840s is one of the oldest tin mining area in Selangor. After that, areas around Rawang town like Kundang and Kuang have initially started tin mining activities respectively. New settlements are also established due to tin mining. Some people said that if there is tin ore, there is Hakka people. Ka Yin and Kochow Association in Kundang proved that these two clans is the earliest Chinese immigrants settled there. Aside of the Ka Yin clan who forms the majority of residents in Kundang, another bigger clans comes from the Hui Zhou, while the minority is from the Po clan. To boost the industry of tin mining, British colonizers had developed the railway system.
In 1915, the first railway track that connects Kundang and Kuang together with Batu Arang was built. Kundang also had a railway station due to this railway construction. After the decline of tin mining, the railway system also ceased its operation. The Kundang railway station was demolished in 1970. Abandoned railway tracks has become a proof to the history. The Kundang Tin company is the largest British-owned mining company in Kundang at the beginning of the 20th century. In the year of 1924, Kuala Lumpur Rubber company also started tin mining operations in Kundang. The company name soon changed to Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad. Meanwhile, Lee Li Sheng and Lee Jiu Ru, the Chinese tin tycoon from the Ka Yin descendant, who is one of the tin mining operators in Kundang. They had built the Gen Yen school in 1934 to appreciate the contribution of tin mining workers from the Hakka descendants in Kundang. In circa 1920, British had encouraged the residents to plant rubber in mass scale. The residents have been awarded land plots to plant rubber. Kundang Estate was the biggest rubber plantation estate in Kundang in that time (the area beside the Kundang Industrial Area). In the Japanese occupation from 1942 to 1945, Kundang paralyses due to war. This place was also one of the MPAJA headquarters.
This chaotic atmosphere strikes back in 1948. To break the help from being received by the MCP, British had gathered all residents who live scattered outside the Kundang area and effectively established the Kundang New Village. The Kundang Old Town is a part of Kundang New Village. A row of old shoplots that still standing until today differentiates them with the new town. According to oral stories, there is a hundred year old well in Kundang Old Town. But due to low pressure water, water rationing is always carried out in Kundang. Therefore, many of Kundang residents still using this well until today. The Kundang New Village has 200 families with approximately 1500 people when it was first established. After 30 years, the differences of total residents is not really significant. The total residents in 1954 is 1525 people and 1565 in 1970. This reflects migration of residents. But now the condition is far better, with the 5800 increase in 1995.
The village estimated to have 7000 residents before the 1980s, when the decline of tin mining and rubber made Kundang became deserted again. To find new sources of living, residents had started to plant papaya in land plots, hundreds of acres at the Kundang New Village border. In short time, hundreds of lands turned into papaya plantations. In that time, Kundang New Village is called 'Selangor's Papaya Village'. This good condition did not last long. One of the reason is, the type of papaya planted there is from ordinary genes. It makes the selling prices low. Added with the price application by middleman makes this papaya can be sold at 8 cents per catty (1 catty = 600 grams). One more problem is tree diseases. Residents started to leave papaya plantation sector slowly and gradually in the 1990s. Now the history of the papaya plantation on its heyday at Kundang New Village is just a memory.
Neighborhood
Traditionally, Kundang refers to a village here. However, recent years saw some variation of certain neighborhood around Kundang. Now, Kundang may refer to the places below:
Kampung Baru Kundang
Kampung Melayu Sri Kundang
Bandar Baru Kundang
Taman Kundang Jaya
Taman Desa Kundang
Taman Rahmat Jaya
Connectivity
Kundang is well-served by an excellent road network. This area is directly linked to Kuala Lumpur–Kuala Selangor Expressway (LATAR). The B149 Selangor State Road runs through this town, and connects with LATAR and B29 Kuang Road.
Recreation
Tasik Biru Kundang
This recreation lake is a haven to anglers especially who hunts for Toman fish (Ophicephalus micropeltes). The former Kundang Tin mine, encompassing of 80 acres of area is rich with this kind of fish. Some housing estate is also located here, such as Taman Tasik Biru (low cost and intermediate homes) and Laguna Biru (apartments). Homestays are available in Laguna Biru. People outside Kundang also have their weekend spend here. Some of Malay films and commercial adverts also being filmed here.
Kundang Lakes Country Club
Also formed from a reclaimed land from the tin mining activity, this basic 18-hole golf course may give some amateur golfers a new experience.
Notes and references
Villages in Selangor
This is a list of rock music genres consisting of subgenres of popular music that have roots in the 1940s and 1950s rock and roll, and which developed into a distinct identity as rock music in the 1960s, particularly in the United States and United Kingdom. By the late 1960s, a number of identifiable rock music subgenres had emerged, including hybrids like blues rock, folk rock, country rock, and jazz-rock fusion, many of which contributed to the development of psychedelic rock influenced by the counter-cultural psychedelic scene. New genres that emerged from this scene included progressive rock, which extended the artistic elements; glam rock, which highlighted showmanship and visual style; and the diverse and enduring major subgenre of heavy metal, which emphasized volume, power, and speed. In the second half of the 1970s, punk rock both intensified and reacted against some of these trends to produce a raw, energetic form of music characterized by overt political and social critiques. Punk was an influence into the 1980s on the subsequent development of other subgenres, including new wave, post-punk and eventually the alternative rock movement. From the 1990s alternative rock began to dominate rock music and break through into the mainstream in the form of grunge, Britpop, and indie rock. Further fusion subgenres have since emerged as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock's history.
A
Acid rock
Afro-punk
Afro rock
Alternative country rock
Alternative dance
Alternative metal
Alternative rock
Americana music
Anarcho-punk
Anti folk
Anatolian rock
Arena rock
Art punk
Art rock
Avant-garde metal
B
Baroque pop
Baggy
Bandana thrash
Beach music
Beat music
Bent edge
Biker metal
BisRock
Blackgaze
Blackened death metal
Blackened grindcore
Blackened screamo
Black metal
Black n' roll
Blues rock
Boogie rock
Brazilian thrash metal
British folk rock
Britpop
Britpop Revival
Bubblegum music
C
Canterbury sound
Cello rock and cello metal
Chillwave
Celtic punk
Celtic metal
Celtic rock
Chicano rock
Chamber pop
Christian alternative rock
Christian hardcore
Christian metal
Christian punk
Christian rock
Cock rock
Coldwave
College rock
Comedy rock
Country rock
Cowpunk
Crossover thrash
Crunkcore
Crust punk
Cybergrind
D
Dance-punk
Dance-rock
Dark cabaret
Darkwave
D-beat
Death 'n' roll
Deathcore
Death-doom
Deathgrind
Death metal
Deathrock
Desert blues
Digital hardcore
Djent
Dolewave
Doom metal
Dream pop
Drone metal
Dunedin sound
E
Electropunk
Electronicore
Electronic rock
Emo
Emo pop
Emo revival
Emo rap
Ethereal wave
Experimental rock
Extreme metal
F
Flamenco rock
Folk metal
Folk punk
Folk rock
Funk metal
Funk rock
G
Garage punk
Garage rock
Geek rock
Glam metal
Glam punk
Glam rock
Goregrind
Gothabilly
Gothic metal
Gothic rock
Grebo
Grindcore
Grindie
Groove metal
Group Sounds
Grunge
Gypsy punk
H
Hard rock
Hardcore punk
Heartland rock
Heavy hardcore
Heavy metal
Horror punk
I
Indie folk
Indie pop
Indie rock
Indietronica
Indorock
Industrial metal
Industrial rock
Instrumental rock
Italian occult psychedelia
J
Jazz rock
Jangle pop
Jersey Shore sound
K
Krautrock
Kawaii metal
L
Latin alternative
Latin metal
Latin rock
M
Madchester
Manila Sound
Mathcore
Math rock
Medieval folk rock
Medieval metal
Melodic death metal
Melodic hardcore
Melodic metalcore
Midwest emo
Metalcore
Metalstep
Mod revival
N
Nardcore
National Socialist Black Metal
Nedal
Neue Deutsche Härte
Neue Deutsche Todeskunst
Neue Deutsche Welle
Neoclassical dark wave
Neoclassical metal
Neon pop
Neo-progressive rock
Neo-psychedelia
New rave
New wave
New wave of new wave
New Weird America
Nintendocore
Noise pop
Noise rock
No wave
Nu gaze
Nu metal
Nu metalcore
O
Occult rock
Oi!
Ostrock
Ostmetal
Outlaw Country
P
Pagan metal
Pagan rock
Paisley Underground
Peace punk
Pinoy rock
Pirate metal
Pop punk
Pop rock
Pornogrind
Post-britpop
Post-grunge
Post-hardcore
Post-metal
Post-punk
Post-punk revival
Post-rock
Power ballad
Power pop
Power metal
Powerviolence
Progressive metal
Progressive metalcore
Progressive pop
Progressive rock
Progressive soul
Protopunk
Psychedelic funk
Psychedelic pop
Psychedelic rock
Psychedelic soul
Psychobilly
Pub rock (Australia)
Pub rock (United Kingdom)
Punk blues
Punk jazz
Punk rap
Punk pathetique
Punk rock
Q
Queercore
R
Raga rock
Rapcore
Rap metal
Rap rock
Reggae rock
Red dirt
Riot grrrl
Rock Against Communism
Rock and roll
Rockabilly
Rock in Opposition
Roots rock
S
Sadcore
Samba rock
Screamo
Shaman punk
Shoegaze
Shock rock
SID metal
Ska punk
Skate punk
Slacker rock
Slowcore
Sludge metal
Soft rock
Southern rock
Space rock
Speed metal
Steampunk
Straight edge
Stoner rock
Street punk
Sufi rock
Sunshine pop
Surf music
Swamp pop
Swamp rock
Swedish death metal
Symphonic black metal
Symphonic metal
Synth-metal
Synth-punk
T
Taqwacore
Technical death metal
Teutonic thrash metal
Thrashcore
Thrash metal
Trall punk
Trap metal
Trønder rock
Tropical rock
Tulsa Sound
2 Tone
U
UK 82
Unblack metal
V
Viking metal
Viking rock
Visual kei
W
Wagnerian rock
War metal
Wizard rock
Wonky pop
Y
Yacht rock
Youth crew
Z
Zeuhl
See also
Electronics in rock music
Heavy metal genres
Rock festival
List of popular music genres
List of subcultures
References
rock music
Rock music lists
Coub is a video streaming platform available on the web, iOS and Android. It allows users to create and share looped audio-visual collages up to ten seconds long, using existing video clips from YouTube, Vimeo, and other popular video sharing websites, or their own files. Founded in 2012 by brothers Anton and Igor Gladkoborodov, the company started in Moscow, Russia. The company announced its plans to open the office in the United States in July 2013, subsequently based in New York City. On January 1, 2020, the company's founder Anton Gladkoborodov left the company, and CMTT, the Russian internet publishing house that used to be one of the platform's minority stakeholders, took over the project. Since April 2022, Coub has been operated by a "private tech company headquartered in Switzerland".
History
Coub was founded in 2012 by Anton and Igor Gladkoborodov and developer Mikhail Tabunov. The name "Coub" comes from Cobb, the protagonist of the film Inception. In June 2013, Coub raised $1 million in additional funding from venture capital firms Brothers Ventures and Phenomen Ventures, and announced plans to open a U.S. office. The iOS app was launched in December 2013 and included the ability to record and upload a "coub" directly from an iPhone camera, as well as filters similar to those on Instagram. As of April 2014, over 400,000 videos, or "coubs" have been created. In July 2014 Coub raised $2.5 million from Vaizra Investments, a fund founded by Lev Leviev and Vyacheslav Mirilashvili, the founders of VK.com, Russia's major Facebook competitor.
In January 2020, the company co-founder Anton Gladkoborodov left, with the sole ownership and operational control over Coub.com turned over to a Russian publishing house “Comitet” that manages media portals , , and .
It was announced on March 15th, 2022, that as of April 1st, 2022, Coub would cease operation. Despite the initial announcement, the banner with the message was subsequently removed and the website remains operational past April 1st. On April 5th a new banner appeared saying "Coub will keep living and evolving with the new team. Stay tuned". On April 18, Coub's newly launched official Telegram channel announced that the company's new owners are a "private tech company headquartered in Switzerland".
Function
Using Coub's web-based editor, users can extract a snippet up to 10 seconds long from a video already hosted on popular videohosting websites, such as YouTube, Vimeo, Twitch, and Instagram, or one that they've uploaded, and add a full-length audio track to play along with the clip.. The video can be set to reverse, looped, or mixed with random reactions. Several recognized animators and contemporary artists, such as Sholim and Simon Stålenhag, had pioneered "coubs" as a new media format.
"Coubs" can be shared on social media and embedded via embed.ly.
As of November 2018, Coub had reached over 1 billion views per month.
References
External links
Official website coub.com
English-language websites
Video hosting
Internet properties established in 2012
Russian entertainment websites
Rick Sinnott is a former Anchorage-area biologist for the Alaska Department of Fish and Game. They retired on June 30, 2010, after 30 years of service. Their professional expertise and involvement in wildlife management issues made Sinnott a frequently-consulted source by the Anchorage-area media, becoming a minor local celebrity in the process.  They are also known for their outspokenness on wildlife issues mainly, the interactions between Anchorage residents and urban wildlife. Since their retirement, Sinnott has been a regular contributor to the Anchorage Daily News.
References
Further reading
Alaska Dispatch
21st-century American biologists
Living people
People from Anchorage, Alaska
Year of birth missing (living people)
The York News-Times is a daily newspaper published in York, Nebraska. It is the newspaper of record for York County and surrounding counties in the Rainwater Basin region.
Part of Berkshire Hathaway's BH Media Group, the News-Times is published five mornings per week, with Sunday and Monday off. It has an estimated circulation between 3,477 and 4,349. In March 2016, Carrie Colburn was named publisher.
History
In the late 1800s, York fielded a number of newspapers. On January 1, 1883, the York Democrat was created from a previous paper known as the York Tribune, established in 1872. The York Republican was another newspaper that flourished during this time period and was notable for its large circulation. By the early 1900s, a series of mergers resulted in the York News-Times becoming the last surviving newspaper from the local media boom period.
In 1995, the newspaper's longtime owner, Stauffer Communications, was sold to Morris Communications. In 2007, Morris sold the News-Times and several other newspapers to GateHouse Media. The News-Times and its nearby sister paper, The Grand Island Independent, were sold to the Omaha World-Herald in 2008; the World-Herald and its subsidiary papers were purchased by Berkshire Hathaway in 2011.
Modern era
Although print circulation is still below 3,500, the combination of print and digital readership means the News-Times is currently experiencing the most readership in its history. Its website has won the Nebraska Press Association award for "Best Newspaper Website" five times.
In the concern over fake news websites stemming from the 2016 United States presidential election, the York News-Times was sometimes mistakenly cited as a "fake newspaper," largely due to its name being similar to that of the well-known New York Times.
Among the journalists who have worked at the paper is Pulitzer Prize-winner Jeff Zeleny.
References
External links
York News-Times official website
Newspapers published in Nebraska
York County, Nebraska
Lee Enterprises publications
Lieutenant General Gwendolyn Bingham (born 1959) is a retired officer of the United States Army who served as the Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management from 2016 to 2019. Bingham previously served as the Commander of the TACOM Life Cycle Management Command headquartered at the Detroit Arsenal in Warren, Michigan, and as the Commanding General, White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico. They were the 51st Quartermaster General of the United States Army and Commandant of the United States Army Quartermaster School at Fort Lee, Virginia – the first female officer to hold these positions.
In March 2020, Bingham was elected to the Owens & Minor, Inc. Board of Directors.
Education
Gwen Bingham is a native of Troy, Alabama. They graduated from the University of Alabama with a Bachelor of Science degree in general business management. They were commissioned a second lieutenant in the Quartermaster Corps as a distinguished military graduate of Army ROTC. They have a Master of Science in Administration from Central Michigan University and a Master of Science in national security strategy and resources from the National Defense University.
Bingham's military schooling includes the Quartermaster Officer Basic and Advanced Courses; the Personnel Management Course; Combined Arms and Services Staff School; Commissary Management Course; Army Command and General Staff College; the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, and the Army Inspector General Course.
Military career
Bingham has served in a myriad of staff and leadership positions throughout their career to include: Platoon Leader and Executive Officer, HQ&A Company, 9th Supply and Transport Battalion, 9th DISCOM, Fort Lewis, Washington; Battalion S1, 2d Forward Support Battalion, 9th DISCOM, Fort Lewis, Washington; Field Services Officer, 1st COSCOM, Fort Bragg, North Carolina; Group S1/Adjutant, 507th Transportation Group, 1st COSCOM, Fort Bragg, North Carolina; OIC, Commissary Central Distribution Center, Defense Commissary Agency (DeCA), Manheim, Germany; Chief, Aviation Supply Branch, 4th Corps Material Management Center, Fort Hood, Texas; Battalion S3 and Battalion Executive Officer, 4th Corps Material Management Center, Fort Hood, Texas; Chief, Plans Division, ACofS, Material, 13th COSCOM, Fort Hood, Texas.
Chief, G3 Plans Division, 13th COSCOM; Deputy Commander, 64th Corps Support Group, 13th COSCOM, Fort Hood, Texas; Executive Officer, ACofS, J1, USFK, Yongsan, Korea; Commander, 266th Quartermaster Battalion, 23d Quartermaster Brigade, Fort Lee, Virginia; Chief, Support Services Office and Deputy Inspector General, Joint Staff, The Pentagon; Commander, United States Army Garrison, Fort Lee, Virginia and Chief of Staff, United States Army Combined Arms Support Command and Sustainment Center of Excellence, Fort Lee, Virginia; Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom as Special Assistant to the Commanding General, 1st Theater Sustainment Command, Camp Arifjan, Kuwait; Kabul, Afghanistan and Kandahar, Afghanistan; Commander, White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico.
Bingham was nominated for promotion to brigadier general on August 27, 2010, and received that rank on April 22, 2011. The President sent their nomination for promotion to major general to Congress on March 20, 2013.
On June 25, 2014, Bingham became the first female commander of the United States Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (TACOM LCMC). Bingham retired in 2019.
Awards and decorations
Bingham was awarded the Distinguished Order of Saint Martin in 2002, and was a woman in Defense Michigan 2014 Excellence in Leadership Award Nominee.
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Troy, Alabama
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Quartermasters General of the United States Army
University of Alabama alumni
Central Michigan University alumni
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Female generals of the United States Army
African-American female military personnel
Military personnel from Alabama
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
African-American United States Army personnel
The Persian nuthatch or the eastern rock-nuthatch (Sitta tephronota) is a species of bird in the family Sittidae. It is found in Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, India, Iran, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkey, and Turkmenistan.
References
eastern rock-nuthatch
Birds of Central Asia
Birds of Western Asia
eastern rock-nuthatch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fort Reliance is the site of a Hudson's Bay Company fort located on the east arm of Great Slave Lake, Northwest Territories, Canada.
History
Fort Reliance was originally built in 1833 by George Back during the Arctic Land Expedition to the Arctic Ocean via the Back River. The expedition, partly scientific and partly searching for the missing John Ross, used Fort Reliance as a winter camp.
Back's fort was made up of a main house with several smaller ones that were constructed from logs. The houses had stone and clay chimneys for heating. The outline of the logs along with the chimneys and some storage pits still exist.
In 1855, the Hudson's Bay Company's Chief Factor James Anderson, for whom the Anderson River is named, rebuilt the fort. It was intended to be used as winter quarters while searching for the lost expedition of John Franklin, but it was again abandoned after one season.
It was not a fur trading outpost although the site was later used by trappers in the Thelon River area. In 1897, a log cabin, using one of the chimneys, was built by an American trapper, Buffalo Jones.
Fort Reliance was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1953. It is described by Parks Canada as the "oldest continuously operating Hudson's Bay Company post, 1833". Together with the Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre, Parks Canada is working to preserve and protect the site, which has resulted in the chimneys being rehabilitated.
Climate
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Reliance had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, no change from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
References
External links
Narrative of the Arctic land expedition to the mouth of the Great Fish River, and along the shores of the Arctic Ocean in the years 1833, 1834, and 1835, complete text of the book by George Back at the Internet Archive.
Forts in the Northwest Territories
Heritage sites in the Northwest Territories
Hudson's Bay Company forts
Buildings and structures in the Northwest Territories
Ghost towns in the Northwest Territories
National Historic Sites in the Northwest Territories
1833 establishments in Canada
is a railway station in the town of Ōwani, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Shukugawara Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 0.9 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
Shukugawara Station has one side platform serving single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Shukugawara Station was opened on January 26, 1952 with the opening of the Kōnan Railway. In January 2002, the station was relocated 200 meters towards Sabaishi Station.
Surrounding area
Aomori Prefectural Route 201
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Ōwani, Aomori
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
This is a timeline of incidents in 1986 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1986
1986
1986
Terr
Wood Green (Old Bescot) railway station was a railway station that opened on the Grand Junction Railway in 1837. It served the Wood Green area of Wednesbury and Walsall. It was located near to where junction 9 of the M6 motorway has been located since the late 1960s.
First station
It opened as Bescot Bridge on 4 July 1837, and was the Grand Junction Railway's main station for Walsall and Wednesbury being located between the two towns. The station was also known as Walsall station and this is how it was initially called in Bradshaw's guides. There is some confusion as to the station name and on what dates it changed. Neele (1904) recalls that it was originally Bescot Bridge, became Walsall and reverted to the original Bescot Bridge in 1847 when the South Staffordshire Railway opened the line between and .
The station was a second class station and therefore not all the trains stopped there, in 1837 there were two trains in each direction, by 1839 there were four trains in each direction that stopped.
Bescot Bridge station closed on 1 August 1850 when it was effectively replaced by .
The station was located approximately 9¼ miles from in a shallow cutting that was crossed by the Walsall to Wednesbury turnpike road, the station was slightly north of the boundary between the two towns. It would appear that Walsall provided the most passengers as a light van ran between the station and the town.
Second station
Wood Green (Old Bescot) station was opened by the London and North Western Railway on the same site on 1 February 1881.
The station had two platforms, one either side of the double running line, both platforms were access from the road overbridge, there were no goods facilities, the station only dealt with passengers and parcels.
The station closed on 5 May 1941. The line remains open.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
Disused railway stations in Walsall
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1837
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1941
The 2021–22 Bryant Bulldogs men's basketball team represented Bryant University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bulldogs, led by fourth-year head coach Jared Grasso, played their home games at the Chace Athletic Center in Smithfield, Rhode Island as members of the Northeast Conference. They finished the season 22–10, 16–2 in NEC play to win the regular season championship. They defeated Central Connecticut, Mount St. Mary's, and Wagner to win the NEC Tournament championship. As a result, the Bulldogs received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament, the school's first-ever trip to the tournament, where they lost to Wright State in the First Four.
Senior guard Peter Kiss led NCAA Division I in scoring with a 25.2 points per game average.
On March 29, 2022, the school announced that the season was the last season for the team in the NEC as they would join the America East Conference on July 1, 2022.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Bulldogs finished the 2020–21 season 15–7, 10–4 in NEC play to finish in second place. In the NEC Tournament, they defeated Sacred Heart in the semifinals before losing to Mount St. Mary's in the championship game. They received an invitation to the College Basketball Invitational, where they lost in the quarterfinals to Coastal Carolina.
Roster
Schedule and results
NEC COVID-19 policy provided that if a team could not play a conference game due to COVID-19 issues within its program, the game would be declared a forfeit and the other team would receive a conference win. However, wins related to COVID-19 do not count pursuant to NCAA policy.
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| NEC regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NEC Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA tournament
Sources
References
Bryant Bulldogs men's basketball seasons
Bryant
Bryant
Bryant
Bryant
Indian Institute of Technology Indore (IIT Indore) is an Institute of national importance located in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. IIT Indore was founded in the year 2009. It was one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) started by the government of India in the year 2009. IIT Indore is officially recognized as an Institute of National Importance by the Government of India.
History
Founded in 2009, it is one of the eight new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) established by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India under The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Act, 2011 which declares eight new IITs as well as the conversion of Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University as IIT. The Act was passed in the Lok Sabha on 24 March 2011 and by the Rajya Sabha on 30 April 2012.
Arjun Singh, the then HRD minister of India laid the foundation stone of IIT Indore on 17 February 2009 in its permanent campus located in Simrol, Indore, Madhya Pradesh. The institute worked from 2009 to 2010 in a temporary campus at Institute of Engineering and Technology of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya under mentorship of IIT Bombay with Dr. Pradeep Mathur as the founding director. The first batch of IIT Indore graduated in 2013, and the institute celebrated its first Convocation Day on 8 June 2013. Dr. Suhas Joshi, Professor of Mechanical Engineering and Dean of Alumni and Corporate relations at IIT Bombay has been appointed as the new director at IIT Indore who succeeds the officiating director, Dr. Neelesh Kumar Jain.
Campus
IIT Indore is located at Simrol, Khandwa Road. The campus sprawls across 501.42 acres. IIT Indore moved from the two rented campuses to its permanent campus in Simrol in October 2015.
Learning Resource Centre (LRC)
IIT Indore's central library, the Learning Resource Centre is equipped with Online Information Resources. The library provides its users access to nearly 3800 electronic journals as well as access to databases such as ACM Digital Library, IEEE XPlore digital iibrary, Science Direct, MathSciNet, JSTOR, SciFinder, Taylor and Francis, Wiley, and Springer. The library also provides air-conditioned and Wi-Fi enabled Reading Halls.
Halls of Residence
Most students at IIT Indore reside in the halls of residence. The campus has five halls of residence named A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Homi Jehangir Bhabha, Vikram Sarabhai, C.V. Raman, and Devi Ahilya. The Devi Ahilya Hall of Residence is exclusively for the accommodation of women. Students are provided 5 BHK units to accommodate 5 students with one student per bedroom.
Organisation and administration
Governance
IITs are administered centrally by the IITs' Council, an apex body established by the Government of India. The Minister of Human Resource & Development, Government of India, is the Chairman of the council. Each Institute has a Board of Governors responsible for its overall administration and control.
The senate, which consists of the heads, deans, and full professors of the institute, is the Apex Academic Body that decides the academic policies of the institute. It controls and approves the overall curriculum, courses, examinations, and results. It appoints committees to look into specific academic matters arising from time to time. The teaching, training, and research activities of various departments of the Institute are periodically reviewed to improve facilities and maintain standards. The Director of the institute is the ex-officio chairperson of senate.
Departments
IIT Indore has the following departments:
Astronomy, Astrophysics and Space Engineering (AASE)
Biosciences and Biomedical Engineering (BSBE)
Chemistry
Civil Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Humanities and Social Sciences
Mathematics
Mechanical Engineering
Metallurgy Engineering and Materials Science
Physics
Centers
IIT Indore has the following centers:
Centre for Advanced Electronics (CAE)
Computer and Information Technology Center (CITC)
Center of Futuristic Defense and Space Technology (CFDST)
Center for Indian Scientific Knowledge Systems (CISKS)
Center for Electric Vehicle and Intelligent Transport Systems (CEVITS)
Sophisticated Instrumentation Center (SIC)
Center of Innovation, Incubation, Entrepreneurship and Industry Relations (CIIEIR)
Centre for Rural Development and Technology (CRDT)
DST-FIST Center of Excellence in Gear Engineering
Sophisticated Instrument Centre (SIC)
Counselling Services
Training and Placement
Central Workshop
Technology Innovation Hubs
IITI DRISHTI CPS Foundation
DRISTI CPS (DRiving Innovation through Simulation Hub for Technologies in Interdisciplinary Cyber-Physical Systems) is a Technology Innovation Hub (TIH) at IIT Indore established under the National Mission on Interdisciplinary Cyber-Physical Systems (NM-ICPS). The goal of DRISHTI CPS is to develop an eco-system of research and development in the system simulation, modeling, and visualization of Cyber-Physical Systems through joint efforts of the industry and academia.
Academics
IIT Indore offers a four-year B.Tech programs in several engineering fields.
The postgraduate and graduate programs at IIT Indore includes Ph.D, M.Tech and M.S.(research) programs in engineering; Ph.D and M.Sc. programs in basic sciences and humanities. IIT Indore offers numerous scholarships for students under different qualification criteria.
Admissions
Students are admitted into the various B.Tech. programs through the Joint Entrance Examination – Advanced (JEE(Adv)), which is typically taken by engineering aspirants after completion of their 10+2 schooling. Admission to the M.Tech/MS/Ph.D programs is done through Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE), and the Joint Admission Test (JAM) is conducted for taking MSc students.
Rankings
IIT Indore was ranked 401-500 in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings of 2021, 78 in Asia and 79 among emerging economies. In India, it was ranked 10 among engineering colleges by the National Institutional Ranking Framework in 2020.
Research
The primary engineering research areas of IIT Indore are as follows:
Department of Computer Science and Engineering - Algorithms and Theoretical Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Software Engineering, Cybersecurity, Soft Computing, CAD-VLSI, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Vision, Embedded Systems, Internet of Things (IoT)
Department of Electrical Engineering - Semiconductor Devices Physics and Technology, Bio-medical Signal Processing, Organic electronic/photonic devices, VLSI, ULSI Circuit, and System Design, Power Electronics and Power Systems
Department of Mechanical Engineering - Additive Manufacturing, Mechatronics, Internal Combustion Engines, Thermal and Fluid Engineering, Computational Mechanics, Energy Storage, Surface Engineering, Vibration and Noise Control
Department of Civil Engineering - Structural Engineering, Geotechnical Engineering, Water Resource Engineering, Environmental Engineering, Glaciohydrology
Department of Metallurgy and Material Science - Smart Materials, Nano Materials, MEMS/NEMS, Computational Materials, and Condensed Matter Physics
IIT Indore leads all the new IITs in terms of total citations as well as h-index as of 2015. Abstracting and indexing database Scopus has rated IIT Indore as the top among the new IITs, followed by seven IITs of Ropar, Patna, Bhubaneswar, Hyderabad, Gandhinagar and Jodhpur.
IIT Indore's formal undergraduate research scheme is entitled, "Promotion of Research and Innovation for Undergraduate Students (PRIUS)". IIT Indore actively participates in international projects and joint collaborations with research organizations in Japan, South Korea, the Russian Federation, Portugal, France, Germany, and USA. It started the Innovation and Entrepreneurship Development Centre (IEDC) to encourage entrepreneurship.
Research facilities
The institute provides instruments/facilities such as Nuclear Magnetic resonance spectrometer, CAD Tools for Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) Design, Single crystal X-ray diffractometer, Time-correlated single photon counting (TCSPC), Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry Total Internal Reflection Fluorescence Microscopy, Dual ion beam sputtering deposition (DIBSD) system, Spin Coater, Optical Surface Metrology System Profiler,
The Sophisticated Instrumentation Center (SIC) is a national facility hosted at IIT Indore's School of Basic Science. SIC at IIT Indore is equipped with Single Crystal X-ray Diffraction, Nuclear Magnetic Resonance, Mass Spectrometry, Elemental Analysis and Single Molecule Imaging and Spectroscopy.
Student life
Students' Gymkhana
The Students' Gymkhana is a body of elected student representatives responsible for the efficient execution of all the club activities, festivals & activities within IIT Indore, and the organization of the annual techno-cultural event Fluxus, among any other duties assigned by the institute.
Cultural and Non-Academic Activities
Fluxus
Fluxus is the signature annual social and cultural festival of IIT Indore, held in February. It consists of several competitions, informal events, workshops and showcases professional performances. It was started in 2011.
Fluxus 2019 included ‘Kavyanjali' dedicated to Hindi and Urdu poetry and shayris with poet Rahat Indori. Other guests including Kavi Sandeep Dwivedi, Surya Prakash Upadhyay, Rishi Dixit, Nitesh Kushwaha shared the stage with Dr. Rahat Indori. It also included the concerts of the rock band The Local Train, the singer Amit Trivedi and the Canadian EDM performer, Miss Tara. The decade anniversary hosted an alumni meet Magnum Opus for all the IITI graduates.
Fluxus 2020 included musical performances of the singer duo Salim–Sulaiman, DJ Shaan, The Yellow Diary and the stand-up comedy performance of Zakir Khan.
See also
Indian Institutes of Technology
Institutes of National Importance
Ministry of Human Resource Development (India)
List of autonomous higher education institutes in India
Indian Institute of Technology Bombay
References
External links
Indore
Educational institutions established in 2008
Education in Indore
Science and technology in Indore
Universities and colleges in Indore district
2008 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
The China Assemblies of God Taiwan General Council is a Chinese Pentecostal church that was established in Taiwan in 1952. The church was founded by and continues to have strong ties to the Springfield, Missouri based Assemblies of God, the largest of the American Pentecostal denominations. There is another AG body called Taiwan Assemblies of God which was established by the Finnish mission FIDA (formerly FFFM).
Historical background
In 1914, the leaders of the emerging Pentecostal movement founded the Assemblies of God in the United States. Its purpose, they asserted, was to preserve the harvest of newly won souls. The new denomination soon became the largest and best organized of the various emerging Pentecostal churches.
In 1916, a Foreign Mission Division was established and its leaders then attempted to bring under its banner the independent Pentecostals and the missionaries of the theologically similar Christian and Mission Alliance missionaries. This effort had pretty much succeeded by the early 1920s. The Foreign Mission Division of the Assemblies of God now began the task of recruiting new missionaries, supplying funds for their support, and providing direction over their efforts in the field.
By the early 1920s, there were already forty-seven missionaries who served the Assemblies of God. They included Victor Plymire, who explored the provinces of western China and Tibet and whose son would serve in the Taiwan mission. The difficult years of the 1920s and 1930s, when the Protestant and Catholic mission establishments found themselves threatened by overt Chinese hostility, were even more dangerous for AG missionaries, many of whom worked in remote sections of the hinterland. Not all survived these treacherous times. W.E. Simpson was slain in a bandit ambush in 1932, but the mission continued to grow.
By 1933, there were sixty-seven missionaries in China located at twenty-six stations. The missionaries had also recruited a number of local workers. That same year, 155 Chinese helped the Westerners as evangelists and Bible workers.
After the Sino-Japanese War and the disruption it brought (in some cases Pentecostal missionaries were interned by the Japanese), the Foreign Mission Division began an extensive reassessment of their efforts. As a result of meetings held in Springfield, Missouri in 1945, they committed themselves to an overall expansion of their enterprise in China. One hundred and forty eight churches had been planted.
In 1952, the Assemblies of God Mission Board committed its men and women from the main-land to the island in the hope of establishing Pentecostal churches in the militarily secure Republic of China. They have been there ever since. On Taiwan these missionaries and their Chinese co-workers have been able to develop a small but dedicated body of believers who are part of the worldwide Assemblies of God network. In Taipei, Taichung, Tainan, and Kaohsiung and in the villages in the reservation areas of the island's rugged interior are found Assemblies of God churches made up of mainlanders, Taiwanese, and mountain people.
There is a Bible school in Taichung run by the mission and a large A/G run and financed correspondence school now operating in Taipei. Radio ministries such as that established by Jimmy Swaggart, a former A/G pastor, now operate as well and serve to attract Chinese to the church. The Assemblies mission on Taiwan is one that is rather traditional in its operating style.
While some progress has been made, the Assemblies of God missionaries have not been able to expand among the Taiwanese majorities or make much progress among the Taiwanese Aborigines. The Assemblies missionaries knew of the work of the other churches when they began their own efforts but decided that there were unreached peoples in the mountain areas. They have been able to carve out a place for themselves but it has not been easy.
Today, the Taiwan Assemblies of God exists as a small church within the larger Protestant community. It holds fast to its Western roots and maintains close ties to its American founders.
Notes and references
External links
China Assemblies of God Taiwan General Council
Christianity in Taiwan
Pentecostal denominations in Asia
Taiwan
Birth mothers in South Korea (international adoption) refers to the group of biological mothers whose children were given up for adoption in South Korea's international adoption practice. The decades-long phenomenon of international adoption in South Korea began after the Korean War. In the years since the war, South Korea has become the largest and longest provider of children placed for international adoption, with 165,944 recorded Korean adoptees living in 14 countries, primarily in North America and Western Europe, as of 2014.
Birth mothers in South Korea faced social and economic hardships following the war, and many were left with no choice but to give up their children for adoption. It was virtually impossible for unwed mothers to raise children on their own in South Korea, due to social exclusion and an inability to escape severe stigma and discrimination. Many found shelter in maternity homes, which opened their doors for unwed pregnant women, but still struggled with grief and psychological effects of losing a child. Recently, there has been an uptick in birth mother activism, with birth mothers finding each other on online forums, through support groups, and on search and reunion television series.
Aftermath of the Korean War
The Korean War (1950–1953) caused extensive damage to the economies and infrastructure of North and South Korea, including over 2.5 million casualties, or about 10% of Korea's pre-war population. The physical and emotional toll of the war had severe effects on the Korean population, most of which lived in extreme poverty following the war's end.
Effects of the Korean War on women
During the war, the US military established camptowns, or kijich'on, where Korean women became prostitutes for soldiers. By 1953, there were 350,000 women working as prostitutes in or near camptowns. Some made contract marriage arrangements with US soldiers, in which soldiers would pay for sex workers' living expenses in exchange for a monogamous relationship. Viewed as the lowest class of sex workers, kijich'on women faced extreme amounts of social stigma during and after the war. Kijich'on women were called derogatory names, such as yanggongju, or "Yankee whore," and were seen as sexually deviant and morally corrupt.
Women who became pregnant in camptowns comprised the first generation of birth mothers: after the war, over 100,000 war orphans were left in need of a home. Many of their children were mixed-race, or honhyŏla, which led to social exclusion for both the mother and child. The mothers of mixed-race children were automatically seen as low-class military prostitutes, and their children were seen as illegitimate, with any drop of American blood invalidating their Korean blood. Both faced strong prejudices and were excluded from educational and occupational opportunities, which pressured many women to give up their children for adoption. Children of Korean women and African-American soldiers faced the most prejudice due to racist and nationalist sentiments. Due to their exclusion from Korean society at large, many mothers and their mixed-race children lived in extreme poverty following the war.
After the war, South Korea relied heavily on aid from faith-based foreign governments and organizations. Many foreign aid organizations helped to develop South Korea's child welfare and family planning policies, which had previously been nonexistent. The newly regulated family, which consisted of a father, mother, and one or two children, rendered single mothers, birth mothers, widows, divorcées, working-class mothers, poor mothers, and mixed-race children excess population. The nation's patrilineal family registration system, hojuje, only legally recognized women as a child's parent through the child's biological father. Because of this, it was difficult for women to separate themselves from abusive or unhealthy relationships for fear of losing custody of their child. In addition, kijich'on women, whose American partners had returned to the US after the war, were not recognized as the legal guardian of their child. If they were to raise them in South Korea, the child would legally be seen as illegitimate.
Beginnings of international adoption
In 1960, Holt International Children's Services (then known as Holt Adoption Placement) was established by Harry and Bertha Holt, an American Protestant couple that played a large role in the development of the transnational adoption process. In 1954, Holt watched Lost Sheep, a documentary about South Korea's post-war devastation. The film showed footage of the war-torn environment, including imagery of millions of orphans wandering lost and abandoned in a desolate Korean landscape. After seeing Lost Sheep, Holt felt that they had found their life's God-given mission: to adopt South Korean orphans. They adopted 8 mixed-race children in 1955, believing that they should be returned to the land of their fathers. These children became Korea's first transnational adoptees.
The South Korean government benefitted from the adoption of mixed-race children because it helped rid the country of what were largely considered "undesirable" children. At the suggestion of the government, South Korean newspapers began to publish advertisements to recruit mixed-race children for adoption. Both the South Korean government and foreign aid organizations, such as Holt Adoption Placement, encouraged the prioritization of mixed-race adoption first. In 1978, the South Korean government took control of the Korean branch of Holt. Subsequently, the number of adoptions increased, with 8,837 children being sent abroad in 1985.
Many American couples followed suit, either sponsoring a child from the US by sending letters and money, or by adopting. After the adoption papers were signed, birth mothers who gave up their children became legally nonexistent, allowing adoptive parents to take full custody of the child. The South Korean government benefitted from the legal erasure of birth mothers, as it upheld the patriarchal family unit and rid the population of socially deviant women. The international adoption practice was also a means of population control through the regulation of women's reproductive agency.
Maternity homes
Many birth mothers turned to maternity homes for support and services. Maternity homes are social service facilities for pregnant women that operated in conjunction with foreign aid agencies, the church, and adoption agencies. All maternity homes in South Korea were run by private Christian organizations, which declared adoption as an "act of God's love" and a path to salvation. Kusekun Yŏchakwan, or the Salvation Army's Women's Center, was the first maternity home, established in 1926 during Japanese occupation. Initially, Kusekun Yŏchakwan offered shelter to prostitutes and homeless women, and later opened their doors to unmarried pregnant women in 1966. In 1960, an American Presbyterian missionary, Eleanor Creswell Van Lierop, established Ae Ran Won, or House of Grace, as a maternity home for kijich'on women. In 1979, Maliaŭi Chip, or the House of Mary, was founded by a Catholic organization. By the mid-2000s, there were 18 maternity homes that offered services for unwed pregnant women.
Ae Ran Won
Ae Ran Won is located in Seoul, South Korea, and remains one of the more prominent maternity homes. It was founded with the goal of helping young, vulnerable women who moved to Seoul in search of work. Each year, around 200 birth mothers stay at Ae Ran Won. 85% of them choose to give up their children for adoption.
At maternity homes, women could receive shelter and resources. Ae Ran Won offered services such as sex education, vocational training, medical care, and counseling. Because the maternity homes were so closely tied with adoption agencies, adoption was presented as the best option for birth mothers. Maternity homes regularly received compensation from adoption agencies for encouraging women to choose adoption. Pregnant women were strongly dissuaded from turning to abortion. Adoption agency staffers would often come to maternity homes and lead workshops with pregnant women, encouraging them to choose to put their child up for adoption. In their educational programming, maternity homes used religious instruction and many references to their Christian faith. Church representatives asked women in maternity homes to pray, attend weekly Bible study classes, and pledge to refrain from marital sex. Anti-abortion sermons were delivered, and women were forbidden from returning to maternity homes with their newborn children. Under these circumstances, it was very difficult for birth mothers to choose any option other than adoption.
In I Wish for You a Beautiful Life, a collection of letters from birth mothers at Ae Ran Won to their children, most birth mothers expressed their own guilt, grief, and sorrow. Many expressed that they had chosen to give up their child for adoption with the hopes that they would have access to better opportunities, education, and mobility. Some acknowledged the stigma that would accompany their life as a single, unwed mother and the life of their child, who would be rendered legally illegitimate, writing that they wanted to prevent their children from facing this social exclusion. Most, if not all, sought forgiveness and strength through faith.
Birth mother activism
Online forums
The Internet represented a new opportunity for birth mothers to find community through shared experiences. In 2001, an Internet café, called A Sad Love Story of Mothers Who Sent Their Children Away for Adoption, became a popular place among birth mothers to share their stories, foster community, and process emotions. It was established by user "Jaewon", a 25-year old birth mother who had researched adoption in the years after they had given up their child. After meeting another birth mother in 2001, they felt compelled to create a space for other birth mothers to find each other, learn about adoption, and have a safe space to share their experiences. From 2001 until 2005, A Sad Love Story of Mothers operated regularly, hosting online chat rooms, postings, and motivating some mothers to meet in person. After 2005, the site's membership slowly decreased, and eventually it became inactive.
TV reunions
Television search and reunion shows, which seek to reunite birth mothers and their biological children, saw an increase in popularity among South Koreans beginning in the 1990s. Transnational adoptees who were coming of age began searching for their biological families, using the mass media to help in their searches. One popular show, Ach'im Madang, or I Want to Find This Person, was created in 1997, and hosts adoptees who wish to find their birth families, aiding in the search and eventually culminating in a reunion between the mother and child. The reunions themselves were highly publicized, and both the mother and child's reactions were filmed. There are debates about whether or not this emotional reunion should be so public, so as not to invade the privacy of the families.
Activist groups
Many birth mothers have recently been speaking out against the negative stigma toward unwed single mothers. One birth mother, Choi Hyong-sook, chose to raise their son alone. As a result, they were cut off from their family, and had severe difficulties finding a job. Choi has since been a leader in creating unwed mothers' associations, where birth mothers can join together to protest the South Korean government's policies regarding adoption. The government established National Adoption Day on 11 May 2005 in an attempt to encourage domestic adoption. Choi and other birth mothers protested National Adoption Day by marching in a parade with other unwed mothers' organizations, defending the right of single mothers to raise their own children.
Civil groups have come together to establish Single Mother's Day on 11 May, the same day as National Adoption Day. The goal is to celebrate single mothers and unwed birth mothers in a push to end social stigma and pressure the government to provide more financial support to unwed mothers, instead of focusing on funding orphanages and adoption agencies. Every year on Single Mother's Day, groups of activists, volunteers, birth mothers, and adoptees come together to show solidarity for the single mothers and the adoption community.
In addition, the Korean Unwed Mothers Support Network, started by American adoptive father Richard Boas, advocates for better-funded welfare services from the South Korean government. Another organization, Truth and Reconciliation for the Adoption Community in Korea (TRACK), was established by Korean-born adoptees who wish to return to Korea and reduce the stigma around single mothers. TRACK aims to protect the human rights of adoptees and their families, especially children's rights to know and live with their family of origin.
References
Adoption in South Korea
Motherhood
International adoption
This article is about the 1909 film by the Salvation Army in Australia. For the supporters of the 1638 Scottish National Covenant, see Covenanters
The Scottish Covenanters is a 1909 production made by the Limelight Department of the Salvation Army in Australia.
It was shot in a studio in Caulfield. It was the last production made by Joseph Perry for the Salvation Army.
It was released in New Zealand but not Australia.
References
External links
Australian silent short films
1909 films
Australian black-and-white films
Limelight Department films
Kovář (; meaning "smith"; feminine Kovářová ) is a Czech surname.
Kovář or Kovar may refer to:
Daniela Kovářová (born 1964), Czech politician
Dennis G. Kovar, American physicist
František Kovář (1888–1969), Czech Hussite bishop
Jakub Kovář (born 1988), Czech ice hockey player
Jan Kovář (born 1990), Czech ice hockey player
Jaroslav Kovář (1934–2015), Czech athlete
Jiří Kovář (born 1989), Italian volleyball player of Czech origin
Karel Kovář (born 1942), Czech rower
Karel Kovář, Slovak figure skater
Lukáš Kovář (born 1992), Czech ice hockey player
Marie Kovářová (born 1927), Czech gymnast
Mary Grace Kovar (1929–2015), American biostatistician
Matěj Kovář (born 2000), Czech footballer
Michal Kovář (born 1973), Czech footballer
Přemysl Kovář (born 1985), Czech footballer
Robin Kovář (born 1984), Czech ice hockey player
Sára Kovářová (born 1999), Czech handballer
Zdeněk Kovář (1917–2004), Czech designer
See also
Czech-language surnames
Harun-Ur-Rashid Askari (born 1 June 1965), known as Rashid Askari, is a Bengali-English writer, fictionist, columnist, translator, media personality and an academic in Bangladesh. They were the 12th vice-chancellor of Islamic University, Bangladesh in Kushtia. Among the Bangladeshi writers after mid-1990s, they are easily on a par with the major ones who gained identical and impressive mastery over both Bangla and English.
Early life and education
Askari was born in Askarpur, Mithapukur, Rangpur in erstwhile East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) in 1965 to M. A. Mannan, an English teacher and principal, and Setara Begum, a housewife. Rashid passed the secondary school and higher secondary certificate examinations in 1980 and 1982. They "obtained Honours and Master's degrees in English from Dhaka University with distinction, and a PhD in Indian English Literature from the University of Poona".
Career
Askari joined Islamic University, Kushtia as a lecturer in English in 1990. They became a professor in 2005 and was head of the English department more than once. Currently, they are the dean of the Faculty of Arts. They served with King Khalid University - the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia as a professor of English for five years (2008-2013). Askari later became a writer. Their "debut as a writer was marked in 1996 by their book The Dying Homeland. Until recently, they have authored seven books and edited three volumes of English Writings of Rabindranath Tagore (2012-2013) published in commemoration of the 150th birth anniversary of the poet. They have also written a large number of articles, essays and newspaper columns on a great variety of themes ranging from national to international and colonial to postcolonial, which have been published at home and abroad".  They are the editor of Bangladesh's first multilingual international literary magazine—The Archer. They were elected the Secretary General of Federation of Bangladesh University Teachers' Association for 2014. They were "made new chairperson of folklore studies department of the Islamic University in Kushtia". Askari has been nominated as a part-time member of the University Grants Commission of Bangladesh (UGC).  They are working as a member of "the international publication and translation sub-committee" under "Bangabandhu's Birth Centenary Celebration National Implementation Committee" and translated Sheikh Mujib's 10 January speech delivered at the Race Course into English. They also translated in English Sheikh Mujib's UN speech on 25 September 1974.
 They are a peer reviewer and a Quality Assurance (QA) expert nominated by the Quality Assurance Unit of the Government of Bangladesh. "Askari regularly writes columns in various newspapers". "The areas of their academic interest include Modern and Postmodern Fiction, Colonial and Postcolonial Literatures, South-Asian Writing in English, Literary Theories and Creative Writing". In the recent past "Askari has been accorded gold medal for their contribution to advancement of education sector" in Bangladesh. They have also received "Janonetri Sheikh Hasina Award 2019" for their outstanding contribution to education sector, and "won the Dhaka University Alumni News Award 2020".
Writing style
Askari had a flair for creative writing since their school days. An unsigned profile in The Kushtia Times stated that Askari writes "both Bengali and English with equal ease and efficiency". Bangladeshi novelist and critic Syed Manzoorul Islam notes:
Askari has demonstrated enough artistic talent to come up with fiction in English, which must be a source of inspiration for many of us". In their short story collection Nineteen Seventy One and Other Stories(2011) "Rashid Askari speaks of a long-ago war, revisiting the age of brutality we emerged free of through beating back the denizens of darkness". "The book contains a dozen of mind-blowing stories mostly based on realistic events that took place either in faraway villages or the bustling metropolis in Bangladesh. However, the regional fictional representation does not evade universal significance." The book has been translated into French Language and also into Hindi". Their short story "Virus" was published in the Daily Sun's Eid Special 2017 and "A slice of sky" has been published in the Contemporary Literary Review India (CLRI), a peer-reviewed , internationally refereed and high impact factor journal. Askari wrote the intellectual biography of the country's founding president Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, which is "based on authentic background information, factual accounts of events, historical research and clear elegant prose". They edited the English version of Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's book My Father, My Bangladesh published in Amar Ekushey Book Fair 2021. "Sharp and minute detailed description of human behaviour, and pictorial presentation of events and settings in their carefully chosen words demonstrate Rashid Askari's mastery in story writing/telling," says the President of the International Consortium for Social Development and Professor of Social Work at Charles Sturt University, NSW, Australia, Manohar Pawar. "There is a postcolonial undertone in the author's approach by way of debunking the ugly face of the petty-colonial power in the saddle after 1947". "Like most postcolonial writers, their choice of English makes them at once an insider and an outsider – a member of the social elite, who writes about the subaltern." Askari's "sensible uses of stylistics can make it pure theory or theory equal."
Bibliography
Books
Mumūrṣu shadēśa (The Dying Homeland), 1996
Indō-inrēji sāhitya ō an'yān'ya (Indo-English Literature and Others), 1996
Ēkālēra rūpakathā (Today's Folktale), 1997
Binirmita bhābanā (Deconstructing Thoughts), 2001
Uttarādhunika sāhitya ō samālōcanā tattba (Postmodern Literary and Critical Theory), 2002
The Wounded Land: Peoples, Politics, Culture, Literature, Liberation War, War Crimes, and Militancy in Bangladesh, 2010
Nineteen seventy one and other stories: a collection of short stories, 2011
English Writings of Tagore(3 volumes), 2012–13
The Making of Mujib: an intellectual biography, Dhaka: 2022, Bangla Academy
Bangladesh: Somokalin Somaj, Rajniti (Bangladesh: Contemporary Society-Politics) Dhaka: 2019
Bangabandhu, Sheikh Hasina: Somokalin Bangladesh (Bangabandhu, Sheikh Hasina: Contemporary Bangladesh), Dhaka: 2022
Short stories
Lottery, 2011
Nineteen seventy one, 2011
Jihad, 2012
Locked-in Syndrome, 2012
Virus, 2017
The Disclosure, 2019 - This was published in the emerging and seasoned writers publishing platform Kitaab'
The virgin whore, 2019 - The virgin whore" was published in the New York City and India based magazine Cafe Dissensus.
A slice of sky, 2019
Articles
—— ( January 2012). "Tipaimukh Dam and Indian Hydropolitics".
—— ( October 2015). "A Brief history of Bangladeshi writing in English".
—— ( January 2020). "Psychological Abuse against Women and Judicial Relief in the Context of the Subcontinent"
Newspaper columns
-- (14 Dec 2007). ''Intellectual killing and the war crimes of 1971''
(August 15, 2007). Mujib and the Declaration of Independence
-- (15 Aug 2010). ''The founder of Bangladesh''-- (16 Dec , 2010). Liberation War facts -- (17 Sep 2011). Tagore poetry in English. -- (11 Jan 2015). The crowded planet and the fate of humankind -- (21 June 2015). ''Bangladesh and the blue economy''-- (28 Feb, 2018). "Bangla Should Be a UN Language". -- (13 Feb, 2018). "Valentine's Day and an Anatomy of Love".-- (3 Nov, 2018). "Dhaka Translation Fest: A Window on the World".-- (24 Oct, 2018). "Rabindranath, Bangladesh and the Bangalee Diaspora" -- (10 May 2018). "Tagore And Bangladesh" -- (28 Apr, 2018). "Poet Belal Chowdhury: Our Grand Old Man of Poesy"-- (9 Nov, 2018). The birth of Dhaka Translation Fest (DTF) -- (10 Jan, 2020). "We don't know defeat" -- (3 Nov, 2019). "Establishing Int'l Publication and Translation Institute is a matter of urgency" -- (24 Oct, 2019). "Bangladesh and the Uncrowned Queen of Development" -- (22 Sep, 2019). "7th ICSDAP Conference on Social Unrest, Peace and Development"-- (7 Mar 2020). ''Bangabandhu's 7 March Speech: The Power of Spoken Word''-- (30 Mar, 2020). "Life in the Time of Corona"-- (31 Mar, 2020). "Corona-phobia: Times of Stress and Angst"-- (05 Apr, 2020). ''The plague of COVID-19''-- (25 Sep 2020). The essential Vidyasagar: (On their 200th birth anniversary)-- (18 Oct, 2020). A flower born to blush unseen-- (31 May 2019). Dialogue of Asian civilizations: Uniting Asia and beyond-- (23 August 2015).Why write fiction in English
Book review
"The Story of an Inspirational Figure"- a review by Askari of the biography of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman by Syed Badrul Ahsan published by the Embassy of Bangladesh, Washington D.C. News on 15 Jan 2014.
A review of their book "Nineteen Seventy One" published by Rubric Publishing, New Delhi, India in 2019 has been published in the March–April 2019 edition of Indian Literature published by Sahitya Akademi, India.
A review of the book "Nineteen Seventy One" published by the International Journal of Community and Social Development, written by Manohar Pawar, Professor of Social Work at Charles Sturt University, NSW, Australia, and the President of the International Consortium for Social Development.
A review of the book--The Making of Mujib (2022) has been published in the Daily Star on June 9, 2022.
Awards
Askari has been awarded the Oitijjo Gold Medal 2019 by Bangladesh Folklore Research Centre of Rajshahi University for their contribution to the fields of literature and education.
They have also received "Janonetri Sheikh Hasina Award 2019" for their outstanding contribution to education sector.
Rashid Askari won the Dhaka University Alumni News Award 2020
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Bangladeshi male writers
University of Dhaka alumni
Savitribai Phule Pune University alumni
Islamic University, Bangladesh faculty
Vice-Chancellors of the Islamic University, Bangladesh
People from Rangpur District
King Khalid University faculty
PACO was the name of the official Mondpaca Esperantista Movado (MEM) magazine.
History
The Mondpaca Esperantista Movado (World Peace Esperantist Movement), founded in 1953 in Austria, had great significance for the reorganizing of the Esperanto movement in European socialist countries. The movement published a monthly journal called PACO. The magazine was published every month in a different country, sometimes behind the Iron Curtain. The January issue might have been edited by the Japanese MEM section, the February issue by the French section, the March issue by the Bulgarian section, etc. Also, the German Democratic Republic's MEM section published several issues of PACO.
National editions
German Democratic Republic
Even before the formalization of the Esperantist movement in the GDR, there had already appeared a ten-page 1960 Esperanto booklet published by the German Peace Council. Edited by Ludwig Schödl (Neuruppin) and Karl Maier (Berlin), it had a circulation of 6,000 copies.
After the foundation of the cultural association Centra Laborrondo de Esperanto-Amikoj ("Central Workers' Circle of Friends of Esperanto", known since 1981 as the Esperanto Association (Cultural Association) of the GDR), this organization became the GDR's MEM section, and from 1966 to 1989 it published regularly the annual special edition of PACO. The edition of 1966 had 32 pages, those from 1967 and 1968 had 36 pages, and the rest had 40 pages.
There was a regular bimonthly series, printed with better-quality paper. In addition, the annual special issue from the GDR brought more content and had better design. These editions of PACO contained material about international political problems and multiple cultural articles, as well as notes on interlinguistics, esperantology and studies of the advance of the Esperantist movement in East Germany and abroad.
To be of a similar standard to widely circulated publications, it had the collaboration of professional graphic artists from the Dresden editorial office of Zeit im Bild. This way the magazine was richly illustrated and presented in the A4 format. The print run was generally from 5,000 to 6,000 copies. MEM distributed the magazine not only inside the GDR but worldwide. Cumulatively, the 24 issues published totalled 944 pages. Issue 162 of Der Esperantist (1990) contained a cumulative index of articles.
The chief editors (at least formally) were Eugen Menger, from 1966 to 1971, and Detlev Blanke, from 1972 to 1989.
References
Further reading
George Connor, T. Yoseloff, Esperanto, The World Interlanguage, 1948, 1959 and 1966 editions. 245 pp.
1966 establishments in East Germany
1989 disestablishments in East Germany
Cultural magazines published in Germany
Defunct magazines published in Germany
Mass media in East Germany
Esperanto in Germany
Esperanto magazines
German-language magazines
Magazines established in 1966
Magazines disestablished in 1989
Monthly magazines published in Germany
Helcystogramma septella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Philipp Christoph Zeller in 1852. It is found in Malawi, South Africa, Tanzania and the Gambia.
The wingspan is about 15 mm. The forewings are fuscous suffused with whitish ochreous and with a whitish-ochreous streak from the costa near the base to beneath the costa before the middle, margined beneath with dark fuscous suffusion towards the base. There is a blackish blotch edged with ochreous whitish extending along the dorsum from near the base to beyond the middle, with the angles rounded, the upper edge sinuate and the posterior portion more prominent and reaching more than halfway across the wing. There is also a whitish-ochreous oblique streak from the costa before the middle, edged with dark fuscous posteriorly, nearly reaching the second discal stigma, which is blackish, edged with ochreous whitish. There is a whitish-ochreous line from three-fourths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus, somewhat obtusely bent in the middle, followed on the costa by a triangular spot suffusedly marked with dark fuscous reaching one-third of the way across the wing. A triangular suffused whitish-ochreous patch occupies the apex and most of the termen. The hindwings are rather dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1852
septella
Moths of Africa
Sheboygan Light, Power and Railway Company Car #26 is a wooden interurban electric rail car built in 1908 that carried passengers on the line between Sheboygan and Elkhart Lake, Wisconsin for 30 years, until the spread of automobiles made passenger rail service non-viable. Today, the car is operated by the East Troy Railroad Museum on their East Troy Electric Railroad, carrying visitors on their track in East Troy.
Description
Car #26 is a wooden passenger car riding on two 27-E Brill trucks, where each "truck" is a unit with four 36-inch wheels, axles, electric motors, springs, and brakes. The motors were driven by trolley poles which conducted current from electric wires that ran above the track. The car's top speed was 45 mph. The body of the car is 44 feet long, eight feet eight inches wide, and about nine feet high. The rounded corners allowed the car to move more safely through crowded city streets. The sides are sheathed in wood paneling. The roof is wood covered with canvas, with a band of arched clerestory openings filled with green opalescent glass on both sides. Each side has six arched windows, with green glass transoms, and an arched door on each end. The glass is manufactured by the Kokomo Opalescent Glass Works. Inside the car, each end has a conductor/motorman vestibule with a set of controllers for the car. When the car reversed direction, the motorman and the conductor swapped ends of the car. Between the vestibules are a small smoking passenger compartment and a non-smoking compartment. The car had all the modern conveniences in 1908, with hot water heating, package holders, and an enclosed lavatory. It has 44 seats.
History
As the city of Sheboygan grew, its need for public transportation grew. In 1885, a streetcar system opened with 11 miles of track and with the cars pulled by horses. In 1889, the Sheboygan Electric Light Company began providing electricity to homes, and in 1893, it took over the money-losing horse-drawn streetcar system, renamed itself the Sheboygan Light, Power & Railway Company, and replaced the horses with electric-powered cars. The cars ran 19 hours on normal days, and to improve revenue, the system carried freight for Kohler Co., local cheese factories, and quarries. Gradually, the system added track until by 1908, the rail line had extended service to Elkhart Lake. In 1908, the Sheboygan rail system also bought three new cars from the Cincinnati Car Company: #25, #26, and #27.
Sheboygan's electric rail system operated into the 1930s, but ridership began dropping in the early 1920s as automobiles and buses grew more common. Aiming to keep its rail system viable, Sheboygan expanded the freight service in 1930, joining with other railroads to haul loads to and from Chicago. This service was called the "bathtub special," because the main user was Kohler Co. for its plumbing supply business. Service within Sheboygan ended in 1935 and the last run to Plymouth was in 1938.
As business waned, car #26 was sold in 1937 to Mr. and Mrs. John B. Huenink for $250. They moved it to some land near Lake Michigan where it served as their summer cottage. It was bought in 1947 by Berend and Jeannette Doedens, who continued to use it as a cottage. By 1988, it was deteriorating. Paul Doedens donated it to the Friends of the East Troy Electric Railroad Museum. They restored it to near original condition, replacing missing machinery like the trucks. The car was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. Today the car is operated intermittently by the museum, carrying visitors on its 7.5 mile remnant of The Milwaukee Electric Railway and Light Company's interurban line.
References
Rail transportation on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
Sheboygan, Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Walworth County, Wisconsin
Railway vehicles on the National Register of Historic Places
National Register of Historic Places in Walworth County, Wisconsin
Little Sugar Creek is a stream in northwestern Benton County, Arkansas and southwestern McDonald County, Missouri. It is a tributary of the Elk River.
The headwaters of the stream arise in northeast Benton County just southeast of Garfield (at ). The stream flows west crossing under U.S. Route 62 west of Brightwater and Arkansas routes 94 and 72 south of Pea Ridge. The stream turns to the northwest and flows parallel to U.S. Route 72 through the Bella Vista area to enter Missouri at the community of Caverna. In Missouri the stream flows northwest passing under Missouri Route 90. The stream passes the community of Havenhurst and reaches its confluence with Big Sugar Creek to form the Elk River just south of Pineville (). At Pineville, the creek measures approximately 224 cubic feet per second. Ironically, this stream is actually larger than the so-called "Big" Sugar Creek (see Big Sugar Creek for its discharge).
References
Rivers of Missouri
Rivers of Arkansas
Bodies of water of the Ozarks
Rivers of Benton County, Arkansas
Rivers of McDonald County, Missouri
Sa'ad bin Ateeq bin Misfer Al Ateeq (; Born 1969), is an Islamic preacher, a religious scholar, thinker and university professor from Saudi Arabia.  They are controversial for their religious sermon they delivered and their connection to government of Arab states of the Persian Gulf, including the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia; particularly the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque. The Foundation for Defense of Democracies, The Daily Beast, and Foreign Policy magazine have run articles and claim on Al-Ateeq to their fanatic, fundamentalist hard line view, with Foreign Policy having compiled a large documentation of their government sponsored activities.
A Dhi al-Nurayn Mosque lecture by Al-Ateeq in 2005 was promoted by the Saudi Arabian government's official press agency.
In 2010 during the month of Ramadan the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar) invited Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq to give sermons. In May 2011 the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar) invited Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq to give sermons. One of their sermons is listed on the media section of the website of the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar).
The King Khalid Military College Mosque preacher and Imam is Sa'ad al-Ateeq And they gave a sermon on 13 December 2010 to King Saud University students.
In a Sermon at Qatar's Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque (Grand Mosque of Qatar) Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq delivered a sermon, calling for the end of Jews and Christians by the hands of God and called for Muslims and Islam to be exalted by God in February 2013.
The Riyadh-based King Khalid Military College's Guidance Director is Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq. They were invited to deliver a sermon to Qatari airport security on 23 July 2013 in Doha, Qatar by the Ministry of Interior. Al-Ateeq delivered a religious sermon to the Qatari Navy in July 2013.
The Facilities Security Force of the Ministry of Interior (Saudi Arabia) hosted a lecture by Al-Ateeq on 23 September 2013.
On 2 October 2013 at the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque, Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq again called for their destruction of Christians and Jews and called for Muslims and Islam to be exalted.
In February 2014 the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar) tweeted that the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque was hosting another sermon by al-Ateeq.
In front of schoolchildren, Al-Ateeq delivered a lecture called (With beloved Muhammad) on Wednesday 26 February 2014 in a Qur'an schools exhibition.
On 6 July 2014 during Ramadan, al-Ateeq preached at the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque. on 9 July 2014 al-Ateeq also gave another Ramadan sermon at the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque. Al-Ateeq delivered a speech at the Dubai International Holy Quran Award which was set up by the Ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum in July 2014. Al-Ateeq was named as one of the preachers and scholars in the event on the website of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum They then delivered their speech at the event.
Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq has called for the destruction of Shias, Christians, Nusayris (Alawites), and Jews and called for Muslims and Islam to be exalted in Qatar's Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque in January 2015. This was advertised on the website of the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar) and on the official Twitter account of the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar) Their January 2015 sermon in the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque was advertised by al-Ateeq on their Twitter.
In Sudan in March 2015, al-Ateeq again called for the destruction of who they called "Rafidah" Shia, "Nusayri" (Alawites), Christians, and Jews and called for Muslims and Islam to be exalted.
King Khaled Mosque hosted a speech by al-Ateeq It was advertised by the official Twitter account of the Mosque.
References
External links
Living people
1969 births
Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University alumni
Saudi Arabian Islamic religious leaders
Sunni imams
Saudi Arabian Sunni Muslim scholars of Islam
Saudi Arabian Salafis
Saudi Arabian imams
20th-century imams
21st-century imams
Critics of Shia Islam
Natalja Germanovna Karamyševa (, also romanized as Natalia Karamysheva) is a former Soviet ice dancer who works as a coach and choreographer. With their husband Rostislav Sinicyn (Sinitsyn), they are the 1978 and 1980 Soviet national champion.
Career
Natalia Karamysheva and Rostislav Sinitsyn placed 5th at the 1979 European Championships and 7th at the 1980 World Championships. They won the silver medal at the 1981 Winter Universiade.
Following their retirement from competitive skating, Karamyševa became a coach and choreographer working in the Czech Republic. Them current and former students and clients include Karolína Procházková / Michal Češka, Jana Čejková / Alexandr Sinicyn, Kamila Hájková / David Vincour, Lucie Myslivečková / Matěj Novák, Jakub Strobl, and Barbora Ulehlova.
Personal life
Karamyševa is married to Rostislav Sinicyn. Their son, Alexandr Sinicyn (born 27 March 1996 in Prague), is a competitive ice dancer for the Czech Republic.
Karamyševa and Karamysheva have both been used to romanize their surname. Karamyševa is the Czech-style version.
Results
with Rostislav Sinicyn
References
1959 births
Living people
Soviet female ice dancers
Russian figure skating coaches
Figure skating choreographers
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Female sports coaches
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Russian emigrants to the Czech Republic
Universiade silver medalists for the Soviet Union
Competitors at the 1981 Winter Universiade
Timothy Thomas Ansberry (December 24, 1871 – July 5, 1943) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Early life
Timothy T. Ansberry was born in Defiance, Ohio. They attended public schools. They graduated from the University of Notre Dame, South Bend, Indiana, in June 1893. They were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Defiance, Ohio.
Career
Ansberry served as the Justice of the Peace from 1893 to 1895. They served as prosecuting attorney of Defiance County, Ohio from 1895 to 1903. They were an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1904 to the Fifty-ninth Congress.
Ansberry was elected as a Democrat to the Sixtieth and to the three succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1907, until January 9, 1915, when they resigned to accept a judicial position. They served as chairperson of the Committee on Elections No. 1 (Sixty-second Congress). They were appointed associate judge of the Ohio Court of Appeals, in which capacity they served until their resignation in 1916.
They served as delegate to the 1920 Democratic National Convention at San Francisco and the 1924 Democratic National Convention at New York.
Ansberry was a presidential elector in the 1916 presidential election.
They moved to Washington, D.C., in 1916 and engaged in the practice of law until their death.
Death
Ansberry died in New York City on July 5, 1943. They were interred in Mount Olivet Cemetery in Washington, D.C.
References
Sources
External links
1871 births
1943 deaths
People from Defiance, Ohio
University of Notre Dame alumni
Burials at Mount Olivet Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)
County district attorneys in Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
1916 United States presidential electors
Senator Mathis may also refer to:
Liz Mathis (born 1958), Iowa State Senator
Thomas A. Mathis (1869–1958), New Jersey State Senator and political boss
W. Steelman Mathis (1898–1981), New Jersey State Senator
See also
Senator Mathias (disambiguation)
The 2015 Middlesbrough Borough Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of Middlesbrough Borough Council in England. It took place on the same day as the election for the Mayor of Middlesbrough, as well as the UK general election, and other local elections across England. Since the 2011 election, there had been boundary reviews, which resulted in two fewer seats on the council, many old wards being discontinued and new wards being formed.
Overall results
There are two fewer seats on the council as a result of a boundary review.
A total of 89,088 valid votes were cast and there were 645 rejected ballots.
The turnout was 55.62%.
Council Composition
Prior to the election the composition of the council was:
After the election the composition of the council was:
Con
MI - Marton Independents
L - Liberal Democrats
G - Green Party
Ward Results
An asterisk denotes an incumbent councillor.
Acklam
Ayresome
Berwick Hills and Pallister
This is a newly created ward, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Dryden previously served as a councillor for the Pallister ward from 2011-2015.
Brambles and Thorntree
This is a newly created ward, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Cllrs G Purvis and T Purvis were both previously councillors for the Thorntree ward.
Len Junier was previously the Labour cllr for North Ormesby & Brambles Farm.
Central
Coulby Newham
Hemlington
Kader
Ladgate
Linthorpe
This ward has changed from having 3 seats to 2 seats as a result of recent boundary changes, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Longlands and Beechwood
This is a newly created ward, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Cllrs McTigue and Rooney previously served as councillors from 2011-2015 in the Beachwood and Clairville wards respectively.
Marton East
This is a newly created ward, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Both Cllrs Mawston and Davison were previously councillors for Marton Ward from 2011-2015.
Marton West
Newport
This is a newly created ward, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Cllrs Brady and Harvey previously served as councillors for the Gresham ward from 2011-2015.
Sajaad Khan previously served as a Labour councillor in the Gresham ward from 2011-2015.
North Ormesby
This is a newly created ward, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Nunthorpe
Park
Cllr Rostron previously served as councillor for Linthorpe from 2011-2015.
Park End and Beckfield
Cllrs Hubbard and Cox previously served as councillors in Beckfield, whilst Cllr Saunders served as a councillor for Park End.
Stainton and Thornton
This is a newly created ward, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Trimdon
This is a newly created ward, therefore there are no previous figures to compare the 2015 result to.
Cllr J Sharrocks previously served as a councillor for the Brookfield ward from 2011-2015.
Peter Sharrocks previously served as a councillor for the Brookfield ward from 2011-2015.
References
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
2015
21st century in Tyne and Wear
Acrolepia bythodes is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1919
Acrolepiidae
The Route nationale 26, or RN26, is a highway in France connecting Verneuil-sur-Avre with Argentan.
Route
The road starts with a junction on the N12 and heads west to L'Aigle passing through the Foret d'Aigle. The road by-passes the town to the south. Thereafter the road has been reclassified as the RD928 and follows the course of the River Risle. After Le Merlerault the road crosses the A28 autoroute. The road continues north west past the monument to Haras National du Pin. The road enters the Foret de Gouffern and enters the town of Argentan.
026
The Cathedral of St. Mary (or simply Cathedral of Nukualofa and also alternately called the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception and locally in Tongan: Malia Tupu Imakulata) is a religious building located on Vuna Road in the town of Nukualofa, capital of the Kingdom of Tonga a small independent state in Oceania. It should not be confused with the Basilica of Saint Anthony of Padua also located in the same city.
The church follows the Roman or Latin rite and serves as the seat of the diocese of Tonga (Latin: Dioecesis Tongana) which was created in 1966 by bull "Prophetarum voices" of Pope Paul VI. It is under the pastoral responsibility of the Bishop Soane Patita Paini Mafi who became the youngest member of the College of Cardinals of the Catholic Church since 2015 when they were appointed cardinal by Pope Francis.
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Tonga
Buildings and structures in Nukuʻalofa
Katell Guillou (born 1972) is a French restaurateur who runs two one-star Michelin restaurants in Schouweiler, Luxembourg: "Toit pour Toi" and "Guillou Campagne".
Biography
Born on 15 December 1972 in Bastogne, Belgium, Katell Guillou is the daughter of Lysiane and Pierrick Guillou who have operated Michelin-starred restaurants in Luxembourg since the 1970s. They first opened the "Saint Michel" in Luxembourg City in 1972 and then the "La Table des Guilloux" in Schouweiler in 1993 which went on to earn two Michelin stars. After matriculating from the Institut Pilatre des Roziers in Moulins-lès-Metz with a literary baccalauréat, Katell Guillou entered the restaurant business, managing the catering business their parents had established in the centre of Luxembourg City.
Thereafter they spent ten years working for the caterer Pascal Brasseur, adding to the knowledge of gastronomy they had already acquired from their father. In 1999, they heard from their mother that the property adjoining the "Table des Guilloux" was for sale. They immediately decided they could open their own restaurant there. Them father took care of the major renovation work while they completed the interior. After almost a year's work, the "Toit pour Toit" was opened on 31 December 1999. Six years later the restaurant was awarded a Michelin star.
Following the closure of "La Table des Guilloux" on their parents' retirement, Katell Guillou acquired the property, undertook substantial renovation work and opened "Guillou Campagne" in 2009. In 2015, the restaurant was granted a Michelin star.
References
1972 births
Living people
People from Bastogne
French restaurateurs
Head chefs of Michelin starred restaurants
Brener may refer to:
Brener (footballer) (born 1975), Brazilian football player
Abraham Moshe Brener (d. 1968), Polish-born rabbi
Alexander Brener (born 1957), Russian performance artist
Angèle Diabang Brener (born 1979), Senegalese screenwriter, director and film producer
Avia Brener (born 1994), Israeli acrobatic gymnast
Fabricio Brener (born 1998), Argentine football player
Igal Brener, Israeli-American physicist
Ilja Brener (born 1989), Russian-born German chess player
Josh Brener (born 1984), American actor
Mark Brener, American business person
Moshe Brener (born 1971), Israeli basketball player
Pynchas Brener (born 1931), Ashkenazi rabbi
Roland Brener (1942–2006), South African-born Canadian artist
Roman Brener (1932–1991), Soviet and Ukrainian diver and pool player
Sandra Brener Rosenthal (born 1936), American philosopher
Sergey Brener (born 1971), Uzbekistani freestyle skier
Shmulik Brener (born 1981), Israeli basketball player and coach
Yolande Brener, English author and actor
See also
Brenner (surname)
Paramonov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Paramonova. It may refer to
Aleksandr Paramonov (born 1942), Soviet swimmer
Aleksei Paramonov (born 1925), Soviet football player and manager
Konstantin Paramonov (born 1973), Russian football coach and former player
Sergey Paramonov (born 1945), Soviet fencer
Sergey Jacques Paramonov (1894–1967) Russian-Australian entomologist
Vadym Paramonov (born 1991), Ukrainian football player
Russian-language surnames
Kathryn Aalto is an American landscape designer, historian, educator and New York Times Bestselling author based in Exeter, England.
Early life
Kathryn Aalto grew up between San Francisco and the Sierras in California's San Joaquin Valley where they developed a lifelong interest in landscape history, design and literature of place. They were educated at the University of California at Berkeley, Western Washington University, the London College of Garden Design and the University of Bristol, from which they received a Bachelor's in English, a Master's in English, a Diploma in Garden Design and a Master's in Garden History.
Career
Books
Kathryn Aalto is the author of three books including Writing Wild: Women Poets, Ramblers, and Mavericks Who Shape How We See the Natural World (2020) and The Natural World of Winnie-the-Pooh: A Walk Through the Forest that Inspired the Hundred Acre Wood, published in 2015 by Timber Press, which became a New York Times Bestseller in February 2016. It was featured on NPR's "All Things Considered" on October 26, 2015 and selected as a People magazine Best Pick in Nonfiction in November 2015. Extensive coverage of the book included an article and review in The Washington Post, articles in The Boston Globe and The Oregonian, as well as radio interviews on NPR, WAMC and MPR.  They are also the author of Nature and Human Intervention about the Italian garden designer Luciano Guibbilei.
. This book appeared on New York Times bestseller list in February 2016.
Teaching and public speaking
As an educator, they have taught American Literature of Nature and Place, Critical Thinking and Composition and other writing courses at Western Washington University, Everett Community College and Exeter College where they are an adjunct lecturer. A dynamic public speaker, Kathryn Aalto lectures widely, both in the United States and England, to libraries, schools, historical societies, botanical gardens, universities and civic clubs. Past venues have included Harvard Universities Arnold Arboretum, The New York Public Library, the Northwest Flower and Garden Show and the Virginia Festival of the Book.
References
External links
Official Timber Press page for The Natural World Of Winnie-the-Pooh: A Walk Through the Forest that Inspired the Hundred Acre Wood
NPR Interview on Northeast Public Radio
NPR Interview on All Things Considered.
Debate at RHS Wisley
Living people
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Western Washington University alumni
American garden writers
People from Escalon, California
American women non-fiction writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
American expatriates in the United Kingdom
Alumni of the University of Bristol
21st-century American women
Writers from California
Govardhan Asrani (born 1 January 1940), popularly known simply as Asrani, is an Indian actor and director whose Bollywood career has spanned five decades. They have acted in over 350 Hindi films. Asrani has played the lead roles, character roles, comedic roles and supporting roles.  They are best known for their role in Sholay as a jailer and characters they played in 25 films with Rajesh Khanna in lead role between 1972 to 1991.
In Hindi films, they played the comedian's role from 1966 to 2013 and played a supporting actor's role as the close friend of the lead hero in many films between 1972 and 1994. In a few Hindi films like Chala Murari Hero Banne and Salaam Memsaab, they played the main lead hero. In Gujarati films they played the lead hero from 1972 to 1984 and played character roles from 1985 to 2012. They also directed six films between 1974 and 1997.
Early life
Asrani was born into a middle-class, Sindhi family in Jaipur. Their father opened a carpet shop. They have four sisters and three brothers: two elder and one younger. Asrani was uninterested in business and weak in mathematics. They completed their matriculation from St. Xaviers School and did their graduation from Rajasthan College, Jaipur. They simultaneously worked as a voice artist at All India Radio, Jaipur, to pay for their education.
They married actor Manju Bansal, with whom they fell in love while working together in films like Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar and Namak Haram. After they wed, the couple acted in Tapasya, Chandi Sona, Jaan-E-Bahaar, Jurmana, Nalayak, Sarkari Mehmaan, Narad Vivah and Chor Sipahee. In Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar, Asrani played Champak Boomia / Amit Desai and Manju played Kesari Desai. For this role Asrani won the Filmfare Award for Best Comedian. Later the couple acted in Hum Nahin Sudhrenge, a home production directed by Asrani in 1980.
Career
They began to learn acting from Sahitya Kalbhai Thakkar from 1960 to 1962. In 1962, they travelled to Mumbai to seek opportunities to act. In 1963, on an accidental meeting with Kishore Sahu and Hrishikesh Mukherjee, they advised them to learn acting professionally.
In 1964 Asrani joined the Film Institute in Pune and finished their course in 1966. They got their first break in Hindi films playing the friend of actor Biswajeet in the film Hare Kaanch Ki Choodiyan in 1967. In the film institute they had impressed many and made their acting break as a hero in 1967 with a Gujarati movie opposite budding actor Waheeda (not Waheeda Rahman; the Hindi actor). They acted in four other movies, mainly as actor or supporting actor, in Gujarati from 1967 to 1969. They did not get many offers from the Hindi film industry between 1967 and 1969. Their old advisor, Hrishikesh Mukherjee, then gave them the role of supporting actor in the film Satyakam in 1969. They got noticed then in the film Mere Apne. From 1971, they started getting more offers as the main comedian in films or as the close friend of the lead actor.
Directors like Mukherjee, Atma Ram, and Gulzar repeatedly cast them in the period 1971-1974, and their work got noticed through these films. These roles set the tone for a number of supporting and comic roles in their career. In the 1970s their demand was at its peak as they appeared in 101 films from 1970 to 1979. Though initially Rajesh Khanna and Asrani had met only on the sets of Bawarchi, they became close friends after Namak Haraam, after which for the role of comedian Khanna insisted the producers and directors make Asrani part of their films. Asrani worked in 25 films with Khanna from 1972 to 1991, from Bawarchi (1972) to Ghar Parivaar (1991).
Their most memorable works as supporting actor from 1970 to 1979 are in Mere Apne, Koshish, Bawarchi, Parichay, Abhimaan, Mehbooba, Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein, Do Ladke Dono Kadke and Bandish. They played the lead hero in Chala Murari Hero Banne, a Hindi film they wrote and directed in 1977, which was critically acclaimed.
Their notable roles as a comedian from the 1970s are in Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar, Roti, Prem Nagar, Chupke Chupke, Chhoti Si Baat, Rafoo Chakkar, Sholay, Balika Badhu, Fakira, Anurodh, Chhailla Babu, Charas, Phaansi, Dillagi, Heeralal Pannalal, Pati Patni Aur Woh and Hamare Tumhare.
Though they had played the supporting character in many films, they played a serious role for the first time in Khoon Pasina. They did off beat roles like that of the evil brother's role in Koshish (1972),the double role of a hippie and villager in LV Prasad's Bidaai (1974), a beedi and ganji sporting wastrel in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Chaitali (1975), a romantic in BR Chopra's Nikaah (1982) who sang a qawwali like yesteryear actor Yakub and played a pimp in KS Prakash Rao's Prem Nagar (1974).Later they played antagonist roles in Ab Kya Hoga and Teri Meherbaniyan.
They were hugely talked about in the 1970s and was one of Rajesh Khanna's close friends. They became a regular feature in films produced by D. Ramanaidu and those movies directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee, B.R.Chopra, K. Bapaiah, Narayana Rao Dasari, K. Raghavendra Rao, Basu Chatterjee in 1972 to 1992.
They won the Filmfare award for Best Comedian for their performances in Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar in 1974 and for Balika Badhu in 1977.
In 1974, Asrani directed their first movie in Gujarati with themselves as the hero, and the song "Hu Amdavad No Rikshawalo" sung by Kishore Kumar was picturised on Asrani. The songs picturised on Asrani and sung by Kishore in Hindi are "Achcha Chaloji Baba Maaf Kardo" from Hamare Tumhare, "Pyar Main Karoonga" from Yeh Kaisa Insaaf. "Mannu Bhai Motor Chali Pam" was sung by them with Kishore Kumar and was picturised on Rishi Kapoor and him, in Phool Khile Hain Gulshan Gulshan in 1978.
In the 1980s, they acted in 107 Hindi films. Asrani holds the record for appearing as a character actor/comedian in the most Hindi films in a decade – 101 in the 1970s and 107 in the 1980s. Unlike their roles in 1970 to 1984 which were pivotal to the plot, most of their roles from 1985 to 1993 were very minor mainly because the concept of a comedian was being phased out and heroes preferred to do their own comedy and action films were more popular in the period from 1985 to 1994. In the 1980s their memorable performances were in Hamari Bahu Alka, Ek Hi Bhool, Yeh Kaisa Insaf, Kaamchor, Agar Tum Na Hote, Asha Jyoti, Maqsad, Main Intequam Loonga, Love 86 and Biwi Ho To Aisi.
In the films produced by South Indian production houses films and those directed by T. Rama Rao, K. Raghavendra Rao, K. Bapaiah, Narayana Rao Dasari, the trio of Asrani-Kader Khan-Shakti Kapoor were regular from 1982 to 1998 and boosted the popularity of the trio.
In 1982, Asrani set up a small Gujarati production company with fellow artistes Dinesh Hingoo, Harish Patel and Salim Parvez (son of famous supporting actor Yunus Parvez). The company dissolved in 1996 with a large profit. Asrani also invested mainly in cloth and acted as investor for other actors, until 1991 when they lost a lot of money. From 1988 to 1993, they were a director for the Film Institute in Pune. In the 1990s they did only 73 Hindi movies due to lack of good scope for them to perform. Muqabla (1993) saw them in a serious role after a long time.
Simultaneously they kept working in Gujarati films in the 1970s and 1980s as a lead hero and achieved success as the lead protagonist in Amdavad No Rikshawalo, Saat Qaidi, Sansar Chakra, Pankhi No Malo, Jugal Jodi, Maa Baap, Chel Chabilo Gujarati. From the 1990s they played as a comedian or supporting actor in Gujarati films like Mota Ghar Ni Vahu, Piyu Gayo Pardesh, and Baap Dhamal Dikhra.
D. Ramanaidu gave a pivotal role to Asrani in Taqdeerwala in 1995 and once again comedy movies were being made from there on. Asrani started getting good roles in films directed by David Dhawan and Priyadarshan from 1993 until 2012. Their most memorable performances as a comedian from the 1990s are in Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar, Gardish, Taqdeerwala, Gharwali Baharwali, Bade Miyan Chote Miyan and Hero Hindustani.
The 2000s saw Asrani in a number of films like Hera Pheri, Chup Chup Ke, Hulchul, Deewane Huye Paagal, Garam Masala, Malamaal Weekly, Bhagam Bhag, De Dana Dan, Bol Bachchan, and Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal. They appeared in a serious role in Kyun Ki. They were an integral part of comedies by Sajid Nadiadwala and Priyadarshan after 2000. Their screen space in the films of Rohit Shetty and others were reduced gradually after 2009.
Asrani and Mallika Sherawat were the judges of the 18th annual Naya Andaz competition on 17 April 2010, in New Jersey.
Asrani in 2018 played the role of Mikesh's grandfather in the popular web series Permanent Roommates and even appeared in advertisement in 2019. They also played the role of DGP Director general of police in the serial Partners Trouble Ho Gayi Double.
Asrani acted as Narada in the 1985 Doordarshan TV Serial Natkhat Narad. Some of their co-stars were Jayshree T. and Vikram Gokhale.
Selected filmography
As actor
As director
As singer
Awards and nominations
1973 – Shama Sushama Award for Best Comedian for Anhonee
1986 – Best Actor and Best Director Award from Gujarat State Government for Saat Qaidi, a Gujarati film.
As voice artist
Asrani lent their voice for the character Zazu in The Lion King (2019 film) in the Hindi language audio.
References
External links
Asrani interview on SET India
http://www.cagesmovie.com/castandcrew/asrani/
Indian male comedians
Filmfare Awards winners
Sindhi people
Male actors from Jaipur
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Film and Television Institute of India alumni
Living people
20th-century Indian film directors
1940 births
20th-century Indian male actors
Bollywood playback singers
20th-century Indian male singers
Singers from Rajasthan
Musicians from Jaipur
Film directors from Rajasthan
Hindi-language film directors
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
21st-century Indian male actors
21st-century Indian male singers
Screenwriters from Rajasthan
Hindi screenwriters
Hindi film producers
Film producers from Rajasthan
Mariam Dadiani (; 1783 – 19 March 1841) was the last Queen Consort of the western Georgian kingdom of Imereti as the wife of King Solomon II. They were a daughter of Katsia II Dadiani, Prince of Mingrelia. After the Russian conquest of Imereti and Solomon's flight to the Ottoman Empire in 1810, Mariam fell in the hands of the Russian authorities who sent them in exile to Russia proper, where they were known as Maria Katsiyevna Imeretinskaya ().
Family background
Mariam was born in 1783, in the family of the Mingrelian ruling prince Katsia II, of the Dadiani dynasty, and their wife Elisabed, daughter of Teimuraz II of Kakheti. They were given in marriage, in the 1790s, to the Imeretian king Solomon II, who later fought their brother-in-law and Katsia's successor, Grigol Dadiani, over territorial disputes. The marriage proved to be childless. Therefore, Solomon had to designate their closest legitimate relative and a son of an old adversary, Prince Constantine, as heir apparent in 1804.
Downfall
Solomon's reign was under threat from the Russian Empire, whose suzerainty they had accepted in 1804. They offered armed resistance to the Russian troops sent in to reinforce the tsar's decision to depose Solomon in February 1810. Mariam stood by their husband's side. Solomon was forced to capitulate in March 1810, but they escaped from captivity and reignited an anti-Russian rebellion in May 1810. The Russian commander-in-chief Alexander Tormasov retaliated by ordering General Simonovich to incarcerate Mariam, their sister Maria, wife of Prince Davit Mikeladze, and Solomon's sister Mariam, wife of Prince Malkhaz Andronikashvili, at the fortress of Poti. The arrested noblewomen were to receive food from their own estates; giving money to them was prohibited. Simonovich advised caution, warning that harsh treatment of the female dignitaries would exasperate the Imeretians.
Arrest and exile
Mariam remained with their beleaguered husband until the king eventually escaped to the Ottoman territory in September 1810. Queen Mariam, on the other hand, fled to Mingrelia under protection of its ruler, Princess Nino. Tormasov inveigled them into surrendering. The Russian military convoy escorted them and other Imeretian female royals to Tiflis and placed them under custody in November 1810. Queen Mariam and Solomon's sister Mariam, as the fugitive king's corroborators, were deported to Voronezh, whence the queen sent, with the help of Marquis Paulucci, a letter to Solomon, urging them to surrender and return from their exile in the Ottoman Empire.
After the death of Solomon in Trebizond in 1815, Mariam was allowed to move to Moscow, and then to St. Petersburg in 1817. The tsar granted them a pension and decorated them with the Order of St. Catherine, Grand Cross. According to one account, in their last years, Mariam personally asked the tsar to allow Solomon II's peasant servant Salaridze, who had helped the king to escape from Russian captivity back in 1810, to return from their exile in Siberia. The permission was granted and Mariam hosted Salaridze at their house, only to find them dead of a heart attack on the next morning. Mariam died in St. Petersburg in 1841, at the age of 58, and was buried at the Donskoy Monastery.
References
1783 births
1841 deaths
Queens consort from Georgia (country)
Mariam
18th-century people from Georgia (country)
18th-century women from Georgia (country)
19th-century people from Georgia (country)
19th-century women from Georgia (country)
Queens consort of Imereti
The WTA 125K series is the secondary professional tennis circuit organised by the Women's Tennis Association. The 2016 WTA 125K series calendar consists of eight tournaments, each with a total prize fund of $125,000. After 2015, the Nanchang event was upgraded to a WTA International level tournament, and with new events starting in San Antonio, West Hempstead and Bol. The planned tournament in West Hempstead was then cancelled, and the tournament scheduled to take place in Carlsbad, California was moved to Oahu, Hawaii. Following the death of the Thai king Bhumibol Abdulyadej, the event due to take place in Hua Hin was also cancelled, in accordance with Thai tradition that sporting events cannot take place in the month after a monarch's death.
Schedule
Statistical information
These tables present the number of singles (S) and doubles (D) titles won by each player and each nation during the season. The players/nations are sorted by: 1) total number of titles (a doubles title won by two players representing the same nation counts as only one win for the nation); 2) a singles > doubles hierarchy; 3) alphabetical order (by family names for players).
To avoid confusion and double counting, these tables should be updated only after an event is completed.
Titles won by player
Titles won by nation
Points distribution
References
2016 in tennis
2016
An infrared excess is a measurement of an astronomical source, typically a star, that in their spectral energy distribution has a greater measured infrared flux than expected by assuming the star is a blackbody radiator. Infrared excesses are often the result of circumstellar dust heated by starlight and reemitted at longer wavelengths. They are common in young stellar objects and evolved stars on the asymptotic giant branch or older.
In addition, monitoring for infrared excess emission from stellar systems is one possible method that could enable a search for large-scale stellar engineering projects of a hypothetical extraterrestrial civilization; for example a Dyson sphere or Dyson swarm. This infrared excess would be the outcome of the waste heat emitted by the asupervisorstioned structures if they are considered blackbodies at temperatures close to 300 K.
References
Observational astronomy
This is a list of football coaches with a .750 or greater winning percentage. College football coaches who have coached college teams for 10 or more seasons are included in the list. "College level" is defined as a four-year college or university program in either the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) or the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). If the team competed at a time before the official organization of either of the two groups, but is generally accepted as a "college football program," it is also included.
Leading the list is Larry Kehres, who compiled a winning percentage while coaching the Mount Union Purple Raiders from 1986 to 2012. The longest tenure among coaches on the list is that of John Gagliardi, who was a head coach from 1949 until retiring after the 2012 season. Gagliardi also leads all listed coaches in total games, wins, and losses. Former Vanderbilt head coach Dan McGugin has the most ties of anyone on the list.
Key
College football coaches with a .750 winning percentage
List may be incomplete; updated through 2021 season.
Note: As of the end of the 2010 season, Jim Tressel, who served as the head football coach for Youngstown State (1986–2000) and Ohio State (2001–2010), had a career record of 241–79–2 for a winning percentage of .752. In July 2011, Ohio State vacated all 12 of its wins from the 2010 season, dropping Tressel's career record to 229–79–2 and their winning percentage to .742.
Active coaches near a .750 winning percentage
This list identifies active coaches who have:
a winning percentage of .735 or greater after at least 10 full seasons as a college football head coach, or
a winning percentage of .750 or greater after at least 7 full seasons, but fewer than 10, as a college football head coach.
Updated through end of 2021 season.
College football coaches with an .850 winning percentage
The main list set forth above is limited to coaches with 10 years of experience as a head coach. This list supplements the main list by identifying coaches who are omitted from the main list because they have not coached 10 years, but who have achieved a winning percentage of .850 or higher while coaching a minimum of five seasons or 50 games.
List may be incomplete; updated through 2021 season.
See also
List of college football coaches with 200 wins
List of college football coaches with 100 losses
List of college football coaches with 0 career wins
List of college football coaches with 30 seasons
List of college football coaches with 20 ties
Notes
References
.750 winning percentage
Faure Chomón Mediavilla (15 January 1929 – 5 December 2019) was a Cuban historian and politician. They were one of the founding members and leaders of the Directorio Revolucionario Estudiantil. After the triumph of the Revolution they joined Fidel Castro's government. Early in their career, they served as the Secretary of Communication and Transportation and Ambassador to the Soviet Union. Later they served as Ambassador to Vietnam and Ecuador as well as historian of the Revolution. They were also member of the National Assembly of People's Power from 1976 to their death.
They were born in Manatí, 45 km north of the city of Las Tunas.
They began as a student leader in the Federation of University Students (FEU). As members of the Revolutionary Directorate, on 13 March 1957, during the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista, they led, together with Carlos Gutiérrez Menoyo, the revolutionary group made up of 50 men that carried out the assault on the Presidential Palace, where they were seriously injured. They were part of the Las Villas Front under the command of Ernesto Guevara.
Once the revolution triumphed Faure was recognized in the rank of commander of the armed forces.
They died on 5 December 2019 in Havana (Cuba), due to multiple organ dysfunction syndrome.
See also
Directorio Revolucionario Estudiantil
Havana Presidential Palace attack (1957)
Humboldt 7 massacre
Radiocentro CMQ Building
Presidential Palace
José Antonio Echeverría
Eloy Gutiérrez Menoyo
Rolando Cubela Secades
References
External links
El Ataque al Palacio Presidencial 13 de Marzo de 1957
1929 births
2019 deaths
Communist Party of Cuba politicians
Members of the National Assembly of People's Power
20th-century Cuban politicians
21st-century Cuban politicians
Ambassadors of Cuba to Vietnam
Ambassadors of Cuba to the Soviet Union
The Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations of 1961 is an international treaty that defines a framework for diplomatic relations between independent countries. Its aim is to facilitate "the development of friendly relations" among governments through a uniform set of practices and principles; most notably, it codifies the longstanding custom of diplomatic immunity, in which diplomatic missions are granted privileges that enable diplomats to perform their functions without fear of coercion or harassment by the host country. The Vienna Convention is a cornerstone of modern international relations and international law and is almost universally ratified and observed; it is considered one of the most successful legal instruments drafted under the United Nations.
History
Throughout the history of sovereign states, diplomats have enjoyed a special status. Their function to negotiate agreements between states demands certain special privileges. An envoy from another nation is traditionally treated as a guest, their communications with their home nation treated as confidential, and their freedom from coercion and subjugation by the host nation treated as essential.
The first attempt to codify diplomatic immunity into diplomatic law occurred with the Congress of Vienna in 1815. This was followed much later by the Convention regarding Diplomatic Officers (Havana, 1928).
The present treaty on the treatment of diplomats was the outcome of a draft by the International Law Commission. The treaty was adopted on 18 April 1961, by the United Nations Conference on Diplomatic Intercourse and Immunities held in Vienna, Austria, and first implemented on 24 April 1964. The same Conference also adopted the Optional Protocol concerning Acquisition of Nationality, the Optional Protocol concerning the Compulsory Settlement of Disputes, the Final Act and four resolutions annexed to that Act. One notable aspect which arose from the 1961 treaty was the establishment of the Holy See's diplomatic immunity status with other nations.
Two years later, the United Nations adopted a closely related treaty, the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations.
Summary of provisions
The Vienna Convention is an extensive document, containing 53 articles. The following is a basic overview of its key provisions.
The host nation at any time and for any reason can declare a particular member of the diplomatic staff to be persona non grata. The sending state must recall this person within a reasonable period of time, or otherwise this person may lose their diplomatic immunity (Article 9).
The premises of a diplomatic mission, diplomatic premiers are the houses of ambassadors and are inviolable and must not be entered by the host country except by permission of the head of the mission; likewise, the host country must never search the premises, may not seize its documents or property, and must protect the mission from intrusion or damage (Article 22). Article 30 extends this provision to the private residence of the diplomats.
The archives and documents of a diplomatic mission are inviolable and shall not be seized or opened by the host government (Article 24).
The host country must permit and protect free communication between the diplomats of the mission and their home country. A diplomatic bag must never be opened, even on suspicion of abuse, and a diplomatic courier must never be arrested or detained (Article 27).
Diplomats must not be liable to any form of arrest or detention, and the receiving state must make all efforts to protect their person and dignity (Article 29).
Diplomats are immune from the civil and criminal jurisdiction of the host state, with exceptions for professional activities outside the diplomat's official functions (Article 31). Article 32 permits sending states to waive this immunity.
Diplomatic missions are exempt from taxes (Article 34) and customs duties (Article 36).
Family members of diplomats living in the host country enjoy most of the same protections as the diplomats themselves (Article 37).
Optional protocols
The same year the treaty was adopted, two protocols were added as amendments; countries may ratify the main treaty without necessarily ratifying these optional agreements.
Concerning acquisition of nationality. The head of the mission, the staff of the mission, and their families, shall not acquire the nationality of the receiving country.
Concerning compulsory settlement of disputes. Disputes arising from the interpretation of this treaty may be brought before the International Court of Justice.
Countries can choose to recognize their embassies as sovereign territory
States parties to the convention
, there are 193 state parties to the Vienna Convention, including all UN member states – with the exceptions of Palau and South Sudan – and the UN observer states of the Holy See and State of Palestine. The Republic of China signed and ratified the convention on 18 April 1961 and 19 December 1969, respectively, prior to the UN granting China's seat to the People's Republic of China. There are no states that have signed the treaty but not ratified it.
See also
Vienna Convention on Consular Relations (1963)
Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (1969)
Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations (1986)
Vienna Conventions for a list of other conventions
Diplomatic immunity
Protection of Diplomats Convention
Precedence among European monarchies
References
Acta Universitatis Danubius. Relationes Internationales, Vol 9, No 1 (2016)
External links
Original text related to this article
Diplomatic Relations Protocols
The Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations 50th Anniversary Website Created by the 2011 VCDR 50th Anniversary Project
Introductory note by Eileen Denza, procedural history note and audiovisual material on the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations in the Historic Archives of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
Lecture by Eileen Denza entitled Diplomatic and Consular Law – Topical Issues in the Lecture Series of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
Lecture by John Dugard entitled Diplomatic Protection in the Lecture Series of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
Diplomatic immunity and protection treaties
Cold War treaties
Treaties drafted by the International Law Commission
Treaties concluded in 1961
Treaties entered into force in 1964
Treaties of the Kingdom of Afghanistan
Treaties of the People's Socialist Republic of Albania
Treaties of Algeria
Treaties of Andorra
Treaties of the People's Republic of Angola
Treaties of Argentina
Treaties of Armenia
Treaties of Australia
Treaties of Austria
Treaties of Azerbaijan
Treaties of the Bahamas
Treaties of Bahrain
Treaties of Bangladesh
Treaties of Barbados
Treaties of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic
Treaties of Belgium
Treaties of Belize
Treaties of the Republic of Dahomey
Treaties of Bhutan
Treaties of Bolivia
Treaties of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Treaties of Botswana
Treaties of the military dictatorship in Brazil
Treaties of Brunei
Treaties of the People's Republic of Bulgaria
Treaties of Burkina Faso
Treaties of Burundi
Treaties of the Kingdom of Cambodia (1953–1970)
Treaties of Cameroon
Treaties of Canada
Treaties of Cape Verde
Treaties of the Central African Republic
Treaties of Chad
Treaties of Chile
Treaties of the People's Republic of China
Treaties of Colombia
Treaties of the Comoros
Treaties of the Republic of the Congo
Treaties of Costa Rica
Treaties of Ivory Coast
Treaties of Croatia
Treaties of Cuba
Treaties of Cyprus
Treaties of the Czech Republic
Treaties of Czechoslovakia
Treaties of North Korea
Treaties of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (1964–1971)
Treaties of Denmark
Treaties of Djibouti
Treaties of Dominica
Treaties of the Dominican Republic
Treaties of Ecuador
Treaties of Egypt
Treaties of El Salvador
Treaties of Equatorial Guinea
Treaties of Eritrea
Treaties of Estonia
Treaties of the Derg
Treaties of Fiji
Treaties of Finland
Treaties of France
Treaties of Gabon
Treaties of the Gambia
Treaties of Georgia (country)
Treaties of West Germany
Treaties of East Germany
Treaties of Ghana
Treaties of the Kingdom of Greece
Treaties of Grenada
Treaties of Guatemala
Treaties of Guinea
Treaties of Guinea-Bissau
Treaties of Guyana
Treaties of Haiti
Treaties of the Holy See
Treaties of Honduras
Treaties of the Hungarian People's Republic
Treaties of Iceland
Treaties of India
Treaties of Indonesia
Treaties of Pahlavi Iran
Treaties of the Iraqi Republic (1958–1968)
Treaties of Ireland
Treaties of Israel
Treaties of Italy
Treaties of Jamaica
Treaties of Japan
Treaties of Jordan
Treaties of Kazakhstan
Treaties of Kenya
Treaties of Kiribati
Treaties of Kuwait
Treaties of Kyrgyzstan
Treaties of the Kingdom of Laos
Treaties of Latvia
Treaties of Lebanon
Treaties of Lesotho
Treaties of Liberia
Treaties of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Treaties of Liechtenstein
Treaties of Lithuania
Treaties of Luxembourg
Treaties of Madagascar
Treaties of Malawi
Treaties of Malaysia
Treaties of the Maldives
Treaties of Mali
Treaties of Malta
Treaties of the Marshall Islands
Treaties of Mauritania
Treaties of Mauritius
Treaties of Mexico
Treaties of the Federated States of Micronesia
Treaties of Monaco
Treaties of the Mongolian People's Republic
Treaties of Montenegro
Treaties of Morocco
Treaties of the People's Republic of Mozambique
Treaties of Myanmar
Treaties of Namibia
Treaties of Nauru
Treaties of Nepal
Treaties of the Netherlands
Treaties of New Zealand
Treaties of Nicaragua
Treaties of Niger
Treaties of Nigeria
Treaties of Norway
Treaties of Oman
Treaties of Pakistan
Treaties of the State of Palestine
Treaties of Panama
Treaties of Papua New Guinea
Treaties of Paraguay
Treaties of Peru
Treaties of the Philippines
Treaties of the Polish People's Republic
Treaties of the Estado Novo (Portugal)
Treaties of Qatar
Treaties of South Korea
Treaties of Moldova
Treaties of the Socialist Republic of Romania
Treaties of the Soviet Union
Treaties of Rwanda
Treaties of Samoa
Treaties of San Marino
Treaties of São Tomé and Príncipe
Treaties of Saudi Arabia
Treaties of Senegal
Treaties of Serbia and Montenegro
Treaties of Seychelles
Treaties of Sierra Leone
Treaties of Singapore
Treaties of Slovakia
Treaties of Slovenia
Treaties of the Somali Republic
Treaties of South Africa
Treaties of Francoist Spain
Treaties of Sri Lanka
Treaties of Saint Kitts and Nevis
Treaties of Saint Lucia
Treaties of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Treaties of the Democratic Republic of the Sudan
Treaties of Suriname
Treaties of Eswatini
Treaties of Sweden
Treaties of Switzerland
Treaties of Syria
Treaties of Tajikistan
Treaties of Thailand
Treaties of North Macedonia
Treaties of East Timor
Treaties of Togo
Treaties of Tonga
Treaties of Trinidad and Tobago
Treaties of Tunisia
Treaties of Turkey
Treaties of Turkmenistan
Treaties of Tuvalu
Treaties of Uganda
Treaties of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic
Treaties of the United Arab Emirates
Treaties of the United Kingdom
Treaties of Tanzania
Treaties of the United States
Treaties of Uruguay
Treaties of Uzbekistan
Treaties of Vanuatu
Treaties of Venezuela
Treaties of Vietnam
Treaties of South Vietnam
Treaties of the Yemen Arab Republic
Treaties of South Yemen
Treaties of Yugoslavia
Treaties of Zambia
Treaties of Zimbabwe
United Nations treaties
1961 in Austria
Treaties extended to Aruba
Treaties extended to the Netherlands Antilles
Treaties extended to the Faroe Islands
Treaties extended to Greenland
Treaties extended to Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla
Treaties extended to Bermuda
Treaties extended to the British Virgin Islands
Treaties extended to the Cayman Islands
Treaties extended to the Falkland Islands
Treaties extended to Gibraltar
Treaties extended to Montserrat
Treaties extended to the Pitcairn Islands
Treaties extended to Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Treaties extended to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Treaties extended to the Turks and Caicos Islands
Treaties extended to British Hong Kong
Treaties extended to Portuguese Macau
Treaties extended to West Berlin
Nick Sandow (born August 3, 1966) is an American actor, writer, producer and director, best known for their role as Joe Caputo in Orange Is the New Black.
Early life
Of Italian descent, Sandow grew up in the Italian neighborhood of Van Nest in the Bronx. They moved to Manhattan around age 19 to study acting under William Esper in the Two-Year Professional Actor Training Program and work in theater.
Career
Sandow has worked extensively in television guest starring on many television series such as Law & Order, Third Watch, NYPD Blue, Boardwalk Empire, and Blue Bloods. Their most notable acting role on Orange Is the New Black, as prison administrator Joseph Caputo, was originally supposed to have been for a handful of episodes for the shows first season, but their role was expanded during the second season and was made a series regular with the third season.
They began their directing career in theater on Off-Off-Broadway. In 2015 they wrote, directed and acted in The Wannabe. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and later got a wider release.
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
Halfway Home, Theatre at St. Clements, New York, 1999
Baptism By Fire, Studio Dante, New York City, 2004
Henry Flamethrow, Studio Dante, New York City, 2005 (Director)
References
External links
Movie Reviews
Living people
1966 births
American people of Italian descent
Male actors from New York City
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Television producers from New York City
Writers from the Bronx
American television directors
Exposition, Eaux-Fortes et Méandres is the 8th album released by the French darkwave band Collection d'Arnell Andréa. The concept for the album is based on pianist Modest Mussorgsky's 1874 Pictures at an Exhibition piano suite, which in Mussorgsky created 10 different piano songs based on Russian artist Viktor Hartmann. The majority of the tracks on Exposition, Eaux-Fortes et Méandres are based on 19th-century paintings. These paintings had darker themes and included works from Arnold Böcklin's Isle of the Dead, Edward Robert Hughes, and John Everett Millais's Ophelia. The album cover art and title track, Les Méandres, are based on Richard Boutin's 1999 painting Crepuscule sur la Loire. Boutin also photographed the band for the album's liner notes.
Style
The songs feature vocals, guitar, keyboards, cello, and viola, but also synthesizers and electronic beats. The style has been compared to the Cocteau Twins and Dark Sanctuary.
Track listing
"Les Sombres Plis de l'âme" – 4:40
"The Monk on the Shore" – 6:18
"Les Herbes mortes" – 6:16
"Les Méandres" – 6:09
"The Long Shadow" – 4:53
"I Can't See Your Face" – 6:07
"Les Catacombes" – 4:00
"Into Flowers" – 5:33
"Crowns of Golden Corn" – 4:03
"L'Eau des mauves" – 5:14
"The Island of the Dead" – 5:07
Credits
Musicians
Chloé St Liphard : Voices
Carine Grieg : Keyboards
Thibault d'Aboville : Viola, Voices
Jean-Chrisophe d'Arnell : Keyboards, drums, Voices
Xavier Gaschignard : Cello
Vincent Magnien : Guitars
Franz Torres-Quevedo : Bass guitar, Voices
Graphic artists
Christophe Poly : liner notes
Vincent Lacape : liner notes, band photo
Richard Boutin : cover art, band photo
Production
Pierre-Emmanuel Meriaud (Studio Nyima) : engineering, mixing and programming
Terence (Studio Nyima) : mastering
References
External links
Album description on CDAA website
2007 albums
Dark wave albums
Collection d'Arnell-Andréa albums
Arivumathi born Mathiazhagan is an Indian poet, lyricist and writer who has worked in the Tamil film industry. Their first movie as lyricist was Siraichalai.
Early life
Arivumathi was born in Virudhachalam, Tamil Nadu. They changed their name to Arivumathi combining their friends first name Arivazhagan as "Arivu" and their own first name "Mathi" together called as Arivumathi, they made this as paying respect to their friend who studied with them in their college. They studied Epigraphy and Archaeology in Chennai. Before turning into a lyricist they were working as assistant director to many legendary directors like Bharathiraja, Balu Mahendra and Bhagyaraj.
Career
They began their career from poet Abdul Rahman from whom they learnt the art of writing Haiku poems.
They began their career in film industry as assistant director to Bhagyaraj working with them for four films. Later they joined Balu Mahendra as assistant director and worked with them for nine films. They introduced Bala a new face to Balu Mahendra to assist them and left to begin their new project as director. They were originally supposed to make their directorial debut with Ullen Ayya however the film was shelved. They joined again as assistant director to Bharathiraja and worked for films like Pudhu Nellu Pudhu Naathu and Kizhakku Cheemaiyile.Eventually they become dialogue writer and lyricist in their debut film Chiraisalai.
Filmography
Lyricist
Television
2003 Salanam
2003 Roja
Dialogue writer
Siraichaalai (1996)
Other Works
Books
Mazhai Pechu
Natpu Kalam
Muthirai Kavithaigal
Vali (Kavidhai Thoguppu)
Thamizh Murugan
Ayulin Anthivarai
Awards
1999: Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Lyricist - Kizhakkum Merkkum
2011: Ananda Vikatan Cinema Awards for Best Lyricist - Sadhurangam
References
Tamil film poets
Indian male poets
Indian lyricists
Poets from Tamil Nadu
21st-century Indian poets
21st-century Indian male writers
Tamil-language lyricists
Halls Corner is an unincorporated community in Kings County, California. It is located north-northwest of Lemoore, at an elevation of . Hall's Corner is the intersection of California State Route 41 and Grangeville Boulevard. David Hall built a store on the southeast corner.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kings County, California
Lemoore, California
Unincorporated communities in California
The New Aesthetic is a term, coined by James Bridle, used to refer to the increasing appearance of the visual language of digital technology and the Internet in the physical world, and the blending of virtual and physical. The phenomenon has been around for a long time but James Bridle articulated the notion through a series of talks and observations. The term gained wider attention following a panel at the SXSW conference in 2012.
History
Developing from a series of collections of digital objects that have become located in the physical, the movement circulates around a blog named "The New Aesthetic" and which has defined the broad contours of the movement without a manifesto. The New Aesthetic as a concept was introduced at South By South West (SXSW) on March 12, 2012, at a panel organised by James Bridle and included Aaron Cope, Ben Terrett, Joanne McNeil and Russell Davies.
An article by Bruce Sterling in Wired Magazine propelled the ideas around the New Aesthetic into critical and public consciousness. Sterling's article described the concept's main outlines but also proposed some key critical areas for development. The subsequent response from across the web was rapid and engaged with a number of significant contemporaneous contributions.
The author Bruce Sterling has said of the New Aesthetic:
The “New Aesthetic” is a native product of modern network culture. It's from London, but it was born digital, on the Internet. The New Aesthetic is a “theory object” and a “shareable concept.”
The New Aesthetic is “collectively intelligent.” It's diffuse, crowdsourcey, and made of many small pieces loosely joined. It is rhizomatic, as the people at Rhizome would likely tell you. It's open-sourced, and triumph-of-amateurs. It's like its logo, a bright cluster of balloons tied to some huge, dark and lethal weight.
Matthew Battles, a contributor to metalab, a project of the Berkman Center for Internet and Society, gives a definition that makes reference to purported paradigmatic examples:
New Aesthetic is a collaborative attempt to draw a circle around several species of aesthetic activity—including but not limited to drone photography, ubiquitous surveillance, glitch imagery, Streetview photography, 8-bit net nostalgia. Central to the New Aesthetic is a sense that we're learning to “wave at machines”—and that perhaps in their glitchy, buzzy, algorithmic ways, they're beginning to wave back in earnest.
One of the more substantive contributions to the notion of the New Aesthetic has been through a development of, and linking to, the way in which the digital and the everyday are increasingly interpenetrating each other. Here, the notion of the unrepresentability of computation, as both an infrastructure and an ecology, are significant in understanding the common New Aesthetic tendency towards pixelated graphics and a retro 8-bit form. This is related to the idea of an episteme (or ontotheology) identified with relation to computation and computational ways of seeing and doing: computationality.
Michael Betancourt has discussed the New Aesthetic in relation to digital automation. The ‘new aesthetic' provides a reference point for the examination of Karl Marx's discussion of machines in ‘The Fragment on Machines.'
The 'new aesthetic' documents is the shift from earlier considerations of machine labor as an amplifier and extension of human action -- as an augmentation of human labor -- to its replacement by models where the machine does not augment but supplant, in the process apparently removing the human intermediary that is the labor that historically lies between the work of human designer-engineers and fabrication following their plans.
According to Betancourt, the New Aesthetic documents a shift in production that is different than that described by Marx. Where the machines Marx described were dependent on human control, those identified with the New Aesthetic work to supplant the human element, replacing it with digital automation, effectively removing living labor from the production process.
References
Further reading
Berry, David M. "Computationality and the New Aesthetic," Imperica (2012)
Bridle, James. "The New Aesthetic: Waving at the Machines" (2011) Waving at the Machines
Bridle, James. "The New Aesthetic and its Politics" (2013)
Contreras-Koterbay, Scott and Mirocha, Łukasz. "The new aesthetic and art: constellations of the postdigital" (2016)
Sterling, Bruce. "An Essay on the New Aesthetic," Beyond The Beyond, Wired (2012)
External links
New Aesthetic, New Anxieties, a book critically exploring the New Aesthetic
The New Aesthetic and Art: Constellations of the Postdigital, a book exploring the New Aesthetic and art
New-Aesthetic, a Tumblr blog documenting examples of the New Aesthetic
Pixel Pour, Example of 8-bit retro representation
Computer Vision Makeup, CV Dazzle
Waving at the Machines, a keynote presentation by James Bridle on the key ideas of the New Aesthetic
James Bridle: The Drone Shadow Catcher, The New Yorker on James Bridle's drone projects
Visual arts genres
Benazir is a Hindi film released in 1964, Starring Ashok Kumar, Meena Kumari, Shashi Kapoor and Tanuja. Directed by S.Khalil and music by Sachin Dev Burman.
Storyline
Benazir, a Muslim family drama, revolves around the film's key characters, Nawab, Anwar, Sahida and Benazir, among others. Nawab and Anwar are brothers who live in an upper-class neighborhood. Nawab is married and has a child. A bachelor, Anwar on seeing Sahida falls in love with them and proposes marriage to them Although married, Nawab has an affair with Benazir, and keeps them as their mistress. The story takes a twist when Shauket, a family friend, tells Nawab that Anwar frequently sees Benazir. Nawab is furious when one day they see Benazir in Anwar's arms.  They are at a loss as to why their younger brother is seeing their mistress, when they are already in love with Sahida.
Review
Although Shashi Kapoor as Anwar and Tanuja as Sahida only make brief appearances, they have done justice to their roles as a beautiful young cheerful pair.
The music of Bimal Roy's Benazir scored by the legendary S. D. Burman is praise-worthy and a special mention should be made of the song, "Mil jaa re jaan-e-jaana".
Cast
Ashok Kumar - Nawab
Meena Kumari - Benazir
Shashi Kapoor - Anwar
Tanuja - Shahida
Nirupa Roy - Nawab's wife
Durga Khote
Asit Sen
Tarun Bose - Shauket
Soundtrack
The soundtrack includes the following tracks, composed by Sachin Dev Burman with lyrics penned by Shakeel Badayuni.
References
1964 films
1960s Hindi-language films
Films scored by S. D. Burman
Edward Burt may refer to:
Edmund Burt (died 1755), also known as Edward, Scottish military figure, engineer and author
Edward Angus Burt (1859–1939), American mycologist
Edward David Burt (born c. 1979), Premier of Bermuda
Nina Koivumäki (born July 23, 1985 in Pori) is a Finnish judoka, who played for the lightweight category.  They are a five-time national champion, and a three-time medalist at the European Junior Championships.  They are a member of Tampereen Judo Club in Tampere, and is coached and trained by Tapio Mantymaki.
Koivumaki qualified for the women's half-lightweight class (57 kg) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, by placing fifth from the 2007 World Judo Championships in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. They reached only into the second preliminary round, where they lost by two yukos to China's Xu Yan. Because their opponent advanced further into the semi-finals, Koivumaki offered another shot for the bronze medal by defeating Algeria's Lila Latrous, with a koka and a golden score, in the first repechage bout. Unfortunately, they finished only in ninth place, after losing out the second repechage bout to Japan's Aiko Sato, who successfully scored an ippon and a yoko shiho gatame (seven mat holds), in three minutes.
References
External links
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Finnish female judoka
Living people
Olympic judoka of Finland
Judoka at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Pori
1985 births
The 1925 Santa Barbara earthquake hit the area of Santa Barbara, California on June 29, with a moment magnitude between 6.5 and 6.8 and a maximum Mercalli Intensity of IX (Violent). It resulted in 13 deaths and destroyed the historic center of the city, with damage estimated at $8 million (about $111 million in 2017).
Earthquake
Although no foreshocks were reported felt before the mainshock, a pressure gauge recording card at the local waterworks showed disturbances beginning at 3:27 a.m., which were likely caused by foreshocks. At 6:44 a.m. the mainshock occurred which lasted 19 seconds. The epicenter of the earthquake was located in the sea off the coast of Santa Barbara, in the Santa Barbara Channel. The fault on which it occurred appears to have been an extension of the Mesa fault or the Santa Ynez system. The earthquake was felt from Paso Robles (San Luis Obispo County) to the north to Santa Ana (Orange County) to the south and to Mojave (Kern County) to the east.
Damage
Major damage occurred in the city of Santa Barbara and along the coast, as well as north of Santa Ynez Mountains, including Santa Ynez and Santa Maria valleys.
Though thirteen people died, it may have been far worse without the actions of three heroes, who shut off the town gas and electricity preventing a catastrophic fire. Most homes survived the earthquake in relatively good condition, although nearly every chimney in the city crumbled. The downtown of Santa Barbara was destroyed. Only a few buildings along State Street, the main commercial street, remained standing after the earthquake. The City Cab building and The Californian and Arlington garages, all large and fully occupied parking structures, collapsed full with cars. Many other vehicles were crushed in the downtown area. At least one death resulted when a driver near the San Marcos building was crushed as walls of buildings fell onto cars parked there.
In the business district, an area of about 36 blocks, only a few structures were not substantially damaged, and many had to be completely demolished and rebuilt. The facade of the church of the Mission Santa Barbara was severely damaged and lost its statues. Many important buildings, including hotels, offices, and the Potter Theater, were lost. The courthouse, jail, library, schools, and churches were among the buildings sustaining serious damage. Concrete curbs buckled in almost every block in Santa Barbara. Pavement on the boulevard along the beach was displaced by about , but the pavement in the downtown generally was not damaged.
The earthen Sheffield Dam had been built near the city in 1917. It was long and high and held 30 million US gallons (114 million liters) of water. The soil under the dam liquefied during the earthquake and the dam collapsed. This was the only dam to fail during an earthquake in the US until the Lower Van Norman Dam failed in 1971. When it burst, a wall of water swept between Voluntario and Alisos Streets destroying trees, cars, three houses and flooding the lower part of town to a depth of .
The Southern Pacific Company Railroad tracks were damaged in several places between Ventura and Gaviota. In particular, a portion between Naples and Santa Barbara was badly damaged and displaced. Seaside bluffs fell into the ocean, and a slight tsunami was noted by offshore ships. The town was completely cut off from telephone and telegraph, and news from the outside world arrived by shortwave radio. The absence of post-earthquake fire permitted scientists to study earthquake damage to various types of construction.
The American Legion and the Naval Reserves from the Naval Reserve Center Santa Barbara helped provide order amidst the chaos and manned posts and provided patrols throughout the town to inhibit looting of the damaged businesses and homes. Additional fire and police personnel arrived from as far as Los Angeles to assist the sailors and soldiers in maintaining order.
Aftershocks
Three strong aftershocks occurred in the next few hours, though none causing any additional damage, with events occurring at 8:08, 10:45, and 10:57 am, and many smaller shocks continued throughout the day. An aftershock on July 3 caused additional cracked walls and damaged chimneys.
Aftermath
Since the downtown of Santa Barbara suffered irreparable damage, there was a large-scale construction effort in 1925 and 1926 aimed at removing or repairing damaged structures and constructing new buildings. This development completely altered the character of the city center. Before the earthquake, a considerable part of the center was built in the Moorish Revival style. After the earthquake, the decision was made to rebuild it in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. This effort was undertaken by the Santa Barbara Community Arts Association, which was founded in the beginning of the 1920s and viewed the earthquake as the opportunity to rebuild the city center in the unified architectural style.
Many architects were invited to design the building facades, among them James Osborne Craig, George Washington Smith, Carleton Winslow, Bertram Goodhue, and Winsor Soule. Lionel Pries spent a year in Santa Barbara. As a result, many buildings later listed on National Register of Historic Places were designed in the late 1920s, among them the Santa Barbara County Courthouse and the front of the Andalucia Building.
Building codes in Santa Barbara were made more stringent after the earthquake demonstrated that traditional construction techniques of unreinforced concrete, brick, and masonry were unsafe and unlikely to survive strong temblors.
Almost a century later, in 2017, an AI program mistakenly sent out alerts about the historic quake due to an engineer updating the quake's epicenter in the program's records.
See also
List of earthquakes in 1925
List of earthquakes in California
List of earthquakes in the United States
History of Santa Barbara, California
References
Sources
Further reading
Palmer, Christine. "The 1925 Santa Barbara Earthquake: A 75th Anniversary Commemoration". Noticias, vol. 46, no. 2, summer 2000. Santa Barbara Historical Society.
External links
1925 Santa Barbara Earthquake Survivor interview
Views of Earthquake Damage in Santa Barbara, California 1925, finding aid and online photo collection, Bancroft Library, University of California, Berkeley
M 6.8 – 14 km SSE of Isla Vista, CA – United States Geological Survey
Santa Barbara Earthquake
Santa Barbara Earthquake
1925
History of Santa Barbara County, California
1925 natural disasters in the United States
20th century in California
History of Santa Barbara, California
Dugumenu Island is an island in Papua New Guinea. It is a member of the Marshall Bennett Islands and therefore belongs to Milne Bay Province. The island is about 180 hectares in area and uninhabited, but islanders from nearby Kwaiwatta and Gawa islands use Dugumenu for coconut production and probably fishing.
References
Woodlark Islands
Islands of Milne Bay Province
Khaleja ( or ) is a 2010 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film written and directed by Trivikram Srinivas. The film stars Mahesh Babu, Anushka Shetty and Prakash Raj, while Shafi , Sunil, Brahmanandam and Ali play supporting roles. The plot follows Raju (Babu), a cab driver who gets hailed as God in a remote village and ends up facing GK (Raj), a powerful industrialist, to save the village. The film deals with illegal-mining in India, and related environmental damage. It marks Babu's return as an actor after a three-year hiatus in their second collaboration with Trivikram after Athadu.
The film is released on 7 October 2010. The film won two Filmfare South awards for Best Male Playback Singer and Best Lyricist. The film was listed in the Film Companion "25 Greatest Telugu Films of the Decade."
Plot
A remote village named Pali in Andhra Pradesh is struck by an unknown disease, with several villagers dying each month. The village tantrik predicts a powerful man will come to their rescue as God. They assign their assistant Siddhappa with the duty to find a man with such supernatural power and bring them to their village.
A Gemini TV reporter named Babji arrives at Rajasthan to shoot a travel documentary where they come across Alluri Seetharama Raju aka Raju, a short-tempered cab driver. Raju introduces themselves to Babji and tells them the reason for them being in Rajasthan. Raju met a woman named Subhashini, whom they consider as bad luck to him, as they created a never-ending disaster for them and their cab. Later, they drive a scientist and their assistant to the Geological Survey office. Whilst returning a wallet to the scientist, Raju unwittingly witnesses the scientist and their assistant getting murdered, the latter of whom falls on and damages their cab. Raju's employer tasks them to deliver the cheque of to the assistant, Bilavar Singh's family in Girdwala, Rajasthan and get in return to pay for the damages.
Meanwhile, Subhashini's father, sugarcane business person Durga Prasad, brings them a match, the son of their business partner named GK. The main reason for the proposal is to establish a strong project between Durga Prasad and GK. GK's son takes Subhashini to Rajasthan for a date. However, Subhashini runs away after they see a packet of condoms from GK's son's pocket. GK finds out about it, informs Prasad and promises to bring Subhashini back. They send their henchman Govardhan to Rajasthan in search of Subhashini. To Raju's dismay, Subhashini finds them and Babji and learns that they are in Rajasthan. Subhashini, Babji, Raju, and a botanist named Tom Cruise find Girdwala and hand the cheque to Bilavar's family, but Raju refuses to ask for the upon seeing the family's poverty.
Tom is forced to remain in the village as the villagers want to punish them for cutting a sentimental plant. Babji goes away with their shooting team but does not offer them a ride as they are scared of Subhashini's antics. As Raju and Subhashini wait for the bus to leave Girdwala, Govardhan's men stab Raju and take Subhashini after knocking them unconscious. However, Raju survives and kills almost all of Govardhan's men, while Govardhan themselves escapes from the scenario, leaving Subhashini behind. Just as Raju goes unconscious, Sidhappa discovers them after all the omens the Tantrik predicts come true. Sidhappa and Subhashini take Raju to Pali, where the villagers treat their wounds.
After waking up, they find all of the villagers praising them as their God, much to their dismay. They find out from Subhashini that they are in Pali and that the villagers see them as the supernatural godsend that the Tantrik described and who will rescue the village. After a medical camp that is set up to help the villagers is ordered to shut down on GK's orders, Raju fights the men sent to quell unrest and unwittingly revives a dead girl, solidifying the villagers' belief in their powers. Initially reluctant to help them out, Raju escapes to Hyderabad, where they hand over Subhashini to their father.
After realizing that Tom and Siddappa followed them to Hyderabad, Raju tests their fate and realizes the concept of deityhood. Deciding to solve the mystical series of deaths in the village they and Tom track down the doctor who had the medical camp closed, the dean of the medical college who signed the closure order and Govardhan. Raju interrogates them and discovers that the plastic factory in Pali deposits its wastes in the drinking water source nearby, thus contaminating and killing the villagers.
Interrogating Durga Prasad's lawyer Miriyam, Raju finds out that GK wanted Subhashni and their son married so that they could use Prasad's sugarcane to create plastic. Encountering the scientist's assistant, Raju forces them to reveal the truth, that the scientist, Dr Paranji had stopped at Girdwal, and discovered the idol of Krishna they worshipped to be made of iridium, a valuable metal. Tracing its origin back to Pali, Paranji reported their findings to GK, who planned to mine the iridium for their own profit but couldn't convince Paranji to side with him. Warning them that it would not end well for them if they tried to go public, GK decided to use the villagers's superstitions against them and make them voluntarily vacate the village so that they could mine the iridium without any issue.
Despite GK's warning to Paranji not to reveal it to anybody else, Praranji tries to inform the Geological Survey about the deposits, which was why they and Bilavar, who was with him, were killed that day. GK also decided to dispose of Raju as they were an unexpected witness. GK lured Raju to Girdwala under the cover of delivering the insurance cheque to Bilavar's family, which was planted and was attacked by Govardhan. GK needed the strong plasticglass from the plastic factory to pack the iridium.
GK kills their assistant and Govardhan for their failures. They then heads to Pali to kill all the villagers before the truth goes out to the public. The Tantrik warns GK that their greed would be their downfall, that Raju would save the villagers and bring death to GK, and keep Pali's population at 534, not letting any more die in the process. Raju arrives at Pali along with Sidhappa. GK shoots and kills Sidhappa, reducing the population to 533. Before dying, Siddhappa dies peacefully in Raju's arms. Enraged, Raju massacres GK's men and severs GK's palm. A terrified GK tries to run with Raju in pursuit. Raju catches up to him, and GK dies when a religious knife hanging from a nearby tree falls and stabs them in the neck after Raju curses them to die. The Tantrik reveals that Raju fulfilled their mission as God to save the village because although Sidhappa was killed, another baby was born to keep the village's population at 534. A new flag is being raised in the honor of child's birth.
Cast
Music
The soundtrack was composed by Mani Sharma. The music was released on 27 September 2010. The starcast of the movie, including Mahesh Babu, actor Anushka Shetty, music director Mani Sharma and director Trivikram Srinivas released the audio at Radio Mirchi FM radio station in the Hyderabad. Mahesh Babu's wife Namrata Shirodkar was also present. The album contains six songs and the lyrics are written by Ramajogayya Sastry and Sirivennela Sitaramasastri.
Reception
Sify rated 3 out of 5 explained "No doubt, Mahesh is the cynosure of the movie, shouldering the entire responsibility." MSN rated 3 out of 5 and described the film as "just an above average venture", commenting, "Mahesh Khaleja is worth a watch for Mahesh's strong screen presence and charisma. Mahesh carries off their role with elan and looks superb too. Anushka looks pretty but doesn't share a good on-screen chemistry with Mahesh. The first half of the film is dull. It does pick up pace in the second half but the narration is inconsistent and tedious. The climax is little better. Rediff gave a 3 out of 5 rating and noted "The duo of Mahesh-Trivikram delivers a product that is watchable, entertaining with good humour, a couple of well-orchestrated action sequences and songs and with a bit to take home as well. It's Mahesh's show all the way, much to the delight of their fans. Mahesh is the soul of the movie, be it their dialogue delivery, their action, their dances or emotions, they are effortless.
CNN-IBN gave a mixed review stating "The movie is all about Mahesh Babu and they occupy almost every frame in the movie. Back after a gap of 4 years, Mahesh looks great with stylish costumes. The movie deals with a serious theme but director Trivikram Srinivas mixes it with a lot of unnecessary situational comedy which dilutes the intensity of the movie."
Awards
Filmfare Awards South
Won
Best Lyricist – Telugu: Ramajogayya Sastry – "Sada Siva"
Best Male Playback Singer – Telugu: Ramesh Vinayagam & N. C. Karunya – "Sada Siva"
Nominated
Best Supporting Actor – Telugu – Shafi
Notes
References
External links
Indian action films
Films about mining
2010s road movies
Indian road movies
Works about mining
Films set in Rajasthan
Films shot in Rajasthan
Films directed by Trivikram Srinivas
Indian films based on actual events
Films scored by Mani Sharma
2010 action films
2010 films
2010s Telugu-language films
Films shot in Maharashtra
Harry Conrad Gahn (April 26, 1880 – November 2, 1962) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1921 to 1923.
Life and career
Born in Elmore, Ohio, Gahn attended the public schools.
They taught school three years.
They were graduated from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1904.
They were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Cleveland, Ohio.
Attorney for the Cleveland Legal Aid Society 1909-1911.
They served as member of the city council 1910-1921, serving as its president in 1918 and 1919.
They served as member of the Cleveland River and Harbor Commission 1911-1921.
Treasurer of the American Association of Port Authorities 1912-1919.
They were in charge of Liberty Loan campaigns in their district during the First World War.
Gahn was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1921 – March 3, 1923).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1922 to the Sixty-eighth Congress and for election in 1936 to the Seventy-fifth Congress.
They resumed the practice of their profession.
They served as solicitor for Independence, Ohio from 1936 to 1956.
They died in Cleveland, Ohio, November 2, 1962.
They were interred in the Harris-Elmore Union Cemetery, Elmore, Ottawa County, Ohio.
Gahn was a member of the Masons and Knights of Pythias.
Sources
1880 births
1962 deaths
Cleveland City Council members
People from Ottawa County, Ohio
Lawyers from Cleveland
Ohio lawyers
University of Michigan Law School alumni
20th-century American politicians
People from Elmore, Ohio
20th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Greek raid on Alexandria was an unsuccessful attempt organized by Greek bruloteer Konstantinos Kanaris to destroy the Egyptian fleet at its base in Alexandria in 1825 during the Greek War of Independence.
In February 1825, an Egyptian army under the command of Ibrahim Pasha had landed in the Morea, and inflicted a series of defeats on the Greeks. Kanaris decided if they could destroy the Egyptian fleet, they would cut off Ibrahim Pasha from being supplied from Egypt.
On August 4, 1825, a Greek force consisting of two warships and three fire ships sailed from Hydra, under the overall command of Emmanouil Tombazis on the corvette Themistocles, the other ships being the brig of Kriezis, two Hydriot fireships (under Antonios Vokos and Manolis Boutis) and Kanaris' own Psarian fire ship. The Greek fire ships under the command of Kanaris entered the Alexandria harbor while flying the flags of Russia, Austria and the Ionian islands.
Once inside, the wind suddenly changed direction, rending a fire ship attack almost impossible and the one ship that did strike the Egyptian fleet was pushed away by the Egyptians before it could engulf the Egyptian ship in flames. Had it not been for the sudden change of the wind, Kanaris's three fireships would strike the closely packed Egyptian fleet and might have inflicted much damage. The rest of the Greek ships had to make an escape while under heavy Egyptian fire as both the Egyptian ships and shore batteries brought down a heavy cannonade. Alexandria harbour lit up with cannon fire, but the Egyptian gunners were not accurate and all of the Greek ships escaped. Mohammad Ali the Great, the wali (governor) of Egypt was highly furious about the escape of Kanaris's force. The American doctor Samuel Gridley Howe wrote about the raid: "Such, such are the few men who redeem the Grecian character, they shine like diamonds among filth, they are brave, disinterested, enlightened patriots, who are willing and ready to die for their country. Oh, it delights me to think of it". Though Kanaris and the rest of the Greek fleet displayed much bravery, the raid was a fiasco.
References
Conflicts in 1825
Alexandria
Alexandria
Battles involving the Ottoman Empire
Battles involving Ottoman Egypt
1825 in Greece
August 1825 events
Military raids
The Barony of Lundie is a Scottish feudal Crown barony created during the reign of King David II for John Iles, Baron of Lundie granting them the lands and title of the Baron of Lundie. In June 1489 King James IV confirmed to Andrew, Lord Gray, the lands and Barony of Lundie. A notable holder of the Barony title was Admiral Adam Duncan who led the British fleet to victory against the combined Dutch and French fleet at the Battle of Camperdown in 1797. The title and rights of the Barony of Lundie are currently held by Craig Ward.
Lundie
Lundie is a small village in Angus, Scotland at the head of the Dighty valley in the Sidlaws, north west of Dundee in Scotland. It is surrounded by several lochs and hills. The area is known for its beautiful walks around the local hills of Lundie Craigs. The name 'Lundie' is Gaelic in origin and may be derived from 'Linn dhu' meaning the 'black pool' or from 'Linn de' meaning the 'pool of God'.
History of the Barony of Lundie
1300 to 1400
The Barony of Lundie is a medieval Barony dating from - . During the reign of King David II (1329-1371) John Iles held the Baron of Lundie [RGS.I.App.21370 and 21]. By the time of King Robert III (1390-1406) the tile was held by a Robert Lyall [RGS.APP2.16-1762].
In June 1489 King James IV granted to Andrew, Lord Gray the lands and Barony of Lundie which had been forfeited by Robert, the 2nd Lord Lyall. During the reign of King James III of Scotland, Lord Lyall had been a Privy Councillor and an ambassador to England. In 1488 was appointed as the Great Judiciary of Scotland. They joined however a group of nobles seeking to revenge the murder of King James III and was then considered to be a rebel, hence the forfeiture. By 6 May 1495, the Lyalls had regained royal favour and King James IV granted Robert Lyall, son and heir apparent of Robert, Lord Lyall, the lands and Barony of Lundie.
1500 to 1600
The Barony of Lundie was lost by the Lyalls on 9 May 1512 when King James IV granted Grissel Beaton, daughter of David Beaton of Creich, the life rent of the lands and Barony of Lundie in Forfarshire RGS.II.3843]. After Grissel Beaton the Barony was possessed by a branch of the Campbell Clan and remained in their hands until the late seventeenth century.
John, Lord Lyall, transferred the lands and Barony of Lundie, with its mill, castle, and manor to Sir John Campbell and their spouse Isobel Gray, in 1539. This was confirmed by Mary, Queen of Scots, on 12 October 1545. They were High Treasurer of Scotland in the reign of James V. It is believed that they were instrumental in restructuring the castle at Lundie. RGS.III.3177].
On 28 May 1583, King James VI granted Colin Campbell, Earl of Argyll, Lord Campbell, and Lord Lorne, and their wife Lady Anne Keith, Countess of Moray, the lands and Barony of Lundie, Forfarshire, which James Campbell of Lundie had resigned. [RGS.V. 574].
King James VI confirmed a charter of Colin Campbell, Baron of Lundie granting their wife Lady Mary Campbell, Countess of Menteith, various lands lying in the Barony of Lundie, on 3 August 1614 [RGS.VII.1102].
Colin Campbell of Lundie was created a baronet of Nova Scotia on 13 December 1627, this title descended to their son and eventually to the Dukes of Argyll. Sir Colin Campbell of Lundie married secondly to Lady Jean Stirling and are mentioned in a charter dated 10 July 1630 and in several sasines dating from 1631. [NRS.RS38.S1.VIII.33]
Sir Colin died and in 1634 King Charles I granted Archibald Campbell, Lord Lorne, the land and Barony of Lundie [RGS.IX.7].
Archibald was only the Baron of Lundie briefly as the following year they resigned it to the Crown and it was then granted to James Campbell, Lord of Kintyre, [RGS.IX.625].
The Wars of the Three Kingdoms (1638-1651) saw Campbell of Lundie as a cavalry officer taking an active role. On 28 March 1642, King Charles I created James, Lord Kintyre, second son of Archibald, Earl of Argyll, as the Earl of Irvine and Lord of Lundie [RGS.IX.1117].
Following the execution of King Charles I Lundie supported the claim of their son. In the Battle of Dunbar (1650) they led a troop of sixty cavalrymen against Oliver Cromwell's Parliamentary Army. During the period of the Commonwealth period the lands of Lundie appear forfeited, returned later to the Campbells after the monarchy's restoration.
On 20 July 1663 the Barony of Lundie of Forfarshire was granted to Colin Campbell eldest son of George Campbell of Carsgownie [SIG1.22.128]. Following the death of Colin Campbell, Baron of Lundie their lands and title were succeeded by their son also called Colin on the on 23 April 1674. Colin Campbell, Baron of Lundie was succeeded by a member of the Duncan family. The Duncan family were prominent merchants and burgesses of Dundee during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
William Duncan of Seasyde was born in 1652[This date must be incorrect because Alexander Duncan, who married Anna Drummond in 1673, was baptised at Dundee in 1653.] . They were a leading merchant and burgess of Dundee and father of Alexander Duncan. Their testament was confirmed with the Commissariot of Brechin 11 September 1678. Their son Alexander Duncan was also a merchant and Provost in Dundee from 1681 to 1689. The lands and Barony of Lundie passed to them during the 1670s. On 31 July 1686 they and their wife Anna Drummond of Megginch were officially granted the Barony of Lundie. [NRS.SIG1.41.7] & [NRS.Rand S38.S3.V.352].
In 1696 Alexander Duncan, Baron of Lundie died. Their wife, Ann Drummond died in 1693. The testaments of Alexander Duncan of Lundie were confirmed with the Commissariot of Brechin on 5 November 1696 and on 23 August 1707. Their son Alexander succeeded on the death of their father in 1696 to the Barony of Lundie. They too are a merchant burgess of Dundee and married to Isobel, daughter of Sir Patrick Murray of Auchtertyre. Alexander Duncan of Lundie in 1704 was granted the lands of Gourdie and the lands of Wester Keith in 1707. [RGS.80.92; 83.58].
1700 to 1800
During the Jacobite Rising of 1715, Alexander actively supported the Hanoverians. This resulted in them being appointed Deputy Constable of the burgh and Deputy Lieutenant of Forfarshire in 1715-1716 NRS.GD45.15.47.
. Alexander Duncan, Baron of Lundie, died in Lundie Castle on 2 January 1719. They had two sons Alexander, who succeeded to Lundie, and William physician to King George II. In September 1723, Alexander Duncan succeeded their father as Baron of Lundie. They were also a merchant burgess and Provost of Dundee from 1717 to 1719. They married Helen, daughter of John Haldane of Gleneagles [NRS.RS35.XI.68].
Alexander Duncan and their wife Helen Haldane had two sons Alexander and Adam. Alexander, the elder son, succeeded to the lands and Barony of Lundie on their father's death in 1777. Alexander, the eldest son, was a British Army officer. On 6 August 1766, Alexander Duncan, a Lieutenant Colonel in the 55th Regiment of Foot was granted the lands of Dryburgh near Dundee [RGS.109.33].
Alexander fought in the British Army during the American War of Independence. In 1772 a signature of the lands of Lundie was granted to Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Duncan [SIG1.49.35][RGS.113.36]. Documents dated 1783 make reference to Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Duncan of Lundie in sasines. They died at Lundie on 31 August 1796 and their brother Admiral Adam Duncan (Royal Navy) succeeded to the estate of Lundie on 20 December 1796 [NRS.SIG2.35.226].
In 1797 Admiral Adam Duncan led the British fleet to victory against the combined Dutch and French fleet at the Battle of Camperdown (11 October 1797). They were created Baron Duncan of Lundie and Viscount Duncan of Camperdown. Admiral Duncan died in 1804 and was succeeded by their son Robert.
[NRS.GD68.2.131].
Viscount Robert Haldane Duncan of Lundie succeeded their uncle Alexander Duncan of Lundie in January 1812. In 1831 they were created 1st Earl Camperdown of Lundie. They died in 1859 and was succeeded by their son Adam.
Adam Haldane-Duncan, born 25 March 1812 in Edinburgh, was educated at Eton and at Trinity College, Cambridge. They married Juliana Cavendish Philips. Adam was a politician and a Member of Parliament from 1837 until 1854, on the death of their father they became the 2nd Earl of Camperdown, and from 1859 they were in the House of Lords where they served as a Junior Lord of the Treasury. Adam died on 30 January 1867 and was succeeded by their son Robert [RGS.132.62.64]
Robert Haldane-Duncan ( 3rd Earl Camperdown) was born on 28 May 1841 and was educated at Eton and Baliol College, Oxford. They too followed a political career as a Liberal and as a government whip during the Gladstone administration, also a Lord of the Admiralty. They were granted an honorary doctorate from the University of St Andrews and was President of University College, Dundee. On their death on 5 June 1918, as they were unmarried, the lands and titles went to their younger brother George [NRS.CS46.1889.11/46]. George Haldane-Duncan was born on 5 December 1845. In 1888 they married Louisa Dove Blanchard and settled in Boston, Massachusetts, where they died in 1933 aged 88.
From 1900
George became the 4th Earl of Camperdown aged 73. As they had no children the house and estate passed to a cousin Georgina, Dowager Duchess of Buckinghamshire. They died in March 1937. In April 1952 to title of Barony of Lundie and lands came to Thomas Farrar of Camperdown.
The present Baron of Lundie
The Barony title and rights passed in June 2017 to Craig Ward.  They are a solicitor and author.
References
Sources
Peskett, H. Consultant Editor for Scotland, Burke's Peerage, Baronetage & Knightage. Burke's Peerage (107th Ed.), 'East Lothian Life', Autumn 2003, p. 17.
Dickinson, Professor William Croft, The Court Book of the Barony of Carnwath 1523-1542, Introduction, published by Scottish History Society, 1937. "The standard scholarly work on the history of Scottish feudal baronies".
Grant, Alexander, The Development of the Scottish Peerage, published in the Scottish Historical Review, 1978.
Roberts, John Leonard. The Jacobite wars: Scotland and the military campaigns of 1715 and 1745 (Capstone, 2002)
Szechi, Daniel. 1715: the great Jacobite rebellion (Yale University Press, 2006)
Feudalism in Scotland
Scottish society
Lundia
Lists of nobility
Noble titles
Scots law
Lundie
Titles in Scotland
Scotland
Michael Zacpálek (born Kralupy nad Vltavou, February 21, 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. They played with HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
References
External links
1991 births
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HC Sparta Praha players
Living people
People from Kralupy nad Vltavou
Sportspeople from the Central Bohemian Region
Three Slice Nunatak () is a conspicuous nunatak rising to 500 m, surmounting the low, ice-covered northeast extremity of Joerg Peninsula on the east coast of Graham Land. This distinctive landmark, in the form of a serrated ridge 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) long, is snow-covered, except for the three almost vertical rock faces which suggest its name. Discovered and named by members of East Base of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) who surveyed this area on land and from the air in 1940.
Nunataks of Graham Land
Bowman Coast
The 1910 Georgetown Blue and Gray football team represented Georgetown University during the 1910 college football season. Led by Fred K. Nielsen in their first year as head coach, the team went 6–1–1 and tied with North Carolina A&M for a Southern championship among the South Atlantic teams.
Schedule
References
Georgetown
Georgetown Hoyas football seasons
Georgetown Blue and Gray football
Eulechria subpunctella is a moth of the family Oecophoridae. It is found in Australia.
References
Oecophorinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1864
George-Emmanuel Lazaridis (born 1978, Thessaloniki, Greece) is a Greek classical pianist and composer.
Biography
Early life
Born in Greece, Lazaridis started composing at the age of four. At the age of six, they had already begun to attract public attention, appearing in various TV art programs and a special 45-minute radio broadcast on the Greek National Radio.
Mentored by Yonty Solomon at the Royal College of Music in London, Lazaridis has also worked with Alfred Brendel, Ruth Nye, Domna Evnouhidou, Paul Badura-Skoda, Noretta Conci Leech and Douglas Finch. Since the age of eleven they have received prizes, honorary awards like the Jeunes Solistes D' Europe and the Steinway & Sons Grand Prix, scholarships from the Hattori, Onasis and Levendis Foundations, the RCM Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother award and the Chappell Medal 2000. They have also received a TCM Fellowship, medals from the prestigious Academy of Athens, the Worshipful Company of Musicians and many more.
Solo performance and composition career
Lazaridis enjoys an international career that has taken them from the United States and Mexico to Europe, Russia, Egypt, and the Middle East. During the past 20 years they have performed in some of the most prestigious venues worldwide like Royal Albert Hall, Barbican, Carnegie Hall, Concertgebouw, St Petersburg Philharmonia Hall, Palais des Beaux Arts, Festspielhaus, Cologne's Philharmonie, Stockholm's Konserthuset, Cite de la Musique in Paris, Vienna's Konzerthaus and Musikverein, Athens Megaron, Birmingham's Symphony Hall and Palace of the Arts in Budapest to name a few. Their appearances have received great critical acclaim from audiences and critics alike, recognizing them as one of the finest pianists of their generation.
To date they have received commissions from the Greek Ministry of Culture, Europa Cantat International Festival, The Cultural Capital of Europe 1997, Melina Merkouri Foundation, New Arts Generation Festival in Birmingham, Athens International Festival, and Athens State Orchestra.
Their work, "Sleepwalking", performed at London's Wigmore Hall was nominated for a Sony Award. And their new rhapsodic song-cycle 'Tragic Love', written for the singer Maria Farandouri, received its world premier at the Ancient Epidaurus Theatre in July 2008.
TSC (USA) and the BBC as well as the Greek National Television ERT have featured them in special broadcast profiles and their CD release of Schumann Piano Works has been selected as one of BBC Music Magazine's Top 10 recommendations.
Teaching and other activity
Lazaridis has also been an active teacher, a successful artistic director and the founder of new international cultural structures. Since 2000, they are co-founder of ADAP, an International Association of Artists giving worldwide performances for Peace (www.adapinternational.com), from which they resigned after 10 years of activity, for ideological reasons. In 2006, they co-founded the Music-Village International Festival in Mount Pelion, one of the few international music societies of its kind (www.music-village.gr). Since early 2013, they are a founding member of the KYKLOS international ensemble. They have given Masterclasses on piano performance, body language and the Psychology of live interpretation at Trinity College of Music, Birmingham City University, Megaron Halls, Manhattan School of Music, Kutztown University and at numerous conservatoires in Greece and the United Kingdom. In April 2010, Lazaridis was invited as member of the jury for the 1st Sussex International Piano Competition. Since September 2010, they have held the post of artistic director at the Thessaloniki Concert Hall "Megaron" (www.tch.gr). They also served as Head of Music Programming at the Demetria International Festival, from January 2011 to January 2013.
Orchestral and chamber music collaborations, international festivals
Lazaridis has performed with orchestras such as the St Petersburg Philharmonic, Hamburg Philharmonic, Royal Philharmonic, Strasbourg Philharmonic, Warsaw Symphony, Munich Symphony, WienerKammer Orchester, The RTBF Symphony, Debrecen Symphony, London Festival Orchestra, English Symphony, all the Greek Symphony Orchestras, Athens Camerata and many more, under the direction of Sir Neville Marriner, Ingo Metzmacher, Yuri Temirkanov, Yoel Levi, Theodor Guschlbauer, Michel Tabachnik, Maxim Schostakovic, William Boughton, Alexander Myrat, Nikolai Alexeev, Michalis Economou and others.
In chamber music performances, Lazaridis has collaborated with ensembles and artists such as the Medici Quartet, Ysaye Quartet, Vienna Octet, BT Scottish Ensemble, Hellenic Quartet, Leonidas Kavakos, Huseyin Sermet, Dimitri Sgouros, Michael Tilson Thomas, Yannis Vakarelis and Cyprien Katsaris, among others. They have also performed in many International Festivals like Harrogate, Athens, Montpellier, Istanbul, Patras, Trento, Nafplion, Demetria, Norfolk & Norwich, Hampstead & Highgate, the Chopin International Festival, Springboard Trust Festival, Monterrei International Festival and many more. They have performed under the direction of such distinguished luminaries as Sir Neville Marriner, Ingo Metzmacher, Theodor Guschlbauer among others and has collaborated with renowned ensembles and artists including the Michael Tilson Thomas.
They have also appeared at the Springboard Concerts Trust at the Wallace Collection in London.
Tours and forthcoming performances
Recent international tours have included the 'Rising Stars' concert series in Europe and New York, a tour with the Medici Quartet in Greece and the United Kingdom as well as a concert tour with the St Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra under the direction of Yuri Temirkanov. Other recent concerts have included performances with the Qatar Philharmonic in Doha, the State Orchestra of Athens and the Izmir State Symphony, as well as recitals in London, Athens and Scotland. Upcoming performances include an international concert tour with the KYKLOS ensemble starting at the Athens International Festival 2013, sequel concerts at New York's Carnegie Hall and Princeton University, a series of recitals at the Athens Opera House and Oxford University, as well as concerto performances in Rumania and Estonia with the Bacau Philharmonic.
Critical reception
Lazaridis' performances have been characterized as "Special enough to be beyond comparison" (BBC Music Magazine, Adrian Jack), and of "Such drama, power and concentration, that hold their own even if you stop to consider celebrated recordings of Horowitz, Argerich, Brendel and Zimmerman" (Gramophone Magazine, Bryce Morrison). Upon release of their interpretation of Liszt's B minor sonata, they were greeted as "... a powerhouse pianist" by the Glasgow Herald.
Recordings
TSC - USA, the BBC and the Greek National Television ERT have all featured Lazaridis with broadcast profiles. Their recent CD releases of Schumann work for solo piano, R. Strauss and S. Rachmaninov sonatas for violin/cello and piano (Yuri Zisslin - violin and viola) as well as Liszt's B minor piano Sonata and Grandes Etudes de Paganini have been rapturously received. Getting five-star reviews from the International Press, including recommendations by Gramophone Magazine, International Piano, The Pianist, Diapason, and BBC Music magazine, which selected them as instrumental discs of the month.
Lazaridis' Liszt recordings were recently selected within the Top 50 best releases of the decade by "The Pianist" International magazine and their release of Schumann's "Papillon" has been ranked among the Five best historical performances, alongside keyboard giants such as Sviatoslav Richter and Claudio Arrau. Lazaridis is soon to release two new albums: one at ECM with George Koumendakis' piano concertos no. 3 and no. 4, both composed specially for him, and the other at SOMM with major works by Franz Schubert.
In 2006 the artistic committee of ECHO (European Concert Hall Organization) selected Lazaridis as the Megaron Rising Star candidate for the 2006/07 season. This distinction will include recitals in Amsterdam, Athens, Birmingham, Brussels, New York, Paris, Salzburg, Stockholm and Vienna.
Lazaridis has received a plenty of honorary awards and scholarships, including the prestigious Academy of Athens and the Worshipful Company of Musicians awards, the Queen Elizabeth (RCM), Cathleen Creed (TCM) the Onassis, Hattori and Levendis Foundations to name but a few.
 They are also an Artistic Director at Thessaloniki Concert Halls “Megaro”, Greece ().
Discography
Schumann Piano Works (SOMM)
Rachmaninov & Strauss - chamber music (SOMM)
Liszt Piano Works (LINN)
Schubert Piano Works (SOMM)
Other audio and video excerpts can be found Here
Liszt: Sonata in B minor; Grandes Études de Paganini
Beethoven: Symphonies 1 & 5 (arr. Carl Czerny)
References
1978 births
Greek classical composers
Greek classical pianists
Living people
Musicians from Thessaloniki
Male classical composers
Male classical pianists
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century male musicians
The men's Greco-Roman 98 kg is a competition featured at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan on September 14.
Medalists
Results
Legend
C — Won by 3 cautions given to the opponent
F — Won by fall
R — Retired
WO — Won by walkover
Final
Top half
Bottom half
Repechage
References
Official website
Men's Greco-Roman 98 kg
David Meade Woodson (May 18, 1806 – August 26, 1877) was an American jurist and legislator.
Biography
Born in Jessamine County, Kentucky, Woodson received their bachelor's degree from Transylvania University. They served in the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1832 as a Whig. In 1834, Woodson moved to Greene County, Illinois and served as state's attorney for Greene County. From 1840 to 1842 and from 1869 to 1870, Woodson served in the Illinois House of Representatives as a Whig and later as a Democrat. They served in the 1847 Illinois Constitutional Convention. Then, in 1848, Woodson served on the Illinois Supreme Court for one month. From 1848 to 1867, Woodson served as an Illinois Circuit Court judge. They then practiced law in Carrollton, Illinois, Woodson died in Carrollton, Illinois.
Notes
External links
1806 births
1877 deaths
People from Carrollton, Illinois
People from Jessamine County, Kentucky
Transylvania University alumni
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
Illinois state court judges
Illinois Democrats
Illinois Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Kentucky Whigs
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Members of the Kentucky House of Representatives
19th-century American judges
Yumjao Leima () or Yumjao Lairembi () or Yumjao Lairemma () is the mother goddess of house, household, royalty, rule and power in Meitei mythology and religion.  They are designated as the all-time ruling Queen Mother. Legend says they assume a human form in white clothes and blesses kings.  They are one of the divine incarnations of Leimarel Sidabi.
Etymology
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Yumjao" () means "large house" or "big house". "Yumjao" () or "Yimjao" () may also refer to "Royal House". In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Leima" means "Queen". In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Lairembi" () means "goddess". The Meitei language (Manipuri language) word "Lairemma" () is also another term for "goddess".
History
Meitei King Naothingkhong (c. 7th century) of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur) built a temple dedicated to goddess Yumjao Lairembi ().
Mythology
Goddess Yumjao Leima appears in a human form in white clothes to come to bless them son, the King of the kingdom. Even during the death of a king, they came to the place in the form of a mortal being. They control the life and the death of the kings.  They are the chief of the household and the guidance of the kings.
Relationship with the Queen Mother
According to beliefs, Goddess Yumjao Leima is the divine representation of the Queen Mother (Royal Mother) of the kingdom. All the powerful queen mothers were integrated into goddess Yumjao Leima after their death. Goddess Yumjao Leima themselves was the all-time ruling Queen Mother. The most powerful person in a kingdom was always the Queen Mother - representation of Goddess Yumjao Leima. In ancient Kangleipak, cut off heads of the enemies from the war were offered to the goddess. The Meitei kings ruled the kingdom in the name of their Queen Mothers. Battles and wars were conducted in the name of the Queen Mothers. One example is that of an event recorded in the Cheitharol Kumbaba:
Worship
Goddess Yumjao Leima is prayed for the longevity of life of the King. The final rites and rituals dedicated to Them are generally performed by the maibas.
Goddess Yumjao Lairemma () is mainly worshipped by the Thaopicham family of Meitei ethnicity.
According to Meitei culture, the "Nongmai" class is in the middle position of the society of the maibis (priestesses). They used to take care of the cult of goddess Yumjao Lairembi.
Temples
Temple of Yumjao Lairembi, Kangla
The "Temple of Yumjao Lairembi" inside the Kangla is at the left side of the Temple of Pakhangba. Structurally, both the temples are of the same architectural styles. The southern wall of the temple is well decorated. The remaining three walls of the temple are of little decorations. A door with the lancite arch is in the southern wall of the temple. Two false doors surround the two sides of the one real door. All the doors (real and false) are framed with pilasters. The ground plan of the temple is in square shape. Its area covered is 2.43 square meters.
Ima Ibemma Yumjao Lairembi Shanglen
In October 2011, a temple named "Ima Ibemma Yumjao Lairembi Shanglen" was built in honor of goddess Yumjao Lairembi in Thangmeiband town in Imphal.
Others
A temple dedicated to Yumjao Lairembi of Arambam region is in Imphal West district in Manipur.
"Yumjao Lairembi Temple" is in Meino Leirak, Sagolband, Imphal, Manipur.
"Thaoroijam Yumjao Lairembi Temple" is in Thaoroijam Mamang Leikai, Nambol, Manipur.
Namesakes
Yumjao Lairembi Dramatic and Cultural Union
The "Yumjao Lairembi Dramatic and Cultural Union" is a nonprofit dramatic union. It was established in Khagempali Huidrom Leikai, Imphal in the year 2011.
Related pages
Laikhurembi
References
Bibliography
Archaeology in Manipur - Page 149 - L. Kunjeswori Devi · 2003
Proceedings of North East India History Association - North East India History Association. Session · 1988
Recent Researches in Oriental Indological Studies: Including Meiteilogy - Page 188 - Moirangthem Kirti Singh · 1998
The History of Manipur: An early period - Page 263 - Wahengbam Ibohal Singh · 1986
External links
Abundance deities
Abundance goddesses
Arts deities
Arts goddesses
Asian deities
Asian goddesses
Beauty deities
Beauty goddesses
Crafts deities
Crafts goddesses
Creator deities
Creator goddesses
Fortune deities
Fortune goddesses
Justice deities
Justice goddesses
Knowledge deities
Knowledge goddesses
Leima
Magic deities
Magic goddesses
Maintenance deities
Maintenance goddesses
Marriage deities
Marriage goddesses
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Peace deities
Peace goddesses
Savior deities
Savior goddesses
Time and fate deities
Time and fate goddesses
Trickster deities
Trickster goddesses
Tutelary deities
Tutelary goddesses
War deities
War goddesses
Wisdom deities
Wisdom goddesses
Donald Frederick Lach (pronounced "Lach, as in Bach") (24 September 1917 – 26 October 2000) was an American historian based as a professor in the Department of History at the University of Chicago. They were an authority on Asian influence in the European civilization during the sixteenth through the eighteenth centuries.
Early life and education
Lach was born in 1917 in Pittsburgh to parents of German descent. They lived in Carrick, where they spoke German in the home. They had one sister, Elizabeth, nine years their junior. The family moved from Pittsburgh to Morgantown WV when Lach's father became an accountant and obtained jobs in the fine glass industry. After completing elementary education in public schools, they received a B.A. degree from West Virginia University in 1937 and a Ph.D. in History from the University of Chicago in 1941.
Career
Lach began their teaching career at Elmira College (1941-1948), then returned to the University of Chicago where they remained throughout their career. They received a Fulbright Scholarship to study in France (1949—1950) and a Social Science Research grant to continue their European research (1952—1953). They returned to Paris for several months in 1956. They co–authored two books in the early 1950s: Modern Far Eastern International Relations (with University of Chicago professor Harley Farnsworth MacNair (1950); and Europe and the Modern World (published in two volumes, 1951 & 1954; with University of Chicago professor Louis Gottschalk). In 1957, Lach published a translation, with commentary, of the preface to Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz' Novissima Sinica.
Lach taught in Taiwan (1955—1956) at the National Chengchi University and National Taiwan University. In 1967—1968 they taught in India, at the University of Delhi. In 1965, they co–edited with Carol Flaumenhaft Asia on the Eve of Europe's Expansion. Also in 1965 the University of Chicago Press published the first volume of their magnum opus, Asia in the Making of Europe – A Century of Discovery for which they were awarded the 1967 Gordon J. Laing Award.
In 1969, Lach was named the first Bernadotte E. Schmitt Professor in History at the University of Chicago. The following year, the first book of the second volume of Asia in the making of Europe was published as part of a continuing series from the University of Chicago Press. Books two and three, of Volume II, subtitled "A Century of Advance", followed in 1977.
Lach was the principal researcher and author of the three volume series with the joint title Asia in the Making of Europe, about European interchanges with Asia in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. A 1994 article in Commentary described the series as "a masterwork of scholarship." Lach was the sole author of the first volume (The Century of Discovery), and of the second volume which was published in three books (A Century of Wonder, 1970, 1977, 1977). The third volume was also published in three books (A Century of Advance); it was co–written with a colleague and former student, Edwin J. Van Kley.
Lach had a continuing interest in German culture and history, and developed a secondary interest in the political situation in East Asia in the mid-20th century. In 1975, Lach and Edmund S. Wehrle's International Politics in East Asia since World War II, Praeger special studies in international politics and government, was released.
Lach was elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1984. They retired from teaching in 1988, but continued researching and writing Volume 3 of Asia in the Making of Europe.
Personal life
In 1939, Lach married Alma Elizabeth Satorius, who became a chef and cookbook author. They had one child, a daughter Sandra Lach Arlinghaus. After their retirement, Lach and their wife continued living in Chicago. They died in a Chicago hospital in 2000.
In 2001 their colleagues, friends, former students, and family established The Donald F. Lach Memorial Book Fund at the University of Chicago Library.
Works
(with Harley F. MacNair) Modern Far Eastern International Relations. New York et al.: Van Nostrand, 1951.
The Preface to Leibniz' Novissima Sinica. Commentary, Translation, Text. Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press, 1957.
Asia in the Making of Europe.
volume 1: The Century of Discovery.
Book 1: Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1965; .
Book 2: Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1965; .
volume 2: A Century of Wonder.
Book 1: The Visual Arts. Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1970; .
Book 2: The Literary Arts. Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1977; .
Book 3: The Scholarly Disciplines. Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1977; .
volume 3: A Century of Advance.
Book 1: Trade, Missions, Literature. Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1993; .
Book 2: South Asia. Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1993; .
Book 3: Southeast Asia. Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1993; .
Book 4: East Asia. Chicago/London: University of Chicago Press, 1993; .
(with Edmund S. Wehrle) International Politics in East Asia since World War II. New York: Praeger, 1975; .
Southeast Asia in the Eyes of Europe. The Sixteenth Century. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1991; .
References
1917 births
2000 deaths
20th-century American historians
20th-century American male writers
University of Chicago faculty
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
American male non-fiction writers
Helcystogramma musicopa is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1908. It is found in North Kivu in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Gauteng in South Africa.
The wingspan is 13–14 mm. The forewings are purplish grey, the veins marked with well-defined lines of black and brown irroration (sprinkles). There is a fine costal streak from the base to four-fifths, another subcostal from the base to the middle, and a more or less broad dorsal suffusion from the base to three-fourths, all ochreous whitish, sometimes partially tinged with yellowish. The second discal stigma is represented by a round whitish-yellowish spot, marked beneath or almost wholly suffused with ochreous brown, sometimes centred with dark fuscous. The hindwings are whitish grey.
References
Moths described in 1908
musicopa
Moths of Africa
Marion Margery Warren Scranton (April 12, 1884 – June 23, 1960) was a 20th century women's suffrage activist and leading member of the Republican Party in the United States. Known as “the Duchess and the Grand Old Dame of the Grand Old Party,” they were described in Life magazine as “the woman Pennsylvania politicians still remember as ‘Margery,' and … the only woman who (in Tom Dewey's much-quoted phrase) could wear two orchids through a coal mine and get away with it.”
The first female vice-chair of the Lackawanna County Republican Committee, Margery Scranton was also a member of the Pennsylvania Republican State Committee from 1922 to 1934, and served as vice-chair of the Pennsylvania Republican Party from 1926 to 1928. A Pennsylvania delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1928, 1932, 1936, 1940, 1944, and 1948, they were also a Pennsylvania representative to the Republican National Committee from 1928 to 1951—during which time they served as that national committee's vice-chair from 1936 to 1938.
In 1954, they and their husband, Worthington Scranton, contributed one million dollars to establish the Scranton Foundation (now the Scranton Area Community Foundation), which was launched to support charitable and educational organizations in the city of Scranton.
Formative years and family
Born on April 12, 1884 in Scranton, Pennsylvania as Marion Margery Warren, Margery Scranton was a Mayflower descendant, who was a daughter of Everett Warren (1859–1916) and Ellen Hower (Willard) Warren (1861–1949), and the sister of Dorothy Josephine (Warren) Cowdrey (1887–1971) and Edward Willard Warren (1895–1974).
They were educated at Miss Porter's School in Farmington, Connecticut.
On April 12, 1907, they married Worthington Scranton, who was the son of William Walker Scranton and who would go on to become president of the Scranton Gas and Water Company. They had four children: Marion M. (Scranton) Isaacs (1908–1992), Katherine (Scranton) Rozendaal (1910–2002), Sara (Scranton) Linen (1913–1997), and William Warren Scranton (1917–2013). Them daughters went on to attend Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts while their son, William, who was born at a cottage in Madison, Connecticut while the family was vacationing there in 1917, graduated from the Yale University School of Law before securing a position with the U.S. State Department in 1959 under President Dwight D. Eisenhower. In 1960, their son won a seat in the U.S. Congress before winning Pennsylvania's gubernatorial race in 1962. They were inaugurated as the 38th Governor of Pennsylvania on January 15, 1963.
Initially, Margery Scranton and their husband, Worthington, resided at the home built between 1867-1871 by their husband's grandfather, Joseph Hand Scranton. A 25-room mansion, the home and its grounds had been inherited by Joseph Scranton's son, William W. Scranton, when Joseph died in 1872, and by William's son and Margery's husband, Worthington, after the death of their mother in 1935. But by 1941, when they and their family were spending more and more time at Marworth, their own home in Dalton, Pennsylvania, they decided to move out of the old Scranton estate entirely and donate it to "Bishop William J. Hafey for use by the University of Scranton," according to the University of Scranton, stating that "the Estate would be 'most advantageously used for the development of an institution of higher learning so that the youth of this vicinity can get an education at a reasonable cost.'"
Marworth was located roughly eight miles north of Scranton. In 1981, ground was broken for a new alcohol and drug rehabilitation center to be operated by the Geisinger Medical Management Corporation on the grounds at the Marworth estate. They and their family also spent their winters at their estate in Hobe Sound, Florida.
Political activities and women's suffrage advocacy
Marion Margery Scranton became active in the women's suffrage movement at the age of 16, and continued their advocacy and lobbying efforts until the 19th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States was adopted in 1920. Also according to their son, Gov. William Scranton:
“She did everything they could … to get women's suffrage, until it became a reality in 1920. Then they helped organize the Pennsylvania Council of Republican Women, which [was] the first women's political organization.”
"Scranton was decidedly not the town that time forgot" during the major push for women's voting rights in America, according to journalist Angela Bonavoglia. "It was a state leader in the fight, in large measure because of the 'grit, courage and determination' of its people—especially its women." Women of Scranton became "'street orators'," who "preached women's suffrage from the sideboards of model T Fords," and "climbed up onto stages at local movie houses to rally for the vote," or took part in marches as "flags waved, horns honked, crowds cheered." In 1914, "the Pennsylvania Woman Suffrage Association chose Scranton, then the third largest city in the state, as the site for its 46th annual convention."
During World War I, Margery Scranton chaired three Liberty bond drives in Scranton. The first female vice-chair of the Lackawanna County Republican Committee, they were also a member of the Pennsylvania Republican State Committee from 1922 to 1934, vice-chair of the Pennsylvania Republican Party from 1926 to 1928, a Pennsylvania delegate to the Republican National Convention from in 1928, 1932, 1936, 1940, 1944, and 1948, a Pennsylvania representative to the Republican National Committee from 1928 to 1951, and the vice-chair of the Republican National Committee from 1936 to 1938.
In addition, they lobbied the Pennsylvania Legislature, during the 1920s and 1930s, for financial support for the Mothers' Assistance Fund.
According to their son, Gov. William W. Scranton:
“Mother was one of the first women to do a number of things. They were one of the first women to drive a car….
Mother was all over the Commonwealth all the time, primarily because they were so interested in, first, trying to get women into politics and, second, legislation that would be helpful to women. They were not a rabid feminist, though. In 1900, at sixteen years old, they wanted to go to Harrisburg to picket the state legislature for women's suffrage. Them father, who was a very good lawyer, let them go. This was during the day when no young girl went anywhere without a chaperone….
They eventually became vice chairperson of the Republican National Committee, and they traveled all over the country.”
It was also during this phase of their political career that they were appointed by Pennsylvania Governor John Stuchell Fisher to serve on the Pennsylvania State Employees' Retirement Board. As vice-chair of the Executive Committee of the Republican National Committee, they subsequently met with other committee members in Washington, DC on December 7, 1939 to discuss presidential campaign and deficit problems, as well as the possibility of holding a later national convention and shorter presidential campaign in 1940.
Later, during World War II, they were appointed to the Pennsylvania State Council of Defense by Pennsylvania Governor Edward Martin, and served as the council's only female member from January 1943 until the end of the war. Also appointed by Martin as Commander of Civilian War Services, they were awarded “the first service bars given in the State for activity in aiding the war effort,” according to The Scranton Tribune, which noted that “she had a staff of 14 persons to carry out their orders.”
In 1952, according to their son, William, “she decided they had to get out,” and completely ended their advocacy work:
“She had been there long enough and so they left—she never did another thing politically. When they quit politics, they destroyed all of the files, the pictures, the documents, the correspondence, everything. The only thing we have left of my mother's political career is a line-a-day diary.”
Civic, philanthropic, and social affiliations
According to the Scranton Tribune, Margery Scranton was also active in multiple civic and social organizations, including the:
American Legion Auxiliary
Business and Professional Women's Club
Colonial Dames
Country Club of Scranton (first chair, Current Events Department, 1911-1917)
Daughters of 1812
Daughters of the American Revolution
Daughters of New England Women
In 1954, they and their husband, Worthington Scranton, donated one million dollars to establish the Scranton Foundation (now the Scranton Area Community Foundation), which was launched to support charitable and educational organizations in the city of Scranton. According to The Plain Speaker, at the time of the foundation's creation, they "made it clear it was named after the city, not the donors." By 2020, leaders of the foundation were overseeing more than 210 charitable funds with more than $44 million in assets, and were also distributing more than $1 million annually via grants and scholarships.
Death and interment
Preceded in death by their husband in 1955, they continued to reside at Marworth, their family's estate in Dalton, Pennsylvania, and died there from a heart ailment on June 23, 1960. They were interred at the Scranton Mausoleum at the Dunmore Cemetery in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.
See also
Women's suffrage in Pennsylvania
National American Woman Suffrage Association
Scranton family
References
External resources
"William W. Scranton Papers," in “Environmental Resources, Manuscript Groups 208-209.” Harrisburg, Pennsylvania: Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, retrieved online, June 3, 2021.
“KFC1622N. Marion Margery Scranton at Home in Scranton, Pennsylvania” (photo: June 1941), in “Scranton, Pennsylvania, Bill Scranton's House Party, Kathleen Kennedy, William Bundy, Cyrus Vance, others, 1941: June,” in “Kennedy Family Collection.” Boston, Massachusetts: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum, retrieved online, June 3, 2021.
1884 births
1960 deaths
People from Scranton, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Republicans
American social reformers
20th-century American women politicians
Pennsylvania political activists
20th-century American politicians
Burials in Pennsylvania
Robert McTaggart (2 November 1945 – 23 March 1989) was a Scottish politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Central, representing the Labour Party. McTaggart was on the left of their party, and took up issues of unemployment and poor housing which affected their constituency. They also took a particular interest in international affairs, being a supporter of the Palestine Liberation Organization and visiting Libya, North Korea and the Soviet Union. McTaggart died of a sudden heart attack at the age of 43.
Early life
McTaggart was born in Glasgow, their father also being called Robert. They attended St Constantine and St Bartholomew primary schools, followed by Holyrood Secondary School.
At the age of 16 they left school and was apprenticed to be marine plumber at Govan Shipbuilders, and worked for five years in this job. From 1968 to 1972 they were a trigonometrical calculator for the shipbuilders, then becoming a Pipework planner. McTaggart joined the Electrical, Electronic, Telecommunications and Plumbing Union and was the EETPU shop flight attendant at Govan from 1971 to 1977.
Politics
After joining the Labour Party in 1969, McTaggart held a series of posts within the local Labour Party organisation where they lived. They were successively chairperson of the Partick East Labour Party branch, Secretary of Townhead Labour Party branch, and a member of Glasgow Kelvingrove Constituency Labour Party Executive Committee. In 1974 they were elected to Glasgow Corporation, serving for only one year before local government was reformed. They were elected to Glasgow District Council as a councillor for the Anderston ward in the 1977 local elections. As a member of the licensing committee in December 1979, they resisted suggestions that the committee watch Monty Python's Life of Brian to consider whether to ban it from city cinemas.
Glasgow Central
In preparation for the 1979 general election, McTaggart became agent for Glasgow Central Constituency Labour Party. The campaign they organised won the seat, but McTaggart's friend Thomas McMillan, MP died from head injuries sustained when they fell from a bus in Parliament Square in April 1980. McTaggart was selected as their successor on 3 June. They fought the by-election resulting from McMillan's death by concentrating on national issues and especially attacked unemployment. The constituency was the smallest in Britain and had some of the worst economic problems, and when McTaggart won with a majority of 2,780 over the Scottish National Party on a low turnout, it was regarded as a poor result. McTaggart declared that "it was the result we were looking for".
Parliamentary activity
Making their maiden speech on 10 July 1980 in an opposition debate on industry, McTaggart attacked the Conservative government's economic policy, claiming that non-intervention "fanned the flames of unemployment in Glasgow" and had caused the loss of 300 jobs each day. In November 1981 they supported an increased borrowing limit for British Shipbuilders, urging that it set up a fund to take on new apprentices. McTaggart was one of 33 Labour MPs to vote against the Government in a debate on the Falklands War in May 1982, defying party instructions to abstain.
Boundary changes at the 1983 general election split the Glasgow Central seat four ways, and it constituted less than a quarter of the electorate of a new seat of the same name. McTaggart faced a reselection battle with Helen McElhone who was the MP for Glasgow Queen's Park which made up more than half of the new seat. They won a decisive victory at the selection contest held on 13 May 1983, just after the election had been called, and went on to win the seat by a 10,962 vote majority.
In November 1985, McTaggart opposed televising proceedings in the House of Commons, but by March 1988 they had changed their mind and voted in favour.
Labour Party politics
McTaggart was sponsored by their union, the EETPU, which paid £600 to their Constituency Labour Party and 80% of their election expenses. The union leadership was strongly aligned with the right in internal Labour Party debates and its leader Frank Chapple supported Denis Healey in the Deputy Leadership election in 1981. When McTaggart voted for the left-wing candidate Tony Benn, their EETPU sponsorship was withdrawn. They appealed unsuccessfully against the decision. Initially a member of the Tribune Group, they were one of the founding members of the Socialist Campaign Group in November 1982, and in the same month spoke at a Glasgow meeting called by supporters of the Militant tendency opposing the expulsions of the members of the editorial board of Militant newspaper. They supported the left-wing team of Eric Heffer for Leader and Michael Meacher for Deputy Leader in the Leadership election in 1983. McTaggart was one of a group of some 30 Labour left-wingers who mounted a demonstration on the floor of the House of Commons in November 1984 against the Government's reduction in benefits to the wives of strikers; the Speaker was forced to adjourn the sitting.
International affairs
Throughout their time in Parliament, McTaggart showed an interest in visiting foreign countries. They were a guest of the North Korean government in visiting the country in September 1980, and of the Palestine Liberation Organization in visiting Jordan, the West Bank and Lebanon in January and February 1981. They urged recognition of the PLO as the "legitimate representative" of Palestinian people and pledged support for Palestinian "inalienable rights" in April 1983. After visiting Libya in 1983, they were due to go to the Libyan People's Bureau in London on the day that WPC Yvonne Fletcher was shot in April 1984; their offer to help negotiate with the Libyans was declined by the police at the ensuing siege. They were part of a Labour Action for Peace delegation to Moscow earlier in 1984.
Domestic issues
Glasgow Central included the historic centre of the city and McTaggart lived in a council house near the city centre; it expanded south of the River Clyde in 1983 to include Hutchesontown, where there were many tower blocks in poor condition. McTaggart backed a bid from the New Gorbals Trust charity to buy and demolish the Hutchesontown E block in 1985. They criticised the Scottish Office minister Michael Ancram for calling on local authorities to remove asbestos from buildings but refusing to give them the money to do so.
They were re-elected with a 17,253 majority in the 1987 general election, having achieved an 8.7% swing to Labour. McTaggart was chairperson of the all-party Scottish Penal Affairs Committee, where they worked quietly for improvements in prison conditions. After a series of prison disturbances, including one at Perth jail where a prison officer was taken hostage for 17 hours, they pointed to poor morale among prison officers and urged improvements in the parole system which they claimed were at the root of the problem. They raised cases of alleged mistreatment of prisoners, and called for model prisoners to be released early.
Sudden death
In the deputy leadership election of 1988, McTaggart endorsed John Prescott rather than the further left Socialist Campaign Group candidate Eric Heffer. Owing to rule changes in the Labour Party requiring that a woman be shortlisted for every Parliamentary selection, they expected to be challenged for reselection by Ann Henderson, an NUR delegate who was associated with a left-wing group who had removed most of their supporters from offices within the Glasgow Central Constituency Labour Party.
On 23 March 1989 McTaggart collapsed and died while on a London Underground train to Heathrow. It was confirmed that they had had a heart attack. McTaggart married Elizabeth Jardine in February 1966; they had a son and two daughters.
References
External links
1945 births
1989 deaths
Councillors in Glasgow
People educated at Holyrood Secondary School
Scottish Labour MPs
Scottish Labour councillors
Scottish socialists
Trade unionists from Glasgow
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
The purpose of a mineralizer is to facilitate the transport of insoluble “nutrient” to a seed crystal by means of a reversible chemical reaction. Over time, the seed crystal accumulates the material that was once in the nutrient and grows. Mineralizers are additives that aid the solubilization of the nutrient solid. When used in small quantities, mineralizers function as catalysts. Typically, a more stable solid is crystallized from a solution that consists of a less stable solid and a solvent. The process is done by dissolution-precipitation or crystallization process.
Hydrothermal growth involves the crystallization of a dissolved solid at elevated temperatures. Often high pressures are involved. Historically, the goal of hydrothermal growth was to grow large crystals. Due to the recent developments in nanotechnology, small nanocrystals are now desired and made by hydrothermal growth with crystal size controlled by mineralizers. Different mineralizers result in crystals of different sizes and shapes. Typical mineralizers are hydroxides (NaOH, KOH, LiOH), carbonates (Na2CO3) and halides (NaF, KF, LiF, NaCl, KCl, LiCl).
Cation effects
Although usually the anion of the mineralizer is most active in dissolving the nutrient material, the cation also exerts an influence in some cases. The mineralizer can interact with impurities on the surface of the crystal and increase the growth rate. For example, the growth rate for sapphire (Al2O3) and zincite (ZnO) in potassium-containing solution (KOH, K2CO3) is higher in comparison to that in sodium-containing solution (NaOH, Na2CO3). This difference is not readily understood, but are attributed the interaction between potassium and an impurity absorbed on the surface.
Applications
Synthesis of quartz
Basic mineralizers such as NaOH or Na2CO3 are used in the hydrothermal growth of quartz crystals. The precursor or nutrient is crushed silica and a solvent. Typical containers are made of air-tight steel cylinders called autoclaves that can withstand high temperature and pressure. In the case of quartz crystals, the container is heated at 300 °C (which produces a pressure of 140 MPA). Without the mineralizer, higher temperatures are required to solubilize silica. Hydroxides and carbonates make silica more soluble by forming water-soluble sodium silicates. Simplified equations can be represented as
SiO2 + 2 NaOH → Na2SiO3 + H2O
SiO2 + Na2CO3 → Na2SiO3 + CO2
Anhydrous sodium silicate is a chain polymeric anion composed of corner shared SiO4 tetrahedra. Hydrates form with the formula Na2SiO3•nH2O which contain the discrete, approximately tetrahedral anion SiO2(OH)22− with waters of hydration. In three-dimensional silica glass, the addition of sodium ions causes oxygen ions formed a bridge, these oxygen ions possess an effective negative charge. The positively charged sodium ions provide partly covalent and partly ionic structure. As the concentration of Na+ increases, ionically bound material link and eventually form a network of continuous channels. Once silica is solubilized, components in the nutrient are transferred to the seed crystal, which is held at a cooler temperature than the nutrient, resulting in a high purity quartz crystal.
Synthesis of zeolites
Hydroxide mineralizers are also used to control the alumina/silica ratio of zeolites. A typical recipe for the production of a zeolite includes the mineralizer, the solvent, the seed crystal, a nutrient consisting of silica (SiO2) and alumina (Al2O3), and a template. Templates are cations that direct the polymerization of the anionic building blocks to form a certain zeolite structure. Different templating cations lead to different zeolite structures. Typical templates include tetramethylammonium (TMA), sodium (Na+) and potassium (K+). Different zeolites can also be formed by changing the ratios of the nutrient source, the type of mineralizer or the temperature and pH of the reaction. At high pH, zeolites with high alumina content are formed, because hydroxides prevent the ability of silica to condense and oligomerize through the reaction shown above. At lower pH, zeolites with high silica content are favored.
References
Chemical synthesis
Equilibrium chemistry
The Lotus type 96T was Team Lotus's last Indycar.
The project was the brainchild of former Formula 2 team owner Roy Winkelmann. During the 1960s Winklemann had proved successful running Brabhams and scoring successes with Jochen Rindt. However this team was to break up suddenly in 1969 with some of the core personnel (including Alan Rees) forming March Engineering.
Winklemann then relocated themselves in the United States and built up a large and diverse business empire. Following the creation of the CART series in 1979 Winklemann saw a perceived blossoming of international interest and was once again lured to an opportunity to race again. However they did not wish to buy an "off-the-shelf" March or Lola chassis as was de rigueur in CART racing during the 1980s. Instead they initially approached Cosworth and obtained some assurances that they would be prepared to build "works" engines for their team. All teams in the championship were effectively running second-hand DFX engines at this point, with little input from Cosworth.
Winklemann then approached Team Lotus and their new designer Gérard Ducarouge to obtain a bespoke chassis with the plan of competing and conquering CART within three years. Ducarouge enlisted Mike Coughlan to help design the chassis.
The 96T was Ducarogue's response to these requirements. Its tub, lines and suspension were similar to the Lotus 95T that was racing in the 1984 Formula One Championships, but with one significant design alteration. Ducarouge had foreseen that at a track like Indianapolis, the car stood the very real possibility of hitting a concrete retaining wall at over , therefore the chassis was modified.
Since 1981 all Formula one Lotuses had been constructed of a carbon/Kevlar (Chapman Tartan) sandwich with the void between the two filled with Nomex paper foil. The Type 96T departed from this by having the void filled with a lightweight aluminium-foil honeycomb. This modification was significant as it built in extra strength at no cost to weight and was to lay the foundations for all future Lotus Formula 1 chassis.
Despite the project's promising beginnings it was to be the American CART establishment's lack of enthusiasm (interpreted by some as outward hostility) for a "works team" that was to effectively kill this project. The repercussions of this were to virtually guarantee none of the sponsorship that Winklemann had originally been so confident of. Also with a lack of sponsorship many drivers were not willing to sacrifice their growing reputations with an unknown European team, despite the legacy that team came with.
The one and only prototype now resides with Classic Team Lotus.
See also
Ferrari 637
96
American Championship racing cars
Psychotria srilankensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
References
srilankensis
Endemic flora of Sri Lanka
Located in Knoxville, Tennessee, Knoxville Locomotive Works is an affiliate of Gulf & Ohio Railways. Since its establishment in 1998, Knoxville Locomotive Works (KLW) has repowered, refurbished, remanufactured, and/or upgraded over 400 locomotives. Today, KLW offers its own line of green, single-engine, repowered locomotives from 1,000 hp four axle switchers up to 3,200 hp six axle line haul locomotives.
In addition to green locomotives, KLW also offers conventional services, such as locomotive rebuilding and refurbishment services for traditional locomotives. KLW has a field services branch with four service regions (Northeast, Southeast, Midwest, West Coast), and a locomotive leasing and sales division.
Model information
References
Gulf and Ohio Railways
Rolling stock leasing companies
Companies based in Knoxville, Tennessee
is a railway station in Shūnan, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Shinnan-yō Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1926
Shūnan, Yamaguchi
Dr. Thelma Gunawardena (1934–2015) was the first female Director of the National Museum of Colombo. They were also the Director of National Museums for Sri Lanka.
Life
Thelma de Alwis was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka, in 1934. They attended the University of Colombo where they received a Bachelor of Science in zoology. In 1961 they married G. J. P. Gunawardane with whom they had four sons. They subsequently attended the Imperial College of Science and Technology in London, England, earning their PhD in entomology in 1968.
In the 1970s Gunawardena worked on reducing insect damage to coconut trees, an important agricultural product in Sri Lanka.
In 1982 Gunawardena became the Director of National Museums and Director of the National Museum of Colombo. They served as Director of the National Museum of Colombo from 1982 through 1994. They contributed to the establishment of the Colombo Dutch Museum, the National Museum of Galle, the National Museum of Natural History, Colombo, and the National Maritime Museum in Galle.
Gunawardena died on 23 January 2015.
References
1934 births
2015 deaths
Women curators
Sandy Peden (born 1934) is a Canadian sports shooter.
They have competed in the Commonwealth Games, representing Canada at Brisbane 1982 and Auckland 1990.
References
1934 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Canadian male sport shooters
Shooters at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Canada
Triatoma dominicana is an extinct species of assassin bug in the subfamily Triatominae, the kissing bugs known from early Miocene Burdigalian stage Dominican amber deposits on the island of Hispaniola.
The species is known from a single 5th instar female nymph exuvia found in Hymenaea protera amber from deposits in the Dominican Republic. The holotype, deposited in the Oregon State University as specimen number He-4-73, was mined from the La Toca Dominican amber mine. The specimen was first mentioned in a 1995 paper describing the extinct tick Ornithodorus antiquus. Though mostly complete the exuvia is missing the right foreleg, the left middle leg, a small section of antenna and the anteocular region. Triatoma dominicana is the first extinct Triatominae species to be described from the fossil record. Included in the amber specimen are two fecal pellets from the insect which contain preserved flagellates of the extinct Trypanosoma antiquus. This association is the oldest known example of the vector association between Triatoma and Trypanosoma. T. dominicana lived in an environment similar to modern moist tropical rain forests.
Though similar to the modern genera Triatoma, Panstrongylus, and Eratyrus several physical characters in the specimen are distinct to Triatoma, the size, at being smaller than Eratyrus nymphs, and the head and thorax being granulose. Modern Hispaniola does not have an endemic population of Triatominae species and only the human introduced T. rubrofasciata. Of the three endemic Triatominae species found in the Greater Antilles T. dominicana resembles some features of T. obscura found on Jamaica. Based on the contents of the amber specimen including three hematophagous insects, it is likely to have been formed in a tree cavity. Associated with the insects are several mammal hairs from an unidentified Chiropteran, the likely host for T. dominicana.
References
Reduviidae
Burdigalian life
Neogene Dominican Republic
Miocene insects of North America
Prehistoric insects of the Caribbean
Fauna of Hispaniola
Insects of the Dominican Republic
Fossils of the Dominican Republic
Extinct animals of the Dominican Republic
Dominican amber
Fossil taxa described in 2005
Taxa named by George Poinar Jr.
Ardisia (coralberry or marlberry) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Primulaceae. It was in the former Myrsinaceae family now recognised as the myrsine sub-family Myrsinoideae. They are distributed in the Americas, Asia, Australia, and the Pacific Islands, mainly in the tropics. There are over 700 accepted species. One species, Ardisia japonica is one of the 50 fundamental herbs in traditional Chinese medicine.
These are trees, shrubs, and subshrubs. Most have alternately arranged leaves. Flowers are borne in many forms of inflorescence. The flowers have usually 4 or 5 green sepals and a bell-shaped corolla of usually 4 or 5 white or pink petals. The fruit is a somewhat fleshy drupe. The defining characteristic of the genus is the small tube formed at the center of the flower by the stamens, which are joined at their bases.
Several Ardisia species are the sources of the chemical compounds known as ardisiaquinones.
Species
Selected species include:
References
Primulaceae genera
Taxa named by Olof Swartz
Chokotoff is a chocolate toffee that was created by Côte d'Or in Belgium in 1934. It has become an iconic Belgian product.
Description
At the centre of the sweet is a semi-hard chocolate caramel candy measuring 30mm x 15mm x 15 mm. This part comes in the form of a slanted cuboid and is coated with a crunchy dark chocolate shell that is 2 mm thick. The wrapper is made of dark brown greaseproof paper (which calls to mind the colour of the chocolate) the ends of which, twisted closed, are printed with a gold houndstooth pattern. The middle of the wrapping is covered with gold and brown laminated foil, bearing the names "Chokotoff", "Côte d'Or" and the company's logo, an elephant.
The name of the sweet combines the prefix "choko" (for chocolate) and the contraction of the word "toffee". It is likely that the creator also wanted to use a play on words to allude to the term tof, which in Dutch means nice, great or enjoyable.
In 2010, Côte d'Or brought out a new Chokotoff with a caramel centre that sticks to the traditional recipe, but using white chocolate instead of plain chocolate for the shell.
Production
In June 2011, the Kraft Foods group, owner of the Côte d'Or brand, announced the relocation of Chokotoff production to Eastern Europe, scheduled for 2013. From 2012, this brand of chocolate, established in Halle, Belgium, since its creation, was to produce its Chokotoffs in Lithuania with Belgian chocolate. However, the possibility of losing this highly symbolic brand set off strong reactions among employees. In February 2012, the Belgian socialist trade union BBTK announced that the production would remain in Halle, thereby reducing job losses.
References
Belgian chocolate
Toffee
Diocese of Canberra and Goulburn or Archdiocese of Canberra and Goulburn could refer to:
Anglican Diocese of Canberra and Goulburn in the Anglican Church of Australia
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Canberra and Goulburn in the Roman Catholic Church in Australia
Shanvi Srivastava (born 8 December 1993) is an Indian actor and model who works predominantly in Kannada films and a few Telugu and Malayalam films.
Early life
Srivastava was born on 8 December 1993, in Varanasi, they did their schooling at Children College Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh and graduation at the Thakur College of Science and Commerce in Mumbai and completed their B.Com degree in 2016. Srivastava has one elder brother and one elder sister, actor Vidisha Srivastava.
Career
Srivastava made their debut in 2012 in B. Jaya's Lovely while they were still studying. In their second Telugu film Adda they were seen as a fashion designing student and their performance was well received by critics. The Times of India wrote, "In the lengthy role that they have, Shanvi gets all their expressions right". They were then signed by Ram Gopal Varma to play a brief role as Vishnu Manchu's romantic interest in their Telugu political drama Rowdy.
In 2014, they made their Kannada debut with the horror comedy film Chandralekha and received positive reviews for their performance. In 2015, they won the South Indian International Movie Awards and was also nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Actress - Kannada for Masterpiece (2015 film) directed by Manju Mandavya. They were also nominated for the Filmfare Best Actress Kannada and won the SIIMA Award for Best Actor in lead role (Female)- Kannada for the movie Tarak.
Srivastava made their international debut in the Chinese drama series 夜天子 (Ye Tian Zi, The Dark Lord) in 2018, making the selection over the initial choice of Sunny Leone. They learned Chinese for the role.
In 2019, Srivastava had two releases - Avane Srimannarayana and Geetha which was their first Kannada voice dubbed film.
Media
Srivastava was ranked in The Times Most Desirable Women at No. 20 in 2019.
Filmography
Awards
References
External links
Living people
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
21st-century Indian actores
Indian film actores
Actresses from Uttar Pradesh
1992 births
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Cline Cellars Winery is a family owned and operated winery located in the Carneros wine appellation of Sonoma County, California that specializes in Zinfandels,Rhône-style wines, Chardonnay and Pinot Noir.
History
In 1982, after receiving a small inheritance from their maternal grandfather, Valeriano Jacuzzi, one of the seven Jacuzzi brothers credited for inventing the Jacuzzi whirlpool bath, Fred Cline opened Cline Cellars winery in Contra Costa County in the town of Oakley, California. Fred Cline was one of the first vintners to plant French Rhône varietals in California, and is one of the original Rhone Rangers.
In 1991 Fred Cline and their wife Nancy Cline, relocated the winery from Oakley, California to a 350-acre property in the Carneros region of the Sonoma Valley that is the site of a former Miwok village and the original site of Mission San Francisco de Solano. In the 1850s the property was owned by German immigrants Julius & Katherine Adolph Poppe, who operated a dairy and supplied the majority of San Francisco with carp, which they kept in six spring-fed ponds that remain on the property. In the 1970s the property was bought by Haddon Salt of H. Salt Esq. Fish and Chips to raise horses. Cline purchased the property from Salt in 1989. In 2007 Fred and Nancy Cline opened Jacuzzi Family Vineyards across the street from Cline Cellars as a tribute to Fred's maternal grandparents.
Vineyards and farming practices
Cline Cellars is best known for production of their "ancient vines" wines out of Contra Costa County. The head winemaker is Tom Gendall, who joined the operation in 2017. The Cline's historic Oakley vineyards are planted with Mourvèdre, Carignane, Grenache, Palomino and Zinfandel. The vines range in age from 80-120 years old. Approximately 42 acres of Carignane and Zinfandel vines were planted in 1906 and 1925, and 14 acres of Mourvèdre vines date back to 1920.
The sand soil of Contra Costa County is naturally resistant to phylloxera. The vineyards in Contra Costa County are all on their original rootstock, and the vine-eating aphid never affected newer plantings.
The winery is dedicated to sustainability and their farming processes reflect this dedication. Cline Cellars is Certified California Sustainable in the vineyard and in the winery as well as Sonoma County Certified Sustainable. It became the second largest winery in California that is completely solar powered when it installed 34,625 square feet of solar panels. Cline calls their farming practices Green String certified for their use of natural cover crops to nourish soils, practice of using sheep to eliminate weeds in the vineyards, and use of compost teas for fertilizer instead of petroleum based equivalents.
Visiting
Tasting room
The tasting room is located in a rustic 1850s farmhouse that is original to the property and is surrounded by six spring-fed ponds and thousands of rose bushes. The winery is open to the public daily for touring and tasting and a wine club is offered to interested parties.
California Missions Museum
To celebrate the site's history and connection to the Sonoma Mission, Nancy Cline opened the California Missions Museum on the property in 2005. The museum was built to house a full set of California Mission models that were constructed by a team of German cabinetmakers for the 1939 Golden Gate International Exposition. In 1998, the Cline family saved the California Mission models from being auctioned off individually and built the museum for their display. The museum also features a life-sized figure of Father Junipero Serra, mission paintings by Robert Morris and Henry Nelson, and two stained-glass panels originally housed in San Francisco's Mission Dolores prior to the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. The museum is open to the public daily and admission is free of charge.
See also
Sonoma County wine
References
External links
Wineries in Sonoma County
Museums in Sonoma, California
History of Sonoma County, California
Tourist attractions in Sonoma County, California
Cardiphonia is the second album released by onehundredhours. It was released on Soul Survivor's Emerge label in 2002.
Track listing
I Won't Let the Rocks Cry Out (3:43)
Taste and See (4:10)
You Are Holy (4:43)
Were There Words (4:10)
You Have Been So Good to Me (4:12)
Close to Me (3:37)
At the Foot of the Cross (4:52)
2005 Re-Release
After the success of Stronger Than My Heart, Cardiphonia and Lift were both re-released by Survivor Records in a 2 compact disc set in 2005. This was met with kind regard by critics and fans alike, as the independent releases would be available to be bought together and would receive an increased publicity.
2002 albums
Onehundredhours albums
Lippomanus is a genus of seed bugs in the subfamily Anthocorinae (tribe Almeidini), erected by William Lucas Distant 1904.
Species
BioLib lists:
Lippomanus brevicornis Yamada & Hirowatari, 2004
Lippomanus hirsutus Distant, 1904 = type species
References
External links
Anthocoridae
A Week's Vacation () is a 1980 French drama film directed by Bertrand Tavernier. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
Nathalie Baye - Laurence Cuers
Gérard Lanvin - Pierre
Flore Fitzgerald - Anne
Michel Galabru - Mancheron
Jean Dasté - Le père de Laurence
Marie-Louise Ebeli - La mère de Laurence
Philippe Delaigue - Jacques, le frère de Laurence
Geneviève Vauzeilles - Lucie
Philippe Léotard - Le docteur Sabouret
Philippe Noiret - Michel Descombes
Jean-Claude Durand - Philippe
Catherine Anne Duperray - Josiane Lalande, le professeur chahuté (as Catherine-Anne Duperray)
Jean Sourbier - André
André Mortamais - Le client
Thierry Herbivo - Jean Mancheron
Nils Tavernier - Patrice
References
External links
1980 films
Films set in Lyon
Films shot in Lyon
1980s French-language films
1980 drama films
Films directed by Bertrand Tavernier
French drama films
1980s French films
Uta Levka (born 1942) is a former German film and television actor active during the 1960s and early 1970s. They were discovered by the actor Maria Schell while working at the Bavaria Studios in Munich and appeared in a succession of glamorous roles. They appeared in three of the popular Edgar Wallace adaptations of Rialto Film. They played the lead in the 1967 film Carmen, Baby.
Selected filmography
Der unheimliche Mönch (1965)
The Hunchback of Soho (1966)
Black Market of Love (1966)
The Alley Cats (1966)
Carmen, Baby (1967)
Operation St. Peter's (1967)
The Hound of Blackwood Castle (1968)
De Sade (1969)
The Oblong Box (1969)
Scream and Scream Again (1970)
References
Bibliography
External links
1942 births
Living people
People from Cottbus
People from the Province of Brandenburg
German film actores
20th-century German actores
The Southern Oregon Raiders are the athletic teams that represent Southern Oregon University, located in Ashland, Oregon, in intercollegiate sports as a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA), primarily competing in the Cascade Collegiate Conference (CCC) for most of its sports since the 1993–94 academic year; while its football team competes in the Frontier Conference, and its wrestling team competes as an Independent.
History
Southern Oregon University adopted the nickname "Red Raiders" for its sports teams in 1946. The name was in reference to the abundant Native American tribe, the Modoc people, that had existed in Southern Oregon. In 1980 "Red" was removed from the nickname. The red-tailed hawk was adopted in 1998 to appease campus groups calling for a mascot and still respecting the Native American culture. The athletics logo of Southern Oregon has been through 7 editions, the most recent coming in 2011.
Varsity teams
Southern Oregon competes in 20 intercollegiate varsity sports: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, cycling, football, golf, soccer, track & field and wrestling; women's sports include basketball, beach volleyball, cheerleading, cross-country, cycling, dance, golf, soccer, softball, track & field, volleyball and wrestling. Club sports include baseball, crew, judo, lacrosse, rugby, skiing, men's soccer, swimming, men's tennis and ultimate frisbee.
Championships
National Championships
Football - National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) National Champions: 2014
Cross Country National (Men's) Champions: 2010, 2016
Wrestling National Champions: 1978, 1983, 1994, 2001
Softball National Champions: 2019, 2021
Conference Championships
Men's Basketball: 1998–99, 2004–05
Women's Basketball: 1992–93, 1997–98, 1998–99. 2001–02, 2002–03, 2007–08, 2015–16
Men's Cross Country: 2004, 2005, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
Football: 1946, 1947, 1948, 1955, 1957, 1961, 1962, 1964, 1965, 1983, 1990, 2001, 2012
Softball: 2003, 2004, 2005, 2016
Men's Track & Field: 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2013, 2014, 2016, 2017
Women's Track & Field: 2000, 2001, 2002
Volleyball: 1991, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011
Facilities
Raider Stadium
Raider Stadium was built in 1983 and cost $1.55 million and is the home venue for Southern Oregon's American football and track and field teams. The stadium seats 4,000 with a covered grandstand on the west side of the field and risers on the east side. The field at the stadium, named Fuller Field after John Fuller, has been the home field of the Raiders' football team since 1955. In 1999 the Meyer Fitness Center, which lies under the grandstand, was renovated to include a second floor, effectively doubling the floor space available for use.
McNeal Pavilion
Completed in 1957, McNeal Pavilion played host to both men's and women's basketball, women's volleyball and wrestling. The first of two changes to McNeal occurred in 1990 when the seating in the main arena was doubled to 1,400 during a complete building renovation. The second change happened during the 1998–99 season and involved resurfacing the gym floor and installing 550 new seat-backs for the seats on the east side of the gym. McNeal Pavilion also included a swimming pool, racquetball courts, a rock climbing gym, and training rooms. McNeal was torn down in 2016.
University Field
Behind the scoreboard at Raider Stadium lies University Field. Used from 2000 until 2014 for women's soccer, the field used risers as its sole type of seating. Soccer has been played at Raider Stadium since 2014.
Softball Complex
Softball Complex, formerly a baseball field, is a collection of three regulation fields with 500 seats at the main field. The complex has been used solely for softball, as the University does not play baseball, since the program was reinstated in 2000 after a 17-year hiatus.
References
External links
Bad Saarow Klinikum station is a railway station in the municipality of Bad Saarow in the district Oder-Spree of Brandenburg. It is served by the line .
The station, which is situated near the local hospital, was opened on 24 October 2011.
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Buildings and structures in Oder-Spree
Railway stations in Germany opened in 2011
William John Walker (25 May 1883 – 17 July 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
A ruck shepherd, Walker was a best and fairest winner at Fitzroy in 1909. They were a member of premiership sides in 1904, 1905 and 1913, the latter as club captain. They were the last surviving player on either team from the 1906 VFL Grand Final.
References
External links
1883 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Fitzroy Football Club players
Fitzroy Football Club Premiership players
Mitchell Medal winners
1971 deaths
Three-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Viktoria Hansen was born in Aarhus, Denmark, and is an English singer-songwriter, recording artist and vocal coach. Them professional career started in musical theatre at age 13 in their home town Aarhus, Denmark.
Hansen is responsible for songwriting many successful music artists' careers, including those of Aggro Santos, Kimberly Wyatt, Girls Can't Catch, The Saturdays, Lena, Medina, Cover Drive and Twenty Twenty. In 2013, they co-wrote the music for I will pray (Pregherò) performed by Giorgia and Alicia Keys.
Early years
They started in the town of Aarhus, Denmark where they trained as a dancer exploring such diverse genres as Classical Ballet, Latin Dance, and Street Dance before gradually moving into singing and songwriting.
At 13 they started to perform professionally in musical theatre performing lead roles and at 18 started performing their own songs at Open Mic nights around Scandinavia. These intimate gigs with a one-to-one audience became a window to their life and gained them a substantial following.
Career
In 2006, they released their solo album, Lost My Balance, which was critically acclaimed in Scandinavia, and brought them to the attention of record producer Barry Blue who signed them to their company Frontline Music in 2006. To further their abilities for vocal technique, Hansen enrolled at the Complete Vocal Institute in Copenhagen, Denmark in 2007 to study under the vocal coach Catherine Sadolin.
In early 2010, Hansen moved to London, England, and has had a string of releases including songwriting with Gary Barlow, Steve Robson and Harry Sommerdahl.
They have had two major hits in the United Kingdom in 2010. Girls Can't Catch, "Echo" released on Polydor Records in January 2010, which reached number 19 in the UK Singles Chart and "Candy" by Aggro Santos featuring Kimberly Wyatt in May 2010, which reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart and stayed in the top 40 for 11 weeks. "Candy" has reached over 220,000 download sales earning a BPI silver sales certification award. Them songs have been featured on many major TV shows and "Candy" was featured in the film, Street Dance 3D, which was a UK top box office film grossing over £11,000,000 in eight weeks of release.
Them songs were on the top 3 compilation albums of 2010.
External links
Music Week Article featuring their song Candy
Discogs on Viktoria Hansen
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English women singer-songwriters
The Egyptian Will Party () is an Egyptian political party made up of retired members of the Egyptian military.
References
2013 establishments in Egypt
Political parties established in 2013
Political parties in Egypt
Mount Cairnes is a mountain summit in the Saint Elias Mountains on the boundary line of Kluane National Park in Yukon, Canada. The mountain is situated west of Haines Junction, southeast of Kluane Lake, and can be seen from the Alaska Highway midway between the two. Its nearest higher peak is Mount Maxwell, to the southwest. The mountain's name was officially adopted February 3, 1981, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada. Clive Elmore Cairnes (1892–1954) was active with the Geological Survey of Canada as well as the Geographic Board of Canada until their retirement in 1953. They were related to noted geologist DeLorme Donaldson Cairnes (1879–1917), for whom this mountain is named.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Cairnes is located in a subarctic climate with long, cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. Precipitation runoff from the peak and meltwater from its pocket glaciers drains into tributaries of the Kaskawulsh River.
See also
List of mountains of Canada
Geography of Yukon
References
External links
Parks Canada website: Kluane
Weather forecast: Mount Cairnes
Two-thousanders of Yukon
Saint Elias Mountains
Kluane National Park and Reserve
The following is a comprehensive list of releases from French electronic music record label Ed Banger Records.
Singles and extended plays
Albums and long plays
Compilations
Soundtracks
Notes
References
External links
Ed Banger Records catalogue
Discographies of French record labels
Rocket Lawyer is an online legal technology company founded by Charley Moore in 2008, based in San Francisco, California. It provides individuals and small to medium-sized businesses with online legal services—including incorporation, estate plans, and legal document review. The company also provides a network of attorneys that consumers and small businesses can consult with on legal issues through its On Call service. In 2012, Rocket Lawyer UK was launched.
History
Beginnings
In 1996, Moore graduated from UC Berkeley School of Law and began their career as an attorney at Venture Law Group where they participated in the early-stage representation of Yahoo! and Web TV. In 1998, they founded OnStation Corporation to provide software to the automotive industry. Then, in 2008, they founded Rocket Lawyer to provide an affordable way for companies to access legal advice. Moore's idea for Rocket Lawyer was to create an easy-to-use platform where legal documents could be created and shared by everyone. In 2009, they sold their company, OnStation Corp, and used the money from the sale to grow Rocket Lawyer.
From the beginning, the company has targeted entrepreneurs; its initial sales model offered a basic plan and a pro plan, both of which charged entrepreneurs for individual legal documents at a lower cost than standard attorney rates. Under the basic plan, the company provided interactive legal templates and step-by-step instructions to help businesses. The pro plan gave customers access to consultations, document review, and legal representation from local attorneys.
After the late-2000s recession, Rocket Lawyer switched to a monthly subscription-based model to increase sales. After making this change, Rocket Lawyer increased its annual revenue from $1 million in 2008 to $5 million in 2009, and increased its monthly visitors from 150,000 to 900,000 over the same period.
Growth
In January 2009, Rocket Lawyer raised $2 million from LexisNexis and appointed LexisNexis executive Ralph Calistri to its board. In December 2009, Dan Nye, the former CEO of LinkedIn, joined Rocket Lawyer's board of directors. Nye was initially brought on as a board member, but after a few months was named to president and CEO. This allowed Moore to transition to Executive Chairman. Nye focused on improving Rocket Lawyer's customer service and utilizing an analytical approach to new products, including allowing customers to create free legal documents. This helped Rocket Lawyer boost new accounts from tens of thousands a month to over 100,000 a month.
In 2010, Rocket Lawyer received $7 million in equity financing from Investor Growth Capital in order to expand operations. In July 2011, the company raised $18.5 million in a Series D round of financing from August Capital, Google Ventures and Investor Growth Capital. Five months later, in December 2011, Rocket Lawyer raised an additional $10.79 million from Industry Ventures, bringing its total funding to $43 million. By 2011, Rocket Lawyer reached $20 million in annual revenue.
In 2012 Rocket Lawyer launched in the UK, and then in 2016 they launched in continental Europe in partnership with the French legal publisher Éditions Lefebvre Sarrut, a direct competitor of Rocket Lawyer's lead seed investor LexisNexis.
In January 2013, the company acquired LawPivot, a legal question-and-answer service. From October 2015 to January 2016, Rocket Lawyer partnered with the American Bar Association (ABA) on a pilot project designed to help consumers find lawyers and attorneys find business. Information from the project was used to help the ABA with potential future Law Connect programs.
In September 2018, Rocket Lawyer started integrating blockchain technology into its legal transactions in order to provide “smart contracts” for its clients. The service was beta-tested in 2018, and offered commercially starting in 2019. Under the new service, called Rocket Wallet, contracts are secured and executed automatically with blockchain encryption technology. Rocket Lawyer works with the blockchain company ConsenSys and OpenLaw to provide Rocket Wallet.
In 2018, Rocket Lawyer UK received a waiver from the Solicitors Regulation Authority (SRA) to allow practicing solicitors to advise Rocket Lawyer's clients. In 2017, the SRA had approved a rule change to allow solicitors to practice from unregulated firms. The rule was not introduced until 2019, so, in the meantime, SRA offered waivers to qualifying companies.
Rocket Lawyer created the COVID-19 Legal Center in April 2020, with free advice, information, and legal documents for business owners during the pandemic. It provided a worksheet to help owners determine what benefits and loans they were eligible for. In September, they became the first national company to be approved by the Utah Supreme Court to participate in the state's "regulatory sandbox", a seven-year pilot program for non-lawyer ownership of legal services.
Services
Online services
Rocket Lawyer provides online legal services for individuals and small to medium-sized businesses ranging from prenuptial agreements to incorporating businesses. The online legal services are available to Rocket Lawyer account holders, and give access to online legal forms, help articles, and also extend to discounts with local attorneys. Rocket Lawyer's online database of legal forms was the original premise of the company, and has since expanded to include various other services.
Attorney services
In addition to the do-it-yourself legal services, Rocket Lawyer offers consumers and businesses access to a network of lawyers who can review customers' legal documents, answer questions, and provide other legal services. For example, if a user needs assistance in creating or editing a legal document, they or they can be connected directly to a local attorney who can provide guidance.
Legal Health Score
In 2008, Rocket Lawyer introduced Legal Health Score, which helps individuals and businesses understand their level of legal wellness. The score, which is a number between 1 and 100, is based on considerations like whether a business has incorporated or whether legal contracts are in writing. Rocket Lawyer then provides both a step-by-step walk through of all the basics needed to improve a user's legal heath and a detailed action plan that companies can follow to remedy any legal vulnerabilities. Rocket Lawyer offers the Legal Health Score service to all types of accounts.
Competitors
As of 2017, LegalZoom is Rocket Lawyer's primary Internet-based competitor in the U.S. market for legal form documents. A personal finance article in USA Today stated the common perception that both LegalZoom and Rocket Lawyer allow consumers to save money on legal fees but also require some self-education and legal legwork; in other words both allow consumers to "save a few bucks by doing some of the work yourself."
Rocket Lawyer's competitors also include Nolo (formerly Nolo Press), the pioneering publisher of do-it-yourself legal guides and the creator of Quicken WillMaker software.
See also
eLawyering
References
External links
Online legal services
Law firms established in 2008
Internet properties established in 2008
Online companies of the United States
Companies based in San Francisco
GV companies
Legal organizations based in the United States
American legal websites
Charlotte Gingras (born December 10, 1943) is a Canadian author living in Quebec.
They were born in Quebec City and studied teaching and the plastic arts. Gingras taught primary school, gave workshops on creativity for adults and did freelance work as a visual artist.
Them book La liberté? Connais pas received the 1999 Governor General's Award for French-language children's literature. They received the same award in 2000 for Un été de Jade. In 2004, they received a for La boîte à bonheur. Them book Guerres was awarded the in 2012.
Selected works
Les Chats d'Aurélie, youth novel (1994)
L'Ile au géant, youth novel (1995)
Les sorts, stories (1999)
Freihet nimmt man sich, translated into German from La liberté? Connais pas by Rosemarie Griebel-Kruip (2001)
Emily's piano, translated from La boîte à bonheur by Susan Ouriou (2005)
Pieces of me, translated from La liberté? Connais pas by Susan Ouriou (2009)
Ophélie, youth novel (2008)
References
1943 births
Living people
Governor General's Award-winning children's writers
Writers from Quebec City
Canadian children's writers in French
Canadian women children's writers
William Lowther, 2nd Earl of Lonsdale, PC, FRS (21 July 1787 – 4 March 1872), styled Viscount Lowther between 1807 and 1844, was a British Tory politician.
Background
Lonsdale was the eldest son of William Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale, and Lady Augusta, daughter of John Fane, 9th Earl of Westmorland. Henry Lowther was their younger brother. They were educated at Harrow and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Political career
Lonsdale was returned to parliament for Cockermouth in 1808, a seat they held until 1813, and later represented Westmorland between 1813 and 1831 and 1832 and 1841, Dunwich in 1832 and West Cumberland between 1832 and 1833. They were sworn of the Privy Council in 1818 and served under the Duke of Wellington as First Commissioner of Woods and Forests between 1828 and 1830 and under Sir Robert Peel as Treasurer of the Navy and Vice-President of the Board of Trade between 1834 and 1835.
In 1841 they were summoned to the House of Lords through a writ of acceleration in their father's junior title of Baron Lowther and held office under Peel as Postmaster General between 1841 and 1845. In 1844 they succeeded their father in the earldom of Lonsdale. They held their last ministerial office as Lord President of the Council, with a seat in the cabinet, in 1852, in the Earl of Derby's first administration.
Lonsdale was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 5 July 1810. They were also Lord Lieutenant of Cumberland and Westmorland between 1844 and 1868.
Personal life
Lord Lonsdale never married, but had at least three illegitimate children they acknowledged. They left them substantial sums in their will. An opera enthusiast, it is believed all of their children were born to opera singers or dancers. Their daughter with Caroline Saintfal, Marie Caroline, was born in Paris in 1818. In Recent years have now found they had Robert Lowther out of wedlock (1816-1895) Mother: Rose Lowther (1796-1828)
Another daughter born the same year, Frances Lowther ("Fanny" to the family, 1818–1890), was registered as the daughter of "Narcisse Chassepomp", in fact Pierre-Narcisse Chaspoux, formerly a dancer at the Paris Opera and then in London, who in 1821 gave birth to the artist Charles Meryon. Frances (Fanny) married Henry Broadwood MP (1793–1878, of the piano-making family), and was the mother of Brig-Gen. Arthur Broadwood (1848–1928). With Emilia Cresotti, an Italian opera singer, they fathered Francis William Lowther (1841–1908), who was the father of Claude Lowther MP and Toupie Lowther.
They died in their London house at 15 Carlton House Terrace on 4 March 1872, aged 84, and was succeeded in the earldom and to Lowther Castle by their nephew, Henry. On the day they died they waited in their carriage outside a London auction house, while an agent bid on their behalf on some lots of porcelain. Of an estate valued at £700,000 (without the entailed land), Francis William and Fanny were bequeathed £125,000 each, and Francis's son £25,000.
A marble bust of them was sculpted by Edward Bowring Stephens, now in the National Trust collection at Hughenden Manor, Buckinghamshire.
References
Collins, Roger, Charles Meryon: A Life, 1999, Garton & Company, , 9780906030356
External links
1787 births
1872 deaths
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
People from Cumberland
British racehorse owners and breeders
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
2
Fellows of the Royal Society
Lord-Lieutenants of Cumberland
Lord-Lieutenants of Westmorland
Lord Presidents of the Council
Lords of the Admiralty
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
United Kingdom Postmasters General
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Lowther, William Lowther, Viscount
Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society
Lonsdale, E2
William
People from Westmorland
Snapper Point is an Australian conservation zone a few hundred meters away from Frazer Park beach, located near Catherine Hill Bay, New South Wales. The area around and on Snapper Point consists of steep, jagged volcanic rocks.
Deaths
At least 16 people have been reported as having died at Snapper Point.
References
Parks in New South Wales
Headlands of New South Wales
The 1964 state highway renumbering was a reorganization of state highways in the U.S. state of Washington. The new system, based on sign routes (SR, later changed to state routes), replaced the primary and secondary highway system implemented in 1937. It was first signed in January 1964 and codified into the Revised Code of Washington in 1970.
History
The former numbering system of primary and secondary state highways, using lettered suffixes and unnamed branches, created confusion for motorists as the system expanded. The system also ignored, or conflicted with, the federal highway system and the then-developing Interstate Highway System. The state highway department originally planned for a major highway renumbering in 1957, expanding on the existing primary and secondary system with numbers as high as 59, but serious consideration of a full-scale renumbering began in 1962. It had the specific goal of replacing letter suffixes with two- and three-digit numbers, which would not repeat or conflict with each other or with federal route numbers.
In 1963, the Washington State Legislature passed a law authorizing the creation of a new state highway numbering system under the direction of the Washington State Highway Commission. The law came in response to confusion experienced by tourists visiting during the 1962 World's Fair, held in Seattle. The highway commission approved its numbering plan in June 1963, using even numbers for east–west routes and odd numbers for north–south routes; primary routes would have lower numbers, while secondary routes would use the first digit to indicate its parent route. Federal highways, including Interstate highways, would retain their designations and be incorporated into the system. The new numbering system took effect on January 15, 1964, and new signs were posted at a cost of $115,000.
Route renumbering
New Sign Route numbers
References
Washington State Highway Commission, Identification of State Highways, December 1, 1965
External links
Highways of Washington State
Renumbering
Renumbering
State Highway Renumbering (Washington), 1964
State Highway Renumbering (Washington), 1964
History of Washington (state)
Lists of roads in Washington (state)
Highway renumbering in the United States
Hangzhou No. 4 High School () is a public, co-educational, high school in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China. It was established in 1899 by Lin Qi as one of the earliest-founded public high schools in Hangzhou.
Notable alumni
Chen Shutong(), politician, representative to the National Assembly, chairperson of the Commercial Press and The National Commercial Bank, and vice-chairperson of both the National People's Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Ma Xulun(), politician, activist, and linguist, one of the co-founders of the China Association for Promoting Democracy, early member of the Tongmenghui, professor at Peking University, director of education of Zhejiang Province, Minister of Education in 1949 and Minister of Higher Education in 1952, vice-president of the 4th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, and academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Jiang Menglin(), educator, writer, and politician, President of Peking University and Zhejiang University, head of the Sino-American Joint Commission on Rural Reconstruction, Minister of Education and General Secretary of Executive Yuan.
Jin Yong() GMB OBE, novelist and essayist who co-founded the Hong Kong daily newspaper Ming Pao.
Li Linsi(), educator, diplomat and scholar, diplomatic consultant to Chiang Kai-shek, co-founder of the China branch of the United Nations and China Institute of World Cultural Cooperation at the League of Nations.
Lin Shu(), scholar, most famous for theirs introducing Western literature to a whole generation of Chinese readers.
Pan Tianshou(), artist, director and professor of China Academy of Art.
Qian Jiazhi(), educator.
Wu Fuzhi(), artist, professor of China Academy of Art.
Shen Yinmo(), poet and calligrapher.
Yu Dafu(), writer and poet.
Xu Zhimo(), writer and poet.
References
External links
Education in Hangzhou
High schools in Zhejiang
Aroldo Casali (18 October 1925 – 10 February 2015) was a Sammarinese sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1925 births
2015 deaths
Sammarinese male sport shooters
Italian male sport shooters
Italian people of Sammarinese descent
Olympic shooters of San Marino
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from Forlì
Sportspeople from the Province of Forlì-Cesena
The Pearl River County Library System serves the people of Pearl River County. Its headquarters are located at the Margaret Reed Crosby Memorial Library in Picayune, Mississippi and a branch library is in Poplarville, Mississippi.
References
External links
Official website
Public libraries in Mississippi
Education in Pearl River County, Mississippi
This is a list of games in the 2017 version of British game show The Crystal Maze, sorted by zone.
The coloured backgrounds denote the type of game:
- Mental
- Mystery
- Physical
- Skill
ALIS - Automatic Lock-in Situation
Aztec Zone
Futuristic Zone
Industrial Zone
Medieval Zone
Eastern Zone
References
Lists of British television series episodes
Wiesentheid is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
History
It was first mentioned in 918 as "Wisenheida". Mediatization in 1806 brought the former county of Schönborn into the Grand Duchy of Würzburg, along with which it became part of the Kingdom of Bavaria in 1814. The Bavarian Municipal Edict of 17 May 1818 (Gemeindeedikt (de)) formed today's Wiesentheid.
Main sights
Count's Castle Wiesentheid
Kanzleistrasse – street with historic administrative buildings
Schlossparkanlage – castle garden (English)
catholic Church of Saint Maurice built by Balthasar Neumann
historic vicarage
historic town hall
crucifixion memorial built by Jacob van der Auvera
historic Mariensäule (memorial of Mother Mary)
Sister city
Rouillac, Charente, France
Personalities
Johann Georg Fuchs von Dornheim, (1586–1633), prince-bishop of Bamberg, and fighters for the counter-reformation as well as ruthless sorcerers ("Hexenbrenner").
Carl Stumpf (1848–1936), philosopher, psychologist and musicologist
References
External links
Official website
grammar school Steigerwald Landschulheim Wiesentheid
Kitzingen (district)
Franconian Circle
The Red Cross Society of Bosnia and Herzegovina (RCS BiH) is a component of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement (hereinafter: Movement). It was recognized by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) on 8 May 2001 and admitted as a member to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) on 7 November 2001.
The relevant provisions of the law and the statutes define the RCS BiH as a humanitarian organization of citizens of BiH, recognized and authorized to pursue certain humanitarian goals, tasks and public authority with regard to health education activities, social protection, tracing service and other program activities in peace time and during natural and other disasters, emergency situations, in accordance with the principles of humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality.
RCS BiH is the only Red Cross organization which is operational throughout the entire territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is composed of the Red Cross of the Federation of BiH, the Red Cross of Republika Srpska and the Red Cross of Brcko District BiH. ''
Services
RCS BiH has modern, widely recognized and accepted programs. with its single network of Red Cross organizations and volunteers, which represent the foundation of the organization, RCS BiH, independently or in partnership with the governmental institutions or other non-governmental humanitarian organizations, has initiated and conducted a series of activities in response to the needs of the most vulnerable categories of population.
Programs:
Tracing service
International cooperation
Dissemination
Children and youth
Healthcare
Disaster preparedness and response
Mine risk education
Social activity
External links
Profile
Red Cross Society of Bosnia and Herzegovina Official Web Site
References
International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies page about Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Red Cross Society of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Allegations from page 32 of Mohammed Nechle's unclassified dossier
Bosnia and Herzegovina
2000 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Medical and health organizations based in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Thomas Ritchey (January 19, 1801 – March 9, 1863) was an American politician who served two non-consecutive terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio in the mid-19th century.
Biography
Born in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, Ritchey moved to Somerset, Ohio.
They attended the common schools.
They engaged in agricultural pursuits.
Treasurer of Perry County in 1835, 1837, and 1839.
Congress
Ritchey was elected as a Democrat to the Thirtieth Congress (March 4, 1847 – March 3, 1849).
Ritchey was elected to the Thirty-third Congress (March 4, 1853 – March 3, 1855).
Later career and death
They engaged in agricultural pursuits near Somerset, Ohio, until their death on March 9, 1863.
They were interred in the Zion Methodist Episcopal Cemetery, Madison Township, Perry County, Ohio.
Sources
External links
1801 births
1863 deaths
People from Bedford County, Pennsylvania
People from Somerset, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Henri Theodore Young (born June 20, 1911 – disappeared 1972) was an American convicted bank robber and murderer who, while serving one of a series of prison terms, attempted a 1939 escape from Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary with four other inmates. During the escape attempt two inmates were shot, and one died of their wounds. All survivors were quickly recaptured. Two of the men, Young and Rufus McCain, were sentenced to solitary confinement and served the terms at Alcatraz for a period of three years (until autumn of 1942). Eleven days after re-entering the Alcatraz general prison population in 1942, Young murdered fellow escapee McCain.
No apparent motive was ever disclosed for this crime. Young's defense put Alcatraz and the penal system on trial, leading to questions about how the prison was run. In 1948, Young was transferred from Alcatraz to the Medical Center for Federal Prisoners, Springfield, Missouri. Upon completion of their federal sentence, they were later transferred to Washington State Penitentiary at Walla Walla to begin a life sentence for a 1933 murder conviction.
After release from Walla Walla, Young "jumped parole" in 1972 and their whereabouts were reported as "unknown". Young was portrayed as a fictional character of the same name in the film Murder in the First (1995), in which they were played by actor Kevin Bacon. Henri Young is the subject of the song "Behind the Eyes of Henri Young", featured on the album Dragonfly (2017), by Australian singer Kasey Chambers.
Life
Young was born in Kansas City, Missouri on June 20, 1911. Beginning a life of crime, they became a bank robber and was known for aggressively taking hostages.
In 1933, Young was convicted of murder in Washington state. After serving time in prisons in Washington and Montana for other crimes, they were sent to the federal prison on Alcatraz Island. On the night of January 13, 1939, Young, with prisoners Rufus McCain, Arthur Barker, Dale Stamphill, and William Martin, attempted to escape. Martin, Young, and McCain surrendered, while Barker and Stamphill refused to surrender and were subsequently shot. Barker eventually died from their injuries.
At their trial for McCain's murder in 1942, Young and their attorney argued that the harsh system at Alcatraz had brutalized and dehumanized him. According to the San Francisco Examiner,
"Emphasis which [the defense] repeatedly laid on the fact that Young was in isolation or solitary confinement for more than three years—and that they drove their knife into McCain's abdomen just eleven days after release from such confinement, made it clear that the defense hopes to show not only that Young was 'punch drunk' but that the punches were administered by the Alcatraz 'system'."
Describing conditions in solitary confinement, Young said:
In 1954, Young was transferred to the Washington State Penitentiary at Walla Walla to begin a life sentence for the 1933 murder conviction. They were released from Washington State Penitentiary in 1972, at age 61. They "jumped parole and, according to Washington State authorities, their whereabouts are unknown." No further records exist on Young.
Issues with film
The film Murder in the First (1995) has a number of inaccuracies compared to the facts of Young's life. It mistakenly presents Young as being arrested for stealing $5 in order to feed themselves and their younger sister. It shows that they were tortured by officials after their escape attempt. It shows them killing McCain in the cafeteria immediately after their return to the general population, rather than later. It also showed that they were found dead in their prison cell in 1942, just before their appeal, with the word "victory" on the wall.
As noted above, Young had a prior murder conviction before arriving at Alcatraz. They were transferred from Alcatraz to serve the remainder of that murder sentence later in life at a Washington state prison. They disappeared after jumping parole after being released in 1972 from Walla Walla.
See also
List of fugitives from justice who disappeared
References
External links
United States Penitentiary Conduct Report
San Francisco History, Henri Young – Alcatraz Killing, San Francisco Genealogy
1911 births
Year of death unknown
American escapees
Escapees from the United States federal government detention
Inmates of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary
People from Montana
American people convicted of manslaughter
American people convicted of robbery
American people convicted of murder
Bracha Peli () (1892–1986) was the founder and owner of the Israeli publishing house, Massada. They were the driving force behind the publication of Encyclopaedia Hebraica, and is credited with starting Israel's annual Hebrew Book Week.
Biography
Bronya Kutzenok (later Bracha Peli) was born in Starovitzky, a small village in Russia, now Ukraine to a family of Hasidic Jews. They were the eldest of seven children. Them father, Shmuel Kutzenok, was a wealthy lumber merchant who supplied timber for artillery wagons to the Russian army. Them mother, Sarah, ran the village general store. They acquired an education by overhearing their brothers' lessons. Early on, they became proficient in Yiddish, Russian and Hebrew. In 1905, when they were about to study at a Gymnasium in Kiev, pogroms against the Jews erupted, disrupting their plans. They waited two years to complete their secondary education and study economics.
In 1914, after their mother died of tuberculosis, Peli met a young Zionist teacher, Meir Pilipovetsky, whom they married against their family's wishes. After their son, Alexander, was born they opened a Jewish secondary school that attracted 400 students in its first year.
In July 1921, Peli and their husband left Russia for Palestine, settling in Tel Aviv. In 1926, Peli opened a stall in Tel Aviv to sell books cheaply, which led to the inauguration of an annual event. Today Hebrew Book Week is a national 10-day event. The Encyclopaedia Hebraica project began using Bracha Peli's publishing house in 1946 with their son, Alexander, supervising. The last volume was published in 1996.
Bracha Peli died in 1986.
See also
Hebrew literature
References
1892 births
1986 deaths
Encyclopedists
Israeli chief executives
Israeli Ashkenazi Jews
Israeli publishers (people)
20th-century Israeli business persons
Naturalized citizens of Israel
Businesspeople from Kyiv
Businesspeople from Tel Aviv
Ukrainian emigrants to Mandatory Palestine
Ukrainian Ashkenazi Jews
Zionists
Ukrainian schoolteachers
Hwang Young-min (; born December 23, 1981), best known as Tim (), is a Korean-American singer based in South Korea.  They are referred to as South Korea's "ballad prince." They debuted in 2003 with the album, First Tim, which included the hit ballad, "I Love You."
Life and career
Early life and works
Tim was born in Philadelphia and raised just west of the city in Upper Darby to a Christian family with their father as a pastor for a local church, and has four brothers. They were exposed to a musical environment early on as a child. At their father's church, they naturally learned to play various instruments like the saxophone and piano. Throughout their childhood, Tim pursued musical activities in both schools and churches, as a member of the church choir and a saxophonist in the school jazz band. However, until they were picked up by an entertainment agency, they had never thought of becoming a professional singer. During their high school career, Tim also modeled and acted.
Prior to their singing debut, however, Tim was in charge of an MTV Korea program called "Tim's World" (started on December 2, 2002) which showed documentaries on the path and struggles of new singers like himself.
Debut
The story told as by Tim has it that at the age of 20, Tim was approached by a Korean pop music producer (the son of a fellow church member). After listening to a tape, it was requested that Tim fly to Korea for a full audition to make a debut as a pop singer in Korea. Though they and their family had a very conservative background, Tim decided to fly to Seoul alone for the first time, give up their life as a college student and try their hand at becoming a Korean pop singer. Having never had visited Korea until they graduated from high school, Tim spent the first two years in Korea focusing on learning the Korean language and preparing for their debut as a singer. While training for their debut album, Tim was very fortunate to have met Yoon Sang, one of the top songwriters in Korea and also a great senior and mentor as a singer. Yoon Sang wrote "사랑합니다 (I Love You)," a soft ballad that matches Tim's voice and image perfectly. Tim was supported by Yoon Sang in creating their musical style, and their debut album (released April 21, 2003 by Yejeon Media) received great response. Tim began gaining great recognition in the local pop music market when senior ballad singers like Shin Seung Hun commented favorably on Tim's music. Their second album Second Breath was able to mirror the success of their first album with the hits "Gomawottago. .. (I Was Thankful)" and "Iyagi (The Story)."
They have since appeared on a number of Korean variety shows such as Love Letter, Strong Heart, X-Man, Star Golden Bell, and Heroine 6.
TV Series: "SARANGHAE, I LOVE YOU" with Revalina S. Temat (2012)
Personal life
In 2020, Tim married business person Kim Bo-ra, with whom they had been in a relationship for 8 years. Later, on March 29, 2022, their wife gave birth to their first son.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Contributed singles and songs
As featured artist
Music videos
Filmography
2017: Just for You
Awards
Notes
References
External links
Official Twitter
Artist Profile on Mnet
1981 births
American musicians of Korean descent
K-pop singers
Korean-language singers of the United States
Living people
Musicians from Philadelphia
Temple University alumni
21st-century American male singers
21st-century American singers
21st-century South Korean male singers
Craze may refer to:
Craze, alternative name for fad
Craziness, alternative name for insanity
Crazing, a network of fine cracks
People
DJ Craze (born 1977), Nicaraguan American DJ
Elizabeth Craze (born 1982), the youngest ever heart transplant survivor at time of surgery (1984)
Galaxy Craze (born 1970), American actor
Michael Craze (1942-1998), British actor, brother of Peter Craze
Nathan Craze (born 1986), Welsh professional ice hockey player
Peter Craze (born 1946), British actor, brother of Michael Craze
Events
Gin Craze in the first half of the 18th century in Britain
Tulip craze in the 17th century in the Dutch Republic
See also
Dance craze, alternative name for fad dance
Dance Craze, 1981 British documentary film
Craze, 1974 film starring Jack Palance and Diana Dors
Crazy (disambiguation)
Rehabilitation Counseling Bulletin is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of rehabilitation counseling. The journal's editors are Fong Chan (University of Wisconsin, Madison) and Timothy Tansey (University of Wisconsin, Madison). It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
Abstracting and indexing
Rehabilitation Counseling Bulletin is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases, Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 0.951, ranking it 52 out of 69 journals in the category "Rehabilitation".
References
External links
Hammill Institute on Disabilities
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1999
Rehabilitation medicine journals
The following lists events that happened during 1916 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
Events
The amir maintained their neutrality in World War I, and the state did not become involved in the troubles of Persia. At the end of the year information was published concerning a German mission sent to Afghanistan in the previous year. It appeared that Kaiser Wilhelm had sent a German officer, Lieut. Werner Otto von Hentig, accompanied by certain Indian revolutionaries who lived in Berlin, on a mission to the amir, with the object of inducing them to attack India. The members of the mission succeeded in making their way through Persia, by breaking up into small parties, and they remained in Afghanistan nearly a year. Nevertheless, the amir refused the Turco-German proposals, and after the mission left Afghanistan in May 1916, some of the members were captured by the Russians and British as they were trying to get back to Turkey.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Urecho is a village in the Mexican state of Querétaro. It is located in the municipality of Colón. It has 1,666 inhabitants, and is located at 2,100 meters above sea level.
References
Populated places in Querétaro
Lower Assendon is a village in the Assendon valley in the Chiltern Hills, about northwest of Henley-on-Thames in South Oxfordshire, England. The road between Henley and Wallingford passes the village. It was made into a turnpike in 1736 and ceased to be a turnpike in 1873. It is now classified the A4130. The village has a public house, The Golden Ball, that is now a gastropub. Henley Park is just east of the village. It was a medieval deer park and in 1300 became part of the manor of Henley. In the Georgian era the park was converted into a landscape garden with "beautiful inclosures descending in natural waving slopes from the house." Fairmile Cemetery, on a hillside southwest of the village, belongs to Henley Town Council.
References
Sources
External links
Assendon e-Museum
Villages in Oxfordshire
Go-Go Boots is the ninth studio album by American rock band Drive-By Truckers, first released February 14, 2011, on Play It Again Sam Records. It was produced by record producer David Barbe and recorded during 2009 to 2010, concurrently with sessions for the band's previous album The Big To-Do (2010). Upon its release, Go-Go Boots received positive reviews from most music critics.
Background
The majority of the album was recorded over three blocks of sessions during 2009. The 25 songs resulting from these sessions were split between The Big To-Do and its follow-up Go-Go Boots. After The Big To-Do'''s release, the band continued working on and tweaking the album throughout 2010, eventually recording 5 more songs for Go-Go Boots during this period. Go-Go Boots marks the eighth Drive-By Truckers album produced by David Barbe, and is the eighth Drive-By Trucker LP with artwork designed by Wes Freed.
The album was released in the United States on February 15 by ATO Records and in Europe on February 14, 2011 by Play It Again Sam Records. The album's first single, "The Thanksgiving Filter" (with "Used To Be A Cop" as the b-side) was released as a limited edition vinyl on November 26, 2010.
Music Go-Go Boots expands on the country and soul music influences of the band's previous work. Phil Mongredien of The Observer writes that "the influence of Aretha and Otis occasionally informs their country/southern rock fusion [...] with a smattering of 60s soul-inspired flourishes". The band's guitarist and frontman Patterson Hood described the album as their "most different and most Muscle Shoals sounding album." The band recorded two covers by fellow Muscle Shoals artist Eddie Hinton for the album. Bassist Shonna Tucker sings Hinton's "Where's Eddie", while Hood performs "Everybody Needs Love".
Of the album's content, Hood commented in a letter to fans, "If The Big To-Do was an action adventure summertime flick (albeit with some brainy and dark undercurrents) this one is a noir film." According to The Guardians Michael Hann, the album's themes focus on "lives turned sour; [...] that shuffles around the Deep South". Andy Gill of The Independent writes of its themes and characters, "the brooding protagonists of songs such as 'Ray's Automatic Weapon' and 'Used to Be a Cop' are captured on the cusp of catastrophe, at the end of their tether, while the adulterous itch prompted by a dancer's boots in the title-track bristles with portents of recrimination".
Reception
Critical response Go-Go Boots received positive reviews from most music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 78, based on 25 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". AllMusic editor Mark Deming complimented its noirish themes, stating "The craft of Patterson Hood and Mike Cooley's songwriting is as strong as ever, drawing believable characters and giving them lives that make dramatic sense". Deming noted an "impressive sense of dynamics" in the band's music and commented that "There are moments where Go-Go Boots recalls Exile on Main St., another album that makes much out of feel and the way musicians play off one another". Rolling Stone writer Jody Rosen described the album as "a raggedy revision of classic southern soul" and stated "It's a slight shift from DBT's usual muscular alt-country, but the rest is familiar: great storytelling [...] hinged to choruses that lodge in your cranium". Sean McCarthy of PopMatters viewed it as an improvement over their previous album, The Big To-Do, stating "the statements aren't nearly as boisterous, the mood is more consistent, and the characters that occupy the songs are more fleshed out". Peter Watts of Uncut praised the band's "writing absorbing tales of smalltown characters and setting them to raucous, life-affirming music", calling it "a more restrained affair, a country-soul stew populated by brooding ex-cops, frustrated movie stars, wife-murdering preachers and sweet old ladies".
However, Slant Magazines Jonathan Keefe criticized the band's songwriting and found Hood's observations "literal and tin-eared", writing that "Go-Go Boots aims for a soulful, introspective vibe, but it ends up as the dullest album in the Truckers's catalogue". Joseph Viney of Sputnikmusic wrote unfavorably of its musical style, stating "A majority of the songs keep to the same tempo and elicit little variety". Chicago Tribune writer Greg Kot commented that "a little more variation would've been welcome", but gave it three out of four stars and complimented its "acoustic-flavored country and soul colors". Pitchforks Stephen M. Deusner viewed the album as a departure from the "rock noise" of their previous albums, "indulging [Mike] Cooley's country jones as well as the band's more acoustic tendencies". Deusner called it "a more dynamic record" than The Big To-Do, noting "a greater textural range, from the noir ramble of 'Ray's Automatic Weapon' to the spidery tension of 'Used to Be a Cop', one of Hood's best character sketches". In their consumer guide for MSN Music, critic Robert Christgau wrote that "they turn down the boogie so we're sure to get the lyrics" and commented that "Cooley owns the best tunes and the best lines".
Accolades Uncut placed the album at number 19 on its list of "Top 50 albums of 2011" while Mojo placed the album at number 26.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits for Go-Go Boots adapted from Allmusic.
David Barbe – bass, engineer, mixing, producer
The Bottom Feeders – vocals, background vocals
Greg Calbi – mastering
Colin Cargile – archivist, monitor engineer
Mike Cooley – banjo, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, vocals
Matt DeFilippis – engineer
Wes Freed – artwork
Jay Gonzalez – accordion, Hammond B3, Piano, background vocals, Wurlitzer, singing saw
Lilla Hood – art direction
Patterson Hood – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, liner notes, vocals, background vocals
Craig Lieske – assistant
Jack Logan – vocals
Brad Morgan – drums
John Neff – dobro, guitar, pedal steel, sitar, slide guitar
John Salter – A&R
Supertramp Sanchez – accordion, soloist
Damon Scott – stage production
Slantbar Johnny – feedback
Jason Thrasher – photography
Shonna Tucker – bass, piano, vocals, background vocals
Drew Vandenberg – assistant engineer
Charts
References
External links
Go-Go Boots'' at Metacritic
The Big To-Do Commentary at Drive-By Truckers website
The Righteous Path - The Barnes & Noble Review — By Robert Christgau
2011 albums
ATO Records albums
Drive-By Truckers albums
Rhythm and blues albums by American artists
Southern soul albums
Burma participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974. Athletes from Burma won overall six medals, including one gold medal and finished 14th in a medal table.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
"Krank" is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM, the first single from their seventeenth studio album, WTF?!. It was released in North America on March 8, 2011, on the KMFDM and Metropolis record labels, and in Europe on March 11, 2011 on the Dependent label. None of the tracks on the Krank release are on the album, as the album features a different version of Krank, and does not feature any version of Day Of Light. The single features remix by band leader Sascha Konietzko, former band members Tim Skold and Bill Rieflin, and Sebastian Komor of Icon of Coil.
Cover art
The single's cover image was designed by longtime KMFDM cover artist Aidan "Brute!" Hughes, who said that they were asked by band founder Sascha Konietzko to create an illustration of the entire band. They used a variety of photos from the band's last tour and individually sketched all the band members before layering them together to create a caricatured group image.
Video
The band released a video for the song, their first in nine years, and first official video since 1997's "Megalomaniac" video. The video, which was simultaneously recorded in Seattle, Hamburg, and Portland, Oregon, was produced by Kelly Raine. The band released a teaser for the video a few weeks before the release of the single, which was then temporarily sold out on the band's website due to high demand.
Reception
"Krank" has been generally well received. The song was described as "adrenalin-pumping" and "self-assured" by Ross Hoon of Dominion Magazine. Mike Kieffer of Auxiliary Magazine called the single "nothing groundbreaking, yet still good", adding that the single hinted that the upcoming album WTF?! could be great. Niggels Uhlenbruch of Reflections of Darkness called the song "an aggressive stomper in the best KMFDM tradition", but also commented that it was "a bit like KMFDM by numbers". They described the mixes of the song as ready for club play.
In its second week of release, the song "Krank" reached No. 5 on the DAC German Alternative Chart. It also reached No. 15 on the US Billboard Top 100 Singles Chart and No. 3 on the US Billboard Top 25 Dance Singles Chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Lucia Cifarelli – vocals
Jules Hodgson – guitars
Sascha Konietzko – vocals (1–3), drums, programming, production, mixing
Steve White – guitars
William Wilson – vocals (4–5)
Additional personnel
Annabella Asia Konietzko – vocals (4–5)
Don Gunn – engineering
Sebastian Komor – mixing (2)
Bill Rieflin – mixing (3)
Tim Skold – mixing (4)
References
KMFDM songs
2011 songs
2011 singles
Songs written by Sascha Konietzko
Friskies PetCare Company was a division of Nestlé founded in 1985 that produced pet food. In 2001, it merged with Ralston Purina and became Nestlé Purina PetCare after Nestlé acquired all the outstanding shares of Ralston Purina.
Brands
Fancy Feast – gourmet cat food (introduced 1985)
Friskies – dry and wet cat food plus treats (introduced 1985)
Mighty Dog – dog food (introduced 1985)
Alpo – dog food (introduced 1994)
References
Animal food manufacturers
Pet food brands
Ralston Purina
American companies established in 1985
Food and drink companies established in 1985
Food and drink companies disestablished in 2001
Anya Theatre is a Bengali theatre group. The group was founded in 1985 by Bibhas Chakraborty.
History
Anya Theatre was founded by Bengali theatre personality Bibhas Chakraborty in 1985. They have been the director of the group since then. It is the only theatre group to have a theatre centre. The group came into prominence as a composite drama form. Anya Theatre is the only theatre group in the state to have a house of its own. It built a three-story building in the Salt Lake city which functions as a theatre centre. Anya Theatre has been organizing Natyaswapnakalpo, a theatre-related annual program being held on the New Year's Eve since 1999, involving the entire theatre fraternity of the state. Anya Theatre has been regularly inviting young and promising directors to direct plays for the young group during all this year's Dattatreya Dutta, Debesh Chattopadhyay, Ramaprasad Banik, Goutam Halder, Abanti Chakraborty, Arna Mukhopadhyay and have enriched the group with some outstanding productions involving our own actors and technicians.
Productions
(in alphabetical order)
Achhe Achhe Sthan
Charam Chikitsha
Hamlet
Jagakhichuri
Nakchhabita
Rajrakta
Revenge Factory
References
Bengali theatre groups
Theatre companies in India
José Luis Sánchez Paraíso (21 June 1942 – 18 July 2017) was a Spanish sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the men's 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics. They were also national champion twelve times; eight in the 100 metres (1963–66, 1971–73, and 1979) and four in the 200 metres (1962, 1964–65, and 1966).
References
External links
1942 births
2017 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Spanish male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Spain
Sportspeople from the Province of Salamanca
Samolus junceus in the family Primulaceae is a species of water pimpernel native to Western Australia.
Description
Samolus junceus is an erect or straggling, perennial herb, which grows from 15 cm to 120 cm high, and is almost leafless. Its flowers are white/pink, and may be seen from September to December or January to April. It grows in wet places on sandy, peaty and clayey soils.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by Robert Brown in 1810. There are no synonyms.
References
External links
samolus junceus occurrence data from GBIF
junceus
Plants described in 1810
Flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Molierissimo is a French animated television series in 26 25-minute episodes, produced by DIHR and broadcast October 1989 in Cabou Cadin 1 on Canal+. It was rebroadcast from 7 January 1992 in Amuse 3 on FR3.
Synopsis
A young boy of ten named Quentin joins troop Molière one day, and journeys through the kingdom of France.
Episodes
The mask and sword
The children in the family
The illustrious theater
Medea dress
The traveling theater
The stunned
The fight for Paris
The Prince de Conti
The removal
The vagaries of a large
Mr. King's brother
The big day
The La Grange book
The precious ridiculous
The mare
The arrest
The bombshell
The Royal Palace Theatre
Fugue
Vaux le Vicomte
Exile
The robbers
Night harlequins
Two young drums
Women's school
The pleasures of the enchanted island
Cast
Claude Giraud: Molière
Tania Torrens: Madeleine Béjart
Damien Boisseau: Quentin
François Chaumette: Bonaventure
Albert Augier: Cardinal Mazarin
Vincent Ropion: Louis XIV
Danièle Douet: Genevieve Bejart
Jean-Pierre Delage: Molière's Father
Paul Bisciglia: Pouillard (sidekick Marchenoir)
Maurice Sarfati: Narrator, The Chassieux (sidekick Marchenoir)
Maria Tamar: Anne of Austria
Jean-Pierre Leroux: Mr. King's brother
Anne Jarry: Clarisse Marquise de St Julien
Nicole Hiss: Louise Verville
Régis Lang: Comte de Verville
Jean-Luc Kayser: D'Artagnan (first voice), Cyrano de Bergerac (second voice)
Michel Le Royer: Cyrano de Bergerac (first voice)
Jean-Paul Solal: D'Artagnan (second voice)
Patrick Prejean: Scaramouche
Roger Carel: the head of the Court of Miracles
Claude Rollet: Comte de Rambouillet
External links
1980s French animated television series
French children's animated adventure television series
The Keyton M70 is a microvan and micro truck made by the Keyton (Qiteng) brand of Fujian Motors Group from 2014. Keyton or Qiteng is a brand under FQT Motor, making various compact MPVs, microvans, and delivery vans.
Overview
The Keyton M70 van variant is a two to five seat microvan and the first product of the Keyton brand. It is available as a standard wheelbase and a long wheelbase variant. The M70 was launched at the brand debut in 2014. Basic features include power windows, electronic mirrors, alloy wheels, USB port, and fog lamps.
Powertrain
At launch, power of the M70 passenger van comes from a 1.2 liter four-cylinder VVT petrol engine with 91 hp, mated to a five-speed manual transmission. As of 2020, only the panel van variant remains available. power of the M70 panel van comes from a 1.5 liter four-cylinder petrol engine with 122 hp, mated to a five-speed manual transmission.
Keyton M70 EV
The Keyton M70 EV is the electric delivery van variant of the M70 microvan, produced for the logistics industry. The Keyton M70 EV is the first electric vehicle of Keyton. Just like the gasoline version, the electric microvan comes in standard and long-wheelbase 'L' variants. The electric motor of the M70 EV has an output of 82 hp and 220 Nm. The M70 EV is available with battery packs in 21.82kWh, 32.74kWh, 39.9kWh and 41.86kWh, offering an NEDC range of 150 km, 215 km, 252 km, and 280 km. According to Keyton, fast-charging will take 2 hours and normal-charging takes 6 hours. The loading capacity of the M70 EV is 600 kilograms. Price of the M70 EV after subsidies starts at 75,800 yuan and ends at 112,800 yuan ($10,770 - US$16,032). The M70 EV was later also rebadged as the Golden Dragon Haishi Longyun GLE550, Yudo V01L, and Jinlu Righto (Ruidu) V3 (XML6498).
Golden Dragon Haishi Longyun GLE550
A rebadged variant of the Keyton M70 EV was sold by Golden Dragon as the Golden Dragon Haishi Longyun GLE550. The variant was also produced for the logistics industry. The Haishi Longyun GLE550 can be powered by batteries made by CATL or Huizhou Yipeng. The electric microvan is equipped with an electric motor reaching a maximum power of 80 kW and a maximum torque of 270 N.m.
References
Cars introduced in 2014
Cars of China
Minivans
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Circumstantial Evidence is a 1945 American film noir directed by John Larkin and starring Michael O'Shea, Lloyd Nolan, and Trudy Marshall.
Plot
Three witnesses swear they saw Joe Reynolds murder grumpy baker Kenny (Ben Welden) with a hatchet. Joe claims Kenny's fatal head wound was the result of a fall as they argued—the baker hit their head on an oven as they fell—but the eyewitness testimony prevails and Joe is sentenced to death in the electric chair. Their buddy Sam Lord has an uphill struggle to prove their innocence.
Cast
Michael O'Shea as Joe Reynolds
Lloyd Nolan as Sam Lord
Trudy Marshall as Agnes Hannon
Billy Cummings as Pat Reynolds
Ruth Ford as Mrs. Simms
Reed Hadley as Prosecutor
Roy Roberts as Marty Hannon
Scotty Beckett as Freddy Hanlon
Uncredited (in order of appearance)
Critical reception
Bosley Crowther, the film critic for The New York Times panned the film, writing, "Darryl Zanuck must have had their back turned when Circumstantial Evidence slipped out the front gate of the Twentieth Century-Fox Studio. For a sillier and more tediously worked-out piece of crime melodrama than the picture which opened yesterday at the Rialto hasn't reached Broadway in a long, long time. Circumstantial Evidence is so full of hackneyed and incredible plot turns that one can never get even slightly interested in the involved set of circumstances which almost send a quite innocent, if belligerent, Michael O'Shea to the electric chair."
References
External links
1945 films
1945 drama films
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
Film noir
Films scored by David Buttolph
American drama films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Sarah Glenn (born 27 August 1999) is an English cricketer who plays for the England women's cricket team as a leg break bowler. They also play for Worcestershire, Central Sparks and Trent Rockets. After making their England debut in 2019, they played in the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup and broke into the top 10 of the ICC T20I Bowling Rankings later that year. In September 2022, they rose to second in the Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) bowling rankings.
Early life
Glenn was born on 27 August 1999 in Derby. They were home-schooled for much of their early education, and later attended Trent College, where they played boys' first XI cricket. Them sister, Hannah, played cricket for Derbyshire between 2008 and 2011, whilst their uncle Michael played for Derbyshire CCC in 1975 and 1976. Glenn played hockey at junior international level, and currently plays for Belper Hockey Club.
Domestic career
Glenn made their debut for Derbyshire in 2013, in a Women's County Championship match against Gloucestershire. They bowled four overs for 22 runs and did not bat. Glenn became a regular for Derbyshire in the Women's Twenty20 Cup over the next few seasons, and was selected for the England Development Programme Under-15s competition in 2015, in which they took 7 wickets in two games, including taking 5/8 against Junior Rubies.
After further appearances for Derbyshire and the England Academy, Glenn was selected for the regional team Loughborough Lightning for the 2017 Women's Cricket Super League. They bowled five overs in the season and went for just 13 runs at an economy of 2.60, as well as taking 4 wickets at an average of 3.25. They also scored 58 runs at an average of 19.33, opening the batting in two matches. Glenn moved to Worcestershire ahead of the 2018 Women's Twenty20 Cup, taking three wickets in their first tournament with their new side. Glenn appeared for Loughborough Lightning again in 2018, taking three wickets with an economy of 6.87. 2019 was their breakthrough year, however, as they took 11 wickets at an average of 18.72, with an economy of 6.05: the joint-fifth the best return for a spin bowler in the competition. Them performances in the KSL lead to their international selection in December 2019.
Glenn played two matches for Central Sparks in the new Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy in 2020, taking one wicket. They were signed by Perth Scorchers for the 2020–21 Women's Big Bash, in which they took 17 wickets with an economy of 6.25, ending the tournament as their side's leading wicket-taker, and joint-sixth across the tournament. In 2021, they were drafted by Trent Rockets for the inaugural season of The Hundred. In April 2022, they were bought by the Trent Rockets for the 2022 season of The Hundred.
International career
In November 2019, they were named in England's squads for their series against Pakistan in Malaysia. They made their Women's One Day International (WODI) debut for England, against Pakistan, on 9 December 2019, in which they took two wickets, including the winning wicket. They took 8 wickets in the three game series, including 4/18 in the 3rd ODI. They made their Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) for England, also against Pakistan, on 17 December 2019, taking one wicket. At the conclusion of the two series, they were singled out for special praise by their captain, Heather Knight, who said that "[s]he definitely deserved to be player of the series in the ODIs."
Glenn was selected for the 2020 Australia women's Tri-Nation Series in January and February, and took five wickets in three matches, the joint-highest for England.
In January 2020, Glenn was named in England's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia. England reached the semi-finals of the tournament, with Glenn taking 6 wickets, with an economy of 4.25. Glenn took 3-15 in England's group stage victory over Pakistan.
On 18 June 2020, they were named in a squad of 24 players to begin training ahead of international women's fixtures starting in England following the COVID-19 pandemic. In September, they played against the West Indies in 5 T20Is, in which they named Player of the Series. Glenn took 7 wickets in the series, as well as contributing a "valuable" 26 off 19 balls with the bat in the 2nd T20I, as England won 5-0. After the series, they moved up to ninth in the ICC T20I Bowling Rankings.
In 2021, Glenn was named in the squad for England's tour of New Zealand. Glenn played all six matches on the tour, and was the joint-leading wicket-taker in the three match T20I series. In June 2021, Glenn was named as in England's Test squad for their one-off match against India. However, they were later released from the squad, allowing them to play in the 2021 Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy ahead of England's one-day matches.
In December 2021, Glenn was named in England's squad for their tour to Australia to contest the Women's Ashes. In July 2022, they were named in England's team for the cricket tournament at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, England.
In September 2022, they moved to second position in the ICC women's T20I bowling rankings, their career best rank, after taking a four wicket haul against India.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
English women cricketers
England women One Day International cricketers
England women Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers from Derby
Derbyshire women cricketers
Worcestershire women cricketers
Loughborough Lightning cricketers
Central Sparks cricketers
Perth Scorchers (WBBL) cricketers
People educated at Trent College
Trent Rockets cricketers
Cricketers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Yorktown High School is a four star and National Blue Ribbon high school located in Yorktown, Indiana. It is managed by the Yorktown Community School Corporation.
The school was one of the six 'Head of Class' selections by the Indiana Chamber Of Commerce, for 2005, for their exemplary efforts. The six schools were selected from the 345 high schools in the state.
Athletics
The school is a member of the Hoosier Heritage Conference. Their mascot is the tiger.
The school offers the following IHSAA sanctioned sports:
Baseball
Boys' Basketball
Girls' Basketball
Boys' Cross Country
Girls' Cross Country
Football
Boys' Golf
State champs - 1974
Girls' Golf
State champs - 1976, 2012
Boys' Soccer
Girls' Soccer
Softball
Boys' Swimming and Diving
Girls' Swimming and Diving
Boys' Tennis
Girls' Tennis
Boys' Track and Field
Girls' Track and Field
Volleyball
State champs - 2000, 2011, 2016, 2018, 2020
Wrestling
See also
List of high schools in Indiana
References
External links
Official site
Public high schools in Indiana
Schools in Delaware County, Indiana
Oliver Ford (born 27 March 1947) is a retired sprinter who jointly held the 100 metres world record with six other men in 1968, at 10.0s. They matched the then-record in the semi-finals of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics track and field championships in Albuquerque, New Mexico and won the final with a time of 10.1s.
They studied at Southern University, where they were coached by Richard A. Hill, and normally ran 220 yards and 440 yards. After their record run they planned to try for the Olympics, but was ill for the Olympics trials in July 1968, though they were selected to compete at the final selection in Echo Summit that September. They won both the 100-yard dash (in 9.5s) and the 220-yard dash (in 20.5s) at the 1969 NAIA championships in Billings, Montana, where they were named outstanding athlete.
In 1999, They were inducted into the Southern University Hall of Fame.
References
American male sprinters
World record setters in athletics (track and field)
Southern University alumni
Place of birth missing
Year of death unknown
1947 births
The National Party, later the United Party was a political party in the Australian state of Queensland from 1917 until 1925. Although allied with the federal Nationalist Party, it had different origins in state politics. It sought to combine the state's Liberal Party with the Country Party but the latter soon withdrew. In 1923 the party sought a further unification with the Country Party but only attracted a few recruits. Then in 1925 it merged with the Country Party, initially as the Country Progressive Party with a few members left out and then they were absorbed into the renamed Country and Progressive National Party.
History
As early as January 1916 the various groups opposed to the state Labor government began exploring forming an umbrella extra-parliamentary organisation to co-ordinate activities. On 29 March that year the formation of the National Political Council was announced. At the end of May the Queensland Farmers' Union, sponsors of the Country Party, agreed to affiliate. In Queensland the Australian Labor Party split of 1916 had only a minor impact with Premier T. J. Ryan working hard to successfully keep the party together in the state with only limited losses. Instead the focus remained entirely on the multiple opposition groups. By the end of the year there were growing demands for the formation of a dedicated party on the same lines. Calls grew following the 1917 federal election and on 16 June 1917 a joint conference of delegates from the state Liberal Association and the federal National Federation called for unity as the "National Party". On 6 July the first meeting of the National Party was held. The sitting Liberal leader, James Tolmie, became the leader of the new party. At the National Political Council's annual meeting in August a resolution was passed calling for all its affiliates to work together as a National party. In the run-up to the 1918 state election the Country Party joined under the National Party banner.
Before the election Tolmie stood down due to illness and was succeeded by Edward Macartney. The election was a disappointment, with the National Party winning four fewer seats than its predecessors combined. In the state parliament the party held together for the time being, but there was much disruption amongst the extra-parliamentary forces, starting when the Queensland Farmers' Union withdrew from the National Political Council. Macartney also left the National Political Council and formed the more hardline Australian Democratic Union, which soon overcame its rival and the following the year the two merged as the National Democratic Council. A separate party, the Northern Country Party, also emerged as a regional division with the Nationalists. Suffering ill health, Macartney stood down in 1920 to be succeeded by William Vowles. After six months, Vowles led the majority of National MLAs into a reformed Country Party. Walter Barnes, the deputy leader, became the new leader. The National Party, Country Party, Northern Country Party and National Labor Party all co-operated in the 1920 state election but were unable to dislodge Labor. In June 1921 Charles Taylor succeeded Barnes as leader.
Another attempt at unity was made and in January 1923 a convention was held which changed the name to the Queensland United Party, but only four sitting Country MLAs and two of the Northern Country MLAs joined. The leadership was offered to various figures including First World War officer and federal Senator Major General Sir William Glasgow and William Green, the leader of the Northern Country Party, but ultimately Taylor was retained. Further efforts were made in April 1924 when the United and Country parliamentary parties agreed to form a joint Opposition, headed by Arthur Edward Moore. Taylor resigned as leader at the end of the year, to be succeeded by Reginald King.
In May 1925 the bulk of the party merged with the Country Party to form the Country Progressive Party; but four United MLAs (Taylor, Walter Barnes, George Barnes and William Kelso) were excluded from the merger due to their standing opposition to arrangements for joint fundraising for the parties. They opted to carry on as a rump United Party. However the successful co-operation of the federal Nationalist-Country Coalition in the 1925 federal election renewed interest in a merger and the following month the rump merged in, having secured a party name change to Country and Progressive National Party.
The party also contested Brisbane City Council, with William Jolly becoming the first Lord Mayor of Brisbane at the elections when the city was expanded in 1925. Following the state merger, the Brisbane City party continued to contest elections as the Nationalist Civic Party. Jolly was briefly followed by Archibald Watson but following the latter's defeat in the 1931 election the party subsequently merged into the Citizens' Municipal Organisation.
Leaders
Election results
See also
:Category:National Party (Queensland, 1917) members of the Parliament of Queensland
References
Bibliography
Defunct political parties in Queensland
Political parties established in 1917
Political parties disestablished in 1925
1917 establishments in Australia
1925 disestablishments in Australia
Ahmed Al-Dhefiri (born 8 February 1992) is a Kuwaiti professional footballer plays as a midfielder for Kuwait SC and the Kuwait national team.
International career
International goals
Scores and results list Kuwait's goal tally first.
Honors
Club
Al–Qadisa
Kuwaiti Premier League (2): 2013–14, 2015–16
Kuwait Federation Cup (1): 2018–19
Kuwait Emir Cup (1): 2014–15
Kuwait Crown Prince Cup (2): 2013–14, 2017–18
Kuwait Super Cup (1): 2014
AFC Cup (1): 2014
External links
Living people
1992 births
Kuwaiti footballers
Kuwaiti expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Kuwaiti expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Kuwait international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Qadsiah FC players
Saudi Professional League players
Kuwait Premier League players
Qadsia SC players
Kuwait SC players
Winning the third place game at Eurobasket 2007 against Greece allowed Lithuania to qualify for the Olympic basketball tournament at Beijing 2008 without competition at 2008 Pre-Olympics Tournament. The Lithuanian men's basketball team came in fourth place after being beaten by Argentina's basketball team, 87-75.
2008 Olympic tournament roster
Lithuanian basketball team started its preparation for the Olympics at the end of June, 2008. After a couple of training camps and preolympic friendly matches the national team was selected.
|}
| valign="top" |
Head coach
Assistant coach(es)
Legend
(C) Team captain
Club field describes last pro club before the tournament
|}
Candidates that didn't make for the final team:
Preparation matches
Olympic games
Group Stage
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Bronze medal game
References
Lith
2008
Olympics
On June 12, 2022, at least 100 civilians were killed in a massacre by suspected jihadists in the village of , located in a department of the same name in Séno Province, Burkina Faso.
The attack occurred around 4:00 or 5:00 PM. A survivor recalled that the terrorists "went from shop to shop, sometimes torching [them]... They opened fire on anyone who tried to run away." Homes also were reported to have been burned during the massacre..
Authorities confirmed at least 79 deaths, but expected there to be over 100. Other estimates said that the death toll was 165. According to Reuters, quoting anonymous sources, the attackers "targeted men but appeared to spare women and children". 3,000 residents of the town were displaced to Dori.
The EU and the UN denounced the massacre, along with Interim President of Burkina Faso Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba, who declared a 72-hour national day of mourning.
It was the worst attack in the jihadist insurgency in Burkina Faso since the 2021 Solhan and Tadaryat massacres.
References
2022 in Burkina Faso
2022 mass shootings in Africa
2022 murders in Burkina Faso
21st-century mass murder in Burkina Faso
Arson in the 2020s
Attacks on shops
Islamic terrorist incidents in 2022
June 2022 crimes in Africa
Massacres in 2022
Massacres in Burkina Faso
Massacres of men
Séno Province
Terrorist incidents in Africa in 2022
Terrorist incidents in Burkina Faso in the 2020s
Attacks in Africa in 2022
In algebraic geometry, the Chow group of a stack is a generalization of the Chow group of a variety or scheme to stacks. For a quotient stack , the Chow group of X is the same as the G-equivariant Chow group of Y.
A key difference from the theory of Chow groups of a variety is that a cycle is allowed to carry non-trivial automorphisms and consequently intersection-theoretic operations must take this into account. For example, the degree of a 0-cycle on a stack need not be an integer but is a rational number (due to non-trivial stabilizers).
Definitions
develops the basic theory (mostly over Q) for the Chow group of a (separated) Deligne–Mumford stack. There, the Chow group is defined exactly as in the classical case: it is the free abelian group generated by integral closed substacks modulo rational equivalence.
If a stack X can be written as the quotient stack for some quasi-projective variety Y with a linearized action of a linear algebraic group G, then the Chow group of X is defined as the G-equivariant Chow group of Y. This approach is introduced and developed by Dan Edidin and William A. Graham, as well as Burt Totaro. later extended the theory to a stack admitting a stratification by quotient stacks.
For higher Chow groups (precursor of motivic homologies) of algebraic stacks, see Roy Joshua's Intersection Theory on Stacks:I and II.
Examples
The calculations depend on definitions. Thus, here, we proceed somehow axiomatically. Specifically, we assume: given an algebraic stack X locally of finite type over a base field k,
(homotopy-invariance) if E is a rank-n vector bundle on X, then .
for each integral substack Z of dimension < p, , a corollary of a localization sequence.
These properties are valid if X is Deligne–Mumford and are expected to hold for any other reasonable theory.
We take X to be the classifying stack , the stack of principal G-bundles for a smooth linear algebraic group G. By definition, it is the quotient stack , where * is viewed as the stack associated to * = Spec k. We approximate it as follows. Given an integer p, choose a representation such that there is a G-invariant open subset U of V on which G acts freely and the complement has codimension . Let be the quotient of by the action . Note the action is free and so is a vector bundle over . By Property 1 applied to this vector bundle,
Then, since , by Property 2,
since .
As a concrete example, let and let it act on by scaling. Then acts freely on . By the above calculation, for each pair of integers n, p such that ,
In particular, for every integer p ≥ 0, . In general, for the hyperplane class h, k-times self-intersection and for negative k and so
where the right-hand side is independent of models used in the calculation (since different hs correspond under the projections between projective spaces.) For , the class , any n, may be thought of as the fundamental class of .
Similarly, we have
where is the first Chern class of h (and c and h are identified when Chow groups and Chow rings of projective spaces are identified). Since , we have that is the free -module generated by .
Virtual fundamental class
The notion originates in the Kuranishi theory in symplectic geometry.
In § 2. of , given a DM stack X and CX the intrinsic normal cone to X, K. Behrend defines the virtual fundamental class of X as
where s0 is the zero-section of the cone determined by the perfect obstruction theory and s0! is the refined Gysin homomorphism defined just as in Fulton's "Intersection theory". The same paper shows that the degree of this class, morally the integration over it, is equal to the weighted Euler characteristic of the Behrend function of X.
More recent (circa 2017) approaches do this type of construction in the context of derived algebraic geometry.
See also
Perfect obstruction theory
Gromov–Witten invariant
Cohomology of a stack
Notes
References
External links
Virtual classes for the working mathematician
The classical number 2875 of lines on the quintic, as a DT invariant
What is the main failure in using Naive Chow group in Artin Stack
Local model of virtual fundamental cycle
https://ncatlab.org/nlab/show/virtual+fundamental+class
On the Virtual Fundamental Class - a slide by Kai Behrend
Algebraic geometry
Birthana aurantiaca is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Georg Semper in 1899. It is found in the Philippines.
References
Moths described in 1899
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Arthur James Robinson (June 8, 1943 – February 15, 2018), better known as Mr. Okra, was a New Orleans vegetable and fruit vendor who sold while singing from their truck. Their family has continued the tradition since their death.
They made an appearance in the 2018 drama film Benji.
References
1943 births
2018 deaths
People from New Orleans
American farmers
Lawrence Laurent (March 9, 1925 – August 1, 2020) was an American radio and television critic for The Washington Post from 1951 to 1982. They also taught at American University and George Washington University.
References
1925 births
2020 deaths
American television critics
People from Alexandria, Virginia
People from Monroe, Louisiana
University of Virginia alumni
William Cashin is a former Irish Labour Party politician. They were an unsuccessful candidate for the Cork North-West constituency at the 1992 and 1997 general elections. They served as a member of Seanad Éireann for four years, to which they were nominated by the Taoiseach Albert Reynolds in 1993.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Labour Party (Ireland) senators
Members of the 20th Seanad
Politicians from County Cork
Nominated members of Seanad Éireann
Afzal Zazai is an Afghan cricketer. They made their first-class debut for Amo Region in the 2017–18 Ahmad Shah Abdali 4-day Tournament on 7 December 2017.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Afghan cricketers
Amo Sharks cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jean Demannez (15 February 1949 – 1 December 2021) was a Belgian politician. They served as mayor of Saint-Josse-ten-Noode in the Brussels-Capital Region from 1999 to 2012.
Biography
A member of the Socialist Party (PS), Demannez was elected schepen of the communal council of Saint-Josse-ten-Noode in January 1977. Following the death of , they became mayor. They also served in the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region from 1989 to 2001 and was President of the .
In 2012, Demannez was defeated in the local election by and lost their seat as mayor of Saint-Josse-ten-Noode.
Jazz
Demannez was passionate about jazz. As mayor, they founded the festival and led the initiative for the foundation of Jazz Station, located in the old .
References
1949 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian politicians
Mayors of places in Belgium
Members of the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region
Socialist Party (Belgium) politicians
People from Saint-Josse-ten-Noode
Oberdürenbach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
The American Journal of Epidemiology (AJE) is a peer-reviewed journal for empirical research findings, opinion pieces, and methodological developments in the field of epidemiological research. The current editor-in-chief is Dr. Enrique Schisterman.
Articles published in AJE are indexed by PubMed, Embase, and a number of other databases. The AJE offers open-access options for authors. It is published monthly, with articles published online ahead of print at the accepted manuscript and corrected proof stages. Entire issues have been dedicated to abstracts from academic meetings (Society of Epidemiologic Research, North American Congress of Epidemiology), the history of the Epidemic Intelligence Service of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the life of George W. Comstock, and the celebration of notable anniversaries of schools of public health (University of California, Berkeley, School of Public Health; Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine; Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health).
AJE is currently ranked 5th in the field of epidemiology according to Google Scholar. It has an impact factor of 4.897 (as of 2020), and the 5-year impact factor is 5.827 according to Journal Citation Reports.
History
This journal was founded in 1920 and originally named the American Journal of Hygiene. In 1965, the Journal acquired its current name, American Journal of Epidemiology. Since its inception, the Journal has been based in the Department of Epidemiology at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and is published in association with the Society of Epidemiologic Research.
Editors-in-Chief: Past and Present
William H. Welch (1920–1927)
Roscoe Hyde (1927–1938)
Martin Frobisher (1938–1948)
David Bodian (1948–1957)
Philip E. Sartwell (1957–1958)
Abraham G. Osler (1958–1965)
Neal Nathanson (1965–1979)
George W. Comstock (1979–1988)
Moyses Szklo (1988–2019)
Enrique Schisterman (2019–present)
References
Epidemiology journals
Oxford University Press academic journals
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1965
Conus antonioi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Description
The size of the shell attains 21 mm.
Distribution
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off Boa Vista Island, Cape Verde.
References
Puillandre N., Duda T.F., Meyer C., Olivera B.M. & Bouchet P. (2015). One, four or 100 genera? A new classification of the cone snails. Journal of Molluscan Studies. 81: 1-23
antonioi
Gastropods described in 2014
Gastropods of Cape Verde
Fauna of Boa Vista, Cape Verde
Kliment Halsband Architects (KHA) was founded in New York City in 1972 by Robert Kliment and Frances Halsband. The New York City based firm is known for their architecture, master planning, interior design, adaptive reuse, historic preservation and transformation of institutional buildings. KHA's work expertise includes cultural, educational, governmental, and most recently healthcare buildings.
Ethics
KHA is a known advocate for a professional and collegial environment, equitable treatment, and for denouncing any discriminatory, intimidating, abusive, or harassing behavior. In 2018 co-founder Frances Halsband lead a successful effort to amend the AIA Code of Ethics to prohibit harassment or discrimination and commit to fostering a professional environment of mutual respect and equity. In recognition of this effort they were named one of ENR Top 25 Newsmakers.
Notable Projects
KHA has a diverse portfolio that includes projects across the country—from a new federal courthouse in Gulfport, Mississippi, to the preservation and adaptive reuse of Gilman Hall at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, to a new performance and exhibition space at Zen Mountain Monastery in Mt. Tremper, New York.
Education
Arcadia University Landman Library, Glenside, PA (2003) - AIA / American Library Association Award of Excellence 2005
Case Western Reserve University Adelbert Hall Administration Building, Cleveland, OH (2002) - Cleveland Engineering Society Award of Excellence 1996
Columbia University Computer Science Building, New York, NY (1983) - National AIA Honor Award for Excellence in Architectural Design 1987
Columbia University Hamilton Hall, New York, NY (2004)
Dartmouth College Roth Center for Jewish Life, Hanover, NH (1998) - Faith & Form Religious Architecture Award 2000
Friends Seminary, New York, NY (2019)- National Association of Landscape Professionals Award of Excellence 2019
Johns Hopkins University Gilman Hall, Baltimore, MD (2010) - Society for College and University Planning Excellence in Architecture Honor Award 2011
New York University School of Global Public Health, New York, NY (2021)
Princeton University Computer Science Building, Princeton, NJ (1990) - National AIA Honor Award for Architecture 1994
The Rockefeller University Welch Hall Library, New York, NY (2013)
Spence School, New York, NY (2013)
University of Chicago Neubauer Collegium for Culture & Society, Chicago, IL (2015) - Chicago Silver Design Award 2016
University of Massachusetts Amherst South College, Amherst, MA (2017) - AIA Western Massachusetts Design Citation 2018
Yale University Sterling Divinity Quadrangle, New Haven, CT (1996/2009) - New Haven Preservation Trust Landmark Awards 2019
Civic and Cultural
Avalon Morningside at Cathedral of St John the Divine, New York, NY (2008)
Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library Henry A. Wallace Visitor and Education Center, Hyde Park, NY (2004) - AIA Committee on Architecture in Education Educational Facility Design Award of Excellence 2007
Long Island Rail Road Entrance at Pennsylvania Station, New York, NY (1994) - National AIA Honor Award for Architecture 1996
Mount Sinai Kyabirwa Ambulatory Surgical Facility, Uganda, Africa (2019) - AIANY Design Award Sustainability 2020
Conrad B. Duberstein U.S. Bankruptcy Courthouse, Brooklyn, NY (2006) - U.S. General Services Administration Design Award for Preservation 2009
Dan M. Russell, Jr. United States Courthouse, Gulfport, MS (2003) - National AIA Committee on Architecture for Justice Citation 2004
Zen Mountain Monastery Sangha House, Mt. Tremper, NY (2013)
Master Planning
Brooklyn College Master Plan, Brooklyn, NY (1995) - Society for College and University Planning Merit Award in Campus Heritage 2005
Brown University Strategic Framework for Physical Planning, Providence, RI (2003/2009)
Columbia University Lamont Doherty Earth Science Laboratory, Palisades, NY (1997)
Harvard Divinity School Master Plan, Cambridge, MA (2009)
Smith College 2050 Plan, Northampton, MA (2000) - Society for College and University Planning Merit Award 2004
Firm Awards
The firm received the American Institute of Architects Firm Award in 1997, the highest honor given by the AIA, the AIA New York City Medal of Honor in 1998, and over 150 awards for design excellence.
References
Architecture firms based in New York City
Carlos Huertas (born 22 June 1991) is a Colombian racing driver.
Racing career
Born in Bogotá, Huertas began their career in Formula BMW UK in 2007 with Räikkönen Robertson Racing where they finished 13th. They finished fifth in the World Final race. In 2008 they returned to Räikkönen Robertson but moved to the FBMW Europe series. They finished ninth in the championship. In 2009 they moved to the British Formula 3 Championship with Räikkönen Robertson and finished seventh in points with two podium finishes. They also finished 12th in the Macau Grand Prix. They returned to British F3 and Räikkönen Robertson in 2010 but dropped to 10th in points, but recorded four podium finishes. In 2011 they remained for a third year in British F3 but switched teams to Carlin Motorsport. Huertas improved to third in the championship points and captured their first series win.
2012 saw Huertas move to Formula Renault 3.5 with Fortec Motorsports. They finished 16th in points with the best finish of fourth in the season opener. Huertas switched teams to Carlin in 2013 and improved to 14th in points and captured their first win at Ciudad del Motor de Aragón. It was announced that they would test an IndyCar Series car for Panther Racing in 2014. They were later announced as a driver with Dale Coyne Racing.
They won their first race in a very eventful 2014 Grand Prix of Houston by running more laps in one stint than anybody else. Four days later the car was found to have an illegally large fuel tank as well as a rear wing infringement. Huertas and the team were each fined $5,000, but the win stood.
They withdrew from the 2015 Indianapolis 500 race due to an inner ear infection and hasn't been seen in Indycar since.
Racing record
Complete Formula Renault 3.5 Series results
(key) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
IndyCar Series
Indianapolis 500
References
External links
Career statistics from Driver Database
1991 births
Living people
Colombian racing drivers
Formula BMW UK drivers
Formula BMW Europe drivers
British Formula Three Championship drivers
Sportspeople from Bogotá
Australian Formula 3 Championship drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
World Series Formula V8 3.5 drivers
IndyCar Series drivers
Colombian IndyCar Series drivers
Indianapolis 500 drivers
Carlin racing drivers
Dale Coyne Racing drivers
Fortec Motorsport drivers
Roger Federer was the defending champion, but chose not to participate this year.
Matteo Berrettini won the title, defeating Félix Auger-Aliassime in the final, 6–4, 7–6(13-11). Berrettini did not lose serve through 50 service games in the tournament.
Seeds
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Qualifying draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
References
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
2019 ATP Tour
2019 Singles
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1961–62 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1961–62 in Bahraini football
Dužice may refer to:
Dužice, Široki Brijeg, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Dužice, Montenegro
Jack Mahfar, an Iranian business person, was born in 1931 in Esfahan, Iran. They started their pharmaceutical business in Tehran and was working for the foundation of a pharmaceutical products factory for the state. Due to the Revolution in Iran they had to terminate the project.
Career
Their first experience with the medical and pharmaceutical business started when Dr. Manzourollah, would visit patients on their “mobile clinic” (a bicycle) in the suburbs of Esfahan. Dr. Manzourollah invited Jack, through their father, to assist them during the summer vacation. They paid Jack with a small portion of chicken, eggs and other products that they would receive from the villagers in return for medical treatment. Later on, as a peddler, they started their own “business” on the streets, selling beauty supply products such as soap and hairbrushes. In 1948, Jack's father was affected by bone tuberculosis, an almost incurable disease at the time in Iran. After no response to treatment in Esfahan, they were transferred and hospitalized in Tehran. As a result, Jack had to put the 11th grade on hold so that they can start working to provide a living for the family and take care of their father's treatment.
In Tehran, they started working as a helper to Dr. Moussa Bral (Bar-El), at their private pharmacy. Although they were being paid only 3 Toumans (the Iranian unit of currency) per 16 hours of work a day, they gained experience in the pharmaceutical business. Jack started an independent business named Mahfar Co. and later became the representative of several pharmaceutical companies, including Astra of Sweden. The expansion of the company soon involved hiring doctors, marketing agents, and staff members. In the following stages, they started the production of some drugs with licenses from European companies.
At the peak of the business, Jack Mahfar started their philanthropic contribution to the community. To start with, they made the majority of their staff homeowners. Per the request of the Iranian government, they initiated the building, and soon after, the presentation of ten schools to the less fortunate villages in Iran. They were involved with the establishment of a nursing home for aging seniors in Tehran and assisted in building three Jewish schools.
In later years, they submitted their proposition for establishment of a pharmaceutical factory inside Iran. The project was ordered by King Mohammad-Reza Shahm to Lieutenant-general Doctor Abdolkarim Ayadi, Shah's personal physician, and at the Chief of the Army medical and pharmaceutical department. The goal was to initiate the production of the most needed drugs in the country. The goal was competing with imported drugs, bringing down the price of prescription drugs for consumers inside the country, and savings in foreign currency. This would also result in the importing of advanced technology and subsequent future progress in techniques and production. Astra, the Swedish company, was the first foreign company in Iran that welcomed this project, followed by the endorsement of companies from Switzerland, Netherlands and Italy. The Iranian Army Supplies Department, in charge of providing the Army with medical supplies, was to cooperate with the above project and export to neighboring countries as well. The preliminary sections of the project were taken care of, and a contract was signed with Astra, which was approved by the Shah. However, the plan was terminated due to the unstable conditions in Iran at the time, which led to the Islamic Revolution led by Khomeini in February 1979.
During their life in Iran, Jack Mahfar was acquainted with several Iranian high-rank officials, especially with those active in the medical and pharmaceutical fields, including Dr. Manuchehr Eghbal, who was the Prime Minister in 1957, General Dr. Ayadi in military medical care, and Dr. Jahanshah Saleh who was the Minister of Public Health.
Jack Mahfar was a distinguished member of the Iranian Jewish community, and their contributions to the Jewish society was appreciated by Habib Elghanyan, the President of Jewish Committee and Chief Rabbi Yadidia Shofet, the ritual leader.
Emigration from Iran
A short time after the Islamic Revolution, the new Iranian government took over all the manufacturing and commercial companies in the country, including the company of Mr. Mahfar. They were asked to give up their pharmaceutical business to the government along with all related rights. they had no other option but to yield. Jack Mahfar, along with the Iranian Islamic officials, left for Sweden, Switzerland and other European countries, in order to arrange the transfer of all the business agencies to the Iranian Islamic authorities.
Short thereafter, in July 1979, Jack Mahfar and their family left Iran, in distress, for exile. They first landed in Los Angeles, but after a short stay, they decided to move to another location. They finally chose Geneva as their permanent residence.
Shortly after settling in their new place, Jack Mahfar was able to start their own pharmaceutical business, again from scratch, which turned out to be successful. They were acquainted with well-known Jewish personalities in Switzerland and started to cooperate with them in social activities. One of these well-known personalities was Moris Abrams, former US Ambassador to the European Section of the United Nations, and founder of a humanitarian group known as UN Watch.
Medals and awards
Mahfar also has a very close relationship with the Jewish organizations in France. With their help, led by the Chief Rabbi of France and cooperation of the French President, they assisted the release of the thirteen Iranian Jews who had been arrested in Shiraz by the Iranian Islamic government on baseless allegations of spying for Israel. Throughout these efforts, they also reached Kofi Annan, the United Nations Secretary-General at the time, for help. Jack Mahfar was nominated for and received the Legion of Honor Award from President Nicolas Sarkozy, the then President of France, in recognition of their quality philanthropic contributions. In Israel, they also initiated the building of two synagogues, and provided financial support for several medical treatment centers, and established dental clinics in the less fortunate areas of the country. In the field of cultural and educational assistance, they helped with the publication of tens of books. As a member of the Board of Trustees of the Encyclopædia Iranica, headquartered in New York, Jack Mahfar made an outstanding contribution to the Iranian culture.
Following all these services, President Shimon Peres bestowed Jack Mahfar with the President's Award of Distinction on January 30, 2014, which is the nation's highest civilian award. Jack Mahfar was one of the six non-Israelis who received this distinguished award, along with Dr. Henry Kissinger, President Bill Clinton, President Barack Obama, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Sources
From Laborer to Entrepreneur, Memoirs of Jack Mahfar, First Edition, Fall 2013 http://jmahfar.com/english.html
اعطای مدال افتخار ریاست جمهوری اسرائیل به ژاک ماهفر یهودی http://mfa.gov.il/MFAFA/IsraelExperience/IraniansInIsrael/Pages/20140130-Peres-Mahfar.aspx
از کارگری تا کارآفرینی - خاطرات ژاک ماهفر - بازگشت به .. http://jmahfar.com/world-personality.html
رونمایی از کتابی تازه درباره زندگی یهودیان ایران‌زمین - رادیو فردا http://www.radiofarda.com/content/f2_iran_losangeles_ehsan_yarshater_jewish_communities_hooman_sarshar/24374361.html
گفتگوی رادیو اسرائیل با آقای منشه امیر درباره کتاب و ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OJC_YPxEyA
نقد و معرفی : امیر حسین دیانی http://rahavard.com/Reviews/99-Review-Mahfar.pdf
یک ایرانی، به زودی بزرگ ترین نشان افتخار فرانسه را می گیرد https://faryadiran.wordpress.com/
Living people
1931 births
The 2019 Dalian Yifang F.C. season was the 10th season in club history.
Overview
Preseason
Yifang started the winter training on 24 December 2018 in Dalian until 1 January 2019. The team moved to Kunming on 2 January for a 10-day training, before flying to Marbella, Spain for another 3-week training.
The club decided to end the contract with Bernd Schuster on 3 January. The team was close to Leonardo Jardim and they eventually refused the contract due to multiple concerns. Yifang reached agreement with Korean manager Choi Kang-hee, and officially announced it on 11 February. They were previously signed by Tianjin Quanjian (now renamed Tianjin Tianhai) by the end of the 2018 season, and Quanjian claimed their salary was beyond their ability since the owner and major investor of Quanjian was arrested for illegal MLM, thus terminated the contract. The team moved to Shanghai on 7 February for final preparations before the new season.
Yifang announced the joining of 5 players on 13 February. Wanda Group had had a long negotiation with S.S.C. Napoli on Marek Hamšík, and finally reached agreement on 14 February for a reported €15M transfer fee. Gaitán decided to leave for MSL club Chicago Fire since the team preferred a winger/striker with more offensive playing style than another midfielder upon the signing of Marek Hamšík. Zheng Long joined on a one-year loan, while Alex Akande was signed as soon as Yanbian FC claimed their bankruptcy by the end of the transfer window.
Wang Xianjun was absent from the list. As later reported, the talented defender did not sign contract and demanded transfer. Yifang eventually decided to put them back to the reserve squad.
March
The first match in the 2019 season was a mere draw against Henan Jianye, as Yang Shanping was sent off in just 37 minutes, and Carrasco claimed the team's first goal this season, as they did last year, to save the team in additional times. Qin Sheng committed a foul and accidentally fell on Henan player Henrique Dourado, to broke Dourado's right tibia. All new players except Zheng Long had their debut match. Yifang had another draw with Guangzhou R&F. Carrasco extended their scoring sheet with a penalty and a reflection shot, while Zheng Long scored their first goal 1 minutes after they were substituted in.
First home match was a one-goal defeat. Hamšík met with former teammate Paolo Cannavaro, who currently sided with their brother Fabio as Guangzhou's coaching staff.
April
Yifang started April with another defeat. Mushekwi's equalizer could not bring a victory, as the goalkeeper bumped into Zhao Mingjian's back clumsily, giving Johnathan a wide open goal. Hamšík's playing style was surrounded by controversy. They lacked dribbling and sprinting, which led to easy interceptions, and their long passes lost accuracy in this match. They were frequently compared to Nico Gaitán, whose impressive dribbling tricks made many contributions on both ends.
Yifang claimed the first victory on 15 April by overcoming great difficulties in Shandong. Mushekwi won a header. To fulfill the U23 policy, Yang Fangzhi came on at 90 minute, and went back to the bench in just 1 minute for They Yupeng. Li Shuai was sent off as they pushed opponent player in the face during a conflict. Yifang addressed them with a ¥500k fine, and sent them to the reserve team. They received an additional 6-match suspension.
Carrasco scored another reflection shot against Chongqing, but the home win slipped away as Zhao Mingjian committed a handball for a penalty. For the April 28 match with Beijing Guoan, Hamšík and Carrasco were both unfit for the game. Yifang's conservative 5-defender formation was unable to hold against the opponent, while Boateng had their first goal in a corner kick.
Noticeably, on 29 April, Wanda Group chairperson Wang Jianlin officially announced the takeover of Dalian Yifang during the groundbreaking ceremony of Dalian Youth Football Training Base, a joint youth training program between Wanda Group and the government of Dalian, that the team would use neutral team name (without sponsors or owner names) in the future, as the CFA had requested.
May
Yifang saw the first home win in the FA cup against Shaanxi, with Zhu Ting scoring the only goal in their 100th appearance for the team, to advance into the 5th round. They would face Shanghai Jiading Chengfa, the only amateur team left in the cup.
Yifang gladly took 1 points away from Jiangsu Suning. Yu Ziqian entered the starting lineup as Zhang Chong had waist injury. Since their last appearance for Dalian Aerbin against Liaoning Whowin in the 2012 season, they had been absence in the Super League for 7 seasons. They were excluded from the first team at the time because of their frequent confusing blunders.
In the 11 May match, the team lost to contestant Wuhan Zall, sliding deeper into the relegation area. Shan Pengfei had a large wound on their left eyebrow when going up for a header. They received on-pitch suture with staples, and finished the 1st half.
On 19 May, Yifang overpowered Shenzhen and former manager Juan Caro. Li Jianbin was sent off at the end of 1st half. Hamšík was kicked in the face by Wang Dalong to earn a penalty, to give Carrasco their 7th goal. They Yupeng surprisingly scored Mushekwi's cross as soon as they came on the pitch at 90 minute, then immediately went off for Yang Fangzhi.
Noticeably, the club changed its registration name to "Dalian Professional Football Club" (Chinese: 大连人职业足球俱乐部) on 23 May, and the team name would be changed in the 2020 season.
A 1–0 home victory finally came on 26 May. Carrasco's corner found Hamšík for their first goal in China. They Yupeng missed a scoring chance similar to the previous game in the last few minutes. Zhao Xuebin scored twice to push Yifang further in the FA Cup. Yang Lei had their first appearance in the first team.
June
June started with another defeat, with Carrasco absence for 4 yellow cards. Li Jianbin's easy marking and a misjudged interception gave 2 goals away. Mushekwi scored Hamšík's corner in the 2nd half.
Carrasco did not return to the match against Hebei CFFC due to flight delay, and Yifang lost by 1 goal. Mushekwi received a red card for pushing Zhang Chengdong in the face, and they missed several matches for the 2019 AFCON cup as planned. Huang Jiahui had their debut match.
On 18 June, Rafael Benítez was connected with Yifang with a £12m salary offered.
On 23 June, Yifang drew with Tianjin Tianhai. Hamšík was selected captain. Boateng scored two goals for Yifang including a penalty, and later conceded an own goal. Li Shuai returned from suspension.
After three rounds without victory, Yifang defeated Beijing Renhe on 29 June. Carrasco returned to the squad and scored a penalty. Hamšík showed controlling performance since last match, and forced Chen Jie to score an own goal. Boateng scored a gift goal from Zhang Lie. They and Zheng Long both scored off-side goals later.
As the league reached halfway, Yifang ranked 10th (4 wins 5 draws 6 losses, GA:GF 19:22) at 17 points, much better than 2018 season (15th, 2W 4D 9L, 12:31, 10 points). Moreover, until the 15th round in the previous season, Yifang won only one point from away matches. In this season, on the contrary, they acquired 12 away points out of the total 15.
Carrasco issue
In the preseason training, Carrasco wanted a proof to transfer back to Europe in winter transfer after the 2019 season, while the team showed negotiable attitude. They publicly announced to stay with the team in the 2019 season.
They were put on the bench during the match against Beijing Guoan on 28 April due to a claimed influenza. As reported, they expressed reluctance to play as substitute, and contradicted the manager before the match. They made apologies consequently.
Until the end of May, Carrasco was the top goal scorer in quad, claiming 7 goals out of the total 13. They missed the match against Shanghai SIPG due to 4 yellow cards, and flew back to Europe for the June FIFA calendar ahead of time. During the FIFA calendar, Carrasco changed their attitude, showing strong desire to go back to Europe in the summer transfer window, and had transfer rumors with Arsenal. They returned to the team after the following match against Hebei CFFC due to a claimed flight delay.
On 20 June, the whole issue outbroke, as goalkeeper Yu Ziqian publicly criticized on their social media that Carrasco went on a strike during the training session, that they "stood still regardless of anyone", and that they "skipped the previous two matches on purpose". The team decided to suspend Carrasco from matches and training, unless they publicly apologize for the behaviour. No further actions including apologies were taken until the 23 June match, but Carrasco showed dissatisfaction on their social media account. Yifang withdrew the suspension on 25 June, indicating a temporary pause of this issue.
The entire issue seemed to have come to an end since Benítez's arrival, as Carrasco showed quite different competing desire, that "It's the first time I've had a good coach since I was in China".
July
Yifang made major changes in managerial staff. On 1 July, Yifang announced the resignation of Choi Kang-hee. This also extended an awkward record, that no Korean manager could finish a complete season with teams in Dalian (Park Sung-hwa with Dalian Shide, June 2010 to May 2011; Chang Woe-ryong with Dalian Aerbin, Jan–Apr 2012). One day later, Rafael Benítez was officially appointed as the manager. They said the career in China would be a challenge, and they were impressed by chairperson Wang's passion and future plan on football, and made the decision after consulting Juan Caro and Gregorio Manzano. They also restarted their personal blog after a 5-year-hiatus.
On 3 July, Zhou Jun quit their job as the club director, and returned to Shanghai Shenhua. Gao Yan from Wanda Group was selected for the position.
Benítez had their debut win against Henan Jianye. Boateng scored twice again. They and Carrasco continued to extend their scoring sheet to win 3 points from Guangzhou R&F. Zhou Ting had their 400th top-tier league appearance in the match against Guangzhou Evergrande.
Yifang announced the departure of Mushekwi on 15 July. Local fans gathered at the airport to say goodbye. 4 days later, Salomón Rondón officially signed with the ream.
Carrasco scored a corner directly against Tianjin TEDA. Rondón scored on their first possession, disallowed as offside by VAR. They claimed their debut goal later, to bring one point for the team. Boateng claimed their hat-trick in the FA Cup against Tianjin Tianhai.
As the CSL summer window reached its closing date, Shan Huanhuan and 3 other young players under the Wanda "Star of Hope" project were confirmed to join the squad.
August
Boateng pulled their muscle, and Rondón's decisive substitution performance won a 3-pointer from Chongqing under hot climate. Sun Bo won a long shot and a red card upon their first starting appearance.
The quick reunion with former coach Choi Kang-hee was not pleasant, as they overpowered their former team by two easy counter-attack goals from El Shaarawy. Yifang still could not break through their highest record in the FA cup, reaching semi-finals in 2013, 2018 and 2019.
September
The league would meet a few long pauses to prepare for the 2022 World Cup qualification, and the team's condition was influenced by the extra-long break. Yifang struggled in Wuhan's high humidity and temperature with insufficient fitness, and lost by 1 goal. Li Jianbin earned their second red card for kicking the ball deliberately onto the opponent after the whistle. They would be grounded for 6 matches in total, to miss the rest matches in this season.
Dong Yanfeng claimed their first super league goal against Shenzhen.
October
Li Shuai had their first national team appearance against Guam on 10 October.
On 25 October, it was announced that Dalian Yifang Women's Football Club (Dalian Yifang W.F.C., official name currently vacant), based on Dalian Under-18 women's football team, was established to meet the CFA's entry standard in 2020, and would compete in the 2019 Chinese Women's League Two, the third-tier league. Fan Yiying stepped up as the manager. On 10 November 2019, Yifang W.F.C. won by 1–0 against Donghua University in the play-off, ranked by 5th, and gained promotion into the Chinese Women's Football League.
November
Zhou Ting broke the record of the oldest appearing player at 40 years and 291 days against Hebei CFFC, which had previous been held by Rolando Schiavi (40 years 285 days) since 2013.
December
Zhao Xuebin won the reserve league top goalscorer by 19 goals.
Summary
Throughout the 2019 season, Yifang won three more points than last year, and ensured safety from relegation much earlier. The team had overall equalized performance in home and away matches, band ut with Choi, Yifang acquired three away wins out the total of four at the time.
Choi Kang-hee made multiple adjustments at the beginning of the season, mainly the midfielders. They often used Carrasco as a roaming attacker, not restrained to their familiar left winger position, and spent quite some time to adjust Hamšík's role.
Benítez was aggressive at first, and they soon brought in their 5-4-1 formation, aiming to improve the defense. They moved Sun Guowen backwards as the right full back, who mostly played as a winger, and put the right back Dong Yanfeng in the CB position. With each coach, the team received four red cards respectively, being the team with the most red cards this season, as major defenders were slower at sprinting speed, and sometimes used rude fouls to stop opponent players.
Squad
First team squad
Left during the season
Reserve squad
Out on loan
Coaching staff
Transfers
Winter
In
Out
Summer
In
Out
Friendlies
Preseason
Chinese Super League
League table
Results summary
Position by round
League fixtures and results
Fixtures as of February 2019.
Chinese FA Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Goalscorers
Disciplinary record
Suspensions
References
Dalian Professional F.C. seasons
Dalian Yifang F.C.
Zatrephes crocos is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Pieter Cramer in 1777. It is found in French Guiana, Suriname and Venezuela.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1777
Senecio gregorii, commonly known as annual yellowtop or fleshy groundsel, is a native Australian wildflower species, found in arid and semi-arid regions of the Australia and across the globe. It often grows prolifically after autumn/winter rains, showcasing stunning yellow flowers and fleshy foliage. The scientific name of this species was first published by Ferdinand von Mueller.
Description
Senecio gregorii is an erect annual herb that ranges from 15 to 40 centimetres in height. Its stem is simple or branched, with leaves that are broad, linear and up to 9 centimetres long. The leaves can have a succulent appearance, although this varies among the species. It produces clusters of bright yellow flowers that appear from May through to October. Seeds are distributed by wind after the flower sets seed. S. gregorii reproduces sexually.
Senecio gregorii is distributed predominantly across arid to semi-arid inland Australia. It can tolerate unstable environments and desert-like conditions. It is found growing in a variety of soil types, ranging from white-grey clay to red sand, and has highly versatile habitat types, including clay pans, rocky outcrops and sand dunes
Using the IUCN Red List categories, S. gregorii has been classified as of "Least Concern" in Queensland and the Northern Territory. However, it is "Near Threatened" in Victoria. The conservation status of S. gregorii in other states of Australia has not been identified.
Ecology
Native bees (family: Halictidae) are key pollinators of S. gregorii plants, allowing both species to persist in their habitats. Some foraging vertebrate and invertebrate animal species rely on S. gregorii as a food source. For example, caterpillars of the moth Heliothis punctifera consume S. gregorii flowerheads before completing their development. Hence, the distribution and abundance of certain animal species depends upon the ecological patterns of S. gregorii.
However, S. gregorii contains pyrrolizidine alkaloids, which act as a defence mechanism against herbivores who have not developed a tolerance for the alkaloids. S. gregorii is also unpalatable for many animals.
Taxonomy
Senecio gregorii is part of the Senecio genus, which is one of the largest groups of flowering plants, containing over 1,250 species. This genus evolved during the mid to late Miocene period. The first publication of the species was documented by Ferdinand von Mueller. S. gregorii has also been given the nomenclatural synonym of Othonna gregorii
Other common Senecio species include:
S. glossanthus
S. lacustrinus
S. lanibracteus
S. magnificus
S. pinnatifolius
S. quadridentatus
S. runcinifolius
These species are all found in the northwestern corner of New South Wales, exhibiting similar ecological preferences as S. gregorii.
Evolutionary relationships
Adaptive radiation is rapid and common in Senecio species, such as S. gregorii. The adaptive diversification of this genus has driven its widespread geographical distribution. Different species (such as those listed above) exhibit unique phylogenetic and morphological characteristics (e.g. leaf shape), owing to the convergence and divergence of species from a common ancestor. Besides adaptive radiation, evidence of local adaptation, polyploidy and hybridisation has been recorded in Senecio species.
Image gallery
References
gregorii
Flora of Australia
William Wildman Campbell (April 2, 1853 – August 13, 1927) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Rochester, Vermont, Campbell attended the public schools, Goddard Seminary, Barre, Vermont, and Tufts College, Medford, Massachusetts.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1878 and commenced practice at Napoleon, Ohio.
They served as prosecuting attorney for Henry County from 1893 to 1896.
Campbell was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1905 – March 3, 1907).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1906 to the Sixtieth Congress and for election in 1908 to the Sixty-first Congress.
They resumed the practice of law in Napoleon, Ohio.
They served as member of the State constitutional convention of 1911 and 1912.
They died in Napoleon, Ohio, August 13, 1927.
They were interred in Forest Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1853 births
1927 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Napoleon, Ohio
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1912)
Tufts University alumni
Ohio lawyers
County district attorneys in Ohio
People from Rochester, Vermont
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American lawyers
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary of Black Men () is an 18th-century Roman Catholic church located in São Cristóvão, Sergipe, Brazil. The church is located on Rua Cel. Erondino Prado 187. It is one of numerous churches across Brazil constructed by the Afro-Brazilian brotherhoods associated with Our Lady of the Rosary (Nossa Senhora do Rosário). The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary was listed as a historic structure by National Institute of Historic and Artistic Heritage (IPHAN) in 1943. It is located near, but not within the zone of São Francisco Square UNESCO World Heritage Site.
History
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary of Black Men was constructed in 1746. Religious brotherhoods formed across Brazil across the population in the 18th century, and likewise formed among African slaves who converted to Catholicism. Worship at Parish Church of Our Lady of Victory was restricted to residents of Portuguese descent, and the Church of Our Lady of Protection to mixed-race residents.
Our Lady of the Rosary (Nossa Senhora do Rosário) was of importance to slaves and later freed Afro-Brazilians; brotherhoods and churches can be found in many Brazilian cities. Catholicism in the societies and churches took on Afro-Brazilian characteristics different than those of churches of the non-black population. Churches belonging to the Brotherhoods of Black Men remain in numerous Brazilian cities. The construction of the church dates to the beginning of the sugar cane industry in the Captaincy of Sergipe, a period in which a large number of slaves were brought to the region to support sugar cane plantations.
Structure
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary of Black Men is built in the early Brazilian colonial style. The French art historian Germain Bazin classified the church in the Rococo and Neoclassical style of Bahia, produced in a "crude" manner in Sergipe. The church has a frontispiece flanked by two cornerstones and a triangular pediment, all in stone masonry. It has a large single door, two choir windows, and an oculus, or ocular window. The entire building is painted white, other than the doors and windows, which are in wood. A low tower sits to the right of the church; it has a hipped roof of ceramic tiles. The church faces Rua Cel. Erondino Prado (formerly called Rosário) and has a small paved churchyard that extends from the door to the street.
Interior
The interior of the church consists of a single nave, a chapel, and a sacristy. The nave has a high altar and two side altars. The pulpit sits on a console of carved limestone. The altars are in the Rococo style and painted white, blue, gold, and red; they resemble those of Church of Our Lady of Chains (Nossa Senhora do Corrente à Penedo) in Alagoas. A small chapel dedicated to Saint Benedict is located to the side and accessed via an arcade. A washbasin in the sacristy is inscribed "1743".
Footnote
The name of the church was translated as "Church of Our Lady of the Rosary of Black" in the IPHAN UNESCO World Heritage Site application of 2010.
See also
Parish Church of Our Lady of Victory
Church of Our Lady of Protection
First Order Church and Convent of Mount Carmel
Church of the Third Order of Mount Carmel
Church and Convent of Santa Cruz
Misericórdia Hospital and Church
References
Baroque church buildings in Brazil
Roman Catholic churches in Sergipe
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Brazil
National heritage sites of Sergipe
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1746
Portuguese Colonial architecture in Brazil
Buildings and structures in Sergipe
Life in a Day is the debut album by Simple Minds, released in April 1979 by record label Zoom. It reached number 30 in the UK Albums Chart. The title track and "Chelsea Girl" were issued as singles.
Recording
The album was recorded in late January and February 1979 in the grounds of Farmyard Studios, Little Chalfont, using the mobile unit The Mobile Studio, with further recording at Abbey Road Studios (including the recording of an orchestra for the track "Pleasantly Disturbed"), and mixed at Townhouse Studios, London. The original working title for the album "Children of the Game" (a reference to Jean Cocteau's novel of that name) had been dropped and changed to "Life in a Day" after the band had written the title track in January 1979. After the band's first choice of producer John Cale was vetoed by Arista Records, the album was produced and mixed by John Leckie. The album was completed in late February 1979. The recording sessions yielded the full album, the b-side "Special View" and two unfinished out-takes, "Rosemary's Baby" and "Children of the Game". The track-listing and mastering was finalised in March 1979.
Release and reception
Life in a Day was released by the independent label Zoom Records and licensed to Arista Records. The album's artwork was created by Carole Moss, a friend of John Leckie. The album spent six weeks in the UK LP charts and reached number 30 on 12 May 1979. The title track was released on 30 March as Simple Minds' first single and reached No. 62 in the UK charts, spending two weeks there. "Chelsea Girl", considered the strongest track on the album, was held back as the second single by Arista Records, but it failed to chart at all. A tribute to Nico and the Andy Warhol film Chelsea Girls, it was a popular live song for the band.
Andy Kellman of AllMusic rated the album the lowest of Simple Minds' first five album releases, remarking on its derivativeness of Magazine and Roxy Music and ranking "Someone" as the best track. NME'''s Tony Stewart praised the lyrics and arrangements despite noting the overt influences of 1970s music, and rated "Murder Story" the standout track. Although noting the album as overproduced and undermining the band's sound, they rated the album favourably.
In a 2012 interview, the band's frontman Jim Kerr expressed regret that the album's production had resulted in the tracks lacking "a real spark" that was part of their live performances, and described their feelings about the album as "bittersweet". They recalled at the time, "as we were about to drive up to Scotland, someone gave me a cassette of Unknown Pleasures'' by Joy Division... and I thought, we've completely blown it."—ruing that their live material had sounded more like Velvet Underground and less like the Boomtown Rats.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album's liner notes.
Simple Minds
Jim Kerr – lead vocals, arrangements
Charles Burchill – guitar, violin, vocals, arrangements
Derek Forbes – bass, vocals, arrangements
Brian McGee – drums, percussion, vocals, arrangements
Michael MacNeil – keyboards, vocals, arrangements
Technical
John Leckie – producer, engineer, arrangements
George Chambers – tape operator
Carole Moss – cover photography, design
References
External links
Simple Minds albums
1979 debut albums
Albums produced by John Leckie
B.J. Crosby (November 23, 1952 – March 27, 2015) was an American jazz vocalist, singer, and actor. In 1995, Crosby received a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical nomination for their performance in the musical, Smokey Joe's Cafe. Them role in Smokey Joe's Cafe included solo parts in the songs "Hound Dog" and "Fools Fall in Love".
Early life and career
Crosby was born Joanne Crayton in New Orleans, Louisiana. Crayton began their career by singing in church choirs and local theaters during the 1970s and 1980s. They adopted "B.J. Crosby" and "Lady BJ" as their professional stage names.
Crosby was the lead singer of an R&B and jazz band called Spectrum during the late 1970s. During the mid-1980s, Crosby, Ellis Marsalis Jr., and Germaine Bazzle released an album called The New Orleans Music on Rounder Records. Crosby moved to Los Angeles in 1987 to pursue singing and acting. They worked as a singer of demo versions of songs written by professional songwriters to support herself. In 1995, they moved to New York City, where they appeared in the musical Smokey Joe's Cafe, for which they received a Tony Award nomination in 1995 for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. They appeared on the Smokey Joe's Cafe official Broadway album, which won a Grammy Award. Crosby was also invited to perform "How Long Has This Been Going On?" at the Royal Albert Hall, London for Who Could Ask for Anything More? to mark the centenary of Ira Gershwin's birth in 1996.
Following their success, they returned to Broadway for two more roles. They starred as Matron "Mama" Morton in the 1996 Broadway revival of Chicago and played Ma Reed in the 2002 Broadway debut of One Mo' Time. Them national tours included Dreamgirls, in which they were cast as Effie. Outside of the theater, they had guest roles on Ally McBeal, The Cosby Show, Family Matters, Gimme a Break!, Law & Order, and Mad About You. Them 1984 cable television special, "Lady BJ Sings Lady Day: A Tribute to Billie Holiday", won a CableACE Award.
Crosby released their first solo album, Best of Your Heart, in 2007. Them album was produced by Judge Elloie and included original content and cover versions of songs recorded by Tony Bennett, Betty Carter, Antonio Carlos Jobim, Joe Sample, and Stevie Wonder. In January 2007, they performed as a featured vocalist at a new jazz cafe in Istanbul, Turkey.
Health and death
Crosby moved back to their native New Orleans in 2007. Crosby woke up on June 15, 2008, feeling dizzy and sick, but they still performed at a Father's Day concert at Sydney's club later that night. Two days later, June 17, doctors diagnosed them as having suffered a stroke, which prevented them from singing and decreased mobility on the right side of their body. They never fully regained the use of their singing voice. Crosby was one of only 2 members of the original cast of Smokey Joe's Cafe who could not attend a reunion held at 54 Below in February 2014. Them health declined rapidly during late 2014 and early 2015.
After being hospitalized for three days at Tulane Medical Center in New Orleans, Crosby died on March 27, 2015, aged 62, from complications of diabetes and a stroke. They were survived by their son, Joseph Elloie, and six grandchildren.
References
External links
1952 births
2015 deaths
American stage actores
American women jazz singers
American jazz singers
Jazz musicians from New Orleans
Actresses from New Orleans
Musicians from New Orleans
Singers from Louisiana
21st-century American women
Pippy may refer to:
John Pippy (born 1970), American politician
Jesse Pippy, American politician
Katelyn Pippy, an American actor
Pippy (character), a character in the film Bubble Boy
Pippy (manga character), a character in Osamu Tezuka's Star System
Pippy Park, urban park
Pippy Poopypants, a villain in the book series Captain Underpants
See also
Pippi (disambiguation)
Pipi (disambiguation)
Malomykolaivka () may refer to the following places in Ukraine:
Malomykolaivka, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, village in Synelnykove Raion
Malomykolaivka, Luhansk Oblast, urban-type settlement in Antratsyt Raion
Sir Samuel Rowe (23 March 1835 – 28 August 1888) was a British doctor and colonial administrator who was twice governor of Sierra Leone, and also served as administrator of the Gambia, governor of the Gold Coast and governor-general of the West Africa settlements.
They were known for their ability to form pro-British relationships with the local people.
They were in favour of a vigorous programme of expansion from the coast into the interior in response to French activity in the Sahel region, at times in opposition to Colonial Office policy.
Early years
Samuel Rowe was born on 23 March 1835 at Macclesfield, Cheshire. They were the youngest son of George Hambly Rowe, a Wesleyan minister, and Lydia Ramshall of London. They were educated at private schools, then studied medicine under Joseph Denton of Leicester and others. They qualified as a doctor in 1856. They were appointed to the army medical staff in 1862 and assigned to Lagos in West Africa. Rowe married Susannah, daughter of William Gatliff of Hawker Hall, Whitby, Yorkshire. They had one son, who died young.
Colonial surgeon
Rowe arrived in Lagos in July 1862 and was soon appointed a judicial assessor in the chief magistrate's court and a slave commissioner, a difficult position. They afterwards became colonial surgeon. Rowe got on well with the local people, who would later call them "Old Red Breeches", and was made a commandant of the eastern districts. They were appointed special commissioner to make a treaty with the town of Epe in the Ijebu Kingdom. They returned home on leave in July 1864, and continued their studies in Aberdeen, graduating in medicine and surgery in 1865.
Rowe returned to West Africa in 1866 and stayed in Cape Coast Castle.
They were again made colonial surgeon and superintendent of the Hausas in Lagos in 1867.
In 1869 they also are a magistrate and clerk of the council of Lagos. They were promoted staff surgeon in the army on 4 July 1870.
They returned for a stay in England, then was dispatched to the Gold Coast in January 1872.
On 1 March 1973 they were appointed surgeon-major.
They may have advised Nathaniel King and Sylvester Cole, members of the Sierra Leone elite, to study medicine at Aberdeen.
King graduated in 1876 and returned to practice in Lagos, while Cole graduated in 1883 and entered government service in the Gold Coast.
In 1873 Rowe was involved in action against the Ashantis and twice saw action near Elmina, for which they were decorated with a medal and clasp.
They were appointed to the Ashanti expeditionary force under Captain John Hawley Glover.
Through their experience in working with the local people they helped to enlist Yoruba volunteers.
They were appointed C.M.G. in 1874 for their services in the Anglo-Ashanti wars.
In 1875, they became colonial surgeon of the Gold Coast colony.
Rowe retired from the army on 4 December 1876 with the honorary rank of brigade-surgeon.
Colonial administrator
The Gambia
While still in the army, Rowe was in turn head of the governments of the Gambia and Sierra Leone.
The Gambia was governed from Sierra Leone during this period.
Surgeon Major Rowe was appointed administrator of the Gambia in June 1875.
The former administrator, C. H. Kortright, had left the Gambia on 12 February 1875 and Captain Henry T. M. Cooper was acting as administrator.
Samuel Rowe arrived on 2 July 1875, but transferred to Sierra Leone the next day, leaving Cooper to continue as acting administrator.
Rowe left Bathurst to take office in Freetown, Sierra Leone, as acting governor.
Cooper died on 9 January 1877 and on 30 March 1877 Surgeon Major Valesius S. Gouldsbury arrived to take office as administrator.
Sierra Leone
In Rowe's first tour of duty as governor of Sierra Leone in 1875–81 they were supported by the Colonial Office in pursuing a policy of aggressive colonial intervention in the interior.
They led two successful expeditions against the Sherbro people.
On 29 April 1887 Rowe returned to the Gambia as administrator, replacing the acting administrator Gilbert T. Carter.
During their brief term of office various local rulers agreed to accept British protection.
On 12 June 1887 Rowe was promoted to governor-in-chief of the West Africa settlements.
On 27 November 1887 they left the Gambia and was replaced by T. Risely Griffith as acting administrator.
While governor-in-chief of the British West African Settlements they continued to act as governor of Sierra Leone.
As governor in chief they opposed cession of the Gambia, and strongly opposed the Colonial Office police of giving in to the demands from the French.
They planned the expedition by administrator V. S. Gouldsbury to the upper Gambia River in 1881.
On 20 April 1880 Rowe was made K.C.M.G. (Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George).
They were replaced in Sierra Leone by A. E. Havelock in 1881.
The acting governor got news of Havelock's appointment from a foreign consul some weeks before this was confirmed by the Colonial Office.
Gold Coast and Lagos
On 28 January 1881 Rowe became governor of the Gold Coast and Lagos.
This was a better-paid position than Sierra Leone.
They replaced W. Brandford Griffith.
They managed to avoid another war with the Ashantis through their diplomacy.
In March 1883 Rowe issued an ordinance establishing registry offices for instruments affecting land in the Gold Coast Colony.
In 1884 they were replaced by W. A. G. Young.
West Africa Settlements
On 30 December 1884 Rowe was again appointed governor of the West Africa settlements in response to a special petition of the traders and others.
Rowe took office in 1885, replacing A. E. Havelock.
During their second term, following the Berlin Conference of 1884–85, British activity in the interior increased and there was growing competition with the French, who had colonial ambitions in the same region.
Rowe was given enlarged powers to annex land to the north and east of Sierra Leone.
On 11 November 1885 they signed the Havelock Draft Convention, which fixed the northwest boundary of Liberia at the southeast bank of the Mano River, making Sierra Leone and Liberia coterminous.
In 1886 Rowe was made an LL.D. by Aberdeen University.
In August 1887 the Secretary of State for the Colonies said they had received a report from Rowe saying the chiefs of Jarra and Fogni, who had been suffering from raids by slave traders, had offered to place their territories under British protection.
Rowe's health began to fail in 1887, in part due to worries about the advance of the French in the region.
On their way home to recuperate they died at Madeira on 28 August 1888.
They were replaced as governor by J. M. Maltby.
Notes
Sources
1835 births
1888 deaths
Governors of the Gambia
Governors of Sierra Leone
Governors of the Gold Coast (British colony)
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Governors of the Lagos Colony
British surgeons
People from Macclesfield
Colonial Surgeons
The article below lists top hotels in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Background
Chennai is the third most visited city in India by foreigners, after New Delhi and Mumbai. In 2013, Chennai attracted 3,581,200 foreign tourists. The city was visited by 3,857,900 tourists in 2014 and 4,243,700 tourists in 2015. Visitors to heritage sites in Kanchipuram and Mahabalipuram and medical tourists make up the largest number of visitors to the city, chiefly from the United States, the United Kingdom, Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore. In 2011, Chennai was ranked 41st in global top 100 city destination ranking, with 3,174,500 tourists, a 14 percent increase from 2010, and up from 2,059,900 tourists in 2009. In 2012, Chennai served 3,535,200 foreign tourists, ranking as 38th most visited city in the world and most visited city in India.
, the city had 21 luxury hotels in the five-star category, with over 4,500 rooms in the inventory. As of 2018, the collective luxury room inventory across four and five-star categories was around 7,000. About 85 percent of the room demand in Chennai comes from business travellers. Demand in the central business district comes mainly from BFSI and PSU companies, while the demand in the southern side of the city (Old Mahabalipuram Road) comes from information technology (IT)/IT-enabled services (ITeS) companies. Proximity to electronics and the auto industry players in and around the Sriperumbudur area in the west side of the city creates demand for hotels near the Chennai airport area among business travellers.
Chennai offers the world's most affordable five-star hotel rooms. According to a 2021 survey by LuxuryHotel.com, it is the least expensive city for a five-star stay in the world, with a baseline for a five-star room being 3,530 (34 UK pounds). It ranks 35th in the world in the percentage of five-star hotels (4.21%, with 33 five-stars among 784 hotels in the city).
List of functioning hotels
See also
List of hotels in India
Tourism in Chennai
References
Hotels
Chennai
Chennai, Hotels
Hotels in Chennai
The 2001–02 LEN Cup Winners' Cup is the ongoing 28th edition of LEN's second-tier competition for men's water polo clubs.
Qualifying rounds
Qualification round II
23–25 November
Group winners and runners-up teams of each group advance to quarter finals.
Group A
Jadran Herceg Novi has the right to organize the tournament.
Group B
Cannstatt has the right to organize the tournament.
Group C
Barcelona has the right to organize the tournament.
Group D
Dauphins Mouscron has the right to organize the tournament.
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
The first legs were played on 19 and 20 January, and the second legs were played on 2 and 3 February 2002.
Semi-finals
The first legs were played on 23 and 24 February, and the second legs were played on 9 and 10 March 2002.
Finals
The first legs was played on 24 March, and the second legs was played on 14 April 2002.
See also
2001–02 LEN Champions League
2001–02 LEN Cup
LEN Cup Winners' Cup seasons
Cup Winners' Cup
2001 in water polo
2002 in water polo
Brad Wright (born July 10, 1959) is an American football coach. They served as head football coach at Texas State University–San Marcos—now known as Texas State University—from 2007 to 2010.
Wright is a 1981 graduate of Texas State—then known as Southwest Texas State University—and was a member of the 1980 Bobcats team that won a Lone Star Conference championship. They originally walked-on as a wide receiver, played a season at running back, and then moved to the other side of the ball where they became a defensive leader at free safety.
Wright went on to become a successful high school football coach. In 2004, Wright was hired by Texas State as an assistant to head coach David Bailiff. Bailiff and Wright were teammates at Southwest Texas State from 1978 to 1980. When Bailiff left for Rice University in 2007, Wright took over as head coach and held the job until they were fired on November 23,
Head coaching record
College
References
1959 births
Living people
American football running backs
American football safeties
Texas State Bobcats football coaches
Texas State Bobcats football players
High school football coaches in Texas
People from Pearsall, Texas
The Marine Institute (Foras na Mara) is a State agency in Ireland that provides government, public agencies and the maritime industry with a range of scientific, advisory and economic development services, aiming to inform policy-making, regulation and the sustainable management and growth of the country's marine resources. Founded in 1991 on foot of a 1974 report, the Institute undertakes, coordinates and promotes marine research and development, which is essential to achieving a sustainable ocean economy, protecting ecosystems and inspiring a shared understanding of the ocean. The agency is governed by a ministerially-appointed board and has a professional staff, a headquarters near Galway, an office in Dublin, and two research vessels.
History
Following the recommendation of the 1974 National Science Council report Ireland, Science and the Sea, the Marine Institute was established by the Irish government under the Marine Institute Act of 1991
to undertake, to co-ordinate, to promote and to assist in marine research and development and to provide such services that, in the opinion of the Institute will promote economic development and create employment and protect the marine environment.
Starting with the appointment of its chief executive officer – Dr Peter Heffernan – followed by four Programme Managers in Marine Environment, Marine Food, Marine Technology and Marine Leisure and Tourism in 1995, the Marine Institute grew rapidly, to include the Irish Marine Data Centre and the then marine research facilities at Abbotstown, County Dublin, and the Salmon Research Agency at Newport.
1998 saw the arrival of Ireland's first purpose-built research vessel, the 31-metre long / RV Celtic Voyager. This was followed in 2000 by the announcement that the Institute would be moving from Dublin to new premises in Galway, and the arrival of the larger 65-metre deepwater research vessel / RV Celtic Explorer in 2002. The /Deepwater Remotely Operated Vehicle, Holland 1, was delivered in 2008.
2006 saw the Marine Institute move from Dublin to a purpose-built headquarters and laboratory complex near Galway.
Locations
The Institute is headquartered on a peninsula at Rinville (Renville), southwest of Oranmore, County Galway, while its Maritime Development Office (IMDO) is located in Dublin. The Marine Institute also operates an aquaculture and catchment management laboratory and office facility at Furnace, near Newport, County Mayo, as well as offices and laboratories in a number of Ireland's fishing ports.
The purpose-built headquarters building, which has won several architectural awards, houses 54 dedicated research laboratories, an auditorium capable of seating 150 people, a marine science library and an office "crescent".
Vessels
The Marine Institute oversees the operation of Ireland's three purpose-built research vessels, the RV Celtic Explorer, the RV Celtic Voyager, as well as the new built RV Tom Crean launched in 2022 after a two year build in Vigo Spain.Remotely Operated Underwater Vehicle Holland 1.
Governance
The institute is governed and overseen by a board appointed by the Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine, the members being appointed on staggered terms, generally of five years, and with a mix of profiles. The board appoints the CEO, sets the strategic plan and measurements, the annual budget and other policies, and oversees hiring, public reporting and risk and financial management.
Staff and structure
The Marine Institute employs approximately 200 staff including specialists in fisheries, marine environment, technology, aquaculture, catchment management, ocean energy, functional foods and marine climate change, as well as experts in information technology, communications and logistical support.
The Office of the CEO provides overall direction and co-ordination of foresight, strategic and research planning activities at national and international level. It works in association with the Marine Institute's five service areas and other national and international organisations. The service areas are:
Marine Environment and Food Safety Services (MEFS)
Marine Environment & Food Safety Services (MEFS) provides essential scientific advice and a range of marine environmental monitoring services to help ensure Irish seafood products meet approved standards. It also provides expert integrated advice to, and on behalf of, government departments and agencies, including the Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine, Department of the Environment, Community and Local Government, and the Department of Communications, Energy & Natural Resources.
The Fish Health Team works with the marine food industry to protect the health status of Irish farmed salmon, trout and shellfish. The Fish Health Unit is the Irish National Reference Laboratory for finfish, mollusc and crustacean diseases. The team tests aquatic animal samples, as required under EU and national legislation, and supports the aquaculture industry and the inland fisheries sector in maintaining Ireland's superior fish and shellfish health status. The Fish Health Unit is also the National Competent Authority for the implementation of aquatic animal health legislation under EU and national legislation and monitors the movement of finfish and shellfish into and within Ireland.
Food Safety Monitoring ensures that Irish marine fish, shellfish and seafood products remain safe from elevated levels of residues and contaminants. The programmes in this area include monitoring of Irish fish, shellfish and seafood products to assure that they are safe from elevated levels of residues and contaminants. This complies with a range of EU Directives as well as with national requirements. The programme monitors naturally occurring species of plankton and the toxins they produce which can be concentrated in filter-feeding shellfish. This information is provided directly to the seafood industry to allow harvesting. Research is also carried out on developing new methods of testing for identifying emerging phytoplankton species and ensuring that they can be identified and analysed effectively, and also monitoring of microbiological contaminants in shellfish.
The Marine Institute runs a national Harmful Algal Bloom (HABS) monitoring service that warns producers and consumers of concentrations of toxic plankton in Irish coastal waters that could contaminate shellfish or cause fish deaths.
Environmental Monitoring is designed to assess levels, distribution and trends of human-made contaminants and naturally occurring biotoxins. Pollution may adversely affect the health of the seas and ultimately limit man's ability, or that of future generations, to use the seas as a sustainable resource.
The Aquaculture & Rearing teams located in Galway and Newport provide research, monitoring, analyses and advice on finfish aquaculture, salmonid rearing and freshwater catchment studies. The team also implements the National Sea Lice Monitoring programme on behalf of the Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine.
Fisheries Ecosystems Advisory Services (FEAS)
The Fisheries Ecosystems Advisory Services unit researches, assesses and advises on the sustainable exploitation of the marine fisheries resources in the waters around Ireland, and on the impacts of fisheries on the ecosystem. Irish waters contain some of the most productive fishing grounds in the world. These waters are important fish spawning and nursery grounds and their ‘Biological Sensitivity ' is recognised internationally. To ensure the sustainable exploitation of this valuable fisheries resource and to protect the sensitive habitats in which they live, fisheries science is becoming a more 'broader based' science that will link into the concept of 'ocean management' and not just 'fisheries management'.
Linking fisheries data with oceanographic, sea bed mapping and climate change data, examining predator prey relationships, and interacting with stakeholders are all important components of a new form of 'ocean management advice' which comes under the umbrella of the 'ecosystem approach'. This approach considers all marine related activities such as fishing, gravel extraction and leisure use in a specific area (e.g. the Irish Sea) and provides advice in this context. Much of the work of the unit in this area is also used as input to the Marine Strategy Framework Directive which seeks to ensure Ireland's marine area achieves a good environmental status by 2020.
Fisheries Ecosystems Advisory Services are charged with meeting Ireland's obligations under the EU Data Collection Framework. The Framework supports the scientific advice needed to underpin the Common Fisheries Policy. As such, the unit carries out fisheries surveys in the waters around Ireland using the research vessels RV Celtic Explorer and RV Celtic Voyager. These surveys collect extensive data for both national and international stock assessments of the main commercial species of fish and shellfish. Survey work is also conducted aboard commercial fishing vessels and unit staff collect data on the age and length profile of landings and examine fleet activity and fishing patterns. This information is used to produce the annual ‘Stock Book' which is the primary source of scientific advice on marine fisheries to the Irish Government and the Industry and is used to support fisheries negotiations with the European Union.
Participation in applied research projects is critical to the evolution of scientific advice. The unit's flagship research project is the Beaufort Ecosystem Project, that links the third level sector on a broad range of ecosystem projects including fisheries seal interactions, marine birds, cetaceans, size based modelling and stakeholder engagement. Unit staff are also co-supervising a range of PhD projects and are active partners in many EU funded research projects.
Ocean Science and Information Services (OSIS)
The Ocean Science and Information Services (OSIS) team provide support for national and international marine research programmes in a number of areas.
Research Vessel Operations manage the Marine Institute's research fleet, the RV Celtic Explorer and the RV Celtic Voyager, and also manage the foreign research vessel notification process. The 65m long RV Celtic Explorer is a highly sophisticated low-noise multipurpose research vessel designed for undertaking a wide array of offshore and deep-sea survey operations. The RV Celtic Voyager is a 31.4m multipurpose vessel suited to coastal research and off shore survey operations. Both vessels are fully fitted with state-of-the-art scientific instrumentation, laboratories and IT equipment and are used for a variety of applications including fisheries research, environmental monitoring, seabed mapping, oceanology, seismic surveys, student training and meteorological investigations.
Advanced Mapping Service Group carries out routine hydrographic and geophysical mapping for the Irish National Seabed Survey, the Integrated Mapping for the Sustainable Development of Irelands Marine Resource / (INFOMAR) and benthic fisheries projects. The team has considerable expertise in Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) and resource mapping, including aspects of aggregates exploration and marine pelagic and benthic habitat mapping. The Advanced Mapping Section also mobilises and carries out rig site geo hazard surveys, pipeline investigations and are an active partners in the Mapping of European Seabed Habitats Project (MESH); concentrating on development of habitat mapping tools. This section also has the tools and infrastructure that permits acquisition, processing and interpretation of large survey data sets.
Oceanography and Ocean Modelling provide comprehensive oceanographic services, including the Irish Marine Data Buoy Observation Network of five buoys around the Irish coast. The team is also involved in the establishment of an / Irish tide gauge network, ocean modelling, satellite remote sensing and oceanographic support of diverse seagoing research programmes related to marine fisheries and environment.
The Information Services & Development team are responsible for the co-ordination of Marine Institute data activities and the provision of Information Technology infrastructure and information management for the Marine Institute.
The Advanced Marine Technology Programme is part of Sea Change, Ireland's marine research and innovation strategy. It seeks to create a critical mass, multi-disciplinary and industry-oriented research grouping in the area of advanced sensing, communications and informatics.
The Irish Maritime Development Office (IMDO)
The Irish Maritime Development Office (IMDO) of the Marine Institute is Ireland's first dedicated development, promotional and marketing agency for the shipping services sector. The IMDO's statutory mandate is to promote and develop growth in the Irish Shipping industry, and to attract to Ireland additional marine related service sector operations along with key players in International Shipping and ancillary services.
The shipping services sector is the largest segment of the Irish Marine industrial base, employing over 8,000 people while also generating over €1.5 billion within the economy annually. As an island-based economy, maritime transport carries 90% by volume of all Irish trade, making this a strategically important industry.
IMDO provides assistance to the Irish maritime industry and its consumers in its effort to maintain competitiveness in the International marketplace. The formulation and delivery of expert advice to Government is amongst the office's principal roles. The office also markets Ireland overseas as a dynamic European location for International shipping services to locate their operations.
IMDO has driven a number of successful initiatives including a new highly competitive shipping corporate tax regime, fiscal incentives, mercantile legislative reform and major initiatives in maritime education.
Corporate Services
Corporate Services supports each of the Marine Institute service areas to deliver a consistent and high quality service in line with the objectives and priorities of the Institute. It comprises sections for finance, human resources management, facilities management, communications, and a Library operation. The institute supports an ongoing programme of events, publications, the www.marine.ie website, media relations, and a schools outreach programme linked to the new national curriculum, Explorers Education Programme, used in over 50schools in Ireland.
See also
Irish Naval Service
Irish Coast Guard
List of Irish state vessels
References
Marine Institute Act 1991
External links
Marine Institute Website
IMDO Website
Follow the Fleet Website IMDO Educational Website
Fisheries and aquaculture research institutes
Fishing in Ireland
Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine
Neal K. Hunt (born September 17, 1942) is an American real estate business person and politician who served as a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing constituents in Wake County in the fifteenth district of the North Carolina Senate. They were first elected to the Senate in 2004. They previously served two terms in an at-large seat on the Raleigh City Council.
Early life
Neal Hunt was born in Thomasville, North Carolina on September 17, 1942, but grew up in the Raleigh area graduating from Ravenscroft School in 1960. They then went on to receive their BS in Spanish from Hampden–Sydney College in 1964 and an MBA from Wharton School in 1968.
Hunt went to work for Wachovia in Raleigh becoming a regional manager for commercial real estate lending. Later, they started their own real estate development firm.
Political career
Hunt served for seven years on the Raleigh Planning Commission from 1993 to 2000. They then ran for an at-large seat on the Raleigh City Council winning two terms. They served from 2001 until their election to State Senate in 2004.
Hunt first won election to the 15th district of the North Carolina Senate in 2004 after defeating a five-term incumbent John H. Carrington and newcomer Jean Koch in the Republican primary with 62.36% of the vote. Hunt then won the general election race against Libertarian candidate Lee Griffin with 84.58% of the vote.
In 2006, Hunt did not face any primary challenge and went on to face the Democratic nominee, community volunteer and former teacher Dorothy "Gerry" Bowles, who had previously lost to Carrington for the 15th district seat in 2002. Hunt defeated Bowles 54.9%–45.1%. Neither Hunt nor their general election challengers faced any primaries in 2008. The general election featured Hunt vs. the Democratic nominee, financial adviser Chris Mintz, and the Libertarian candidate Jan MacKay. Hunt won re-election with 52.83% of the vote. Again having no primary challenger for their seat in 2010, Hunt faced Democratic candidate and state employee Charles Malone, in the general election. Hunt defeated Malone 60.55%–39.45%.
Hunt was only challenged in the general election in 2012 by Sig Hutchinson, a Democratic marketing consultant and environmental activist. Hunt defeated Hutchinson, 55.82%–44.18%.
Hunt is Co-Chair of the Appropriations/Base Budget standing committee in the state senate.
References
External links
North Carolina General Assembly profile page.
Official campaign site
North Carolina state senators
Raleigh City Council members
Living people
North Carolina Republicans
1942 births
Ravenscroft School alumni
21st-century American politicians
People from Thomasville, North Carolina
Politicians from Raleigh, North Carolina
Giovanni de Copis (died 1527) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1522–1527).
Biography
On 29 October 1522, Giovanni de Copis was appointed during the papacy of Pope Adrian VI as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze.
They served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until their death on 15 August 1527.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Adrian VI
1527 deaths
Filip Halgoš (born 9 March 1998) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for FK Viktoria Žižkov.
Club career
AS Trenčín
Halgoš made their professional Fortuna Liga debut for AS Trenčín against MFK Ružomberok on 21 August 2016.
References
External links
AS Trenčín official club profile
Futbalnet profile
1998 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
Slovak expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
AS Trenčín players
MFK Tatran Liptovský Mikuláš players
FK Viktoria Žižkov players
FK Železiarne Podbrezová players
Slovak Super Liga players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Czech National Football League players
Sportspeople from Trenčín
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Amy Scheer is an American professional sports executive and past general manager of the Connecticut Whale of the Premier Hockey Federation (PHF). They previously served as an executive for several teams in the northeastern United States, including the WNBA's New York Liberty and the MLS's New York Red Bulls.
Career
Growing up in Fair Lawn, New Jersey, they played tennis in their youth, graduated from Fair Lawn High School and attended the University of Massachusetts Amherst, earning a degree in sports management.
In 2001, they began a position as a vice-president for the New York Liberty in the Women's National Basketball League. DUring their time with the Liberty, ticket sales increased by over 130%.
They then spent time working as Vice President, Marketing and Brand Development for the New York City FC. In 2015, they were named Chief Commercial Officer of the New York Red Bulls of the MLS. Later in the 2010s, they consulted for the Madison Square Garden Company and Rugby United New York of Major League Rugby.
They were named one of WISE New York City's Women of Inspiration in 2017.
In August 2020, they were hired as general manager of the PHF's Connecticut Whale, taking over from Bray Ketchum, who had chosen to focus on their teaching career outside of sports.
They have been a resident of Fort Lee, New Jersey.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Women ice hockey executives
Ice hockey people from New Jersey
Isenberg School of Management alumni
Connecticut Whale (PHF)
Fair Lawn High School alumni
People from Fair Lawn, New Jersey
People from Fort Lee, New Jersey
Angarsky (masculine), Angarskaya (feminine), or Angarskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Angarsky District, a district of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia
Angarskoye Urban Okrug, a municipal formation which Angarsky District in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
Angarskoye Urban Settlement, a former municipal formation which the city of Angarsk in Angarsky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia was incorporated as
Angarsky (rural locality), several rural localities in Russia
Angarskyi Pass, a mountain pass in Crimea, Ukraine
Blake Skjellerup (born 13 June 1985 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a short track speed skater who competed for New Zealand at the 2010 Winter Olympics; finishing sixteenth.
Sporting career
Skjellerup began speed skating at the age of 10 in Christchurch after an injury from roller blading forced them to stop playing rugby union for a season. Their brother introduced them to speed skating to keep them active. Blake quickly took to the sport and began spending as much time as they could in skates. In short track Blake had found not only has passion but something that they were good at.
In their career they have won five New Zealand national titles and broken numerous national records throughout their career. Skjellerup currently holds 3 New Zealand individual records in the 500, 1000, 1500 meter events, and 1 record in the 5000m men's relay.
They attempted to qualify for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia but was not selected.
Skjellerup is currently living in Sydney, Australia.
Personal life
Skjellerup is of Danish and Māori (Ngāti Pāmoana) descent. In 2003 they were awarded the Junior Māori Sportsman at that year's Māori Sports Awards.
Skjellerup came out as gay in an interview with Australian magazine DNA in May 2010, saying they had decided to wait until after the Vancouver Games to do so in order to focus on their performance and to avoid turning off potential sponsors.  They are one of only a few openly gay Olympic athletes and was reported at the time as having a partner, also an athlete.
In 2011, Skjellerup and Matthew Mitcham, a gay Olympic athlete from Australia, were named by the Federation of Gay Games as ambassadors to the 2014 Gay Games in Cleveland, Ohio. Skjellerup also became an advocate for Pink Shirt Day, a nationwide campaign to fight bullying in New Zealand. In 2014 they appeared in the documentary film To Russia with Love.
In July 2015, Skjellerup married their boyfriend, lifestyle blogger Saul Carrasco, in Hawaii. However, based on Skjellerup's Snapchat posts the couple has separated or divorced.
References
External links
Official website
1985 births
Living people
New Zealand male short track speed skaters
New Zealand people of Danish descent
New Zealand Māori sportspeople
Olympic short track speed skaters of New Zealand
Short track speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Gay sportsmen
LGBT sportspeople from New Zealand
LGBT speed skaters
21st-century LGBT people
Lalgola is a community development block that forms an administrative division in the Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Geography
Lalgola is located at
Lalgola CD block is bounded by Chapai Nawabganj Sadar Upazila in Chapai Nawabganj District and Godagari Upazila in Rajshahi District of Bangladesh, across the Padma, in the north, Bhagawangola II CD block in the east, Bhagawangola I CD blocks in the south and Raghunathganj I and Raghunathganj II CD blocks in the west.
Lalgola CD block lies in the Jalangi-Bhagirathi Interfluve physiographic region in Murshidabad district. The Bhagirathi River splits the district into two natural physiographic regions – Rarh on the west and Bagri on the east. The Padma River separates Murshidabad district from Malda district and Chapai Nawabganj and Rajshahi districts of Bangladesh in the north. It is a low-lying area having alluvial soil pattern.
The Bagri or the eastern part of the district is a low lying alluvial plain with the shape of an isosceles triangle. The Ganges/Padma and the Bhagirathi form the two equal sides; the Jalangi forms the entire base; other offshoots of the Ganga meander within the area. It is liable to be flooded by the spill of the Bhagirathi and other rivers. The main rivers of this region are Bhairab, Jalangi, Chhoto Bhairab, Sialmari and Gobra Nala. All these rivers are distributaries of the main branch of the Ganges. The rivers are in their decaying stages.
A major problem in Murshidabad district is river bank erosion. As of 2013, an estimated 2.4 million people reside along the banks of the Ganges alone in Murshidabad district. Between 1931 and 1977, 26,769 hectares have been eroded and many villages have been fully submerged. 1980-1990 was a decade of erosion for this district and during the decade Giria, Sekhalipur, Khejustala, Mithipur, Fajilpur, Rajapur, Akheriganj, Parashpur villages were badly affected. Many families living along the Ganges continue to be affected. As for example, in 2007, severe erosion occurred in Lalgola, Bhagawangola II, Farakka and Raninnagar II CD blocks. In 2008, 1,245 families were affected in Lalgola, Bhagawangola I and Bhagawangola II CD blocks.
See also - River bank erosion along the Ganges in Malda and Murshidabad districts
Lalgola is a border checkpoint on the Bangladesh-India border. On the other side is Godagiri, across the Padma.
Murshidabad district has a 125.35 km long international border with Bangladesh of which 42.35 km is on land and the remaining is riverine. There are 9 blocks – Samserganj, Suti I, Suti II, Raghunathganj II, Lalgola, Bhagawangola I, Bhagawangola II, Raninagar II and Jalangi - along the Bangladesh-India border.
Lalgola CD block has an area of 184.37 km2. It has 1 panchayat samity, 12 gram panchayats, 205 gram sansads (village councils), 94 mouzas and 84 inhabited villages. Lalgola police station serves this block. Headquarters of this CD block is at Lalgola.
Gram panchayats in Lalgola block/ panchayat samiti are: Airmari Krishnapur, Bahadurpur, Bilborakopra, Dewansarai, Jasaitala, Kalmegha, Lalgola, Maiya, Manikchak, Nashipur, Paikpara and Ramchandrapur.
Demographics
Population
According to the 2011 Census of India, Lalgola CD block had a total population of 335,831, all of which were rural. There were 170,997 (51%) males and 164,834 (49%) females. Population in the age range 0–6 years numbered 54,961. Scheduled Castes numbered 31,248 (9.30%) and Scheduled Tribes numbered 168 (0.05%).
As per 2001 census, Lalgola block has a total population of 267,593, out of which 136,853 were males and 130,710 were females. Lalgola block registered a population growth of 29.40 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Decadal Population Growth Rate (%)
Sources:
The decadal growth of population in Lalgola CD block in 2001-2011 was 25.48%.
The decadal growth rate of population in Murshidabad district was as follows: 33.5% in 1951-61, 28.6% in 1961-71, 25.5% in 1971-81, 28.2% in 1981-91, 23.8% in 1991-2001 and 21.1% in 2001-11. The decadal growth rate for West Bengal in 2001-11 was 13.93%.
The decadal growth rate of population in Chapai Nawabganj District was 15.59% for the decade 2001-2011, down from 21.67% in the decade 1991-2001. The decadal growth rate of population in Rajshahi District was 13.48% for the decade 2001-2011, down from 21.19% in the decade 1991-2001. Both the districts are across the Ganges, in Bangladesh.
There are reports of Bangladeshi infiltrators entering Murshidabad district.
Villages
Large villages under Lalgola CD block were (2011 population figures in brackets): Maia (15,131), Bayra (15,259), Paharpur (13,368), Amarkunda (5,605), Makimnagar (4,057), Ilimpur (6,204), Nasipur (8,696), Syampur (4,443), Rajarampur (10,528), Paikpara (12,138), Nadaipur (9,401), Basui (4,676), Upar Fatepur (7,142), Krishnapur (19,462), Ramchandrapur (4,358), Karttickpur (5,687), Kalmegha (8,176), Bansgara (8,671), Lalgola (31,698), Hazi Mahammadpur (4,227), Paschim Durbarpara (5,056), Krishnapur Dinurpara (7,502), Brahimottar Manick Chak (7,800), Bajupur Madhupur (9,771), Diar Fatepur (10,536) and Sites Nagar (7,123).
Literacy
As per the 2011 census, the total number of literate persons in Lalgola CD block was 180,646 (64.32% of the population over 6 years) out of which males numbered 94,242 (65.81% of the male population over 6 years) and females numbered 86,401 (62.76% of the female population over 6 years). The gender disparity (the difference between female and male literacy rates) was 3.06%.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Language and religion
In the 2001 census, Bengali was mother tongue of 98.3% of the population in Murshidabad district, followed by Santhali 0.8%, Hindi 0.4%, Telugu 0.2% and Urdu 0.1%.
In the 2011 census, Muslims numbered 269,500 and formed 80.25% of the population in Lalgola CD block. Hindus numbered 65,493 and formed 19.50% of the population. Others numbered 838 and formed 0.25% of the population. In Lalgola CD block while the proportion of Muslims increased from 75.74% in 1991 to 77.93% in 2001, the proportion of Hindus declined from 24.13% in 1991 to 21.81% in 2001.
Murshidabad district had 4,707,573 Muslims who formed 66.27% of the population, 2,359,061 Hindus who formed 33.21% of the population, and 37, 173 persons belonging to other religions who formed 0.52% of the population, in the 2011 census. While the proportion of Muslim population in the district increased from 61.40% in 1991 to 63.67% in 2001, the proportion of Hindu population declined from 38.39% in 1991 to 35.92% in 2001.
Murshidabad was the only Muslim majority district in West Bengal at the time of partition of India in 1947. The proportion of Muslims in the population of Murshidabad district in 1951 was 55.24%. The Radcliffe Line had placed Muslim majority Murshidabad in India and the Hindu majority Khulna in Pakistan, in order to maintain the integrity of the Ganges river system In India.
Rural poverty
As per the Human Development Report 2004 for West Bengal, the rural poverty ratio in Murshidabad district was 46.12%. Purulia, Bankura and Birbhum districts had higher rural poverty ratios. These estimates were based on Central Sample data of NSS 55th round 1999-2000.
Economy
Livelihood
In Lalgola CD block in 2011, amongst the class of total workers, cultivators numbered 10,746 and formed 9.18%, agricultural labourers numbered 32,568 and formed 27.83%, household industry workers numbered 18,139 and formed 15.50% and other workers numbered 55,565 and formed 47.48%.
Infrastructure
There are 84 inhabited villages in Lalgola CD block. 100% villages have power supply. 83 villages (98.81%) have drinking water supply. 17 villages (20.24%) have post offices. 83 villages (98.81%) have telephones (including landlines, public call offices and mobile phones). 38 villages (45.24%) have a pucca approach road and 17 villages (20.24%) have transport communication (includes bus service, rail facility and navigable waterways). 4 villages (4.76%) have agricultural credit societies and 6 villages (7.14%) have banks.
Agriculture
From 1977 onwards major land reforms took place in West Bengal. Land in excess of land ceiling was acquired and distributed amongst the peasants. Following land reforms land ownership pattern has undergone transformation. In 2013-14, persons engaged in agriculture in Lalgola CD block could be classified as follows: bargadars 1,736 (2.66%), patta (document) holders 4,974 (7.62%), small farmers (possessing land between 1 and 2 hectares) 4,166 (6.38%), marginal farmers (possessing land up to 1 hectare) 21,812 (33.43%) and agricultural labourers 32,568 (49.91%).
Lalgola CD block had 170 fertiliser depots, 3 seed stores and 55 fair price shops in 2013-14.
In 2013-14, Lalgola CD block produced 7,057 tonnes of Aman paddy, the main winter crop from 2,594 hectares, 2,630 tonnes of Boro paddy (spring crop) from 751 hectares, 1,216 tonnes of Aus paddy (summer crop) from 649 hectares, 9,870 tonnes of wheat from 3,751 hectares, 227 tonnes of maize from 88 hectares, 134,085 tonnes of jute from 9,881 hectares and 4,176 tonnes of potatoes from 145 hectares. It also produced pulses and oilseeds.
In 2013-14, the total area irrigated in Lalgola CD block was 7,422 hectares, out of which 90 hectares were irrigated by canal water, 120 hectares with tank water, 186 hectares with river lift irrigation, 1,698 hectares by deep tube well, 68 hectares by shallow tube well and 5,260 hectares by other means.
Silk and handicrafts
Murshidabad is famous for its silk industry since the Middle Ages. There are three distinct categories in this industry, namely (i) Mulberry cultivation and silkworm rearing (ii) Peeling of raw silk (iii) Weaving of silk fabrics.
Ivory carving is an important cottage industry from the era of the Nawabs. The main areas where this industry has flourished are Khagra and Jiaganj. 99% of ivory craft production is exported. In more recent years sandalwood etching has become more popular than ivory carving. Bell metal and Brass utensils are manufactured in large quantities at Khagra, Berhampore, Kandi and Jangipur. Beedi making has flourished in the Jangipur subdivision.
Banking
In 2013-14, Lalgola CD block had offices of 11 commercial banks and 2 gramin banks.
Backward Regions Grant Fund
Murshidabad district is listed as a backward region and receives financial support from the Backward Regions Grant Fund. The fund, created by the Government of India, is designed to redress regional imbalances in development. As of 2012, 272 districts across the country were listed under this scheme. The list includes 11 districts of West Bengal.
Transport
Lalgola CD block has 6 ferry services and 6 originating/ terminating bus routes.
The Ranaghat-Lalgola branch line was opened in 1905.
State Highway 11A, running from Raghunathganj to Bhagawangola passes through this CD block.
Education
In 2013-14, Lalgola CD block had 131 primary schools with 20,768 students, 22 middle schools with 3,260 students, 2 high schools with 2,105 students and 16 higher secondary schools with 35,783 students. Lalgola CD block had 1 general college with 1,890 students and 486 institutions for special and non-formal education with 28,338 students.
Lalgola College was established in 2006 at Lalgola
In Lalgola CD block, amongst the 84 inhabited villages, 13 villages did not have a school, 35 villages have more than 1 primary school, 35 villages have at least 1 primary and 1 middle school and 14 villages have at least 1 middle and 1 secondary school.
Healthcare
In 2014, Lalgola CD block had 1 rural hospital, 2 primary health centres and 3 private nursing homes with total 64 beds and 9 doctors (excluding private bodies). It had 34 family welfare subcentres. 20,314 patients were treated indoor and 144,875 patients were treated outdoor in the hospitals, health centres and subcentres of the CD Block.
Lalgola CD block has Krishnapur Rural Hospital at Krishnapur (with 50 beds), Rajarampur Primary Health Centre (with 4 beds) and Krishnapur-Dinupara PHC (with 10 beds).
Lalgola CD block is one of the areas of Murshidabad district where ground water is affected by a high level of arsenic contamination. The WHO guideline for arsenic in drinking water is 10 mg/ litre, and the Indian Standard value is 50 mg/ litre. All but one of the 26 blocks of Murshidabad district have arsenic contamination above the WHO level, all but two of the blocks have arsenic concentration above the Indian Standard value and 17 blocks have arsenic concentration above 300 mg/litre. The maximum concentration in Lalgola CD block is 1,028 mg/litre.
External links
References
Community development blocks in Murshidabad district
Clarkinella is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least two described species in Clarkinella.
Species
These two species belong to the genus Clarkinella:
Clarkinella canadensis Mason, 1981 (Canada)
Clarkinella edithae Mason, 1981 (Brazil, Trinidad & Tobago)
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Prentice Penny (born December 1, 1973) is an American producer, writer, and director.  They are best known as the showrunner for the HBO series Insecure.  They are the writer and director of the Netflix film Uncorked. They were the creator and host of the show Upscale with Prentice Penny.  They are also known for their roles as writer and producer on the series Brooklyn Nine-Nine, The Hustle, and Scrubs.
Early life
Prentice grew up in the Windsor Hill neighborhood of Los Angeles. Their father ran a furniture business started by their grandfather in Compton. Their mother, Brenda J. Penny, is a judge for the Los Angeles County Superior Court. They graduated in 1995, from the University of Southern California's screenwriting program where they were a member of the African American Cinema Association. They worked as a substitute teacher before getting their first writing job in television.
Career
Prentice began their professional career as a writer's trainee on the show Girlfriends where they eventually became a staff writer. They moved on to work as a writer and Co-Producer on the series Do Not Disturb, where they note they were the only Black writer on the series. They then moved on to co-produce on the series Scrubs, before gaining their first producer credit on the series Breaking In. In 2013 they joined The Hustle as their executive producer. They then went on to join Brooklyn Nine-Nine as a co-executive producer and writer. In 2017 they created, produced and starred in the series Upscale with Prentice Penny, a lifestyle series focusing on conscious consumption.
In 2016 they became the showrunner for Insecure on HBO a role which he's maintained for all seasons of the series. In 2020 Insecure was nominated for eight Emmy Award nominations for its fourth season, including the Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series.
In March 2020, their first feature film Uncorked, a father/son story of an African-American man attempting to become a sommelier, premiered on Netflix.
As of July 2020, Penny had several new projects in the works. They will be partnering with Chernin Entertainment and Netflix to direct a holiday film, the idea for which came from Penny and their wife. They said, "When my wife Tasha and I came up with the idea, we felt that African-American movies centered around Christmas never got to play in the same ‘magical' sandbox that traditionally white movies do, like The Santa Clause or Elf. We wanted to see images of ourselves portrayed in this genre and create a movie that black families could enjoy having themselves represented in for generations."  They are also working with HBO to develop two new series: The Untamed, a culturally diverse epic fantasy based on a series of comic books set in the Asunda universe; and queens, a show set in New York City and focusing on the lives of immigrant women.
In 2021, Penny partnered with comedian Sam Jay to create Pause with Sam Jay for HBO and serves as Executive Producer. The show was renewed in 2021 for a second season. It is confirmed that they will have an overall deal with Onyx Collective.
Filmography
Film
Television
Personal life
Prentice is married to attorney Tasha Penny, whom they met in college at the University of Southern California. They have three children.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American writers
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American screenwriters
African-American film directors
African-American screenwriters
Film directors from Los Angeles
Screenwriters from California
Television producers from California
Writers from Los Angeles
21st-century African-American men
County of Hanson is a cadastral unit located in the Australian state of South Australia that covers land in the Flinders Ranges immediately east of the town of Hawker. It was proclaimed on 20 July 1877 and is named after Sir Richard Davies Hanson who served as Premier, Administrator and Chief Justice of South Australia. It has been partially divided in the following sub-units of hundreds – Adams, Arkaba, French, Moralana and Warcowie.
Description
The County of Hanson is located on the east side of the Flinders Ranges to the immediate east of the town of Hawker for a distance of about from its western boundary and for about from its northern boundary. It is bounded by the following counties - Taunton to the north and north-west, Blachford to the west, Newcastle to the south-west, Granville to the south, Lytton to the south-east and Derby to the east.
The county is served by one principal road, the Flinders Ranges Way, which passes through the county in a north–south direction from the town of Hawker in the south entering via the west side of the Hundred of Arkaba and exiting via the Hundred of Warcowie on its way to the town centre in Blinman in the north.
The county is located both within the local government area of the Flinders Ranges Council which occupies the county's south-west corner and the state's Pastoral Unincorporated Area which occupies the remainder of the county.
The county includes the southern end of the Ikara-Flinders Ranges National Park on its northern side. Features such as Wilpena Pound and St Mary Peak are within the boundary of the county.
History
The County of Hanson was proclaimed on 20 July 1877 and is named after Sir Richard Davies Hanson who served as Premier of South Australia from 1857 to 1861, the Chief Justice of South Australia from 1861 to 1876 and as the Administrator of South Australia during the absence of the Governor from late 1872 to mid-1873.
The following hundreds have been proclaimed within the county - Arkaba in 1877, and Adams, French (formerly Basedow), Moralana and Warcowie in 1895.
The Hundred of Arkaba formed part of the land area gazetted on 5 January 1888 as the District Council of Hawker under the District Councils Act 1887. Parts of the hundreds of Adams and Warcowie were added to the District Council on 12 May 1932. All of this land has been part of the Flinders Ranges Council since 1 January 1997.
Constituent hundreds
Location of hundreds
The hundreds are laid out from west to east from the boundary with the County of Blachford in three columns as follows:
the western column consisting of Arkaba and Moralana,
the middle column consisting of Adams and Warcowie,
the east column consisting of French located immediately east of Warcowie.
The total area of the hundreds accounts for out of the county's total area of or of the county's area.
A Hundred of Adams
The Hundred of Adams () was proclaimed on 12 December 1895. It covers an area of and is named after Henry Adams, a former member of the South Australian Parliament. Its western side is in the locality of Hawker, its eastern side is in Worumba, its north-east corner is in Shaggy Ridge and its south-east corner is shared with the localities of Holowiliena, Holowiliena South and Three Creeks.
A Hundred of Arkaba
The Hundred of Arkaba () was proclaimed on 18 January 1877. It covers an area of and was named after Arkaba Creek. The site of the government town of Chapmanton is located within the hundred. Its extent is fully occupied by part of the locality of Hawker.
A Hundred of French
The Hundred of French () was originally proclaimed on 12 December 1895 as the Hundred of Basedow, covers an area of . The original naming was to honour Martin Basedow, a member of the South Australian Parliament. It was one of places to be renamed during World War I as it was "of enemy origin". The Hundred of Perawillia was first proposed in 1916 as a replacement name but was not accepted. It was finally named after John French, a British general of World War I on 10 January 1918. Its centre is occupied by a portion of the locality of Flinders Ranges in the west and by a portion of Willippa in the east, while its southern end is occupied by Shaggy Ridge in the west and by Black Hill Station in the east, and while its northern end is occupied by Upalinna and Mount Havelock in the west and by Prelinna in the east.
A Hundred of Moralana
The Hundred of Moralana () was proclaimed on 7 March 1895. It covers an area of and its name is derived from an Aboriginal word whose meaning is not known. Its extent is fully occupied by part of the locality of Flinders Ranges.
A Hundred of Warcowie
The Hundred of Warcowie () was proclaimed on 7 March 1895. It covers an area of and its name is derived from an Aboriginal word meaning “crows waterhole”. Its centre is occupied by a portion of the locality of Flinders Ranges while its southern end is occupied by Hawker in the west and Shaggy Ridge in the east, and while its northern end is occupied by Upalinna, Prelinna and Mount Havelock (from west to east).
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
Hawker, South Australia#Climate, the nearest weather station
References
H
H
H
Tahina spectabilis, the tahina palm, is a species of gigantic palm that is found only in the Analalava District of northwestern Madagascar. It can grow tall and has leaves over across. An individual tree was discovered when in flower in 2007; it was first described the following year as a result of photographs being sent to Kew Gardens in the United Kingdom for identification. The palm is thought to live for up to fifty years before producing an enormous inflorescence and subsequently dying. Fewer than one hundred individuals of the species are thought to exist and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated it as "critically endangered".
Taxonomy
The species, which produces countless flowers and (after fruiting) dies, is sufficiently different from other known palms to justify the creation of the monotypic genus Tahina, which is now included with three other genera in the tribe Chuniophoeniceae; the other members being found in the Arabian peninsula, Thailand and China. Fewer than one hundred individuals of the species are thought to exist.
Description
The palm is one of the largest of the 170 palm species native to Madagascar, having a trunk up to tall and leaves which are over in diameter.
Tahina spectabilis normally appears much like other palms. However, when it flowers, which John Dransfield of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew estimates as occurring after 30 to 50 years, the stem tip grows a large inflorescence that bursts into branches of hundreds of flowers. The drain on nutrients this display entails results in the death of the organism within several months.
Discovery
The tahina palm was discovered by French cashew plantation manager Xavier Metz and their family, who were strolling through a remote northwestern region of Madagascar in 2007 when they came across a flowering individual and sent photos to the Kew Gardens for identification.
Its name is derived from "Tahina", a Malagasy word meaning "to be protected" or "blessed", being the given name of Anne-Tahina Metz, the daughter of its discoverer, while "spectabilis" means spectacular in Latin.
It was subsequently chosen as one of the top ten species discoveries of 2008 by the International Institute for Species Exploration.
References
External links
Coryphoideae
Endemic flora of Madagascar
Plants described in 2008
Critically endangered plants
The 2007 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between 9 and 11 March 2007 in Milan, Italy. The World Championships were organised by the ISU which also run world cups and championships in speed skating and figure skating.
Results
Men
* First place is awarded 34 points, second is awarded 21 points, third is awarded 13 points, fourth is awarded 8 points, fifth is awarded 5 points, sixth is awarded 3 points, seventh is awarded 2 points, and eighth is awarded 1 point in the finals of each individual race to determine the overall world champion. The relays do not count for the overall classification.
Women
* First place is awarded 34 points, second is awarded 21 points, third is awarded 13 points, fourth is awarded 8 points, fifth is awarded 5 points, sixth is awarded 3 points, seventh is awarded 2 points, and eighth is awarded 1 point in the finals of each individual race to determine the overall world champion. The relays do not count for the overall classification.
Medal table
External links
Official Site
ISU Results
Results book
W
World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
W
International speed skating competitions hosted by Italy
Sports competitions in Milan
World Short Track
2000s in Milan
Yerkin Oleguly Tapalov (, Erkın Olegūly Tapalov; born 3 September 1993) is a Kazakhstani footballer who plays as a midfielder for Akzhayik and the Kazakhstan national team.
Career
Tapalov made their professional debut with Akzhayik in a 4–1 Kazakhstan Cup loss to FC Taraz on 20 April 2011.
International career
Tapalov made their international debut for the Kazakhstan national team in a friendly 1–0 win over Moldova on 21 February 2019.
References
External links
NFT Profile
Vesti Profile
1993 births
Living people
People from Oral, Kazakhstan
Kazakhstani footballers
Kazakhstan international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Akzhayik players
FC Zhetysu players
FC Shakhter Karagandy players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
The Volksmarine (VM, ; ) was the naval force of the German Democratic Republic (GDR) from 1956 to 1990. The Volksmarine was one of the service branches of the National People's Army and primarily performed a coastal defence role along the GDR's Baltic Sea coastline and territorial waters.
History
Soon after the end of World War II and the beginning of the Cold War, the Soviet Union initiated the rearming of the German Democratic Republic (GDR), which had been founded in October 1949 as a satellite state from the Soviet Zone of Occupation. Beginning in 1950, Soviet Navy officers helped to establish the Hauptverwaltung Seepolizei (Main Administration Sea Police), which was renamed Volkspolizei–See (VP–See) (People's Police – Sea) on 1 July 1952. At the same time parts of the erstwhile maritime police were reorganized into the new Grenzpolizei–See (Border Police –– Sea), to guard the sea frontiers, and incorporated into the Deutsche Grenzpolizei (German Border Police) that had been set up in 1946. By 1952 the VP–See is estimated to have numbered some 8,000 personnel.
On 1 March 1956, the GDR formally created its armed forces, the National People's Army (Nationale Volksarmee, NVA), and the VP–See became the Verwaltung Seestreitkräfte der NVA (Maritime Forces Administration of the NVA) with about 10,000 men. In November 1960, these maritime forces of the National People's Army were officially designated Volksmarine (People's Navy). Over the next years the navy gradually received a number of new ships, mostly built in the GDR. Only the coastal protection ships and some of the fast torpedo boats were provided by the Soviet Union, as were all helicopters, and some auxiliary craft were purchased from Poland.
Following the erection of the Berlin Wall on 13 August 1961, the Grenzbrigade Küste der Grenzpolizei (GBK) (Coastal Border Brigade of the Border Police) was incorporated into the Volksmarine. With the reorganization of 1965 all attack forces, i.e., the fast torpedo boats, were combined into a single flotilla (the 6th Flotilla) and stationed on the Bug peninsula of the island of Rügen. In the 1970s, the Volksmarine had grown to about 18,000 men. In the 1980s some of the ships were replaced and the Volksmarine acquired Soviet-built fighter-bombers. During 19851989, the Volksmarine caused about 180 reported incidents due to a maritime border dispute with Poland in the Pomeranian bay; in subsequent negotiations about two thirds of the disputed maritime area were allocated to the GDR.
The Volksmarine was dissolved, like all other branches of the former National People's Army, on 2 October 1990 – the day before the official reunification of Germany. Some of its staff was absorbed into the Bundesmarine (which was henceforth called the Deutsche Marine), some by the German Border Police. Most of the ships and other equipment were scrapped or sold; about one third of the ships went to the Indonesian Navy. Few if any former Volksmarine vessels remain in service with the modern-day German Navy. The last commander of the Volksmarine, Vizeadmiral Hendrik Born, wrote a multi-paragraph commentary for Dieter Flohr and Peter Seemann's 2009 book, Die Volksmarine, a comprehensive and picture-oriented history of the Volksmarine.
Operative tasks
The Volksmarine was first and foremost a coastal defence force, but offensive action and amphibious assaults against NATO were also included in its training and plans. It was operationally incorporated into the United Baltic Sea Fleets of the Warsaw Pact states, intended to serve alongside them in the event of war. Its designated area of operations was the Baltic Sea and the entrances to the Baltic Sea. If open warfare had erupted between the Warsaw Pact and NATO, the primary mission of the Volksmarine was to keep the sea lanes open for Soviet reinforcements and to participate in offensive actions against the coasts of hostile nations in the Baltic Sea. For these purposes, it was equipped with light forces such as anti-submarine ships, fast torpedo boats, minesweepers as well as landing craft. Routine duty was heavily focused on extensive reconnaissance activities, carried out mainly by the minesweepers and specialized electronic surveillance boats.
The 6th Border Brigade (Coast) had a special responsibility for the prevention of "Republikflucht" (people leaving the GDR without official permission). With effect from 1 November 1961, it was subordinated to the Volksmarine. It had a substantial number of small patrol boats and surveillance posts along the coast.
Commanders
Konteradmiral Felix Scheffler (1 March 1956 – 31 December 1956)
Vizeadmiral Waldemar Verner (1 January 1957 – 31 July 1959)
Konteradmiral Wilhelm Ehm (1 August 1959 – 31 July 1961, 25 February 1963 – 30 November 1987)
Konteradmiral Heinz Neukirchen (1 August 1961 – 24 February 1963)
Vizeadmiral Theodor Hoffmann (1 December 1987 – 17 November 1989)
Vizeadmiral Hendrik Born (11 December 1989 – 2 October 1990)
Organization
The Volksmarine was headed by the Kommando der Volksmarine (People's Navy HQ Command) in Rostock-Gehlsdorf. It was structured as follows (in 1985):
1st Flotilla in Peenemünde,
4th Flotilla in Rostock-Warnemünde,
6th Flotilla at Bug on Rügen Island,
6th Border Brigade (Coast) in Rostock.
In addition there were:
one Torpedo Technical Support Company (TTK-18) in Sassnitz (servicing anti-submarine torpedoes)
one Naval Helicopter Wing (MHG-18) in Parow near Stralsund
one Naval Flight Wing (MFG-28) in Laage
one Navy Engineering Battalion (MPiB-18) in Sassnitz
one Combat Swimmer Command (KSK-18) in Kühlungsborn
one Coastal Missile Regiment (Ground Support) (KRR-18) in Schwarzenpfost
one Coastal Defense Regiment (Ground Support) (KVR-18) in Rostock (from 1988)
one Naval Propaganda Company (PRK-18) in Rostock-Warnemünde
the Maritime Hydrographic Service of the GDR (SHD) in Rostock
testing and other special facilities
training facilities
Naval NCO Academy "Walter Steffens" in Parow (naval training of NCOs and seamen)
Naval Officers Academy "Karl Liebknecht" in Stralsund (training of naval officers)
NCO School for Support Services at Dänholm near Stralsund (technical training of NCOs)
Equipment
The Volksmarine was equipped with:
Landing craft
Minelayers and minesweepers
Fast torpedo and missile boat (like Project 131 "Libelle")
Coastal defense ships
Submarine hunters
Three Koni-class frigates (Rostock (141), Berlin- Haupstadt der DDR (142), and Halle (143))- Purchased from the Soviet Navy in the 1980s
Intelligence ships
Training ships
Support craft
Three squadrons of combat helicopters: Mil Mi-4MÄ Hound Mil Mi-8 Hip, Mi-14PL Haze-A and Mil Mi-14BT Haze-B
Fighter-bombers: Sukhoi Su-22M4 Fitter-K
Music
The People's Navy's band played a number of specially-composed musical pieces. Most notable is the "Präsentiermarsch der Volksmarine", which was composed by Ludwig Schmidt for use at ceremonial events. "Unsere Volksmarine" was also written for use at parades, while "Matrosen von Kronstadt" was an East German adaptation of the 1926 Soviet Navy song "Forward, Red Marines". The instrumental pieces written for the Volksmarine fell out of use after the reunification of Germany, and are not used by the modern German Navy.
Volksmarine admirals
There were 37 admirals in the history of the Volksmarine and its predecessor organizations. They were:
Flottenadmiral
No one was awarded this rank.
Admiral
Waldemar Verner
Wilhelm Ehm
Theodor Hoffmann
Vizeadmiral
Konteradmiral
Felix Scheffler
Richard Fischer
John Streubel
Rudi Wegner
Heinz Irmscher
Lothar Heinecke
Heinrich Jordt
Walter Kühn
Werner Henninger
Klaus Kahnt
Hans-Joachim Dönitz
Joachim Münch
Wolfgang Laue
Hans Heß
Werner Kotte
Rolf Rödel
Herbert Städtke
Günther Pöschel
Helmut Milzow
Friedrich Elchlepp
Eberhard Grießbach
Egon Nitz
Dr. Karl Weiß
Hans Partzsch
Herbert Bernig
Gerhard Müller
Peter Miethe
See also
Baltic Fleet
National People's Army
Orders, decorations, and medals of East Germany
Notes
References
Siegfried Breyer, Peter Joachim Lapp: Die Volksmarine der DDR, Bernard & Graefe Verlag,
Robert Rosentreter: Im Seegang der Zeit, Vier Jahrzehnte Volksmarine, Ingo Koch Verlag,
Klaus Froh, Rüdiger Wenzke: Die Generale und Admirale der NVA. Ein biographisches Handbuch. 4. Auflage. Ch. Links, Berlin 2000,
External links
Marinekameradschaft KSS e.V. site - Includes information on 1st & 4th Flotillas (in German)
Naval history of Germany
Disbanded navies
Military units and formations established in 1956
1990 disestablishments in Germany
Ravi Bahadur Rana (born 15 October 2002), is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or winger for ATK Mohun Bagan in the Indian Super League.
Club career
Born in Jammu Kashmir Ravi started their career by joining Tata football academy in Jamshedpur.  They are first player from Jammu Kashmir to join TFA.↵Over the years they promoted from Jamshedpur U-18 to Jamshedpur B team.
In 2021 Ravi Rana joined ATK Mohun Bagan FC and was included in their squad in AFC Cup.
They made their debut in Indian Super League in 89th minute as the come for replacement of Manvir Singh.
International career
In July 2017, Ravi was selected in India U-16 team. They scored a hat-trick in SAFF U-15 Championship against the Maldives. They also scored u19 saff cup final goal history first time india won u19 saff cup.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
AIFF profile
2002 births
Living people
People from Jammu (city)
Footballers from Jammu and Kashmir
Indian footballers
India youth international footballers
Association football defenders
ATK Mohun Bagan FC players
Acanthognathus is a genus of ants that are found in tropical Central and South America. There are 7 living species and 1 extinct species, Acanthognathus poinari, known only from fossil records.
Description
They are reddish in colour and have long trap-jaws that can be compared to those of Odontomachus. These predatory ants live in small colonies that typically consist of less than 30 adults.
Taxonomy
The genus was established by Mayr (1887) to house the species A. ocellatus, described from a single worker found in Brazil.
Mistakenly, the name Acanthognathus was re-used by German ichthyologist G. Duncker in 1912 for a genus of syngnathid fish, but that is invalid as it is a junior homonym. These are now placed in either Dunckerocampus or Doryrhamphus, as the former sometimes is considered a subgenus of the latter. To further confuse, a genus of nemesiid spiders, Acanthogonatus, is frequently misspelled Acanthognathus.
List of species
References
External links
Myrmicinae
Ant genera
Hymenoptera of South America
Hymenoptera of North America
Taxa named by Gustav Mayr
Iambia transversa is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882.
Distribution
It is found in Asia, from India to Japan and in Africa in Nigeria, South Africa and Zimbabwe.
References
Amphipyrinae
Moths of Japan
Fauna of Zimbabwe
Moths of Africa
Vicio Latino is a Eurodance act from Madrid Spain. They started out as a studio act consisting of Miguel Angel Arenas (producer), and Pedro Vidal (also known as a producer as RT-1 (Ivan, Dj Ventura Mr Backer)).
In 1983 they released the single '¿Qué Me Pasa, Qué Me Pasa?' a Euro disco song that included different sections each with a different tempo, all based on synthesizers and electronic drums. It was a minor eurodance hit. The chorus was sung in Spanish by female vocalists, while male vocals were sung in an invented language imitating English language phonetics of the US Funk singers (somewhat like the later hit Asereje by Las Ketchup, or previously Tom Tom Club's "Wordy Rappinghood").
In 1984 they released "¿Sabes qué hora es?", also by the Spanish subsidiary of Epic label, another eurodance song recorded in Doublewtronics studios in Madrid. The 12" Maxi contains "Sabes que hora es?" (12" version), "Horario disco", and "Sabes que hora es (versión casual)". It is sung in Spanish, English and Italian. Flamenco guitarist Raimundo Amador collaborated in this song. The song reproduces a three-section structure as in "¿Qué Me Pasa, Qué Me Pasa?" (a modern version of a three movement suite). One of them is the vocal version of the B side track "Horario Disco".
Discography
"¿Qué Me Pasa, Qué Me Pasa?" (Epic – 1983 )
"¿Sabes Que Hora Es?" (Epic – 1984 )
External links
References
Spanish Eurodance groups
Charles North is a neighborhood in north Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Aagathan () is a 2010 Indian Malayalam-language revenge drama thriller film directed by Kamal and written by Kamal and Kalavoor Ravikumar from a story by Kamal. Starring Dileep, Sathyaraj, Charmy Kaur and Lal. The music for the film was provided by Ouseppachan. In the plot, a mysterious man Gautham arrives at retired Army General Hareendranath Varma's house, but their arrival has a backstory.
Plot
The film begins showing the family of young Gautham Menon moving into Srinagar and their getting used to the Kashmir life. Later a group of terrorists besieges the village and kill Gautham's parents. Gautham's older sister pulls them away from the killers and hides behind woods. A terrorist finds them and a gunshot is heard. Later their sister is seen to be in the hospital in critical stage and the Doctor asks them to pray for them Gautham is shown growing to a teenager and winning accolades from school. They run to the hospital to share the joy with their still hospitalized sister, but sees them dying in the hospital bed.
The story turns to the present where an adult Gautham Menon (Dileep) goes to see the old doctor uncle, Dr. Unnithan (Babu Namboothiri) who was a friend of their late father and their mentor during their childhood. Gautham says their company posted them to India and they can choose their posting between Chennai and Bangalore.
They go to see an old Army officer, Major George Joseph (Lal), who was discharged from their duties for having squabbles with superiors while drunk. They tell Gautham that they had their family killed in an accident resulted from their drunk driving. Gautham reveals themselves to Major as the kid from the past who was compassionately consoled by them after the military operation that killed the terrorists that attacked Gautham's village.
Meanwhile, a journalist comes to visit General Hareendranath Varma (Retd) (Sathyaraj) to publish their biography. The General reluctantly accepts the offer. Later they see their mother trying to call Shreya, daughter of Varma, asking them to stop by while en route to Bangalore, that they could proceed their marriage with an NRI boy. Knowing the intentions of Grandma, Shreya (Charmy Kaur) dodges the calls saying they can hardly hear them while travelling on the bus. The bus hits an old woman. Gautham, sitting next to Shreya, carries the women to bus demanding to take them to hospital. They ask the help of Shreya to carry them to the hospital. The driver takes the bus leaving behind Gautham and Shreya at the hospital. Later the relatives of the victim come to hospital and takes money from Gautham as compensation. Gautham and Shreya leave and have to wait till 10 PM to catch the next Bus to Bangalore, where Shreya has to pay all the expenses.
Shreya finds Gautham gone in the morning, but after repaying them the expenses and a note left behind.  They are picked up by their cousin and cousin's husband Dr. Sudhir Krishna (Biju Menon). Incidentally Gautham also rents the house owned by Sudhir's brother and befriends their family, though they tactfully dodge Shreya every time they see him. Shreya develops a fondness towards Gautham, despite not knowing anything about them including their name. Meanwhile, their Grandma arrives to Bangalore and Sudhir comes up with the proposal of Gautham for Shreya. Grandma likes Gautham upon seeing him. But Shreya, already in love with ‘stranger', does not agree to it. Later ‘stranger' reveals themselves to Shreya as Gautham. Varma invites Gautham to their farmhouse to meet him. Gautham wins everybody's heart with their polite and gentle manner. Later they beat the General in a chess game and gains their admiration. That moment Gautham reveals themselves as a survivor of the terrorist attack foiled by Varma's army which upsets the general.
Gautham speaks to the General in Private and reveals the truth that their sister was cruelly raped by the then commanding officer Varma after killing all the terrorists knocking them unconscious for the rest of their life. Varma asks Major George, who was a silent witness to their cruelty, to report it as a terrorist act thereby hiding the truth. Gautham swears to the General that they will make them reveal the truth to everyone.
Gautham gets close to everyone in the family which annoys Varma who tries everything to get rid of him. Gautham proves to Varma that Shreya is madly in love with him. Varma takes Gautham out for a ride and threatens to kill them by pointing a gun, but Gautham has already texted Shreya to follow them, thereby foiling Varma's attempt. Later Varma almost succeed in killing Gautham by locking them in the wine preserving barrel, but Gautham escapes with the help of Lawrence (Innocent), Varma's servant. They challenge Varma that they will make them reveal the secret in two days, that is at the engagement ceremony.
A large party of the General's ex-colleagues, including Major George, is invited to the function by Gautham using Varma's email id. It is also revealed that the journalist chronicling Varma's biography has also been sent by Gautham to trap him. The media people are also invited. All these were done so that when the secret is revealed, all will come to know easily.
At the function, Varma presents themselves in the Army General's uniform. They reveal the secret to all the invited guests in the guise of a dirty plan by Gautham to blackmail him. Varma also says that if anyone among the guests believes the story, they will shoot himself. But all keeps quiet. Gautham challenges General to shoot them if the story is a scam. Though the General points the gun towards Gautham, they cannot pull themselves to shoot him, thereby silently admitting the crime. Soon all the guests turns against him. Realizing their mistake and out of guilt, they leave the scene and kills themselves after writing down the confession to the President of India and returning all the accolades and awards they received during their service.
The film ends with Shreya sitting in an airport receiving a letter passed on to them They read it to find it from Gautham asking if they still have feelings for him. They see them sitting a bit far away smiling at them
Cast
Dileep as Gautham Menon
Sathyaraj as General Hareendranath Varma (Retd) (Voice dubbed by Sai Kumar)
Charmy Kaur as Shreya
Lal as Major George Joseph (Retd)
Biju Menon as Dr. Sudhir Krishna
Innocent as Lawrence
Zarina Wahab as Malathi Varma
Valsala Menon as Shreya's Grandmother
Rony David as Journalist Akbar Ali
Shafna as Gautham's Sister
Anand as Gautham's Father
Archana Menon as Gautham's Mother
Majeed as Rakhi's and Deepthi's Father
Ambika Mohan as Rakhi's and Deepthi's Mother
Babu Namboothiri as Dr. Unnithan
Shilpa Bala as Deepthi
Reena Basheer as Rakhi
Production
Dileep signed in to play the male lead while Tamil actor Sathyaraj signed in to play the antagonist marking their Malayalam debut. Vidya Balan was considered to play the female lead even though they were interested in the character couldn't take up due to prior commitments. Later Mamta Mohandas signed in to play the role but opted out citing health issues. Finally Telugu actor Charmy Kaur replaced the latter marking them come back to Malayalam industry after a hiatus of 8 years.
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack, composed by Ouseppachan and lyrics penned by Kaithapram, was met with positive reviews. Shreya Ghoshal, who performed one of the tracks, won the Best Female Playback Singer Award at the 13th Asianet Film Awards. They also won the Kerala Film Critics Award for Best Female Playback Singer.
Reception
The film received mixed reviews from both critics and audience. Veeyen of Nowrunning.com commented "Aagathan has an 'I know what's round the corner' quality all over it despite a stunning backdrop and an unusually subtle soundtrack. It's a psychodrama gone wrong, precisely because the denouement that it hopes to cash on is a bit too obvious, and comes at the wrong instant". The film was acclaimed well by the audience by the choreography done in the film.
Box office
The film had a hard competition with Chattambinadu, Ividam Swargamanu, Happy Husbands, Drona 2010 and Dileep's other film Bodyguard. The film was declared average success at box office.
References
External links
Aagathan at Oneindia.in
2010 films
Indian thriller drama films
Films scored by Ouseppachan
2010s Malayalam-language films
Films shot in Tamil Nadu
Films shot in Bangalore
Films shot in Ladakh
Indian Army in films
Films directed by Kamal (director)
