East River High School is a high school located in east Orange County, Florida, United States. It is located in the Bithlo area. East River High School was built in 2009 as a relief school to reduce overcrowding in nearby high schools Timber Creek High School and University High School. It is part of the Orange County Public Schools and serves grades 9-12.
References
External links
East River High School website
High schools in Orange County, Florida
Public high schools in Florida
Orange County Public Schools
Educational institutions established in 2009
2009 establishments in Florida
Neethi () is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by A. B. Raj and produced by Prem Nawas. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Adoor Bhasi in lead roles.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Adoor Bhasi
Nellikode Bhaskaran
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Vadla Ramapuram is a small village in the mandal of Atmakur, Kurnool district in Andhra Pradesh state of India.
Etymology
"Vadla" in its name derives from the fact that it is famous for paddy in that region.
References
Villages in Kurnool district
Aurin Squire is an African-American playwright, screenwriter, and reporter. They have written numerous plays, while their reporting has appeared in The New Republic, Talking Points Memo, Chicago Tribune, Miami Herald, and ESPN, among other outlets.
Early life and education
Born and raised in Opa-locka, Florida, Squire graduated from The Juilliard School, New School University, and Northwestern University, where they majored in radio/TV/film and worked as a professional journalist for the Chicago Tribune and the Miami Herald. In their senior year, Shadows in the Light, an epic play about Cuban immigrants in Miami, was produced by the ETA Theatre in Chicago. At Juilliard they were in the school's playwriting fellowship while working for The New Republic and Talking Points Memo as a journalist.
Playwriting
Many of Squire's plays revolve around multiracial societies in transition or America's changing cultural make-up. Their work reflects the Latino, African, Caribbean, African-American, and Jewish cultures they grew up around in South Florida.
Squire was a part of the Lincoln Center Lab and their comedy "The Great Black Sambo Machine" was presented there and at Ars Nova the following year.
In 2007, Squire spent a year in Albuquerque, New Mexico, working with artists Leigh Fondakowski and Krista DeNio on a docudrama about Converso and Crypto-Jewish families who fled the Spanish Inquisition and settled in Arizona and New Mexico. Squire was commissioned to interview surviving Crypto- and Converso-Jewish residents, research, and collaborate to create what became A Light In My Soul/Una Luz En Mi Alma. The epic docudrama was performed by Working Classroom Theatre the following year at the National Hispanic Cultural Center in Albuquerque, and received additional performances around New Mexico.
Squire's off-Broadway plays, such as Matthew Takes Mannahatta and To Whom It May Concern, have been produced around New York and the United States. Their plays have also been produced at off-Broadway and regional venues including Brooklyn Arts Exchange, Ars Nova, Vital Theatre, ArcLight Theatre, Cherry Lane, and Barrington Stage Company.
Their play "Obama-ology" was developed at The Juilliard School in 2014 New Play Festival, before opening to critical acclaim in London's West-End at the Finborough Theatre , and then the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) .
"Freefalling" premiered at Barrington Stage before receiving a second run at InspiraTO Theatre in Toronto.
Squire graduated from The Juilliard School in May 2015.
Their play, Fire Season, world premiered at the Seattle Public Theater in January 2019.
Squire was a co-writer for "Confessions of a Cocaine Cowboy", a world-premiere documentary theatre piece based on Billy Corben's Cocaine Cowboys documentaries. The play was commissioned by Miami New Drama, an award-winning South Florida theater company, and ran at the Colony Theatre from March 7 - April 7 of 2019.
Squire was the book writer for "A Wonderful World", a world-premiere musical based on the life of Louis Armstrong, and told from the perspective of the musician's four wives. It was part of Miami New Drama's 2019–2020 season at the Colony Theatre, but as of July 2020, the musical was postponed. It has since reopened with a run from December 4, 2021 through January 16, 2022.
Multimedia Projects
In recent years Squire's work has expanded into other media, including online video. They have written and produced a viral video series for the gay social and dating app Mister. The series includes "Evil Twink" and "Boyfriend Shopping," satirizing the unrealistic and juvenile expectations of the gay dating scene.
The following year Squire was hired by installation art company Local Project and wrote the script Dreams of Freedom for the National Museum of American Jewish History in Philadelphia. Dreams is an interactive multimedia piece based on interviews of Jewish immigrants coming to America.
In October 2012, Squire ran the Vote It Forwards Festival, promoting a competition that awarded $500–$1000 in prizes to the best voting-related videos.
They have also ghostwritten novels and memoirs and been published in online cultural journals such as Racialicious.
Television/Film
Aurin Squire was a staff writer on the CBS political satire BrainDead that premiered over the summer of 2016. They were a story editor and writer on the first season of the hit NBC drama This Is Us, and is a Co Executive Producer on the CBS dramas The Good Fight and Evil (TV series).
 They are currently writing a feature film based on the life of Reginald Dwayne Betts for Amazon, Ridley Scott's Scott Free, and Epic.
Prior to TV writing, they were hired to ghostwrite and adapt novels into screenplays for New York indie film companies like Moxie Pictures.
Acclaim
Many of Squire's plays have received enthusiastic reviews and revivals, among them To Whom it May Concern, which ran off-Broadway in 2009, Match Me, produced by the New York International Fringe Festival in 2005. Their writing has been called "a true gem that deserves to be set apart from the rest" by The Drama Review, "brilliant" and "thoroughly entertaining" by Show Business Weekly, and "engaging and provocative" by critic Martin Denton.
Their dark comedy To Whom It May Concern premiered at the Abingdon Theatre and won the Fresh Fruit Festival awards for best play and best playwright. To Whom It May Concern was also produced off-Broadway in 2009 at the Arclight Theatre with a cast including: Israel Gutierrez, Matthew Alford, Nicholas Reilly, and Carmelo Ferro.
In 2009, Squire wrote the book for the children's musical Matthew Takes Mannahatta, called "refreshingly clever" and a "cheerful tribute to our multiracial, multicultural America" by The New York Times.
Squire has won several awards for their docudramas on Jewish issues, including Spanish Jewish families who fled the Inquisition and European Jewish immigrants who came to America. Dreams of Freedom won a Core 77 Design Award, NMAJ's Communication Award, and an AIGA Design Effectiveness Award.
In 2013, Freefalling won the Fiat Lux Play Award from the Catholic Church. Squire is also a recipient of the Lila Acheson Wallace American Playwright Fellowship at The Juilliard School, and the two-time winner of the Le Comte du Nuoy Prize from Lincoln Center.
In 2014 their work garnered first prize at InspiraTO Theatre's International Play Festival in Toronto and Lincoln Center's Act One Prize.
In 2015 Squire was a Dramatists Guild of America playwriting fellow , an artist in residence at the Brooklyn Arts Exchange , and received a playwriting fellowship at National Black Theatre . He's also in the US Writers' Residency at Royal Court Theatre in London.
Their play "Obama-ology" received rave reviews when it premiered at Finborough Theatre in London, before being remounted at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in 2015. They returned to Finborough Theatre the following year with another sold-out hit with their dark comedy "Don't Smoke in Bed."
In 2016, Squire won the Helen Merrill Award for Emerging Playwrights. In 2017, they were nominated for a WGA Award and Black Reel TV award for their writing on THIS IS US. In theatre, they won the Emerald Prize "" from Seattle Public Theatre for new works in American theatre.
In 2018, Squire's play "Running on Fire," was produced at Lee Street Theatre in North Carolina. "Defacing Michael Jackson" and "Don't Smoke in Bed" were produced in Chicago to critical acclaim. The following year, Squire's "Fire Season" world premiered at Seattle Public Theatre in 2019. Squire also co-wrote "Confessions of a Cocaine Cowboy" which world-premiered at Miami New Drama a few months later to sold-out crowds and became the highest grossing play in the theatre's history.
Published Plays
- Obama-ology (2015)
- Don't Smoke in Bed (2017)
- To Whom It May Concern (2018)
- Defacing Michael Jackson (2019)
- Defacing Michael jackson (short play)
- Freefalling
External links
Six Perfections-Aurin Squire's Blog
References
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
African-American dramatists and playwrights
American male screenwriters
Living people
Northwestern University alumni
1979 births
American male dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American male writers
Screenwriters from New York (state)
21st-century American screenwriters
African-American screenwriters
21st-century African-American writers
20th-century African-American people
African-American male writers
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Noa Pothoven (8 December 2001 – 2 June 2019) was a Dutch mental health activist and author. Them death at the age of 17 sparked global controversy due to public statements they made about their wish to die, their activism concerning youth mental health care, and foreign media reports that incorrectly attributed their eventual death to active euthanasia. Many foreign news outlets wrongfully stated Pothoven was euthanised under the Dutch 2001 Termination of Life on Request and Assisted Suicide (Review Procedures) Act.
Life and activism
Noa Pothoven was born in 2001 in Arnhem and had two younger siblings. Them autobiography, Winnen of Leren (English: 'Winning or Learning'), which was published when they were 16 years old and criticised youth mental health care in their country, won a prize for non-fiction and made them well-known.
In December 2018, De Gelderlander published an interview with Pothoven and their family about their autobiography and Pothoven's wish to have euthanasia. In the interview, Pothoven spoke of their battle with PTSD as a result of rape, their anorexia and self-harm, them having to wait over-long for treatment, and their disappointment about being refused euthanasia after 20 hospitalisations due to several suicide attempts. They requested assisted suicide at a clinic in the Hague without their parents' knowledge and was refused based on their age. In their book, they wrote that they had been sexually assaulted at a school party when they were 11 and again a year later at a teenagers' party. When they were 14, they wrote, they were raped by two men in Arnhem's Elderveld district. They were too ashamed to tell their family about the rapes; they learned about them after discovering farewell letters they had written, and they were never able to bring themselves to make a police report.
In March 2019, Pothoven told the Dutch edition of Vice that they wrote their autobiography during their hospitalisations (during some of which they were in civil commitment). They said that they "spent two to three months in the isolation cell every evening, night and morning", being forced to wear a paper dress so they would not be able to hang themselves with it, and under constant camera surveillance. Pothoven said that their autobiography started out as a diary and that they eventually published it to break social stigma surrounding mental health. Prior to their death, Pothoven's book led to questions from politician Lisa Westerveld in the Dutch House of Representatives about psychiatric youthcare. Pothoven said of their own civil commitment and being forced to go to court because of it: "[I]f you are in danger of being admitted, the juvenile court will decide on that. As a young person you also have a lawyer who represents your interests. The sessions in the courtroom made a huge impression on me. I sat there as if I were a criminal, while I have never stolen a candy. As far as I am concerned, depressed youngsters should not go to court."
In April 2019, a month before they died, Pothoven wrote a guest article and poem for the website of vocational university Hogeschool Leiden to bring attention to youth mental health care. Pothoven wrote they suffered from complex post-traumatic stress disorder, anorexia, depression, obsessive–compulsive disorder, a personality disorder, self-harm and psychosis, but that PTSD as a result of sexual violence was "the real problem". They wrote that their therapies had been mainly focused on symptomatic treatment, for example their anorexia, depression and self-harm, but not on the underlying problem, their PTSD. They pleaded for better psychiatric help for youth and stated that the waiting lists for treatment programs were "bizarre" and should be reduced.
Death and media reactions
In May 2019, Pothoven stopped eating and drinking. They had previously been put into an induced coma in 2018 so doctors could feed them through a feeding tube, but Pothoven's family decided to respect their decision in 2019, and provide only palliative care. On 30 May 2019 Pothoven made a final Instagram post in which they said: "After years of battling and fighting, I am drained. I have quit eating and drinking for a while now, and after many discussions and evaluations, it was decided to let me go because my suffering is unbearable." On 2 June 2019 Pothoven's sister confirmed their death at the age of 17. Pothoven spent their last days in a hospital bed in their family's living room while saying goodbye to their friends and family.
Many news outlets outside the Netherlands initially reported their death as an assisted suicide under the Dutch euthanasia law. Some reported that they were given a lethal injection. Reactions condemning assisted suicide included a tweet by Pope Francis.
Reporters from several countries sought out Pothoven's family days after their death. The family responded in the Dutch media about their regrets that it has been suggested in foreign media that their daughter died from active euthanasia and said they "hope that their story serves a higher purpose and that help provided to vulnerable young people with psychological problems in the Netherlands will be improved. Noa pleaded for an institution where young people like themselves can go for both the psychological and physical help they need." Some media published corrections to their initial accounts.
Publications
Winnen of Leren (2018)
See also
References
2001 births
2019 suicides
2019 in women's history
People from Arnhem
Mental health activists
Place of death missing
2019 deaths
Suicides by starvation
Suicides in the Netherlands
Dutch children
Crețulescu or Kretzulescu may refer to:
Romanian surname
Constantin A. Crețulescu (1809–1884), academic and politician
Catherine Caradja (née Ecaterina Olimpia Crețulescu; 1893–1993), aristocrat and philanthropist
Emanuel Crețulescu (born 1992), football player
Ilie Crețulescu (1892–1971), army officer
Nicolae Crețulescu (1812–1900), politician and physician
Other uses
Crețulescu Palace, a palace in Bucharest
Kretzulescu Church, a Romanian Orthodox church in Bucharest
Romanian-language surnames
"Moonlight Becomes You" is a popular song composed by Jimmy Van Heusen with lyrics by Johnny Burke. The song was written for the Paramount Pictures release Road to Morocco (1942) and published in 1942 in connection with the film. Vic Schoen (staff arranger for Paramount) wrote the arrangement.
The song has been recorded many times, becoming a standard, but the recording by Bing Crosby on June 12, 1942 is the best known. This topped the Billboard charts in 1942 and spent a total of 17 weeks in the lists.
Other Recordings
Chet Baker covered the tune in their album My Funny Valentine (1980).
Dick Haymes - included in their 1956 album Moondreams.
Ella Fitzgerald - Verve release Get Happy! (1959), with Herb Ellis on guitar and Lou Levy on piano
Engelbert Humperdinck on their album The Very Thought of You (1995).
Frank Sinatra recorded the song for their Moonlight Sinatra album (1966).
Nora Aunor Them winning song in 1967 Tawag ng Tanghalan Championship.
Glenn Miller Orchestra - their 1942 recording reached No. 5 in the Billboard charts the same year.
Bobby Hackett - 1965 album of the same name
Harry James and Their Orchestra - their recording reached No. 15 in the Billboard charts in 1942. .
The Hi-Lo's - included in the 1957 album Ring Around Rosie
Jack Jones - included in their 1961 album Lollipops and Roses.
Jerry Vale - included in their 1959 album The Same Old Moon.
Johnny Mathis - included in their 1959 album Heavenly.
Mel Tormé - in their 1994 album A Tribute to Bing Crosby.
Michael Holliday - included in the 1962 album To Bing - From Mike.
Val Doonican - included in the 1982 album Val Sings Bing.
Paul Williams Recorded this song for their 1979 album A Little on the Windy Side.
Seth MacFarlane - in their 2017 album In Full Swing
Popular culture
A clip of the song by Julie Morgan was also featured in Star Trek: First Contact, also a Paramount film.
The Glenn Miller Orchestra version of the song. sung by Skip Nelson, is featured in a dance sequence in the New York City immersive theater production Sleep No More.
References
External links
"Moonlight Becomes You" at Jazz Standards
1942 songs
1943 singles
Bing Crosby songs
Dorothy Lamour songs
Pop standards
Songs written for films
Songs with music by Jimmy Van Heusen
Songs with lyrics by Johnny Burke (lyricist)
Mel Tormé songs
Ella Fitzgerald songs
Engelbert Humperdinck songs
Frank Sinatra songs
Glenn Miller songs
Jack Jones (singer) songs
Jerry Vale songs
Johnny Mathis songs
Songs about the Moon
Zosteropoda hirtipes, the V-lined Quaker moth is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1874. It is found from the wet Pacific coast forests of North America east to the Rocky Mountains.
The wingspan is about 27 mm.
The larvae feed on Salix, Alnus, Hypochaeris radicata, Trifolium and Aster.
References
Hadeninae
Moths of North America
George Davison may refer to:
George Davison (photographer) (1854–1930), English photographer
George Davison (merchant) (?–1799), Quebecois business person and political figure
George Davison (footballer) (born 1890), English footballer
George M. Davison (1855–1912), American politician from Kentucky
George Davison (priest) (born 1965) Irish priest, Bishop of Connor
See also
George Davidson (disambiguation)
The Caribou Fire (also known as the Linklater Fire) was a wildfire in the Kootenai National Forest, 21 miles northwest of Eureka, Montana in the United States. The fire, which was first reported on August 11, 2017, was started by a lightning strike and burned a total of , including acres in Canada. The fire threatened the community of West Kootenai, Montana, resulting in a mandatory evacuation of the community. It destroyed 10 homes. The Caribou Fire was one three fires burning in the forest, alongside the Gibralter Fire and Weasel Fire.
Events
August
The Caribou Fire was reported on August 11, 2017, at 10:51 AM, 21 miles northwest of Eureka in the Yaak Area of Kootenai National Forest. It was started by a lightning strike in the upper reaches of Caribou Creek and Robinson Mountain. It was fueled by subalpine fir timber and dead and downed spruce. Crews estimated the fire had burned by August 24, leading fire crews to begin mopping and patrolling for flare ups. The fire resulted in the forest instituting a Stage II Fire Restriction prohibiting fire, campfire and stove fire use of any kind except for those from liquid petroleum or propane. The fire's expansion towards the Canadian border launched coordination between Canadian officials and an aircraft was used to drop fire retardant. As the fire expanded , crews worked to keep the fire south of the Canadian border using air and ground resources to create fire lines.
By August 28, the fire had expanded .25 miles into Canada, with 90% remaining in the U.S. Canadian fire managers launched contingency lines. The Caribou Fire continued to grow northeast, with fire lines passing into the Young J Fire area that burned in 2000. Canadian authorities named the fire burning in Canada the Linklater Fire. Basin Yaak Rd. to Dodge Summit and Caribou Creek Campground were closed.
September
By September 1, the Caribou Fire had grown to . The next day, the fire moved east towards Forest Road 303, threatening 400 structures and prompting mandatory orders for West Kootenai, Montana. Overnight, the fire doubled in size to , expanding four miles northeast, destroying a number of structures. On September 5, property owners who suffered damage or destruction of structures were escorted by the Lincoln County Sheriffs' Department to assess their properties. Protection measures were put in place in the Basin Creek area and pre-evacuation orders were put in place for the West Kootenai area south of Tooley Lake and Basin Creek. Upon further inspection, 10 homes and 30 outbuildings were destroyed in the West Kootenai. Crews used heavy equipment to improve fire lines around West Kootenai and firefighters patrolled homes at night from spot fires.
By September 7, the Caribou Fire was and was 27% contained, with in the U.S. and burned. Evacuation orders were lifted on September 10. Canadian scooper planes brought water to help slow fire growth, dropping 140,800 gallons of water in one day. One firefighter was injured on September 15, sustaining injuries from a snag on their left shoulder and neck. They were released the same day after evaluation at a hospital.
October and November
Restoration and rehabilitation began in late fall, including the felling of hazard trees along roads and the fire perimeter. Over 200 miles of roads were rebuilt or repaired. The fire was declared 100% contained on November 2, 2017. It burned a total of .
See also
Gibralter Fire
Weasel Fire
References
2017 Montana wildfires
Kootenai National Forest
The Hinckley Herald & Journal, best known as The Hinckley Herald and Classified Journal, was a weekly freesheet tabloid newspaper founded in 1985. It served its main target area of Hinckley and Bosworth, as well as the villages of Barwell, Burbage, and Earl Shilton in Leicestershire.
The Hinckley Herald was the town's first weekly freesheet newspaper and was launched as the sister title to the town's more well-known and recognisable title of The Hinckley Times. Both publications were owned by the same parent company of Coventry Newspapers Limited, a division of the Trinity Mirror group.
On 17 June 2007, writers at the Herald decided to go on a 24-hour organised strike and walk-out which was arranged by members of the National Union of Journalists to protest over pay with Coventry's newspaper journalists at their Trinity Mirror-owned titles.
The paper was headquartered on Station Road in Hinckley before the publication's staff members merged with The Hinckley Times staff members in their now-demolished offices which were located on Brunel Road.
The last copy of the Herald & Journal to be printed was in 2011 before it finally ceased publication.
References
Hinckley
Newspapers published in Leicestershire
Publications established in 1985
1985 establishments in England
Defunct newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Reach plc
Ralph Rhein (born January 31, 1965) is a Swiss slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s. They finished 32nd in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Switzerland
Swiss male canoeists
Place of birth missing (living people)
is a train station in the town of Yakage, Oda District, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Martha Nilsson Edelheit (born September 3, 1931, in New York City), also known as Martha Ross Edelheit, is an American-born artist currently living in Sweden.  They are known for their feminist art of the 1960s and 1970s, which focuses on erotic nudes.
Early life
They were born September 3, 1931, in New York City. They always had a knack for creative endeavors, originally having been taught to be a musician. Edelheit's grandparents were immigrants from Romania who kept a kosher home and spoke Yiddish. They lived first in Queens and later at the age of 10 in the Bronx with their parents who were more secular in nature. They attended the High School of Music and Art with Joan Semmel. Edelheit subsequently studied at the University of Chicago from 1949 to 1951, at New York University in 1954 while concurrently studying art with Michael Loew, and at Columbia University in 1955 and 1956, where they studied art history with Meyer Schapiro. In the mid-1950s they married psychoanalyst Henry Edelheit, when they were a medical student at University of Chicago.
Career
Known for their early works of erotic art, Edelheit was an early pioneer in the feminist art movement. Painting nude male subjects as early as the 1960s, Edelheit was a vanguard of the expression revolution that would gain attention in following decades.
Edelheit's career and array of works are diverse and impressive. They work in series in which their styles would change. The first one being their Abstract Works and Extension Paintings of 1958–1961. This is followed by their Children's Game series of 1960–1962. After which they began to focus on watercolors between the years of 1961–1962. They later returned to watercolors after they moved to Sweden in 2015. Them Watercolor series overlapped with their Flesh Wall series between 1960 and 1966 in which, they displayed a wide variety of themes from human bodies to interiors at the Byron Gallery. This art exposition was a culmination of their success and impact, making even seasoned art viewer such as Leo Castelli blush. During 1962, they began to work with tattooed figures in their works, demonstrating the flesh of the figures they depict to the viewer to be where the figures dream and fantasies emerge. Alongside their vast painting portfolio they began to work on body paint sculptures during the 1960s as well. Succeeding this was their Back Paint series between 1972 and 1975. In the year 1975, near the end of Back Paint series they experimented more with Self Portraits. They remarked that the first nude they ever painted with the intent to show anyone else was one of themselves so during this time they likely came back to that sentiment. In 1978 they had a pencil on rag series they titled Flesh and Stone which was complete in Sweden. Between 1980 and 1985 they worked with cutouts which they painted on both sides. This coincided with their Paper Doll Book series of 1984 as well as their Tool Paintings. While in Sweden between 1983 and 1986 they worked with monoprints and oil pastels as well as colored pencils, ink and graphite. In 1988, they worked with bronze sculptures and string as their mediums. Following this they did a series of grief paintings; subsequently in 1991 they released Bateaux des Revés in Central Park. Them following works were all done in Sweden and are largely animal portraits due to the fact that they live on a farm. They did however have their Ice Dancers series of 1998 as well as a series titled USA in 2016 depicting graphic harm done to animals.
Since 1961, Edelheit has participated in numerous group exhibitions, including 11 from the Reuben (1965, Guggenheim Museum), Three Centuries of the American Nude (1975, New York Cultural Center), BLAM! (1984, Whitney Museum of American Art), and Inventing Downtown: Artist-Run Galleries in New York City, 1952-1965 (2017, Grey Gallery, New York University). Throughout the 1970s, as the women's art movement flourished, Edelheit was an active participant in women-only group exhibitions, including Women Choose Women (1973, New York Cultural Center), Works on Paper—Women Artists (1975, Brooklyn Museum), Sons and Others (1975, Queens Museum of Art), and the traveling collaborative feminist installation The Sister Chapel (1978–80).
Womanhero (1977), Edelheit's painting for The Sister Chapel, is a monumental female transmutation of Michelangelo's David, tattooed with images of Nut, Kali, Athena, Diana, and Guanyin to symbolize women's shared power over the course of many centuries.
Edelheit has also done production design for smaller theaters in New York from 1971 to 1974, a number of own experimental art films in the 1970s, demonstrated in a number of contexts in the U.S. and Europe over the years, such as Hats, Bottles & Bones: A Portrait of Sari Dienes (1977) an artist portrait on Sari Dienes, shown including the Museum of Modern Art and is included in collections at the Anthology Film Archives. They have taught in filmmaking 1976 to 1980 and has been invited as artist in residence at Wilson College located in Chambersburg, Philadelphia in 1973, Art Institute of Chicago in 1975, the University of Cincinnati in 1975 and the California Institute of the Arts.
Activism
Martha Edelheit was a member of Fight Censorship (est. 1973), founded by Anita Steckel. Fight Censorship was composed of several women artists whose work focused on eroticism, including Joan Semmel, Judith Bernstein, Hannah Wilke, Juanita McNeely, Barbara Nessim, Eunice Golden, and Joan Glueckman. They lectured and educated the public about erotic art and the negative effects of censorship.
In 1977, Edelheit became an associate of the Women's Institute for Freedom of the Press (WIFP).
Edelheit was a member of Women/Artist/Filmmakers, Inc, the Women's Caucus for Art (WCA) and an associate member of Soho20 Chelsea Gallery.
Them image is included in the iconic 1972 poster Some Living American Women Artists by Mary Beth Edelson.
Sweden
Since 1993 Martha Edelheit has been a resident of Sweden. They live on a farm in Svartsjölandet outside Stockholm after their marriage to their childhood sweetheart Sam Nilsson.
Before moving to Sweden, they painted the human form, drawing on erotic imagery with a mixture of realism and abstraction, but after leaving New York and coming to the Swedish nature-oriented way of life, their work shifted towards animal motifs; something they see as a manifestation of hope to a wounded world.
Theatre sets
The Wonderful Adventures of Tyl, Jonathan Levy] Triangle Theatre, 1971
Message from Garcia + Was I Good?, two-act play by Rosalyn Drexler, New Dramatists Workshop, 1971
The Whore and the Poet, by Sandra Hochman + Break A Leg, by Ira Levin, Urgent Theater, 1974
References
External links
Byron Gallery Records, Archives of American Art (digitized exhibition announcement and installation photographs)
Living people
1931 births
Artists from New York City
University of Chicago alumni
20th-century American women artists
Feminist artists
American emigrants to Sweden
Stefan Niedziałkowski (born 12 March 1945 in Warsaw, Poland) mime artist, author, director, teacher and choreographer.
History
Poland
In 1964, Stefan was invited by director Henryk Tomaszewski to become member of the Tomaszewski's Wrocław Pantomime Theater. Niedziałkowski acted internationally as part of the company until 1975, before moving on to co-found and co-create “The Stage of Mimes” at The Warsaw Chamber Opera.
New York
In 1979, Niedziałkowski left Poland and moved to the United States. Upon arrival in New York City, they founded a new mime company with Alice Winslow. Together, they established a school, The American School of Polish Mime. During this time, they authored and directed many works, including "Beret", "Facets", "Fighting with Death", "Pygmalion", and "Time's Sculptures".
Philadelphia
In 1986, Stefan left New York to join their wife and daughter in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. During this time, they were frequently invited by Marcel Marceau to teach at Marceau's Ecole Internationale de Mimodrame de Paris Marcel Marceau. In 1993, Niedzialkowski co-wrote, with Jonathan Winslow, a book on the art of mime titled, "Beyond the Word — The World of Mime." Marcel Marceau wrote the foreword to the book, concluding "...Stefan has opened the door with utmost sincerity and integrity, and their contribution is beyond words."
Poland
In 1993, Niedziałkowski returned to Warsaw, Poland. In 1994, they took the position of artistic director of the Warsaw Pantomime Theater at the State Jewish Theater in Warsaw. Simultaneously, Niedziałkowski founded The Mimes Studio (Studio Mimow) at the Warsaw theater, Teatr Na Woli. From 2000 to 2002 and in 2004 Niedziałkowski was the author and artistic director of The International Mime Art Festival at the Teatr Na Woli theater. In 2005, Stefan Niedziałkowski's Mimes Studio moved to its current location at the Mazovia Region Centre of Culture and Arts in Warsaw.
A celebration commemorating the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Wrocław Pantomime Theatre by Tomaszewski was held in 2006. As a part of the celebration, Stefan Niedziałkowski created, directed, and choreographed their mime drama, “Dusioł” (Soul), for the Wrocław Pantomime Theatre company. Niedziakowski played the title role as a guest artist at the premiere in December 2006 on the Scena Kameralna of the Polish National Opera in Warsaw.
Today
In 2007, the film “Actor of Silence” was created by Tomasz Tarnawski, centering on Stefan Niedzialkowski's life and works. It also features performances from students of the Mimes Studio under Niedziałkowski's direction.
References
Niedzialkowski, Stefan and Winslow, Jonathan, Beyond the Word — the World of Mime, (Michigan: Momentum Books, Ltd., 1993).
Kucharski, Krzysztof, Wroclaw Mime Theatre: 50 years, (Warsaw: Annex. 2007).
External links
Mazovia Region Center of Culture Official information on The Mimes Studio, including classes
Studio Mimow Polish/English site for Mimes Studio.
Wroclaw Mime Theater In Polish, pictures of Dusiol performance.
The World of Mime Theatre
Polish male stage actors
1945 births
Living people
Orcinol is an organic compound with the formula CH3C6H3(OH)2. It occurs in many species of lichens including Roccella tinctoria and Lecanora. Orcinol has been detected in the "toxic glue" of the ant species Camponotus saundersi. It is a colorless solid. It is related to resorcinol, 1,3-C6H4(OH)2.
Synthesis and reactions
Orcinol was first prepared by dehydroacetic acid, a conversion that involved ring-opening of the pyrone to a triketone. This early experiment helped establish the rich condensation chemistry of polyketides.
It can be obtained by fusing extract of aloes with potash, followed by acidification.
It undergoes O-methylation with dimethylsulfate.
It is used in the production of the dye orcein and as a reagent in some chemical tests for pentoses, such as Bial's Test. It may be synthesized from toluene; more interesting is its production when acetone dicarboxylic ester is condensed with the aid of sodium. It crystallizes in colorless prisms with one molecule of water, which redden on exposure to air. Ferric chloride gives a bluish-violet coloration with the aqueous solution. Unlike resorcinol it does not give a fluorescein with phthalic anhydride. Oxidation of the ammoniacal solution gives orcein, C28H24N2O7, the chief constituent of the natural dye archil. 4-Methylcatechol is an isomer, found as its methyl ether (creosol) in beech-wood tar.
Production from shale oil
Orcinol is also found in shale oil produced from Kukersite oil shale. It is the main water-soluble phenol in the oil, and has been extracted and refined industrially by Viru Keemia Grupp.
See also
Orcinol 2-monooxygenase
Orsellinate decarboxylase
References
Alkylresorcinols
The Polish Underground and the Jews, 1939–1945 is a book by American historian Joshua D. Zimmerman, published in 2015 by Cambridge University Press, discussing relations between Poland's Jewish population and the Polish resistance in World War II. Zimmerman argues that polarized narratives, one picturing the Polish underground as anti-Semitic and murderous toward Jews and the other hand as heroically rescuing them, are oversimplified; in fact, different segments and members of the Home Army behaved in diverse ways. The book has received mostly-positive reviews for its evenhanded treatment of a contentious subject matter.
Contents
Researching the book took Joshua Zimmerman nine years. They lived for a year in Poland, interviewed witnesses (Jewish survivors as well as Home Army members), and examined archives in the United Kingdom and Israel. Zimmerman states that their intent was to present evidence without offering a verdict.
The book falls into two parts. The first and shorter part covers prewar background, the initial German and Soviet occupations of Poland, and the early Polish resistance until 1941. The second part covers the remainder of the war, which saw the Polish resistance grow in strength, as well as the main stages of the Holocaust in Poland. The book has separate chapters on Polish rescue of Jews and on incidents of the killing of Jews by the Polish resistance.
Reception
Antony Polonsky, writing in 2015 in Yad Vashem Studies, praised the book as a "fair and dispassionate study" that seeks to "reach a conclusion on the actual behavior of the AK [Home Army]". Marisa Fox-Bevilacqua, reviewing the book that year for Haaretz, concluded by citing the Polish journalist Konstanty Gebert, who hoped the book would be translated into Polish and wrote, "The merit of the book is to show how complex the attitudes of the underground towards Jews were."
Wojtek Rappak, reviewing the book in 2016 for the Israel Journal of Foreign Affairs, called the book important and excellent and observed that Zimmerman's goal was "to challenge what they take to be a long-established and overwhelmingly negative view of the Polish Underground, especially among 'professional Jewish historians'", while also challenging Polish historiography which presents the Underground as a "heroic and noble resistance movement," with no tolerance allowed for criticism of the Underground.
Michael Meng, in 2016 in The American Historical Review, wrote that the book tackles a "difficult and sensitive topic" and that the author "made a significant contribution to the historiography of Polish-Jewish relations."
That same year, Michael Berenbaum, in a review for Holocaust and Genocide Studies, wrote that the book is "timely... useful... and... good". They noted that it will upset both "Polish apologist historians" and Jewish historians "who seek simple answers". They also cautioned against selective reading of the book, as it has separate sections on rescue of Jews by the Poles and on Polish collaboration during World War II.
Eva Plach, reviewing the book for the Slavic Review, also in 2016, wrote that it is "a book richly deserving of praise" and commented that Zimmerman's account discussed both examples of how, on occasion, some elements of the Polish Underground killed Jews and examples of how other elements provided aid to Jews, which "reminds us... why we cannot treat the Polish Underground as a homogeneous entity."
A 2016 review by Dariusz Libionka in the Polish-language Zagłada Żydów. Studia i Materiały (Holocaust Studies and Materials) journal was more critical. Libionka noted that Zimmerman's literature review on the subject matter was lacking, particularly for engaging with the extensive body of Polish literature on the subject and using content from Polish archives. They concluded that the book is disappointing for experts but may be valuable for newcomers to the field, particularly those who cannot read Polish, as the subject matter discussed in the book had been inadequately discussed in English literature. The review provoked an exchange of letters in that journal between Zimmerman and Libionka.
According to Andrzej Żbikowski, Zimmerman is less critical of the Polish underground than the Polish historian Adam Puławski, who has written multiple books on the same subject. For example, while Zimmerman praises the bulletin published by the Home Army, Puławski argues that the bulletin was of little importance at the time. In addition, according to Żbikowski, Zimmerman's book is written with a foreign reader in mind and therefore spends considerable space on background information. They also state that sometimes Zimmerman goes too far in attempting to avoid offending supporters of the Polish Underground State.
Theodore R. Weeks, writing in 2018 in The Polish Review, called the book "a remarkably fair, objective and scholarly monograph" in a controversial topic area. Jadwiga Biskupska, writing the same year in H-Net, called the book "essential reading for modern Polish history and the Holocaust" and observed that it should be seen as a valuable contribution not only to those topics but also the literature on World War II resistance movements, particularly on Poland's Home Army.
Robert Blobaum wrote in their review that Zimmerman does not make enough of an effort to answer the questions they raise:
References
External links
Library Book Talk: The Polish Underground and the Jews, 1939–1945. Video lecture by Joshua D. Zimmerman about their book. Yeshiva University Libraries
2015 non-fiction books
Books about Jewish Polish history
Books about military history
Cambridge University Press books
The first 20 years of video game developing in Sweden was mostly done by separate individuals. Developing costs increased and industry structure became more complex over time. Mapping the business of Swedish game developing history has been relatively problematic because individuals were spread all over the country working with different platforms in PDP, C64, VIC-20, Amiga and PC. Home computers became the focus for the creativity among often self learned youths who got access during the 1980s.
In 2018, the Swedish games industry generated €1.8 billion and it employed almost 8,000 people.
For 2017, there were 4.2 million gamers in Sweden who spent $411.7 million.
1980-1989
After 20 years game development shifted towards project groups of game developers.
The graphical home computer VIC-20 was released in 1980. The home computer Commodore 64 was released 1983. The game Space Action (1983) was developed by Arne Fernlund and published by Handic Software.
List of Swedish video game companies
References
See also
List of video game companies of Sweden (Check this for possible extra details of relevant companies & their pages)
Leontopodium discolor, known as Ezo-usuyuki-sō or Rebun-usuyuki-sō in Japan, is a species of flowering plant native to alpine areas of Hokkaidō.
Description
Leontopodium discolor is a perennial with white flowers that grows 15–30 cm in height. It is a hermaphrodite.
Status on Japanese red list
The plant is in the endangered category on the red list of threatened plants of Japan.
Ecology
Leontopodium discolor is found in alpine environments in moist stony soils and scree. Insects pollinate its flowers. The flowers bloom from July to September.
Cultivation
Leontopodium discolor requires full sun. The soil must be moist, well-drained, and gritty. The soil can be alkaline or circumneutral as long as it is not too fertile. The plant is hardy to zone 6. In places with wet winters, it is susceptible to root rot and should be protected with a collar of grit and sheltered from the prevailing winds.
Uses
The young leaves can be eaten when cooked. Plants For A Future assigns an edibility rating of 1.
References
External links
discolor
Endemic flora of Japan
Alpine flora
Endangered plants
Plants described in 1909
The Tralee and Dingle Light Railway and Tramway was a , narrow gauge railway running between Tralee and Dingle, with a branch from Castlegregory Junction to Castlegregory, in County Kerry on the west coast of Ireland. It operated between 1891 and 1953; the Castlegregory branch closed shortly prior to the outbreak of the Second World War. It was one of the most westerly railway lines in Europe, but the terminus of the Valentia Harbour branch at 10.277785° was further west.
Early years
The railway was built as cheaply as possible, largely following adjacent roads, resulting in some very tight curves and severe gradients. The railway opened on 31 March 1891, but from the start income failed to cover operating expenses. In March 1893, the Board of Trade held an inquiry into poor management and operating practices on the railway; nevertheless a fatal accident (involving a runaway train) took place at Curraduff in May of the same year. The railway continued to require public subsidies from local ratepayers; these were able to be reduced in 1898 after a grant from the Treasury (although the line continued to require subsidies throughout its existence). In 1907, a further grant of £23,000 (just over €2 million at 2007/8 values) was made to allow the scene of the accident at Curraduff to be bypassed, and other improvements made.
Conflict
Operations on the railway were severely disrupted between 1921 and 1923. The line was closed in 1921 on the orders of the British Army (during the struggle for independence prior to the creation of the Irish Free State). Services were also suspended at times (and infrastructure damaged) during the Irish Civil War of 1922–23. The railway was taken over by the Great Southern Railways on Thursday 1 January 1925; a train had a collision with a car on a level crossing on the first day of GSR ownership.
Operations
The line was 31 miles long, broken into approximately 10-mile sections at Castlegregory Junction and Annascaul, where the locomotives would take water if required, and where trains could pass each other.
In 1910, at the peak of the line's usage, there were two return passenger trains, morning and evening, which on market days, Tuesday and Saturday, made a third midday trip. The trains passed one another at Castlegregory Junction, apart from the morning trips which passed at Annascaul. The journey time was two hours and 30 minutes.
The Castlegregory branch train met every train at the junction for the six-mile branch. On Saturday afternoons it ran an extra trip through to Tralee and back.
On Sundays, only the morning trip from Tralee and the afternoon return from Dingle operated, plus two connecting round trips from Castlegregory.
By 1922 there were just the morning and afternoon return trips on the main line, which passed at Castlegregory Junction, and two round trips on the branch to connect. Journey times were still the same. Sunday services had ceased.
By 1938 there were still two round trips daily on the main line, still taking the same time, but the times were altered so that in the morning a Tralee-based train ran out to Dingle and back, while in the afternoon a Tralee-based train did the round trip. The Castlegregory branch train ran through to Tralee and back in the morning, as there were no convenient main line trains connecting with, but in the afternoon made a shuttle to the junction as before.
Despite the rundown in the line's usage over time, all the timetables required three locomotives to operate the passenger services each day. In addition there were freight services, normally a round trip each day with general freight, plus extra services on market days to move cattle between Tralee and Dingle, which were the last trains to use the line. The cattle trains to the end were of sufficient size to require two locomotives.
Later years
The road between Tralee and Dingle was improved in the 1930s, allowing buses and lorries to effectively compete with the railway. The infrastructure of the railway becoming increasingly dilapidated and, in parts, unsafe. The passenger train service was timetabled to run from Dingle to Tralee in 155 minutes (for a journey of little over 31 miles), whilst the competing bus service took 105 minutes.
On Monday 17 April 1939, all passenger services were withdrawn; the Castlegregory branch was closed completely. A single daily goods train continued to run until 1947, when coal shortages forced its temporary withdrawal. Thereafter, a special train (for cattle) was operated once per month in connection with the fair at Dingle. These trains finally ended in June 1953.
An extraordinary event occurred at Dingle station on Thursday 13 June 1940, after the line's closure to passengers. A German spy named Walter Simon arrived at the station and asked when the next train would depart (not realising that only freight services were still operating). Simon had been landed by a German submarine, U-38, during the previous night. They then made their way by bus to Tralee and thence by train to Dublin. Following their enquiry at Dingle station, the Garda Síochána were informed and they were trailed by detectives. They were arrested on arrival in Dublin and interned for the duration of the War (known in neutral Ireland as "The Emergency").
Restoration
A 3 km (1.8 mi) section was reopened as a preserved line in 1993 between the Aquadome in Tralee and Blennerville Windmill. As of 2013, the railway was no longer in operation.
Extract from the appeal page from Ted Polet, webmaster of the 009 Society Dutch Group
Early in 2009, on this page an appeal was published to the Tralee Urban District Council, the owners of the railway, to take steps to safeguard this heritage locomotive. In May, 2009, a representative of the Tralee UDC informed me that the agreement with the previous (private) operator of the railway was terminated. The parts of the locomotive were put under cover and during the summer a diesel locomotive was put into service hauling a single carriage between Tralee (Aquadome terminus) and Blennerville. All this was confirmed by repeated reports by Holger Lorenz on their Tralee Blog.
Although restoring 5T to working order may be far away, at least it will not rot to pieces as it would have, had the boiler, tanks and cab been left out in the open. Another good development is services being restored, even if diesel-hauled. This way the railway will at least have a chance to keep going.
See also
History of rail transport in Ireland
List of narrow-gauge railways in Ireland
TDLR locomotives
TDLR 1 to 3, 6, and 8
TDLR 5
TDLR 7 and 8
Other narrow gauge railways in South West Ireland
Cork, Blackrock and Passage Railway
Cork and Muskerry Light Railway
Listowel and Ballybunion Railway (Lartigue Monorail)
Schull and Skibbereen Railway
West Clare Railway
References
General references
The Dingle Train, David Rowlands, Walter McGrath, Tom Francis, Plateway Press, 1996,
The Tralee & Dingle Railway, David G Rowlands, Bradford Barton, 1973
The Irish Narrow Gauge (Vol. 1), T Ferris, Midland Publishing Ltd, 1993,
Running Out of Steam in Tralee, Phoenix Magazine 20 No. 14, 19 July 2002
Transport Preservation in Ireland 2005 and 2007, ed. David McGlynn Parks, Chicken Rock Publishing
Locomotives & Rolling Stock of CIE & NIR, The Irish Traction Group, 1997
External links
Holger Lorenz's Tralee Blog
Light Railway
Defunct railway companies of Ireland
Dingle
Heritage railways in the Republic of Ireland
3 ft gauge railways in Ireland
Transport in County Kerry
The Random Hills () are a group of rugged hills in Victoria Land, Antarctica. Bounded on the west by Campbell Glacier and on the east by Tinker Glacier and Wood Bay, centered about 15 nautical miles (28 km) north-northwest of Mount Melbourne, they were named by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1966–67, because of the random orientation of the ridges which comprise the feature.
The Random Hills are part of the Melbourne Volcanic Province of the McMurdo Volcanic Group. K–Ar or Rb–Sr dating has given ages of 12.63 ± 0.17 million years and 12.43 ± 0.16 million years for Random Hills hawaiite.
Features
Clausnitzer Glacier
Mount McGee
Harrow Peaks
References
Hills of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Volcanoes of Victoria Land
Miocene volcanoes
Alexandra College () is a fee-charging boarding and day school for girls located in Milltown, Dublin, Ireland. The school operates under a Church of Ireland ethos.
History
The school was founded in 1866 and takes its name from Princess Alexandra of Denmark, the school's patron. The school colours, red and white, were adopted from the Danish flag in their honour. Alexandra College was founded by Ann Jellicoe, a Quaker educationist, in the name of furthering women's education. Under Ann Jellicoe, and then later Henrietta White, the school grew from a small establishment focused on providing a governess-style education to Irish Protestant ladies into a pioneering force for women's rights and education, providing an education to women equivalent to that available in boys' schools, with a grounding in mathematics, history, classics and philosophy. As Alexandra settled into its role, Ann Jellicoe was convinced that a major obstacle to the liberal education of women was their exclusion from the university campus. They passionately believed that until women were admitted to Trinity College Dublin (founded in 1592), the voice of women would not commonly be heard in politics, literature or in academic debate.
The Royal University of Ireland Act 1879 allowed females to take university degrees on the same basis as males. Students were prepared for the examinations (including degree examinations) of the Royal University. Susan Parkes, co-author of Gladly Learn and Gladly Teach, a history of Alexandra College (1866-1966), is quoted as saying: "In the late 1800s, lecturers from Trinity College Dublin provided tuition for ladies on the Alexandra campus. And the first women to receive degrees in Ireland or Britain were Alex pupils — six of them successfully studied at Dublin's Royal University from 1891 and at Trinity College Dublin, once it opened its doors to women in 1903."
The school was originally situated in the historic Earlsfort Terrace, across from what is now the National Concert Hall. By 1879, a new hall and theatre were constructed alongside. Over time, the school acquired several more houses and by 1889 a new building by William Kaye-Parry was constructed next door to the college as Alexandra School. The school moved out to its sports grounds in the 1970s in order to accommodate more students. The original buildings were subsequently demolished and the site remained vacant for over two decades. The Conrad Hotel and office buildings were later erected on the site.
Patrick Pearse, the leader of the Easter Rising, was once employed as an Irish language teacher.
Religion
Alexandra College is under Church of Ireland management, and the Archbishop of Dublin (who presides over the United Dioceses of Dublin and Glendalough) currently acts as chairperson of the school council. The students are addressed weekly by a female minister, and a school assembly is held daily at which Church of Ireland hymns are sung and which finish with the extended version of The Lord's Prayer.
Junior School
The junior school is completely self-funded and receives no subvention from the Department of Education and Skills. The junior school is run in accordance with Froebelian principles, follows the national curriculum and provides a number of specialized subjects, such as art, French, individual music instrument lessons, speech and drama and a wide array of sports as part of its strong extra and co-curricular programme. Students of all abilities are catered for in the junior school. The pre-school and preparatory department students wear a red tracksuit. This same tracksuit is worn by the older girls for games, PE and sports. Older students in the junior school wear the formal school uniform. It is the same as the formal uniform in the secondary school. The majority of Junior School pupils go on to study and complete their school education at Alexandra College Senior School.
Sport
The school fields teams in various sports including women's association football, basketball, cricket, tennis and track and field athletics. The school has a long history of playing field hockey. In 1893 the Alexandra Hockey Club was founded at the school. It claims to be the oldest field hockey club in Ireland. In 1947 it was renamed Old Alexandra Hockey Club. In 1960 the club opened its membership to all players while still retaining a close relationship with the school. The club is still based at the school. The Irish Ladies Hockey Union was established in 1894, following a meeting at Alexandra College. On 2 March 1896 the school also hosted the first ever women's international field hockey match when Ireland defeated England 2–0.
When Ireland won the silver medal at the 2018 Women's Hockey World Cup, the squad included three former Alexandra College pupils – Nicola Evans, Deirdre Duke and Emily Beatty. All three represented the school in Leinster Schoolgirls' Senior Cup finals. Alexandra College are the competitions most successful team, winning the cup for the thirteenth time in 2016.
Recent finals
Notes
Academics
The school was ranked seventh in Ireland in terms of the number of students who progressed to third level and by the types of institutions to which the students progressed.
The Guild
The Guild was founded in 1897, not only to form a bond of union between past and present students and staff, and to keep them in touch with the College, but also to promote a spirit of service to the community and to undertake social and philanthropic work. The Guild has several branches worldwide. Facets of the Guild include the Alexandra College Golfing Society, the Old Alexandra Hockey Club, Alexandra Guild House and the Alexandra College Bursaries, which supports 25 ladies throughout the country and assists families in need around Dublin and elsewhere.
Notable past pupils
Rachel Allen (b. 1972), celebrity chef
Ivana Bacik (b. 1968), academic and politician
Mary Bagot Stack (1883 - 1935), exercise innovator
Beulah Bewley, (1929-2018), public health physician
Helen Chenevix, (1886-1963), social activist
Susan Denham, (b. 1945), judge
Grace Gifford, (1888-1955), artist and activist
Rosemary Henderson, (b. 1961), actor
Maeve Kyle, (b. 1928), athlete
Kathleen Isabella Mackie (1899– 1996) painter and glider pilot
Catherine McGuinness, (b. 1934), judge
Kate Meyrick, (1875-1933), night-club owner
Igerna Sollas, (1877-1965), zoologist
Lucy Nagle, designer
Simone Rocha (b. 1986), designer
Barbara Warren (1925–2017), painter
References
External links
Alexandra College
Official alumni website (archived)
Milltown, Dublin
Secondary schools in Dublin (city)
Girls' schools in the Republic of Ireland
Private schools in the Republic of Ireland
Anglican schools in the Republic of Ireland
Boarding schools in Ireland
1866 establishments in Ireland
Educational institutions established in 1866
Sours () is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Population
See also
Communes of the Eure-et-Loir department
References
Communes of Eure-et-Loir
Ataxia alboscutellata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Warren Samuel Fisher in 1926. It is known from the Virgin Islands, Cuba and Puerto Rico.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1926
Newell Adolphus George (September 24, 1904 – October 22, 1992) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Kansas City, Missouri, George attended public schools in Kansas City, Kansas, Wentworth Military Academy in Lexington, Missouri, Park College in Parkville, Missouri, and University of Kansas School of Law. They graduated from the George Washington University, Washington, D.C., in 1935. They were admitted to the District of Columbia bar in 1935 and to the Kansas bar in 1941. They commenced the practice of law in Kansas City, Kansas. They served as member of the staff of United States Senator George McGill of Kansas in 1933 and 1934. Regional attorney, Bureau of Employment Security from 1941 to 1945, and Federal Security Agency 1947-1953. Chief legal counsel, Regional War Manpower Commission, during the Second World War. First assistant Wyandotte County attorney 1953-1958. They served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1960.
George was elected as a Democrat to the Eighty-sixth Congress (January 3, 1959 – January 3, 1961). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1960 to the Eighty-seventh Congress. They were appointed United States attorney for the district of Kansas March 28, 1961, and served until June 20, 1968. They were a resident of Kansas City, Kansas, until their death on October 22, 1992.
Sources
1904 births
1992 deaths
United States Attorneys for the District of Kansas
Park University alumni
Wentworth Military Academy and College alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American politicians
The Royal Guard of Oman (RGO) (Arabic: الحرس السلطاني العماني) is the royal guard of the Sultan of Oman. It is a separate service within the Sultan's Armed Forces (SAF) and although equipped to carry out land defense operations, it is not part of the Royal Army of Oman. The RGO is a personal security and ceremonial unit responsible for the protection of the Sultan and other senior members of the Royal Family.
There are two other Royal Household partner organizations which directly interface with the RGO, they are:
The Oman Royal Yacht Squadron - based in Muscat Harbor with moorings for larger royal vessels in Muttrah's Port Sultan Qaboos
The Royal Flight of Oman - based at Muscat International Airport
History of the Force
The RGO can trace its history back to the small groups of lightly armed Askaris that guarded the palaces and forts of the Sultans of Oman, many habitually recruited from East Africa or loyal local tribesmen. However, it was Their Majesty Sultan Qaboos bin Said that decided to develop a more structured approach to royal protection. The RGO originated from the Oman Gendarmerie, which in the early 1970s became Their Majesty's Body Guard known as the Royal Guard Squadron. In 1975 the squadron developed into the Royal Guard Regiment and was responsible for the protection of Their Majesty and their guests; and by default the security of royal residences (palaces, etc.) and the Sultan's travelling camps This unit was grown in size and evolved into the multi-function RGO of today.
Organisation
The RGO is organised as a light mixed capability brigade-sized formation of at least 4,500 but no more than 5,000 personnel. It is equipped with a variety of wheeled armoured and soft-skinned combat vehicles; as well as light and heavy support weapons. The RGO also has a ceremonial equestrian unit that is based at the Royal Stables at Seeb. The RGO's motorcycle VIP convoy escort specialists have also created a display team known as the Red Helmets. The RGO has ceremonial bands (including bagpipe bands) and a school of music. The RGO also administers the Royal Oman Symphony Orchestra and its own technical college, both based at separate sites in Seeb.
The following is the brigade's military structure:
Headquarters Company
Honour Guard Battalion
RGO VIP Escort
Motorcycle Escort
Mounted Escort
Red Helmets
Omani Royal Guard Military Band
Infantry Band
Royal Cavalry Mounted band
Jazz Band
Steel Band
Pipes and Drums
Symphonic Orchestra
School of Music
Armoured Company
Royal Guard of Oman Technical College
Base locations
The following are some of the official residences of the Sultan and will have a permanent RGO security presence:
The Al Alam Palace - Muscat, RGO personnel being billeted in the old Portuguese Fort Mirani adjacent to the palace
The Al Husn Palace - Salalah. The summer residence of the Sultan
The Qasar al Barakah Palace - Seeb
The Bayt al Mamoura Palace - Salalah. Also classed as a Royal Guesthouse
The Rubat Palace - Salalah
The Bait Bahjat al Andhar - Sohar
The Al Aman Barracks - Seeb. Headquarters and main force base, when there is no deployment.
Equipment
The RGO uses wheeled armoured fighting vehicles and is known to have:
Nine Italian Centauro 120mm (8x8) Mobile Gun Systems. These AFVs replaced older French VBC-90 mobile gun systems in the RGO inventory
56 French Renault Véhicule de l'Avant Blindé (VAB) (6x6), including VPM-81 (81mm mortar carrier) and VDAA TA20 (anti aircraft) variants
French Truck-mounted MBDA VL MICA missile Ground Based Air Defense system.
See also
Sultan of Oman's Armed Forces
Royal Guard of Oman Technical College
References
External links
Military of Oman
Royal guards
Omani monarchy
Organizations based in Muscat, Oman
1970 establishments in Oman
Helcystogramma verberata is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1911. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (North Kivu), Kenya and South Africa.
The wingspan is 12–13 mm. The forewings are whitish ochreous suffused with brownish and sprinkled with dark fuscous, sometimes with a few whitish scales. There is an undefined basal patch of dark fuscous suffusion, the outer edge running from two-fifths of the costa to one-fifth of the dorsum. There are three undefined fasciae of dark fuscous suffusion, the first from beyond the middle of the costa to before the middle of the dorsum, the second at four-fifths, parallel to the termen, the third terminal. The stigmata are small, blackish, with the plical slightly before the first discal. The hindwings are grey.
References
Moths described in 1911
verberata
Moths of Africa
The women's featherweight (52 kg/114.4 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the lightest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving nine fighters from two continents (Europe and Asia). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
Due to the low number of competitors unsuitable for a tournament designed for sixteen, seven women had byes through to the quarter finals. The tournament was won by Turkey's Seda Duygu Aygün who defeated Ukrainian Nadiya Khayenok in the final by unanimous decision. Aliya Boranbayeva from Kazakhstan and Maria Krivoshapkina from Russia won bronze medals for their semi final appearances.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Timothy Castagne (born 5 December 1995) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a right-back or left-back for Premier League club Leicester City and the Belgium national team. Castagne began their senior career with Genk after graduating from the club's youth academy and moved to Leicester City in 2020.
Club career
Early career
Born in Arlon, Belgian Luxembourg, Castagne began playing football for local clubs US Waltzing and Lorrain Arlon before moving to the youth academy of Virton, the largest club in the province. They practised with the youth teams of Standard Liège after going to a boarding school in the area, but continued to play matches at Virton during the weekend.
Genk
In 2011, Castagne moved to Genk, after Standard decided not to recruit them permanently. In June 2013, they signed a professional contract for three years at Genk. In January 2014, then Genk coach Mario Been included them in training camp with the first team after leaving a good impression, which meant that they were definitively included in the first team in the second half of the season. They made their Belgian Pro League debut under new head coach Alex McLeish on 14 September 2014 as a starter against Club Brugge. On 2 May 2015, Castagne scored their first senior goal in a 7–1 home win.
Atalanta
In July 2017, they joined Serie A club Atalanta in a €6 million deal, after Andrea Conti had left Atalanta for Milan. They scored their first goal for the Bergamo team on 2 January 2018, in Coppa Italia win over Napoli.
After a first season of adaptation, their play improved in the first half of the second season, and on 27 August 2018, they scored their first goal in the Serie A in a 3–3 draw against Roma. Alternating with Hans Hateboer on the right wing-back, they scored 4 goals in the league overall; the others came in the second leg against Roma, and in two important end-of-season victories against Lazio (1–3), and Genoa (2–1).
The following year they continued to alternate with Hateboer, scoring two goals in all competitions: on 22 September 2019, they scored the equalising goal in the 95th minute against Fiorentina in a 2–2 draw, and the other in the UEFA Champions League in which they scored the first goal in a 0–3 win against Shakhtar Donetsk which allowed the Nerazzurri to advance to the round of 16.
During three years at Atalanta, Castagne made 96 appearances and scored 8 goals in all competitions. Their farewell was motivated by a difficult relationship with the coach Gian Piero Gasperini.
Leicester City
On 3 September 2020, Castagne completed a move to Premier League club Leicester City on a 5-year deal. On 13 September 2020, they scored their first goal for Leicester City in a 3–0 win over West Bromwich Albion; hence, they became the fifth Belgian player to score on their Premier League debut, after Luc Nilis, Thomas Vermaelen, Christian Benteke and Leandro Trossard.
International career
Castagne made their Belgium national football team debut on 7 September 2018 in a friendly against Scotland, as a starter.
On 22 March 2019, they provided an assist for their now Leicester teammate Youri Tielemans in a 3–1 win against Russia in the UEFA Euro 2020 qualifiers.
On 12 June 2021, in the 25th minute of Belgium's opening game of the UEFA Euro 2020 against Russia, they collided head-to-head with Daler Kuzyayev. Both had to be substituted. Castagne suffered a double eye-socket fracture and had to leave the tournament.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Belgium's goal tally first.
Honours
Leicester City
FA Cup: 2020–21
References
External links
Profile at Belgian FA
Profile 2 at Belgian FA
1995 births
Living people
People from Arlon
Footballers from Luxembourg (Belgium)
Belgian footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Belgium under-21 international footballers
Belgium international footballers
Association football defenders
R.E. Virton players
K.R.C. Genk players
Atalanta B.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Belgian First Division A players
Serie A players
Premier League players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in England
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
FA Cup Final players
Giuseppe Petrilli (1913? – 13 May 1999?) was an Italian professor and European Commissioner.
They were a non-politician appointed as the first Italian European Commissioner on the Hallstein Commission from January 1958 with responsibility for the Social Affairs portfolio. In September 1960 (or December 1960, or 8 February 1961) they resigned and was succeeded by Lionello Levi Sandri.
A professor, Giuseppe Petrilli became president of IRI (the Italian Institute for Industrial Reconstruction – a powerful state-owned holding company) in 1960 and served for almost twenty years, until 1979. They died on 13 May 1999, aged 86.
Commissioner Petrilli was a member of the 1979 group that produced the Spierenburg Report on the improvement of the working methods of the commission.
A Giuseppe Petrilli, left-wing Italian Christian Democrat (DC) member was appointed secretary general of the "EUCD" in 1978, according to the European Peoples Party.
A Giuseppe Petrelli became a member of the 8th Italian Senate after the 1979 elections.
References
External links
PDF Analysis of Political Experience of Commission Membership
IRI History (Italian)
Historical events in the European integration process 1945–2009: Institutional Reform: The Spierenburg Report on CVCE website
it.wiki – List of 7th Senate members
|-
1913 births
1999 deaths
Christian Democracy (Italy) politicians
20th-century Italian politicians
Italian European Commissioners
Hauntology (a portmanteau of haunting and ontology) is a range of ideas referring to the return or persistence of elements from the social or cultural past, as in the manner of a ghost. The term is a neologism first introduced by French philosopher Jacques Derrida in their 1993 book Specters of Marx. It has since been invoked in fields such as visual arts, philosophy, electronic music, anthropology, politics, fiction, and literary criticism.
Derrida initially used the term to refer to their idea of the atemporal nature of Marxism and its tendency to "haunt Western society from beyond the grave." It describes a situation of temporal and ontological disjunction in which presence, especially socially and culturally, is replaced by a deferred non-origin. The concept is derived from their deconstructive method, in which any attempt to locate the origin of identity or history must inevitably find itself dependent on an always-already existing set of linguistic conditions. Despite being the central focus of Spectres of Marx, the word hauntology appears only three times in the book, and there is little consistency in how other writers define the term.
In the 2000s, the term was applied to musicians by theorists Simon Reynolds and Mark Fisher, who were said to explore ideas related to temporal disjunction, retrofuturism, cultural memory, and the persistence of the past.
Spectres of Marx
"Hauntology" originates from Derrida's discussion of Karl Marx in Spectres of Marx, specifically Marx's proclamation that "a spectre is haunting Europe—the spectre of communism" in The Communist Manifesto. Derrida calls on Shakespeare's Hamlet, particularly a phrase spoken by the titular character: "the time is out of joint". The word functions as a deliberate near-homophone to "ontology" in Derrida's native French (cf. "Hantologie", and "ontologie", ).
Derrida's prior work on deconstruction, on concepts of trace and différance in particular, serves as the foundation of their formulation of hauntology, fundamentally asserting that there is no temporal point of pure origin but only an "always-already absent present". Their writing in Spectres is marked by a preoccupation with the "death" of communism after the 1991 fall of the Soviet Union, in particular after theorists such as Francis Fukuyama asserted that capitalism had conclusively triumphed over other political-economic systems and reached the "end of history".
Despite being the central focus of Spectres of Marx, the word hauntology appears only three times in the book. Peter Buse and Andrew Scott, discussing Derrida's notion of hauntology, explain: Ghosts arrive from the past and appear in the present. However, the ghost cannot be properly said to belong to the past.... Does then the 'historical' person who is identified with the ghost properly belong to the present? Surely not, as the idea of a return from death fractures all traditional conceptions of temporality. The temporality to which the ghost is subject is therefore paradoxical, at once they 'return' and make their apparitional debut [...] any attempt to isolate the origin of language will find its inaugural moment already dependent upon a system of linguistic differences that have been installed prior to the 'originary' moment (11).
Other usages
Hauntology has been used as a critical lens in various forms of media and theory, including music, political theory, architecture, Africanfuturism, Afrofuturism, anthropology, and psychoanalysis. Due to the difficulty in understanding the concept, there is little consistency in how other writers define the term.
In the 2000s, the term was taken up by critics in reference to paradoxes found in postmodernity, particularly contemporary culture's persistent recycling of retro aesthetics and incapacity to escape old social forms. Writers such as Mark Fisher and Simon Reynolds used the term to describe a musical aesthetic preoccupied with this temporal disjunction and the nostalgia for "lost futures". So-called "hauntological" musicians are described as exploring ideas related to temporal disjunction, retrofuturism, cultural memory, and the persistence of the past.
In late 2010s and early 2020s hauntology emerged as a significant trend in critical theory as well as in cultural and psychological anthropology. In 2019 Ethos, the journal of the Society for Psychological Anthropology dedicated a full issues to hauntology, titled Hauntology in Psychological Anthropology, and numerous books and journal articles have since appeared on the topic. In a book titled The Hauntology of Everyday Life, psychological anthropologist Sadeq Rahimi asserts, "the very experience of everyday life is built around a process that we can call hauntogenic, and whose major by-product is a steady stream of ghosts."
References
Further reading
Buse, P. and Scott, A. (ed's). Ghosts: Deconstruction, Psychoanalysis, History. London: Macmillan, 1999. .
Hauntology - GHOSTS OF FUTURES PAST by Merlin Coverley. 2020.
Hauntology in Psychological Anthropology Special Issue of Ethos: Journal of the Society for Psychological Anthropology dedicated to hauntology (Volume 47, Issue 4, December 2019).
Specters of Marx, the state of the debt, the Work of Mourning, & the New International, trans by Peggy Kamuf, Routledge 1994. .
External links
1993 neologisms
20th-century philosophy
21st-century philosophy
Concepts in aesthetics
Concepts in epistemology
Concepts in metaphysics
Deconstruction
Epistemological theories
Metaphysical theories
Neologisms
Ontology
Continental philosophy
MR MIKES SteakhouseCasual is a casual dining chain which operates across Canada. The brand is owned by RAMMP Hospitality Brands Inc. with its headquarters in Burnaby, British Columbia.
History
Founding
Mr Mikes began with a single restaurant that opened in 1960 in Vancouver, British Columbia on Granville Street. Started by two brothers, Bob and Nick Constabaris, the restaurant aimed at providing a low cost dining experience for families. One aspect, somewhat unique at the time, was that the restaurant was self-serve. During the late 1960s, the brothers came up with the idea for their famous salad bar. The most popular item on the menu was the Mikeburger, which consisted of a burger patty served on a fresh French loaf with garlic butter and their special Mike's sauce.
Growth
The restaurant was quite successful and a chain was created. In 1970, the 50th Mr Mikes Steakhouse franchise was opened, and during that year over 250,000 customers were served. By 1980, there were 69 Mr Mikes restaurants in operation. This was the peak of operations.
During the early 1980s, the economic downturn which particularly affected British Columbia forced the closing of several of the franchises. Still, by 1985, 49 restaurants were still in operation.
In 1995, Bill & Kelly Ranford partnered with Darren and Lindsey Flintoff to acquire the chain and turn the concept into a full-service West Coast-themed steakhouse without the famous salad bar. There were 21 restaurants in the franchise system.
in 2006, FDC Brands, a company belonging to Canadian entrepreneur Yuri Fulmer, acquired the entire Mr. Mikes Steakhouse and Bar chain, and rebranded it.
In 2011, RAMMP Hospitality Brands purchased the Mr Mikes franchise system.
In 2017, their expansion into Eastern Canada began. The first such location opened in Welland, Ontario on November 21.
Rebranding
RAMMP began work on rebranding the franchise and in the process, created a new dining category – SteakhouseCasual. The first flagship SteakhouseCasual location re-opened in Prince George, followed by Quesnel and Mission. New markets like Yorkton, Saskatchewan, and Bonnyville, Alberta also welcomed the new SteakhouseCasual concept.
Mr Mikes SteakhouseCasual has evolved into a full-service restaurant and lounge that focuses on delivering a range of high-quality menu items with warm service. They offer two separate experiences under one roof – a food focus on the restaurant side and a lounge feel in their urbanLODGE. In addition to the Canada AAA steaks and Mikeburgers that the chain is known for, they also offer salads, pastas, and seafood dishes.
Menu
While hamburgers and steaks are still popular items, the franchise no longer has a salad bar as of 2015.
See also
List of Canadian restaurant chains
References
External links
Restaurant chains in Canada
Restaurants in British Columbia
Steakhouses
Restaurants in Saskatchewan
Moati is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Félix Moati (born 1990), French actor, film director and screenwriter, son of Serge
Nine Moati (1937-2021), French novelist, sister of Serge
Serge Moati (born 1946), French journalist, television presenter, film director and writer
Bachchor Stuttgart, also known variously as Stuttgart Bach Choir & Orchestra, Bach Orchestra Stuttgart, Stuttgarter Bach-Chor und Orchester (Choir & Orchestra), Bachchor und Bachorchester Stuttgart, Bachchor und Bach-Orchester Stuttgart, Stuttgart Bach Orchestra, Stuttgarter Chor und Orchester and L'ensemble vocal et instrumental de Stuttgart''', is an orchestra and choir based in Stuttgart, Germany. Established around 1954, they are dedicated to the works of J. S. Bach. However, they also perform other works, for instance in July 2004 they performed at the Europäische Kirchenmusik Schwäbisch Gmünd festival of the City Church of Vienna, performing works of Adriana Hölszky.
References
External links
bachchor_stuttgart website
German orchestras
German choirs
Bach music ensembles
Musical groups established in 1954
1954 establishments in Germany
Musical groups from Stuttgart
William Robert Broughton (22 March 176214 March 1821) was a British naval officer in the late 18th century. As a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, they commanded HMS Chatham as part of the Vancouver Expedition, a voyage of exploration through the Pacific Ocean led by Captain George Vancouver in the early 1790s.
Personal life
William Robert Broughton was born on 22 March 1762. Their father, Charles Broughton, was a Hamburg merchant and their mother, Anne Elizabeth, was the daughter of Baron William de Hertoghe. Broughton married their cousin, Jemima, on 26 November 1802. They had four children. On 12 March 1821, while in Florence, Broughton suffered an angina attack and died two days later. They were buried in the English burial ground in Leghorn.
Early career
Broughton's name was added to the muster of the yacht Catherine on 1 May 1774, as captain's servant but Broughton first went to sea on 18 November when they joined the 10-gun brig-sloop, Falcon which sailed for North America, under the command of Captain John Linzee.
On 14 February 1777, Broughton, by then a midshipman, transferred to Harlem under Lieutenant John Knight. They were appointed to the 64-gun Eagle on 1 July 1778, then in December they joined the seventy-four, Superb as a Master's mate and began service in the East Indies. On 12 January 1782, Broughton was promoted to lieutenant aboard the 68-gun Burford commanded by Captain Peter Rainier. When Burford paid off on 19 July 1784, Broughton went ashore and did not serve again for almost four years.
Broughton resumed their career on 23 June 1788, aboard the 18-gun sloop, Orestes, under Manley Dixon, serving in The Channel and later, the Mediterranean. On 13 May 1790, they moved to and renewed their acquaintance with John Knight, their captain. Broughton's first command came on 18 December when they were given command of the brig, Chatham and asked to accompany George Vancouver in their exploration of the north-west Pacific.
Vancouver Expedition
En route to the Pacific Northwest the expedition spent some time exploring the South Pacific and whilst sailing separately from Vancouver, in November 1791, Broughton and their crew became the first Europeans to sight both The Snares and the Chatham Islands on the 23rd and 29th respectively. The former group contains an island that still bears Broughton's name.
Sometime after their arrival in North America, in 1792, Broughton was given the task of charting a group of islands in the Queen Charlotte Sound. In their honour, Vancouver named them the Broughton Archipelago.
In October, Broughton was ordered to explore the lower stretches of the Columbia River, between present-day Oregon and Washington. With several boats from their ship, Broughton and their party navigated upstream as far as the Columbia River Gorge and on 30 October, they reached their farthest point, landing in eastern Multnomah County east of Portland and northwest of Mount Hood, which they named for Viscount Samuel Hood, Admiral of the British Fleet. Late in 1792, Vancouver, stymied by conflicting instructions over Nootka Sound, sent Broughton back to England via Mexico and the Atlantic, bearing dispatches and requesting instructions.
Exploring Japan and Sakhalin
On 3 October 1793, Broughton was promoted to commander and given command of , a ship formerly commanded by Captain William Bligh.
The fitting out caused a long delay and the ship didn't sail until February 1795 and when Broughton finally returned to north-west America, they were unable to locate Vancouver. Correctly determining that Vancouver had returned to England having completed their survey, Broughton crossed the Pacific and began a four-year survey of the Asian coast between the latitudes of 35 and 52 degrees north, which would include, the Kurile Islands, Japan, Okinawa, and Formosa.
From September 1796 Broughton charted the east coast of Honshu and Hokkaidō before wintering at Macau where they purchased a small schooner to assist the Providence. Next year they returned to Japan where the Providence was wrecked on what was to become known as Providence Reef, now Yabiji (八重干瀬), at Miyako Island. The schooner saved the crew of the wrecked ship and they continued north along the east coast of Honshu. Passing Hokkaido, the expedition sailed north into the Gulf of Tartary along the west coast of Sakhalin. Finding extensive shallows at the north end of the gulf it was falsely concluded that Sakhalin was part of the mainland (a common mistake). Broughton turned south along the coast of Korea and then headed home by way of Trincomalee, Ceylon, where the crew was paid off and they were court-martialled for the loss of their ship. Having been acquitted, they reached England in February 1799 and shortly after began to write their book, "A Voyage of Discovery to the North Pacific Ocean; in which the coast of Asia, from the latitude of 35° north to the latitude of 52° north, the island of Insu (commonly known under the name of Jesso), the north, south and east coasts of Japan, the Lieuchieux and adjacent islands, as well as the coast of Corea, have been examined and surveyed, Performed in Their Majesty's Sloop Providence and their tender, in the years 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798". It was published in 1804.
Later career
Having been kept from the greater part of the French Revolutionary War by their book, Broughton resumed their active naval career on 23 June 1801, when they were given command of the 50-gun Batavier in The Channel. They served aboard them until the Peace of Amiens was ratified, in April 1802. In May, Broughton was given command of the 36-gun Penelope, serving in the North Sea, an appointment that lasted until two days before their next command, the seventy-four, Illustrious, on 30 May 1807. In her, Broughton continued service, seeing action at the Battle of the Basque Roads. After the battle, Lord Cochrane proclaimed that Admiral Gambier had not done enough to destroy the French fleet and Gambier demanded a court martial at which they were acquitted, despite Broughton speaking out against him.
In November 1810, Broughton, still in command of Illustrious, took part in the Mauritius Campaign, joining a fleet off the island of Rodriquez, under Vice-admiral Albemarle Bertie. On 29 November, this fleet landed around 10,000 troops at Grande-Baie, north-east of Port-Louis, on the Isle de France which capitulated five days later on 3 December. In 1811, Broughton took part in the Java Expedition. They were initially given command of the expedition by Admiral O'Bryen Drury the then Commander-in-Chief in the East Indies but they were relieved of their post after Drury's death by Admiral Robert Stopford, who had arrived from the Cape. This angered Broughton, who felt that Stopford had exceeded their authority, and who applied for a court-martial, which was ultimately rejected. The mission however was a success, the British having complete control of the island by 18 September 1811.
Broughton resigned their commission on 23 October 1812 but was recalled on 31 May 1815 to serve in the channel as commander of the 100-gun Royal Sovereign. In August 1815 they transferred to Spencer, a seventy-four, serving as a guardship at Plymouth. On 4 June 1815, Broughton was made a Companion of The Most Honourable Order of the Bath and promoted to Colonel of the Marines on 12 March 1819.
Death and legacy
Broughton died in Florence, Italy in 1821, and was buried in the Old English Cemetery, Livorno. They named many locations in the course of their explorations and has been honoured with namings as well:
Broughton Island (New South Wales) and Providence Bay off Port Stephens, New South Wales, were surveyed by Broughton in August 1795. While there they encountered some escaped convicts whom they took back to Sydney.
Broughton Island in the Snares Islands, New Zealand is named for Lieutenant Broughton.
Both Broutona Island and its highest point, 801m Broutona Mount in Russia's Kurils Islands are named for William Robert Broughton.
Brouton Bay at the northern end of Simushir Island in the Kuril Islands, Russia is named for William Robert Broughton.
Broughton Arm in Dusky Sound, New Zealand is named for Lieutenant Broughton.
The Broughton Archipelago, Broughton Island and Broughton Strait in British Columbia's Queen Charlotte Strait region are named for Lieutenant Broughton. A street in Vancouver's West End and a street in Downtown Victoria also bear theirs name.
Broughton's Bluff, a popular rock climbing destination at the Lewis and Clark State Recreation Site in Troutdale, Oregon, was named after them in 1926.
Mount Hood for Viscount Samuel Hood, Admiral of the British Fleet.
Youngs River and Youngs Bay for their uncle, Admiral Sir George Young.
Broughton's map of the Columbia River was instrumental in the planning of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
Broughton Beach, a popular sandy beach on the Columbia River in Portland, Oregon.
A plaque erected by the State of Oregon along Interstate 84 in the Columbia Gorge commemorates the spot where Broughton landed in 1792.
The pub located within the British Embassy in Seoul is named "Broughton's Club" to commemorate Broughton's exploration of Northeast Asia, including the Korean Peninsula.
A cricket team in the Korea Cricket Association league is named "Broughton's International XI" in their honour.
Broughton Street in the West End of Vancouver, British Columbia is named in their honour.
Broughton Avenue in Ham, Richmond upon the Thames, London. Close to the hamlet of Petersham in the same borough, where the last dwelling and final resting place of Captain George Vancouver are located.
See also
European and American voyages of scientific exploration
Notes
References
Derek Hayes, Historical Atlas of the North Pacific Ocean',2001
English explorers
Royal Navy officers
Oregon Country
Explorers of Oregon
Chatham Islands
1762 births
1821 deaths
Pre-Confederation British Columbia people
English explorers of North America
Explorers of British Columbia
History of the Chatham Islands
History of the New Zealand outlying islands
18th-century Royal Navy personnel
19th-century Royal Navy personnel
Royal Navy personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Military personnel from Gloucestershire
The Senior women's race at the 1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Stellenbosch, South Africa, at the Danie Craven Stadium on March 23, 1996. A preview on the event was given in the Herald, and a report in The New York Times.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Senior women's race (6.3 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 133 athletes from 37 countries in the Senior women's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(1)
(4)
(6)
(2)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(5)
(5)
(6)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(4)
(6)
(5)
(1)
(4)
See also
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Senior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1996 in women's athletics
Kaththi Sandai () is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language action comedy film written and directed by Suraj. The film is produced by S. Nanthagopal. The film features Vishal and Tamannaah in the lead roles. Jagapathi Babu, Vadivelu, Soori and Tarun Arora play pivotal roles. The project was launched in May 2016. The film released on 23 December 2016.
Plot
Arjun Ramakrishnan (Vishal) comes to Chennai to woo a psychology student named Divya (Tamannaah), on whom they have a crush. With the help of a local incompetent don named Deva (Soori), they succeed in winning their heart. Divya's elder brother is Tamizhselvan (Jagapathi Babu), the honest and sincere DCP of Chennai. They approve of the relationship between Arjun and their sister, and soon, their wedding is fixed. One day, Tamizhselvan is kidnapped by some goons in retaliation for their thwarting of a black money scam six months ago. Arjun rescues Tamizhselvan and takes them home, only to reveal that they are a CBI officer who had discovered 250 crores stashed in Tamizhselvan's house as black money. 300 crores had been seized during the black money raid, but it was publicly announced that only 50 crores had been seized. Arjun takes away all the money but does not arrest Tamizhselvan due to their public reputation, instead of telling them to personally surrender later that day.
However, Tamizhselvan soon finds out that Arjun is not a CBI officer, but is a criminal who had recently been released from prison. They pursue Arjun to get back the money. During the chase, they open fire on Arjun's SUV, causing Arjun to lose control and meet with an accident, losing consciousness. Arjun wakes up in a hospital, having lost their memory. Tamizhselvan keeps Arjun in custody in a house, where a psychiatrist named Dr. Boothri (Vadivelu) is assigned to restore Arjun's memory so that they can reveal where they have kept the money. Unknown to anyone, Arjun had not lost their memory; they are only pretending as part of their mission to retrieve the black money. At night, they sneak out of the house and steals the black money of a Union Minister (Jayaprakash), converting it to white money with the help of a hawala trader. However, Tamizhselvan and the Union Minister soon find out that Arjun had not lost their memory and had stolen even more of the black money. Arjun, confronted by Tamizhselvan and the Union Minister, reveals their motive for stealing the black money.
Arjun is from Manimangalam, a remote village with no basic amenities like roads, water, high schools, and even proper housing and sanitation facilities. When the building of the only primary school in the village collapsed, they confronted the local MLA Sivagnanam (Thennavan), who had falsely claimed to have developed the village, by pocketing all the money which was to be used for developing Manimangalam. Sivagnanam rudely sent them away, defending their corruption and even declaring that they would never develop the village. Following this, Arjun approached the Union Minister, who also turned out to be corrupt like Sivagnanam. Arjun's friends confront Sivagnanam and their men, who kill them all, including Sivagnanam. It is at this stage that Arjun had decided to get back all the black money acquired by Sivagnanam (which was the 300 crores recovered earlier in the film) and the Union Minister and use it to develop Manimangalam.
Arjun takes Tamizhselvan, the Union Minister, and Divya to Manimangalam, which is now a very well-developed village. They reveal that they had used the money hoarded by the Union Minister along with Sivagnanam's 300 crores to develop the village and had given the credit to him, because of which the villagers now hold the Union Minister in high regard. Tamizhselvan drops all charges against Arjun, seeing that they had stolen the money which was black for good intentions, and arrests the Union Minister. In the credits, it is revealed that Divya and Tamizhselvan involve themselves in Manimangalam's development, along with Arjun.
Cast
Vishal as Arjun Ramakrishnan (Cheenu)
Tamannaah as Dhivya (Bhaanu)
Jagapathi Babu as DCP Tamizhselvan
Vadivelu as Dr. Boothri
Soori as Deva / Chithra Master
Tarun Arora as Tamizhselvan's accomplice
Jayaprakash as Union Minister
Thennavan as MLA Sivagnanam
Nirosha as Tamizhselvan's wife
Soundararaja as Soundar (Arjun's friend)
Aarthi as Boothri's assistant
Thadi Balaji as Boothri's assistant
Bava Lakshmanan as Boothri's assistant
Chinni Jayanth as Psychology Professor
Swaminathan as Tea Stall Owner
Madhan Bob as Doctor
Charandeep as Tamizhselvan's brother
Production
In April 2016, it was announced that Vishal and Suraj would team up for a film titled Kaththi Sandai, which would be produced by S. Nanthagopal of Madras Enterprises. Vadivelu and Soori were selected to play comical roles. The film marks the former's comeback as a comedian into Tamil cinema as well as their second collaboration with Vishal after Thimiru (2006). In May 2016, Tamannaah and Jagapati Babu were roped in to play the female lead and the antagonist respectively. Principal photography began with a puja ceremony held on 2 May 2016. In June 2016, Tarun Arora was cast in a negative role after Suraj was impressed with the actor's performance in Kanithan (2016). According to a report by Sify, Vadivelu completed their portions by the end of August 2016. Filming was wrapped up in November 2016.
Music
The film's soundtrack and the score are composed by Hiphop Tamizha while the lyrics for the songs were written by Na. Muthukumar and Hiphop Tamizha. Kaththi Sandai is one of the last films Muthukumar worked on before their death in August 2016. The soundtrack was released on 26 October 2016. Behindwoods gave a rating of 2.5/5 and noted that "Kaththi Sandai is a fun filled album from Hip-Hop Thamizha which is still filled with repetitive elements." Siddharth K of Sify rated the album 3/5 and labelled it "a mixed bag" while noting that "the usage of versatile choice of singers would have made a difference for the album overall."
Release
Kaththi Sandai was initially slated for a Diwali release on 28 October 2016. In early October 2016, Vishal announced through their Twitter handle that the film was postponed to a November 2016 release and that the soundtrack album would be released on Diwali instead. The film was later released on 23 December 2016.
Critical reception
Kaththi Sandai received mixed reviews from critics. Film critic and writer Baradwaj Rangan of The Hindu criticised the script and its execution, pointing out that the director "just wants to keep distracting you with songs and fights and comedy." They concluded their review by labelling the film as a "silly, noisy waste of a good premise" Thinkal Menon of The Times of India wrote, "With a not-so-proper characterisations for the ones who played prominent roles and a done-to-death plot, the film, overall doesn't engage." Gautaman Bhaskaran of Hindustan Times called it "a corny cocktail of bullets, bloodshed and buffoonery." Manoj Kumar R of The Indian Express wrote, "Be warned: Smoking tobacco causes cancer, watching this movie may have a similar effect on your mental health."
Srivatsan of the magazine India Today, like Rangan, criticised the screenplay, adding "Do yourself a favour and keep from watching Kaththi Sandai." Malini Mannath, writing for The New Indian Express labelled it as a "long and tedious affair" S Saraswathi of Rediff while calling Kaththi Sandai "a tedious action film" noted that both Vadivelu and Soori "appear to be wasted on this poorly-written script." A reviewer from Sify found the film to be "remotely original or interesting."
References
External links
2010s Tamil-language films
2010s masala films
2016 action comedy films
Films scored by Hiphop Tamizha
Films shot in Georgia (country)
2016 films
Indian action comedy films
Films about corruption in India
Indian heist films
The 1878 Amherst football team was an American football team that represented Amherst College during the 1878 college football season. The team compiled a record of 1–2–1.
Schedule
References
Amherst
Amherst Mammoths football seasons
Amherst football
Dogpatch was the fictional setting of cartoonist Al Capp's classic comic strip Li'l Abner (1934–1977).
Li'l Abner comic strip
The inhabitants of Dogpatch were mostly lazy hillbillies, who usually wanted nothing to do with progress. Li'l Abner backwater hometown chiefly consisted of dismal log cabin hovels, pine trees, "tarnip" fields and hog wallows—and was often referred to by its inhabitants and outsiders as being the most miserable and unnecessary place on earth. The menfolk were too lazy to work, yet Dogpatch gals were desperate enough to chase them (see Sadie Hawkins Day). Those who farmed their turnip fields watched turnip termites swarm by the billions once a year, locust-like, to devour Dogpatch's only crop (along with their livestock and all their clothing).
Al Capp used to joke that Dogpatch was based on Seabrook, New Hampshire, where they would vacation with their wife, Catherine. A map shown during the story arc of the Shmoo seems to place Dogpatch somewhere around Tennessee or Arkansas. However, one of the earliest (1934) Li'l Abner strips, re-posted on the web by Comics.com in March 2008, explicitly identifies Dogpatch as being in Kentucky and several 1936 strips also clearly place it in Kentucky. One 1936 strip furthermore mentions that Lee City (a small town in eastern Kentucky) is just over away.
The local geography was fluid and vividly complex; Capp continually changed it to suit either their whims or the current storyline. It has been variously situated in a deep valley, at the base of a peak that's precariously balancing an enormous boulder (Teeterin' Rock), or atop Onnecessary Mountain overlooking an apparently infinite chasm, Bottomless Canyon. It was usually described as situated between the equally fictitious towns of Skonk Hollow (inhabited by lethally dangerous, even more backward mountaineers) and Pineapple Junction. Like the Coconino County depicted in George Herriman's Krazy Kat and the Okefenokee Swamp of Walt Kelly's Pogo, Dogpatch's (and Lower Slobbovia's) distinctive cartoon landscape became as identified with the strip as any of its characters.
Local Dogpatch institutions included West Po'kchop Railroad, which ran perpendicularly up one side of Onnecessary Mountain and straight down the other. A stiffnecked industrialist named Stubborn J. Tolliver built its suicidal grade to satisfy a boyish dream of their son, Idiot J. Tolliver. To keep their boy happy, Tolliver starts one train a week up the tracks. Each train falls back with a crash, killing all its passengers.
Another daily hazard, the Skonk Works, was almost as lethal. Scores have been done in by the fumes of the concentrated "skonk" oil which is brewed and barreled at the factory by its owner and "inside man", Big Barnsmell; and their cousin, "outside man" Barney Barnsmell (see also Skunk Works).
Mail was very slow, with the ancient, white-bearded postmaster and their creaky jackass mount (Young Eddie McSkonk and U.S. Mule) often feeling too stressed to deliver the cobweb-covered sacks of timeworn letters marked "Rush" at the Dogpatch Express post office. Dogpatch's various feature attractions also included Kissin' Rock (handy to Suicide Cliff), the Jubilation T. Cornpone memorial statue, and Dogpatch Airlines, with decrepit World War I aviator Cap'n Eddie Ricketyback, proprietor (a pun on Eddie Rickenbacker).
Theme park
In 1967, Al Capp licensed and had an interest in an , $35 million theme park called Dogpatch USA, based on the comic strip's setting. Built in Marble Falls near Harrison, Arkansas, the park closed in 1993 due to mismanagement and financial debt. It is scheduled to reopen as Heritage USA in October, 2018.
Other uses
U.S. Army and Marine Corps units in Vietnam during the Vietnam War often called their housing compounds "Dogpatches", due to the primitive conditions.
The term was used by American chemical engineers such as William J. Wilcox, Jr. and Warren Fuchs, during World War II who were working on the Manhattan Project; the engineers used the term from the comic strip to describe their first Rochester dormitories, with dark and dismal furniture and used beds from an old YMCA, and kept using the term when they transferred to Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
47th Fighter Squadron is known as the DogPatchers, and their A-10C aircraft are named after the characters from Li'l Abner. Each airplane has artwork depicting these characters located on the inside of the boarding ladder door.
Dogpatch is also the name of a restaurant in Munising, Michigan, United States.
References
Fictional elements introduced in 1934
Fictional populated places in the United States
Fictional locations in comics
Li'l Abner
Benjamin Hutchinson Clover (December 22, 1837 – December 30, 1899) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Jefferson, Ohio, Clover attended the common schools. They moved to Kansas in 1871 and settled in Cambridge. They engaged in agricultural pursuits. They served as member of the board of school commissioners 1873-1888. They were twice president of the Kansas State Farmers' Alliance and Industrial Union and twice vice president of the national organization of that order.
Clover was elected as a Populist to the Fifty-second Congress (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1893). They were not a candidate for renomination in 1892. They resumed agricultural pursuits. They returned to Douglass, Kansas, where they committed suicide on December 30, 1899.  They are interred in Douglass Cemetery.
Notes
References
1837 births
1899 deaths
People from Jefferson, Ohio
Kansas Populists
People's Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Farmers from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
People from Douglass, Kansas
Suicides in Kansas
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Mudaysis is a military airfield located in Al Anbar Governorate, Iraq. The field was used various times by the United States military during the 2003 Iraq War.
During the 1991 Gulf War, the Mudaysis radar site was knocked out by F-15 Eagles. Several Dassault Mirage F1 aircraft were shot down over Mudaysis by the F-15s.
In 2003, radar sites at Mudaysis were bombed by American aircraft; an F-16 attacked the radar site with a PGM.
External links
Mudaysis Airbase at GlobalSecurity.org
References
Al Anbar Governorate
Iraqi Air Force bases
United States Marine Corps in the Iraq War
Callimetopus cynthioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1958. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1958
The O'Brien dynasty (; ; genitive Uí Bhriain ) is a noble house of Munster, founded in the 10th century by Brian Boru of the Dál gCais (Dalcassians). After becoming King of Munster, through conquest they established themselves as Ard Rí na hÉireann (High King of Ireland). Brian's descendants thus carried the name Ó Briain, continuing to rule the Kingdom of Munster until the 12th century where their territory had shrunk to the Kingdom of Thomond which they would hold for just under five centuries.
In total, four Ó Briains ruled in Munster, and two held the High Kingship of Ireland (with opposition). After the partition of Munster into Thomond and the MacCarthy Kingdom of Desmond by Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair in the 12th century, the dynasty would go on to provide around thirty monarchs of Thomond until 1542.
During part of this period in the late 13th century they had a rivalry with the Norman de Clare house, disputing the throne of Thomond. The last Ó Briain to reign in Thomond was Murrough Ó Briain who surrendered their sovereignty to the new Kingdom of Ireland under Henry VIII of the House of Tudor, becoming instead Earl of Thomond and maintaining a role in governance.
Throughout the time that the Ó Briains ruled in medieval Ireland, the system of tanistry was used to decide succession, rather than primogeniture used by much of feudal Europe. The system in effect was a dynastic monarchy but family-elected and aristocratic, in the sense that the royal family chose the most suitable male candidate from close paternal relations—roydammna (those of kingly material) rather than the crown automatically passing to the eldest son. This sometimes led to bitter quarrels and in-family warring. Since 1542, as a part of the Peerage of Ireland, the head of the Ó Briain house adopted primogeniture to decide succession of noble titles instead.
Naming conventions
Background
The Ó Brian emerged as chiefs of the Dál gCais tribe from the south-west of Ireland — a cohesive set of septs, related by blood, all claiming descent in tradition from a common ancestor of Cas, sixth in descent from Cormac Cas. In the Annals of the Four Masters, the father of Cormac Cas was said to be Oilioll Olum, who was according to tradition King of Munster and King of Leinster in the 3rd century. Such a connection would have meant that the tribe held kinship with the Eoghanachta who had dominated Munster since the earliest times. While founder mythologies were very common in antiquity and the medieval world, such a connection is generally regarded as fanciful and politically motivated in the context of the rise to prominence of the Dalcassians.
Instead, academic histories generally accept the Dalcassians as being the Déisi Tuaisceart, after adopting a new name — first recorded under their newly adopted name under the year 934 in the Annals of Inisfallen. The Déisi, a people whose name means literally vassals, were originally located where today is Waterford, south Tipperary and Limerick; the O'Rahilly's historical model counts them as ethnically Érainn.
The sept split into the Déisi Muman who continued to hold territory in Waterford and Tipperary, while the west Déisi controlled areas either side of the River Shannon. During the 8th century, the latter was further divided into the Déisi Deiscirt and the Déisi Tuaisceart who would become the Dalcassians. Prehistoric ancestors of the Déisi Tuisceart and Dál gCais may have been a once prominent Érainn people called the Mairtine.
It was during this century that the tribe annexed to Munster the area today known as Clare and made it their home. Taken from the weakened Uí Fiachrach Aidhne it had previously been part of Connacht but was renamed Thomond (Tuamhain, meaning North Munster). After gaining influence over other tribes in the area such as the Corcu Mruad and Corcu Baiscinn, the Dalcassians were able to crown Cennétig mac Lorcáin as King of Thomond, they died in 951. Their son Mathgamain mac Cennétig was to expand their territory further according to the Annals of Ulster; capturing the Rock of Cashel capital of the Eoghanachta, the Dalcassians became Kings of Cashel and Munster over their previous overlords for the first time in history.
Mathgamain along with their younger brother Brian Boru began military campaigns such as the Battle of Sulcoit, against the Norse Vikings of the settlement Limerick, ruled by Ivar. The Dalcassians were successful, plundering spoils of jewels, gold and silver, saddles, finding "soft, youthful, bright girls, booming silk-clad women and active well-formed boys". The males fit for war were executed at Saingel, while the rest were taken as slaves.
Through much of their reign Mathgamain was competing with their Eoghanachta rival Máel Muad mac Brain. Mathgamain was only defeated in the end by a piece of treachery; they believed they were attending a friendly meeting, but was betrayed at Donnubán mac Cathail's house, handed over to their enemies and executed in 976. The crown of Munster was briefly back in the hands of the Eoghanachta for two years until Brian Boru had thoroughly avenged their brother, with the defeat and slaying of Máel Muad in the Battle of Belach Lechta.
Rise of Brian Boru
The following year Brian came to blows with the Norsemen of Limerick at Scattery Island where a monastery was located. Whilst all parties were Christians, when their king Ivar and their sons took refuge in the monastery, Brian desecrated it and killed them in the sanctuary; the Vikings of Limerick had earlier killed Brian's mother.
Following this the Dalcassians came into conflict with those responsible for the death of Mathgamain, the Eoghanachta represented by Donovan and Molloy. A message was sent to Molloy, where Boru's son Murrough would challenge them in single combat; eventually the Battle of Belach Lechta took place where Molloy along with 1200 of their soldiers were slain. Donovan was destroyed together with Aralt, their brother-in-law and Ivar's remaining son, newly elected king of the Danes and Foreigners of Munster, in Donovan's fortress of Cathair Cuan, which Brian razed. With this Brian Boru was now the King of Munster.
Brian's rise did not go unnoticed, however; Máel Sechnaill II from the Clann Cholmáin sept of the Uí Néill, as reigning king of Mide and High King of Ireland marched an army down to Munster to send a warning to the Dalcassians. Their army cut down the tree of Magh Adhair, which was sacred to the Dalcassians as it was used as their site of royal inaugurations. This sparked a conflict between Máel Sechnaill and Brian, the object of both men to be recognised as High King.
A treaty would eventually be reached between Máel Sechnaill and Brian which split the areas of influence in Ireland between them. Brian gained control over a large portion of the island's south including Dublin. The peace didn't last long as Brian used the newly acquired forces of Dublin and Leinster to spearhead an attack against Máel Sechnaill which ended in their defeat and forced Brian to reconsider pressing any further North.
The war dragged on but Brian would eventually force Máel Sechnaill to accept their authority when northern branch of the Uí Néill clan refused to support him. Despite their fall in position Máel Sechnaill would become one of Brian's most important allies. Eventually the northern Uí Néill branch would accept Brian's rule as well, unusually for the time this was done peacefully, their submission to Brian was negotiated by the clergy rather than forced in battle.
With the most powerful Kings in Ireland now accepting Brian as the High King it was a much easier task for Brian to force the remaining Kings to submit to their rule and though it may have been tenuous they eventually are acknowledged as High King by all the rulers in Ireland.
O'Brien dynasty
Brian's descendants, the Ua Briain would provide a further three High Kings of Ireland and exercised supremacy in Munster until Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair, taking advantage of war between brothers Diarmait and former High-King Muircheartach, invaded Munster and split it in two in the Treaty of Glanmire (1118) granting Thomond to the sons of Diarmait Ua Briain and Desmond to the leading sept of the dispossessed Eoganacht, the Mac Cárthaigh dynasty. After the death of Domnall Mór Ua Briain, a claimant to the Kingship of Munster, they further retreated beyond the Shannon into the area of modern County Clare in the wake of the Norman Invasion. In 1276 King Edward II granted all of Thomond to Thomas de Clare, taking advantage of the feuding between Clann Taidhg and Clann Briain (whom de Clare supported). The de Clares failed in conquering Thomond and were decisively defeated in the Battle of Dysert O'Dea in 1318, thus the Kingdom of Thomond remained outside of foreign control for a further 200 years.
In 1543 Murchadh Carrach Ó Briain, agreed to surrender their Gaelic Royalty to King Henry VIII and accepted the titles Earl of Thomond and Baron Inchiquin. At their death in 1551 the Earldom passed to their nephew Donough by special remainder and the title Baron Inchiquin passed to their male heirs through their son Dermot. The Earldom went extinct at the death of Henry O'Brien, 8th Earl of Thomond, the next heir would have been a descendant of Daniel O'Brien, 3rd Viscount Clare who was attainded in 1691, so the title became forfeit. However, Charles O'Brien, 6th Viscount Clare, a Jacobite exile used the title Earl of Thomond, as did their son, who died childless in 1774. At the death of James O'Brien, 3rd Marquess of Thomond, the title Baron Inchiquin passed to a distant cousin and descendant of Murrough, Sir Lucius O'Brien, 5th Baronet and was passed down to their descendants.
Family Tree
Key:
= King of Dál gCais
= King of Thomond
= Baron Inchiquin
=Viscount Clare
=Earl of Thomond, Earl of Inchiquin
=Marquess of Thomond
Notes
See also
Irish nobility
Irish royal families
List of people named O'Brien
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
The O'Brien Clan
Septs of the Dál gCais
Aibell
O'Brien
Gaels
Robert Emmerson Oliver Johnson (25 October 1911 – 5 March 1982) was an English professional footballer who played as a central defender.
References
1911 births
1982 deaths
People from Houghton-le-Spring
English footballers
Association football defenders
Burnley F.C. players
Nelson F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Bishop Auckland F.C. players
The Weimarer Passion, BWV deest (BC D 1), is a hypothetical Passion oratorio by Johann Sebastian Bach, thought to have possibly been performed on Good Friday 26 March 1717 at Gotha on the basis of a payment of 12 Thalers on 12 April 1717 to "Concert Meister Bachen". It is one of several such lost Passions. Both the text (by an unknown librettist) and music are lost, but individual movements from this work could have been reused in latter works such as the Johannes-Passion. At one time, it was thought that the work set chapters 26 and 27 of the Gospel of Matthew to music, with interspersed chorales and arias, but current consensus is that it is possible that the text reflected a synopsis of two or more Gospel texts, as well as the interspersed chorales and arias.
Background
Of the five Passion settings Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Sebastian's former pupil Johann Friedrich Agricola mention in Bach's obituary only two have survived with any degree of certainty: the St John Passion and the St Matthew Passion. A third is documented in the form of a libretto dating from 1731 (published 1732) and a newly discovered libretto dating from 1744 (found in the National Library in St. Petersburg [Catalogue No. 17,139.1.423]). A fourth Passion is evident in the form of a manuscript copy by Bach and their son Carl Philipp Emanuel dating from c. 1730 (with an addition recently discovered in Bach's hand dating from c. 1745/1746) of an anonymous St Luke Passion that originally was attributed to Bach (BWV 246 [BC D 6]), but has now been attributed to a yet unknown master who was active in Thuringia in the early 18th century (possibly ending in ca. 1717). The attribution to Johann Melchior Molter has been rejected based on the fact that some of the material in the manuscript was done in Carl Philipp Emanuel's hand, who left Leipzig in 1734 for Frankfurt an der Oder).
Much speculation has been made over the identity of the fifth Passion setting. Theories have ranged from a one-choir setting of the St Matthew Passion ("Eine Paßion nach dem Matthäus, incomplet" was listed in the "Verzeichniß des musikalischen Nachlasses des verstorbenen Capellmeisters Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach" (1714–1788) published by Gortlieb Friedrich Schniebes in Hamburg in 1790). Others have speculated that the Weimarer Passion was the fifth Passion setting discussed in the obituary. Others have speculated that this Passion setting not really an Oratorio Passion at all, but rather a Passion Oratorio setting of a text by Christian Friedrich Henrici entitled "Erbauliche Gedanken auf den Gruenen Donnerstag und Charfreitag ueber den Leidenden Jesum" (a part of their 1725 text cycle Sammlung erbaulicher Gedancken über und auf die gewöhnlichen Sonn- und Festtage).
Bach in 1717
The year 1717 proved to be a pivotal one in the life and career of Bach, then Court Organist and Concertmaster to the main Court of William Ernest, Duke of Saxe-Weimar. That year, they gained some notoriety outside of the region where they lived and worked, in the modern state of Thuringia. Johann Mattheson, a diplomat, musician, music theoretician, and Kantor (director of church musicI at the old St. Mary's Cathedral in Hamburg, published their treatise about music and musicians, Das Beschützte Orchestre, oder desselben Zweyte Eröffnung: Worinn Nicht nur einem würcklichen galant-homme ... sondern auch manchem Musico selbst die alleraufrichtigste und deutlichste Vorstellung musicalischer Wissenschaften .... In Part I, Chapter V, p. 222 of this treatise, Mattheson states "Ich habe von dem berühmten Organisten zu Weimar/hrn. Joh. Sebastian Bach/Sachen gesehen..." ("I have of the organist to Weimar/Mr. Joh. Sebastian Bach/seen things ..."). In this work, they list famous contemporary and former organists. Thus, for the first time, the name of Johann Sebastian Bach appeared in print. In the autumn of that year, Bach was invited to a Keyboard instrument contest in the capital city of the Electorate of Saxony, Dresden, between themselves and the French Royal Court Organist and Keyboardist Louis Marchand, who was then towards the end of a long concert tour of the Holy Roman Empire. When Bach arrived, however, they learned that their rival had left the night before, thus aborting the contest and by default acknowledging their inferiority to Bach's skills.
Back at Weimar, their employment situation became more complicated. In 1716, their co-employer Ernest Augustus I, Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach had married Princess Eleonore Wilhelmine of Anhalt-Köthen (an event that Bach probably participated in and for which they provided music). The new duchess's brother (Leopold, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen) may also have attended the event. If that is the case, they would have met Bach then. At any rate, on 5 August 1717, Leopold officially ordered Bach to become their Court Kapellmeister. Around the same time (1717), the relations between the co-rulers in Weimar became even more strained than they had been previously, to the point that Wilhelm Ernst officially forbade their employees to have any relations or communications with the Ernst August's residence Rotes Schloss. Wilhelm Ernst was also looking for a successor to the post of Kapellmeister at their court because the previous holder of the post, Johann Samuel Drese, had died on 1 December 1716. Eventually Drese's son (a less talented candidate) was selected for the post. Possibly because of this perceived snub, and also because of the perceived better circumstances awaiting them in Köthen both financially and in prestige, Bach began more vehemently to request their release from Wilhelm Ernst. They had become so insistent that between 6 November and 2 December, they were imprisoned before final permission was granted. The court secretary's report of the incident relates as follows:
At any rate, during this flurry of activity, Bach had also received a commission from Frederick II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg to compose and perform a Passion setting for their court for Good Friday, as their then Kapellmeister, Christian Friedrich Witt, was on their deathbed. Bach accepted the commission, and performed the work on 26 March 1717 at the Schloss Friedenstein Chapel. The work performed there was the so-called Weimarer Passion.
The work
The text and music of this Weimarer Passion are lost. In recent research, nine movements from this work have been identified because Bach reused them in different functions. These are as follows:
Chorale fantasia on "", D major, for SATB choir, flauto traverso I/II, oboe I/II, violino I/II, viola, continuo (incl. liuto and organo)
Aria with Chorale "", F-sharp minor, for bass solo, choral soprano, flauto traverso I/II, continuo
Aria , A major, for solo tenor, violino I/II, viola, continuo
Aria , C minor, for solo tenor, oboe I/II, bassono, continuo
Chorale fantasia on "" G minor (Coro: S A T B, Flauto traverso I/II, Oboe I/II, Violino I/II, Viola, Continuo
Chorale "", BWV 283 (BC F 31.1), A minor, SATB, flauto traverso I/II, oboe I/II, violino I/II, viola, continuo
Aria , D minor, for tenor, flauto traverso, continuo
Recitativo , B-flat major, for tenor, violino I/II, viola, continuo
Chorale "", B major, SATB, flauto traverso I/II, oboe I/II, violino I/II, viola, continuo
On 7 February 1723, the fifth movement mentioned above was used again after the sermon as the fourth and final movement of the second trial piece Bach wrote for their application for the post of Cantor of St. Thomas Church, Leipzig and Directoris Chori musici of Leipzig, the cantata Du wahrer Gott und Davids Sohn, BWV 23. For this work (BC A 47b, Bach transposed it to F-sharp minor. The work was revived again (with the same setting and key) on 20 February 1724 (Quinquagesima or Estomihi Sunday), this time with brass instruments (Cornetto, Trombone I-III, all colla voce Cornet with Soprano, Trombone I with Alto, Trombone II with Tenor, and Trombone III with Bass (voice type)).
In 1725, Bach revived (possibly a last-minute decision) their St John Passion. It is possible that they had in mind a revival of the Weimarer Passion, but realized that it was impossible, especially since the Leipzig liturgy required a Passion setting in two parts framing the sermon. However, this did not stop Bach from reusing material from the Weimar work in this new Passion setting. Of the nine movements mentioned in the above list, Bach would use five of them in the second version of the St John Passion:
Chorale fantasia "O Mensch, bewein dein Sünde groß" E major (Coro: S A T B, Flauto traverso I/II, Oboe I/II, Violino I/II, Viola, Continuo), replacing the 1724 original Movement I ("Herr, unser Herrscher", G minor, Coro: S A T B, Oboe I/II, Violino I/II, Viola, Continuo). Movements 2-11 of 1724 work = Movements 2-11 of 1725 work.
Aria with Chorale "Himmel reiße, Welt erbebe" F minor (Solo: B, Coro: S, Flauto traverso I/II, Continuo)--New Movement 12. Movement 12 of 1724 work = Movement 13 of 1725 work. Movement 13 of 1724 work = replaced by movement below.
Aria "Zerschmettert mich, ihr Felsen und ihr Hügel" A major (Solo: T, Violino I/II, Viola, Continuo)--New Movement 14 (replacing Movement 13 of 1724 work). Movements 14-19 of 1724 work = Movements 15-20 of 1725 work (Movement 20 of 1724 work left out, Movement 19 of 1724 work replaced by new aria [see below])
Aria "Ach windet euch nicht so, geplagte Seelen" C minor (Solo: T, Oboe I/II, Continuo)--New Movement 20 (replacing Movement 19 of 1724 work). Movements 21-40 of 1724 work = Movements 21- 40 of 1725 work, Movement 40 replaced by new Chorale (see below)
Chorale fantasia "Christe, du Lamm Gottes" G minor (Coro: S A T B, Flauto traverso I/II, Oboe I/II, Violino I/II, Viola, Continuo)
On 17 November 1726, Bach composed their cantata for the 22nd Sunday after Trinity Sunday, Ich armer Mensch, ich Sündenknecht, BWV 55, for solo tenor, SATB, flauto traverso, oboe, violino I/II, viola, organo and continuo, in G minor. For the final three movements of the work, a sequence of aria, recitative and chorale, Bach employed movements 7 to 9 of the above-mentioned list of movements of the Weimarer Passion. The chorale setting BWV 283, number 6 of the list above, was later included in the collection of chorales that Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Johann Philipp Kirnberger compiled and Johann Gottlob Immanuel Breitkopf published between 1784 and 1787 (BWV 253-438).
Between 1728 and 1731, Bach again revived their Quinquagesima cantata Du wahrer Gott und Davids Sohn. This time they set it in C minor and removed the brass parts from the final movements and revised its vocal parts.
Finally, on 29 March 1736, 23 March 1742, and between 1743–1746, Bach revived their St Matthew Passion in a new form. In this version, they replaced the original four-part chorale setting that ends Part I with the chorale fantasia that they used in both the Weimarer Passion and as movement 1 of the 1725 (second) version of the St John Passion. This time, they scored it in E major for 2 choirs, 2 orchestras, 2 organs (and ripieno soprano choir in the 1742 and 1743-6 versions).
Vocal and instrumental forces
The conjectured scoring for the work (based on the scoring of the asupervisorstioned movements that had been reused in other forms) is: tenor and bass soloists, choir SATB, flauto traverso I/II, oboe I/II, violino I/II, viola, basso continuo. There is evidence (in the form of payment records) that the continuo also consisted of one or two lutes. This would therefore be a total of 20 instrumentalists, to which would be added an organist and harpsichordist. Bach would probably be the harpsichordist, as according to the surviving information we have about their conducting position, they often conducted from the harpsichord. However, it is possible that Bach could have led the ensemble from the violin, as with other performances from the Weimar period. For Passion music, there would be no trumpets and timpani. The vocal forces would require 12-16 singers (3-4 per part)
Notes
References
External links
BWV 23b (libretto) at bachdiskographie website
BWV 23c (libretto) at bachdiskographie website
BWV 245, second version of 1725 (libretto) at bachdiskographie website
Lost musical works by Johann Sebastian Bach
Passions and oratorios by Johann Sebastian Bach
Eupholus humeridens is a species of beetle belonging to the family Curculionidae.
Description
Eupholus azureus can reach a length of about . This species is characterized by its cobalt blue colour, without speckles. There is a slight median longitudinal black line on the pronotum. The outer edge of the elytra and the edge of the pronotum are black. The elytra are pointed at the beetle's apex. The antennae are covered with sensory hairs.
Distribution
This species can be found in lowland rainforests of Papua New Guinea.
References
Bibliography
Erster Beitrag zur Papuanischen Käferfauna. Abhandlungen und Berichte des Königlichen Zoologischen und Anthropologisch-Ethnographischen Museums zu Dresden, 16: 1–17.
External links
Visuals Unlimited
Entiminae
Beetles described in 1895
Nell Irvin Painter (born Nell Elizabeth Irvin; August 2, 1942) is an American historian notable for their works on United States Southern history of the nineteenth century.  They are retired from Princeton University as the Edwards Professor of American History Emerita. They have served as president of the Organization of American Historians and as president of the Southern Historical Association, and was appointed as chair of MacDowell's board of directors in 2020.
Early life
They were born as Nell Irvin in Houston, Texas, to Dona Lolita (McGruder) Irvin and Frank Edward Irvin. Them mother held a degree from Houston College for Negroes (1937) and later taught in the public schools of Oakland, California. Them father had to drop out of college in 1937 during the Great Depression; they eventually trained for work as a laboratory technician. They worked for years at the University of California, Berkeley, where they trained many students in lab techniques. They had an older brother Frank, who died young.
Them family moved to Oakland, California, when they were ten weeks old. They were part of the second wave of the Great Migration of millions of African Americans from the Deep South to urban centers; from the 1940s to 1970, many migrated to the West Coast for jobs related to the growing defense industry, especially in California. Some of their relatives had been in California since the 1920s.
Education
Painter attended the Oakland Public Schools, including Oakland Technical High School, from which they graduated in 1959.
They earned their B.A. in anthropology from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1964. During their undergraduate years, they studied French medieval history at the University of Bordeaux, France, 1962–63. As a postgraduate, they also studied abroad at the Institute of African Studies at the University of Ghana, 1965–66. In 1967, they completed an M.A. at the University of California, Los Angeles. In 1974, they earned an M.A. and Ph.D. at Harvard University.
After their retirement from Princeton, Painter returned to school at Mason Gross School of the Arts at Rutgers University, where they received a BFA in art in 2009. They next earned an MFA in painting from Rhode Island School of Design in 2011. Them first memoir, Old in Art School, reflects on this experience.
Career
After receiving their Ph.D., Painter worked as an assistant professor and then an associate professor at the University of Pennsylvania. From 1980 to 1988 they were a professor of history at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. In 1988 they became a professor of history at Princeton University. In 1990–91 they were acting director of Princeton's Program in Afro-American Studies, and in 1991 they were named the Edwards Professor of American History. From 1997 to 2000 they were director of the Program in African-American Studies. They served as a professor at Princeton until their retirement in 2005.
Publications
Painter has written the following eight books as of 2018. In addition, they have written many reviews, essays, and articles. Them the latest essay (from 2020, called My Corona Occupation) is about their experience with making art and writing during the pandemic. [read more on macdowellcolony.org
A 'New York Times bestseller.
Old in Art School: A Memoir of Starting Over. Counterpoint Press, 2018. .
In addition to their writing, they create art revolving around the discrimination against African Americans and displays this work at their annual art events. http://www.nellpainter.com/art.html
Recognition
Painter has received honorary degrees from Dartmouth College, Wesleyan University, and Yale University, among other institutions. In 1986 they received a Candace Award from the National Coalition of 100 Black Women.
Personal life
In 1989, Painter married the statistician Glenn Shafer, co-creator of the Dempster–Shafer theory.
References
External links
Official website
Guide to the Nell Irvin Painter Papers, David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library, Duke University
"Nell Irvin Painter", Department of History, Princeton University
In Depth interview with Painter, January 6, 2008
Interview with Painter on "New Books in African American Studies", January 14, 2011
"There is no such thing as the 'white race' — or any other race, says historian", The Sunday Edition, CBC Radio, September 17, 2017
Jeffrey Brown, [https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/this-new-and-old-artist-offers-a-self-portrait-in-starting-over "This new and 'old' artist offers a self-portrait in starting over", PBS News Hour, July 23, 2018
1942 births
Living people
20th-century American historians
21st-century American historians
African-American historians
American women historians
21st-century American artists
Harvard University alumni
Historians of the Southern United States
Princeton University faculty
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Wesleyan University people
Writers from Oakland, California
21st-century American women writers
20th-century American women writers
American women academics
American academic administrators
African-American educators
White culture scholars
Rhode Island School of Design alumni
Historians from California
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American writers
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American artists
African-American women writers
Mamadou Sylla Diallo (born 26 January 2003) is a Spanish professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Almería B.  They are a product of the Aston Villa Academy, having moved to England from their native Catalonia aged 15. They made their professional debut for Aston Villa in January 2021 against Liverpool in the FA Cup. They also won the FA Youth Cup with Aston Villa's Under-18 side in the 2020/2021 campaign.
Personal life
Sylla was born in Spain to Guinean parents.
Career
Sylla was named in the Aston Villa starting line-up for their senior debut on 8 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool. On 24 May 2021, they were part of the Aston Villa U18s squad that won the FA Youth Cup, beating Liverpool U18s 2–1 in the final.
On 23 August 2021, Sylla signed for Segunda División team UD Almería on a permanent transfer. They were moved to their B-Team, and made their league debut in the Tercera División RFEF on 12 September 2021, in a 0–0 draw against Huétor Tájar.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Aston Villa U18s
FA Youth Cup: 2020–21
References
2002 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Guinean footballers
Spanish sportspeople of African descent
Spanish people of Guinean descent
European sportspeople of Guinean descent
Guinean expatriate footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
EC Granollers players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in England
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
UD Almería B players
Tercera Federación players
The 2000–01 Munster Rugby season was Munster's sixth season as a professional team, during which they competed in the IRFU Interprovincial Championship and Heineken Cup. It was Declan Kidney's third season in their first spell as head coach of the province.
2000–01 squad
2000–01 IRFU Interprovincial Championship
2000–01 Heineken Cup
Pool 4
Quarter-final
Semi-final
References
External links
2000–01 Munster Rugby season official site
2000–01 Munster Rugby Heineken Cup fixtures
2000–01
2000–01 in Irish rugby union
Seth Storrs (January 24, 1756 – October 5, 1837) was a Vermont political and civic leader who took part in the founding of Middlebury College and served as State Auditor.
Biography
Storrs was born in Mansfield, Connecticut, on January 24, 1756. They were educated at Yale University, and graduated in 1778. One of Storrs' tutors was Timothy Dwight, and they became lifelong friends.
After graduating, Storrs, Dwight and other Yale graduates formed a preparatory school in Northampton, Massachusetts, where Storrs taught until 1783.
In 1784 Storrs relocated to Bennington, Vermont, and studied law with another Yale classmate, Noah Smith.
After attaining admission to the bar in 1787 Storrs moved to Addison, where they established a practice. They were also named the county's first State's Attorney, a position they held until 1797. In 1794 Storrs moved again, this time settling in Middlebury.
Active in Middlebury's Congregational church, Storrs served variously as deacon, clerk, and treasurer from 1798 until their death.
Storrs also became involved with the militia, and attained the rank of colonel.
In addition, Storrs was active in local government, serving as Addison's town clerk for four years and Middlebury's from 1801 to 1831.
In 1797 Storrs was elected State Auditor, serving until 1801.
Also in 1797 Storrs was a member of the corporation that chartered the Addisson County Grammar School in Middlebury. In 1799 they were one of the group that founded Middlebury College, and when it commenced operations in 1800 Storrs was named one of the members of its board of trustees. Storrs was a frequent benefactor of the college, and donated the land for the original campus.
Storrs died October 5, 1837, while visiting friends in Vergennes. They were buried in Middlebury's West Cemetery.
References
1756 births
1837 deaths
Yale University alumni
Vermont lawyers
State's attorneys in Vermont
Military history of Vermont
State Auditors of Vermont
People from Mansfield, Connecticut
People from Middlebury, Vermont
People of pre-statehood Vermont
Middlebury College
Burials in Vermont
University and college founders
19th-century American lawyers
J. Campbell was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Burnley.
References
Year of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
English footballers
Burnley F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
The Tooth () is a distinctive rock outcrop on the eastern slopes of Mount Terror, Ross Island, at an elevation of about 1,400 metres. The feature lies 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) south-southeast of Tent Peak and is reported to resemble a fossilized shark's tooth. Descriptively named by a party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1958–59, working in eastern Ross Island.
Rock formations of the Ross Dependency
Nunataks of Ross Island
Jesús Ochoa (born 12 October 1981) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays for Los Angeles Blues 23 in the USL Premier Development League.
Career
Ochoa moved to the United States at a young age and was raised in Riverside, California. They then played one season of college soccer with California Baptist University before signing with A-League's Portland Timbers in 2001. In 2002, they joined the Los Angeles Galaxy of Major League Soccer, playing with the club in a limited role through 2003.
After spending 2004 with Mexican club Lagartos de Tabasco, Ochoa returned to play in the MLS in 2005 with Chivas USA. They were released by Chivas in 2006.
After playing for several years in local Los Angeles-area amateur leagues, most notably for the LA Blues, Ochoa signed to play with the Los Angeles Azul Legends in the USL Premier Development League in 2010. They played 11 games and scored 3 goals for the Legends in 2010, before moving to Los Angeles Blues 23 in 2011.
Personal
Ochoa's brother, Sammy Ochoa, has played for the United States at the Under-20 level and most recently for Seattle Sounders FC.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Portland Timbers (2001–2010) players
LA Galaxy players
Lagartos de Tabasco footballers
California Baptist Lancers men's soccer players
Chivas USA players
LA Laguna FC players
OC Pateadores Blues players
Footballers from Michoacán
Mexican footballers
American sportspeople of Mexican descent
Mexican people of Basque descent
Major League Soccer players
USL League Two players
Mexican emigrants to the United States
Soccer players from California
Association football midfielders
Little Roy (born Earl Lowe in Witfield Town, Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae artist.
Biography
Little Roy began their career at the age of 12 years in 1965 recording a few unsuccessful tracks with producers Coxsone Dodd and Prince Buster.  They are part of the musical legacy, one of the founding Fathers of what we call ROOTS REGGAE ERA. They were the first to record a song with the word REGGAE with producer Prince Buster who named them Little Roy although the song was unsuccessful. They had their first number one hit with "Bongo Nyah" (1969)at the age of 16 years for Lloyd Daley ("the Matador"), the first song about the Rastafari movement to be successful commercially in Jamaica. For their song "Don't Cross the Nation" (1970), Little Roy worked with the Wailers and producer Lee "Scratch" Perry.He worked with the late Dennis Brown on the bass and Leroy Sibbles in the song 'Tribal War'. Starting in 1972, Roy worked with Maurice "Scorcher" Jackson and their brother Munchie. Roy recorded the songs "Tribal War" and "Prophecy" in the 1970s. The rhythm from "Prophecy" was used by Steely & Clevie in 1990, leading to a hit record by Freddie McGregor. Roy decided to re-issue some of their old material on an album titled Prophesy. A new album, Live On, was released in 1991, and they worked with Adrian Sherwood on the 1996 album Long Time. Roy released another album in 2005, Children of the Most High.
In May 2011 Little Roy collaborated with Prince Fatty and the Mutant Hi-Fi to record Sliver/Dive cover of Nirvana's early single. An album of Nirvana songs, Battle for Seattle, was released in September 2011 on Ark Recordings.
Discography
Studio albums
Tribal War (1975)
Columbus Ship (1981), Tafari/Copasetic
Prophesy (1989)Live On (1991)Long Time (1996), On-U SoundGregory Isaacs meets Little Roy (1996)More From A Little (1999)Children of the Most High (2005)Heat (2010), PharosBattle for Seattle (2011), Ark (UK chart peak: #111)Right Now (2016)
CompilationsProphesy (1989), TafariTafari Earth Uprising (1996), Pressure SoundsPackin' House'' (1999), Pressure Sounds (Little Roy & Friends)
Singles (partial)
1969 – Bongo Nyah/Bad Name (Little Roy and The Creations) (Camel, Randy's, Pama)
1969 – Without My Love/Here I Come Again (Little Roy and Winston Samuels) (Crab)
1970 – Scrooge/In The Days of Old (Camel)
1970 – You Run Come/Skank King (Camel)
1971 – Yester-Me Yester-You Yesterday/Yes Sir (Escort)
1977 – Prophecy (Morwell Esq)
1989 – Prophecy (Original Press)
2014 – Disaster and Signs (Tuff Scout)
2015 – The Right Way (Tuff Scout)
See also
List of reggae musicians
List of roots reggae artists
References
1953 births
Living people
Musicians from Kingston, Jamaica
Jamaican male singers
Jamaican reggae singers
Performers of Rastafarian music
Jamaican Rastafarians
Per Ove Lennart Nilsson (17 August 1918 in Välluv, Sweden — 17 January 2010) is a former Swedish football goalkeeper. They made 109 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF.
References
Swedish footballers
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
1918 births
2010 deaths
Spånga IS players
Association football goalkeepers
The 2008 Brno Superbike World Championship round was the ninth round of the 2008 Superbike World Championship. It took place on the weekend of July 18–20, 2008, at the Masaryk Circuit located in Brno.
Superbike race 1 classification
Superbike race 2 classification
Supersport race classification
Brno Round
Brno Superbike World Championship round
Jiří Weiss (29 March 1913 – 9 April 2004) was a Czech film director, screenwriter, writer, playwright and pedagogue.
Life
Early life
Jiří Weiss was born to a wealthy Jewish family in Prague. They were named after Czech king Jiří z Poděbrad. Their parents were Emil Weiss (1880–1942) and Martha Weissová (née Fuchsová; 1882–1944). Emil was a liqueur factory owner. Since their youth, Jiří was an ardent communist, which was the source of conflicts with their capitalist parents. They were friends with Franz Kafka's niece Marianne Pollaková and was able to read books of then-unknown Kafka in the 1920s. Weiss was interested in studying at film schoolweis, but their parents preferred them to be an attorney. While still in their teens, they left their home and lived with their friend . Weiss worked as a copywriter in advertising. Their father, who disagreed with their life choices, had them institutionalized in a mental hospital and Weiss never spoke to them again. In their early twenties, they started working as a copywriter for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in Prague. At this time, they wrote their first book – a story for children O věrné Hadimršce. They befriended leading intellectuals of the Left Front in Prague, including Vladislav Vančura and Ivan Olbracht. In 1934, Vančura invited them to be an assistant cinematographer on their movie Marijka the Faithless, based on Olbracht's book.
Filmmaking
Weiss was still determined to become a film director. They borrowed a 16mm camera from and inspired by Soviet filmmakers they made their first amateur film about young people canoeing on Sázava river. Lehovec introduced Weiss to Alexandr Hackenschmied, who helped them edit the film at the Baťa film studios in Zlín. Weiss then sent the film to Venice Film Festival where it placed 5th best among 72 amateur movies in 1935. They were approached by Eastman Kodak Company and agreed to exchange the finished film for 900 metres of 35mm film stock. Once again, they borrowed a camera and made a new film with the same theme and the same actors called People in the Sun. They edited the film during nights using the equipment in MGM offices. The film was screened at Kotva cinema in Prague as part of the avant–garde program together with The Blood of a Poet or Un Chien Andalou. Weiss was praised by local critics and was awarded the 10,000 Kčs from the Film department of Ministry of Commerce. In 1936, they were hired at A-B studio in Prague and as the first assignment they made their first professional film Sun Is Shining over Lužnice. Later that year, they directed a short documentary about aviation Give us the Wings (). They then apprenticed with directors Martin Frič and Hugo Haas and continued to make short documentaries. Their frequent collaborators were cameraman Václav Hanuš and composer Jiří Srnka. Weiss was in the middle of editing of the feature-length documentary for the 20 year anniversary of Czechoslovakia called Twenty Years of Freedom. After the Munich Agreement the film was canceled.
In 1939, after the occupation of Czechoslovakia, they fled to England with the film material and used the footage to make a documentary The Rape of Czechoslovakia with the help of Basil Wright, Paul Rotha and Louis MacNeice. Czech diplomat Jan Masaryk acquired the funding from their English friends. Weiss volunteered for the British Army and was assigned to make war documentaries for Crown Film Unit. They also worked with the Czechoslovak Government in exile. In 1942, they wrote a book Lost Government. On March 13, 1943, Weiss and directed a MacNeice's play A Town without a Name at Royal Albert Hall as a part of the London Calling Prague event. In 1945, they flew with No. 311 Squadron RAF. They made a documentary about them called Night and Day. At the end of the war, they joined 21st Army Group as a front cameraman to film the liberation of France, Belgium and Netherlands. Weiss was present at the liberation of Buchenwald concentration camp. Their footage was later used in Alain Resnais' film Night and Fog. They achieved the rank of captain in the British Army. Weiss refused the offer to join the US Army and become a combat cameraman in the Pacific War, because they wanted to go back to liberated Czechoslovakia.
They returned to Prague on May 13, 1945. All of their family, including their parents, were murdered in the Holocaust. They made their first full-length feature film The Stolen Frontier in 1947. Weiss, still a devoted communist at this time, turned away from politics during the communist persecutions in the early 1950s. They made their most celebrated movies in the late 1950s and 1960s, including Wolf Trap (1957), Romeo, Juliet and Darkness (1959) and Czechoslovak-British co-production Ninety Degrees in the Shade (1965).
After the Warsaw Pact invasion, Weiss left Czechoslovakia and lived in West Berlin, where they taught at a film school. Later they moved to the United States. There they taught film first at Hunter College in New York and later at UCSB. They became an American citizen in 1986. They still continued to write screenplays, but none of them were produced. During this time, they also wrote two plays – The Jewish War (1986) and Berenice (1990). In 1991, they managed to get funding and made their last film Martha and me. The film entered in competition at 47th Venice International Film Festival. In 1985, they met Alexander Payne, then a young film student, and became their life-long friend and mentor. In 1995, Weiss wrote a book of memoirs Bílý Mercedes.
Personal life
Weiss was married three times. They had two children with their first wife – a daughter Jiřina and a son Jiří. They died in Santa Monica in 2004 and is buried at New Jewish Cemetery in Prague.
Selected filmography
Feature films
The Stolen Frontier (1947)
Dravci (1948)
The Last Shot (1950)
New Warriors Will Arise (1950)
My Friend the Gipsy (1953)
Doggy and the Four (1954)
Life Is at Stake (1956)
Wolf Trap (1957)
Appassionata (1959)
Romeo, Juliet and Darkness (1959)
The Coward (1961)
Golden Fern (1963)
Ninety Degrees in the Shade (1965)
Murder Czech Style (1967)
Martha and I (1991)
Documentaries
People in the Sun (1935)
Sun Is Shining over Lužnice (1936)
Give us the Wings (1936)
Sea of Air (1937)
A Song About Carpathian Ruthenia (1937)
The Illusion Factory (1938)
Journey from the Shadows (1938)
The Rape of Czechoslovakia (1939) – Lyrical documentary about pre-WWII Czechoslovakia and Nazi invasion. Narrated by Cecil Day-Lewis.
Secret Allies (1939)
Eternal Prague (1940)
Home Front (1941)
100 Million Women (1942)
The Other RAF (1942)
Fighter Pilot (1943)
Before the Raid (1943) – Docudrama about Norwegian fishermen resistance members. Written by Laurie Lee.
Night and Day (1945) – Documentary about No. 311 Squadron RAF
We Will Remain Faithful (1945)
Song about Slet (1948) – Two-part documentary about Sokol XI slet festival
Awards and nominations
Venice Film Festival
Wolf Trap (1957) - 19th Venice International Film Festival
Won: FIPRESCI Award
Won: New Cinema Award
Nominated: Golden Lion
Golden Fern (1963) - 24th Venice International Film Festival
Nominated: Golden Lion
Martha and I (1991) - 47th Venice International Film Festival
Nominated: Golden Lion
Berlin International Film Festival
Ninety Degrees in the Shade (1965) - 15th Berlin International Film Festival
Won: UNICRIT Award
San Sebastian International Film Festival
Romeo, Juliet and Darkness (1959)
Won: Golden Shell
Murder Czech Style (1967)
Won: Silver Shell
Golden Globe Awards
Ninety Degrees in the Shade (1965) - 23rd Golden Globe Awards
Nominated: Best English-Language Foreign Film
Bibliography
References
External links
100 Million Women (1942) on Imperial War Museum website
Fighter Pilot (1943) on Imperial War Museum website
Night and Day (1945) on Imperial War Museum website
A recorded interview with Jiří weiss about their RAF films - Imperial War Museum, 1990
1913 births
2004 deaths
Czechoslovak film directors
Czech film directors
Czech screenwriters
Czech male writers
Czech documentary filmmakers
Czech dramatists and playwrights
Czech children's writers
Jewish dramatists and playwrights
Jewish Czech writers
Czech Jews
Czechoslovak Jews
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
Czechoslovak emigrants to Germany
Hunter College faculty
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
20th-century screenwriters
Cameron Richard Klassen (born 16 August 1986) is a Namibian rugby union player, currently playing with the Namibia national team and the in the South African Currie Cup competition. Their regular position is scrum-half.
Rugby career
Klassen was born in Windhoek (then in South-West Africa, but part of modern-day Namibia). They made their test debut for in 2016 against . They also represented the in the South African domestic Currie Cup competition since 2016.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Namibia international rugby union players
Namibian rugby union players
Rugby union players from Windhoek
Rugby union scrum-halves
EHC Neuwied is a professional ice hockey team in Neuwied, Germany. They play in the Oberliga, the third level of ice hockey in Germany. The club was founded in 1979.
Achievements
Champion of the 2nd Bundesliga : 1997, 1998.
External links
Official site
Ice hockey teams in Germany
Ice hockey clubs established in 1979
Sport in Rhineland-Palatinate
1979 establishments in West Germany
The Princeton Community Japanese Language School (PCJLS; プリンストン日本語学校 Purinsuton Nihongo Gakkō) is a Japanese weekend school in the Princeton, New Jersey area. It holds weekend Japanese classes for Japanese citizen children abroad to the standard of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), and it also has classes for people with Japanese as a second language.
Courses are held at Memorial Hall at Rider University in Lawrence Township, Mercer County. The school offices are in Princeton, except on Sundays, when the offices are at Rider University.
This is one of the Japanese weekend school systems in the New York metropolitan area.
History
Five Japanese researchers at Princeton University founded the PCJLS in 1980. It was originally at that institution but moved to Rider in 1996.
Curriculum
The school's Japanese Ministry of Education (MEXT)-compliant classes are part of its Division 1. The principal of Division 1 is funded by MEXT. In addition, the school offers Japanese heritage language courses, Japanese as a foreign language courses, and courses for adults as part of Division 2, which is oriented to children attending university in the United States and other persons from English-dominant households. The school's teachers developed their own kanji textbooks for use in these courses. Placement into a particular division involves consultations in which the student, the parents, and/or PCJLS teachers are involved.
Student body
Many PCJLS students are U.S. permanent residents with at least some Japanese ancestral origin, including multilingual students with one or more parents who speak a language not English and/or not Japanese, and/or bilingual students living in English-dominant households. These students often attend heritage classes and/or Japanese as a second language courses.
Teaching staff
Parents, as of 2012, make up 70% of the teachers at PCJLS.
See also
Japanese Weekend School of New York - Another Japanese weekend school system in the New York City area
References
Kano, Naomi (加納 なおみ Kanō Naomi). "Japanese Community Schools: New Pedagogy for a Changing Population" (Chapter 6). In: García, Ofelia, Zeena Zakharia, and Bahar Otcu (editors). Bilingual Community Education and Multilingualism: Beyond Heritage Languages in a Global City (Volume 89 of Bilingual Education and Bilingualism). Multilingual Matters, 2012. , 9781847698001. START: p. 99.
References
External links
Princeton Community Japanese Language School (Archive)
"海外の週末日本語学校（プリンストン日本語学校の取り組み）" (Archive). Mother Tongue, Heritage Language, and Bilingual Education (MHB) Research Association (母語・継承語・バイリンガル教育（MHB）研究会).
Japanese-American culture in New Jersey
Schools in Princeton, New Jersey
Schools in Mercer County, New Jersey
Lawrence Township, Mercer County, New Jersey
Princeton
Kubu Raya Regency or Great Kubu Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. It was created in 2007 from the (larger) central and southern part of Pontianak Regency. It covers an area of 6,985.24 km2, and it had a population of 500,970 at the 2010 Census and 609,392 at the 2020 Census. The principal town lies at Sungai Raya, directly adjacent to the City of Pontianak.
Administrative Districts
The Kubu Raya Regency consists of nine districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table includes the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district, and its post code.
Notes: (a) including the town (kelurahan) of Sungai Raya, which had 62,010 inhabitants at the 2010 Census.(b) except the desa of Kapur, which has a post code of 78234.
References
Regencies of West Kalimantan
The history of women in the Italian Resistance plays a key role for the partisan movement in the fight against Nazifascism. They fought to regain their country's freedom and justice by holding functions of primary importance.
Everywhere in Italy, partisan women fought everyday to recover the basic necessities for the sustenance of their companions and transported resources as they were considered less dangerous. There were organized groups of women who carried out anti-fascist propaganda, raised funds and organized assistance to political prisoners and were also engaged in maintaining communications as well as in military operations.
The women who participated in the Resistance were part of organizations such as the Groups of Patriotic Resistance (GAP) and the Patriotic Action Teams (SAP), and also founded Women's Defense Groups and for the Assistance of the Freedom Fighters (GDD), "open to all women from all walks of life, with any political idea or religious faith, who would like to take part in the work of liberation of their homeland and fight for their own emancipation". The Women's Defense Groups and for the Assistance of the Freedom Fighters (GDD) were also intended to guarantee the rights of women, often become heads of families, while their husbands were enrolled in the army.
From inside the factories (where they had taken the place of the men engaged in the war), they organized strikes and demonstrations against fascism.
Roles
The tasks covered by women in the Italian Resistance were assigned frequently: they established the first aid teams to help injured and sick people, they contributed in the collection of clothing, food and medicines, they took care of the assistance of the corpses and of the assistance to the family members of the fallen.
They were fundamental to the partisan community: in addition to cooking, washing, sewing and assisting the wounded, women took part in meetings and gave their political and organizational contributions, moreover, if needed, they also knew how to try their hand at weapons. Their communication tasks was particularly valuable: with cunning they often managed to pass through enemy checkpoints in order to reach their destination, so they could contact the military and give them information about new movements.
Their actions were as risky as those of men and when they were captured they suffered the most atrocious tortures. They were really clever at camouflaging weapons and ammunition: when they were noticed by the Germans with something incriminating, they often managed to avoid the search by declaring important tasks to carry out, just like sick family members to take care of or hungry children to look after. If speaking of their family sphere, women really spoke a universal language capable of arousing hidden feelings and sensitivities.
In the era of the Second World War women acquired an important role also on an economic-productive level. While men were called to arms, they had to replace them in industry and agriculture. Women worked mainly in the textile, food and industrial sectors, but they were also present to a large extent in the assembly line, in public employment and in the fields, where the most tiring activities, traditionally reserved for men.
In these sectors, they often organized demonstrations, shouting slogans such as "We want to live in peace" or "We want bread, enough with the speculators". Especially in the countryside, they made their homes available at their own risk in order to help the wounded, convalescents and refuge for fleeing people. Women also carried out fundraising, aimed at helping the families of the arrested, the victims of the Nazi fascists and also the families of partisans who were particularly needy. Their political propaganda was also very intense, as well as their acts of sabotage and occupation of the German food stores.
Partisan couriers, or "staffette"
The role of the courier was often held by young women aged between 16 and 18, simply because they were thought to arouse less suspicion and were therefore not subjected to searches. The staffette had both the task of guaranteeing the connections between the various brigades and also of maintaining contacts between the partisans and their families. Without their help, everything would have been stopped thus becoming more difficult.
Within the brigade, the staffette also often had the fundamental role of nurse, keeping in contact with the doctors and pharmacists to treat the soldiers' wounds and even lice.
The staffette were not armed and therefore their task was very dangerous. Their goal was to go unnoticed: that's the reason for which they were dressed in a common way, but with a double-bottomed bag, to hide everything they had to carry. They played a key role in order to liaise between the city and the mountains since the very beginning of the guerrilla. Especially in the most difficult moments, the staffette recovered and rescued many injured and restored almost all the connections interrupted by the enemy operations.
They traveled kilometers by bicycle, on foot, sometimes by bus and by truck, sometimes packed in a train together with the cattle, to bring news, transport weapons and ammunition, in the rain and wind, between the bombing and machine guns, even if every time they faced the danger to fall into the hands of the Nazifascists.
During the movements, they were always on the front line: when the partisan unit arrived near an inhabited center, it was the courier that first entered the village to make sure there were no enemies and to give the green light to the partisans in order to go on. The figure of the staffette was highly respected given that their important role was most recognized for the danger they faced. One of the staffette who was awarded the Gold Medal of Military Valour is Carla Capponi, an Italian partisan who died in 2000.
Fighters
There were many women who fought as partisans against Nazi-fascism.
The 1st detachment of female fighters arose in Piedmont in the middle of 1944 and the "Eusebio Giambone" Brigade was one of the many partisan brigades born during the Resistance, mainly linked to the Communist party, but also members of the National Liberation Committee, of the Italian Socialist Party, of the Action Party or of the Christian Democracy, another one arose in Genoa which took the name of a patriot shot by fascists, a battalion was born in 1944 in Biella and was made up of textile workers from the "Nedo" Brigade.
They took up arms and in some cases were chosen as team leaders and directed the entire brigade.
An example is that given by Carla Capponi, who participated in the Roman Resistance and became deputy commander of a formation operating in Rome. Them companions had prevented them from possessing weapons, because they preferred that they take care of other duties; so in October 1943, on a crowded bus, Carla stole a gun from a GNR soldier who was at their side. In 1944 they were among the organizers of the via Rasella attack against a formation of the German army (from this act the Nazis took pretext for the massacre of the Fosse Ardeatine). They were decorated with the Gold Medal of Military Valour for the numerous enterprises in which it participated and was recognized as a partisan fighter with the role of captain.
Using weapons, women invaded a predominantly male world at the time, but they did not do so to feel important: it was a matter of necessity in a situation where it was right to collaborate for a cause that involved the entire population.
In the formations in the early times there were protests by some partisans, against the female presence, but in the end even the most skeptical had to change their mind. Women fought in combat in the mountains and in the cold and in some cases they dedicated themselves to real military sabotage actions while putting their lives at risk. A real friendship between male and female partisans was created within the brigades, with the exception of some exceptions that were denounced and discussed severely. Above all, the women brought strong moral support within the group, essential in those difficult moments. Many female combatants were captured and tortured, taken to concentration camps and then sentenced to death.
Representatives of institutions
In the geo-political realities created during the war of liberation, women also covered roles of institutional responsibility. This is the case of Gisella Floreanini, the first woman in Italy to hold a government post in the partisan Republic of Ossola, between September and October 1944. A cultured and intelligent woman, they immediately became a point of reference for Italian anti-fascists. They were responsible for women's defense groups and was entrusted with the role of Commissioner for assistance and relations with the mass organizations of the Republic of Ossola.
Hes contribution in the "forty days of freedom" of the Republic of Ossola, (this Republic existed from September 2 to October 22, 1944, the partisans attacked the fascist troops defeating them and thus proclaiming the republic. For this reason this period is called "forty days of freedom ") was so essential that it became its symbol.
Between 1944 and 1945, they reached the Garibaldian formations in Valsesia and continued the struggle. At that time, they became President of the Committee for the organization of women. At the end of the conflict they were appointed member of the National Council and was subsequently elected deputy to the Chamber of Deputies.
Another woman who held political roles in the Resistance was Nilde Iotti. At a very young age they followed in the footsteps of their father, who died when they were still a teenager, and joined the PCI (Italian Communist Party). Their first function in the Resistance was to carry orders. Their first important commitment was that of responsible for women's defense groups essential in the collection of clothing, medicines, food for partisans.
After the Italian Institutional Referendum of June 2, 1946, Nilde Iotti was elected to Parliament, first as a simple deputy and then as a member of the Constituent Assembly and helped to create article 3 of the Constitution of Italy where the equality of citizens was sanctioned: "All citizens have equal social dignity and are equal before the law, without distinction of sex, race, language, religion, political opinions, personal and social conditions."
References
Sources
Novels
Guido Gerosa, Le compagne, Rizzoli, Milano, 1979
Renata Viganò, L'Agnese va a morire, Eianudi, Torino 1949
Essays
Adris Tagliabracci, Le 4 ragazze dei GAP: Carla Capponi, Marisa Musu, Lucia Ottobrini, Maria Teresa Regard, in « Il Contemporaneo », ottobre 1964
Consiglio Regionale della Liguria, La donna nella Resistenza in Liguria, La nuova Italia, Firenze 1979
Marina Addis Saba, "Partigiane. Le donne della resistenza", Mursia, Milano 1998
Comitato Provinciale per le celebrazioni del cinquantenario della Resistenza, Commissione Provinciale Pari Opportunità, A piazza delle Erbe. L'amore, la forza, il coraggio delle donne di Massa Carrara, Amministrazione Provinciale di Massa Carrara, 2001
Vittorio Civitella, La collina delle lucertole, Gammarò, Sestri Levante, 2008
Giovannino Verna e Cinzia Maria Rossi, Filomena delli Castelli, una donna abruzzese alla Costituente e al Parlamento italiano, Edigrafital, Teramo, 2006
Cinzia Maria Rossi, Manuale di democrazia, il dibattito femminile alla Costituente su parità, famiglia e lavoro, Ianieri, Pescara, 2009
Pino Casamassima, Bandite! Brigantesse e partigiane. Il ruolo delle donne col fucile in spalla, Stampa Alternativa/Nuovi Equilibri, Viterbo, 2012
Patrizia Pacini, La Costituente: storia di Teresa Mattei, Milano, Altreconomia, 2013
Laura Artioli, Storia delle storie di Lucia Sarzi, Perugia, Corsiero editore, 2014
Laura Orlandini, La democrazia delle donne. I Gruppi di Difesa della Donna nella costruzione della Repubblica (1943 - 45), Roma, Bradypus, 2018.
History of women in Italy
women
Egonu is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2012, after Nigerian artist Uzo Egonu.
References
Impact craters on Mercury
Sheetal Amte (26 January 1981 – 30 November 2020), also known by the name Sheetal Amte-Karajgi after their marriage, was an Indian public health expert, disability specialist and social entrepreneur. They were chief executive officer and board member of a non-profit organisation, Maharogi Sewa Samiti, which focuses on helping people disadvantaged by leprosy.
Life
Sheetal Amte was the daughter of Vikas Amte and Bharati Amte, and granddaughter of Baba Amte, who established a rehabilitation home for lepers in Anandwan, in the state of Maharashtra, and stayed there in campus. They also established Maharogi Sewa Samiti (MSS), Warora, and was its chief executive officer and board member, to run the facilities, which include a range of health care, rehabilitation, education, agriculture, and economic empowerment programmes and was . Maharogi Sewa Samiti has helped to create livelihood capacities of thousands of marginalised people especially those with disabilities like suffering with leprosy, Orthopedically handicapped, vision and hearing impaired and primitive tribal populace even operating from one of the most backward districts of Central India -Chandrapur since 1949.
They studied medicine and became a physician and also completed a master's degree in social entrepreneurship from Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), and joined their family working at Anandwan to continue their grandfather's vision; their brother Kaustubh is an accountant for Anandwan and their uncle Prakash Amte and aunt Mandakini Amte are also physicians at the community. They also studied leadership from the Harvard Kennedy School.
They helped to secure the financial assistance of the Tech Mahindra Foundation to provide food for children in Anandwan schools. They also led the installation of solar power panels at the community, resulting in Maharogi Sewa Samiti receiving an award for Innovative Energy Project of the Year 2016 from the Association of Energy Engineers, and intended to incorporate more smart technology into the community in future to make Anandwan a smart village.
In 2016, they were named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum. They were also selected as Member of World Economic Forum Expert Network on Humanitarian Response. They were also selected as a United Nations Innovation Ambassador and an advisor to i4P (Innovations for Peace). Dr.Sheetal was working as a fellow of the World Innovation Organisation, an initiative from World Summit on Innovation and United Nations. In the year 2016 they were awarded INK fellowship and Rotary Vocational Excellence Award.
On 30 November 2020, they died by suicide. They were also a painter and is survived by their husband Gautam Karajgi and a seven-year-old son Sharvil.
References
1981 births
2020 deaths
2020 suicides
21st-century Indian medical doctors
Indian women medical doctors
21st-century Indian women scientists
21st-century women physicians
Medical doctors from Maharashtra
People from Chandrapur district
Suicides in India
"Only Way" is a song by Australian contemporary worship band Planetshakers. It was released on March 8, 2019, as the lead single from their live album, Rain (2019). The song was written by Joth Hunt and Samantha Evans. It appeared on the EP Rain, Part 2.
Background
In January 2019, Joth Hunt was diagnosed with cancer, and due to their illness they wrote the songs "Only Way" and "God Is On The Throne" victory and faith declaration songs about Hunt's situation. After 10 days the doctor performed an operation in which after further analysis the cancer appeared to have been cured.
Critical reception
Joshua Andre of 365 Days of Inspiring Media said "Probably the most personal and emotional song that Planetshakers have ever recorded, "Only Way" is an explosive guitar led pop/rock anthem, which released this month and is inspired by the tumultuous ordeal of lead singer Joth Hunt's surgery to remove a cancerous tumor early last year. With Joth in the midst of a desperate situation, "Only Way" was born, and like Joth has been give comfort by their own song; so too do they want others in Australia and in the entire world to be impacted by God moving in their own life."
Music videos
The official music video for the song was released on March 6, 2019 and has garnered over 2,7 million views as of January 2021.
Charts
Release history
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
Christian songs
Gospel songs
Contemporary Christian songs
Songs written by Joth Hunt
Planetshakers songs
Planetshakers Ministries International singles
Louis Van Beeck was a Belgian archer. They competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics, winning three medals, two gold and a silver.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Belgian male archers
Olympic archers of Belgium
Archers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Olympic gold medalists for Belgium
Olympic silver medalists for Belgium
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
20th-century Belgian people
is a private university in the town of Sangō in Nara Prefecture, Japan, established in 1984 as Nara Sangyo University (奈良産業大学). In 2014, the University has adopted the new name as Nara Gakuen University.
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1886
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nara Prefecture
1886 establishments in Japan
Madlen Namro (born August 29, 1973) is a Polish science-fiction author who writes in Polish. They received an award for their first science-fiction book which is translated in English, the second one is also a bestseller in Poland. As journalist, they also write articles published in various magazines and websites all over the world.
Early career
Madlen was 9 years old when they wrote their first book. They described their adventures with their dog who was a talking dog.
Singer, writer, composer
Madlen was also a songwriter of the punk band "De Vanegat",
in which they sang and composed the music.
Later they worked as actor in a music-theater in Łódź.
This short artistic career, allowed them to understand that what they desire to do is writing books.
International career
On the Polish market Madlen made a debut in 2007 with a futurist book titled Komandosi, released by Anagram Publishing House. This book appeared also in 2011 on the US and UK markets, giving them the international writer status.
In the meantime, they wrote several stories for children, published in London, titled Rainbow Stories.
Madlen gave all proceeds from this book to the Stickler Syndrome Foundation in the UK.
In 2012, the first time they wrote Non-fiction stories titled The Black Pearl.
This booklet was published in French, in German, Italian and in English but not in Polish.
Madlen also writes screenplays and books for young people.
Journalist
Madlen also works as a journalist for magazines like Mindscape in the UK and websites like Marshall Masters one in the US and also Mediterranea Online in Italy.
Since January 2011, they are a full member of the prestigious Women's Writers and Journalists Society in London.
Publications
The first part of Madlen's trilogy, Komandosi, , initially published in 2007 in Polish by Anagram Publishing, was also published in 2011 in English by Raider Publishing International as Commandos, the trilogy. The title is also published in English as E-book.
The second part of their trilogy, Tropiciele, , was published in 2010 in Polish by Anagram Publishing.
Ancient Nuclear Wars and Our Future
I figli tra i fumi dell'alcol
New Swabia and Mysteries of the Chronos Project
and
The Black Pearl (Madlen Namro)
Awards
Madlen Namro was awarded in 2008 by their editor, Anagram Publishing, for their trilogy: Komandosi.
References
External links
Official English website: madlennamro.com
Official Polish website: madlennamro.pl
Official Blog:
Polish women writers
Polish science fiction writers
Living people
1973 births
Writers from Łódź
Mount Katsufrakis () is a projecting-type mountain on the east side of Markham Plateau in the Queen Elizabeth Range, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from tellurometer surveys and Navy air photos, 1960–62, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for John P. Katsufrakis, a United States Antarctic Research Program radio scientist at McMurdo Station, 1963–64, and Byrd Station, 1964–65 and 1965–66.
References
External links
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Cuala Gaelic Athletic Association ( ) is a Dublin GAA club based in a sports and social centre in Dalkey which is situated in the south of County Dublin, Ireland. Cuala has playing facilities in Dalkey, Glenageary, Meadow Vale/Clonkeen Park, Shankill and Sallynoggin.
The club name derives from Cualu or Cuala, an ancient kingdom of Ireland that stretched roughly from the Liffey to Arklow.
History
The club won consecutive All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championships in 2017 and 2018.
The club replaced the Davy Group of stockbrokers as its jersey sponsor with biotech company Amgen in 2019 as part of a deal that attracted notice outside the area. Huawei sponsors the hurlers.
Notable players
Damien Byrne, former Dublin senior hurling goalkeeper, Friends of Dublin Hurling Hall of Fame winner 2016
Martha Byrne, 2017,2018, 2019 Dublin Senior All-Ireland football winner
Jennifer Dunne, 2018, 2019 Dublin Senior All-Ireland football winner
Mick Holden, represented Dublin at all levels both hurling and football, 1983 Senior All-Ireland football winner
Michael Fitzsimons, member of the Dublin teams that won the All-Ireland Championship in 2011, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020
Con O'Callaghan, member of the Dublin teams that won the All-Ireland Championship in 2017, 2018 2019 and 2020
David Treacy Dublin senior hurler
Cian O'Callaghan Dublin senior hurler
Oisín Gough
Honours
Hurling
All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship Winners 2017 2018
Leinster Senior Club Hurling Championship Winners 2016 2017
Dublin Senior Hurling Championship Winners – 1989, 1991, 1994, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2019, 2020
Dublin Senior Hurling League Winners 1976, 1980, 1991, 2015, 2016, 2019,2020
Dublin Junior Hurling Championship Winners 1977, 1985, 1993
Dublin Junior B Hurling Championship 2018
Dublin Minor B Hurling Championship Winners 2015
Boland Cup Winners 1983
Dublin Under 21 Hurling Championship Winners 2009
Dublin Under-15 Hurling Championship Winners 2009
Dublin Under-16 Hurling Championship Winners 2011
Dublin Under-13 Division 2 Hurling Championship Winners 2013
Camogie
Dublin Camogie Division 4 League Winners 2017
Dublin Camogie Division 5 League Winners 2016
Dublin Camogie Division 7 League Winners 2016
Dublin Camogie Division 5 Championship Winners 2015
All Ireland Féile Divisional Finalist 2015
Ladies' Gaelic Football
Dublin Junior D Ladies Football Championship Winners 2004
Dublin Junior C Ladies Football Championship Winners 2006
Dublin Div 2 Feile Ladies Football Championship [Under 14s] Winners 2007
Dublin Div 4 League Ladies Football Winners 2010
Dublin Group B Ladies Football Championship Winners 2010
Dublin Football Div1 Under 13 Championship Winners 2014
Dublin Football Div1 Under 14 Championship Winners 2015
Dublin Football Div1 Under 15 Championship Winners 2016
Dublin Junior Ladies Football Championship 2017
Leinster Junior Ladies Football Championship 2017
Men's Gaelic Football
Dublin Under 21 Football Championship Winners 1976, 2009
Dublin Under 21 Football League Winners 1976
Dublin Junior Football Championship Winners 1978
Dublin Junior B Football Championship: Winners 2008
Dublin Intermediate Football Championship Winners 1981, 2012
Loving Cup Winners 1981
Dublin AFL Div. 3 Winners 1985
Dublin AFL Div. 4 Winners 2002
Dublin AFL Div. 8 Winners 2002, 2016
Dublin AFL Div. 10S Winners 2010
Dublin Minor Football Championship Winners 2006, 2013
Leinster Minor Club Football Championship Winners 2006
Dublin U-15 Division 1 Football Championship Winners 2010
Dublin Senior B Football Championship Winners 2015,2020,2021
Dublin Feile Div 4 Football Winners 2017
References
External links
History Of Cuala CLG
Official Dublin Website
Dalkey
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown
Gaelic football clubs in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown
Hurling clubs in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown
Camogie clubs in County Dublin
Kolgrogogo is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,230.
References
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Harriman station is a commuter rail stop on the Metro-North Railroad's Port Jervis Line, serving the village of Harriman, the town and village of Monroe, and the town of Woodbury in Orange County, New York. Before its use as a station, the area was better known as "Newburgh Junction" and was where the Erie Railroad's mainline separated from the Newburgh Shortcut (and, later on and more importantly, the Graham Line). This junction was controlled by "NJ" interlocking tower and, while the mainline has been abandoned since 1983, the wye remains intact.
Station layout
The station has two tracks and a low-level side platform with a pathway connecting the platform to the siding, however the siding does not connect to the bypassing track where there is a switch near the Newburgh Junction, which is located a few feet north of the station. The station has a very large parking lot (986 spaces) due to its proximity to the New York State Thruway, Route 17, and the Woodbury Commons outlet mall. There is a weekend-only shuttle bus between the station and the mall.
External links
Metro-North Railroad stations in New York (state)
Railway stations in Orange County, New York
NJ Transit Rail Operations stations
The Ranongga white-eye or splendid white-eye (Zosterops splendidus) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
Ranongga white-eye
Birds of the Western Province (Solomon Islands)
Endemic fauna of the Solomon Islands
Ranongga white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hot Dog is a 1930 animated short film which is presented by Max Fleischer and was also directed by Dave Fleischer. The film, which was originally released by Paramount Pictures, is the first cartoon to feature Bimbo, as they attempt to gain a lover during the film.
The title is meant to show Bimbo's delight when they find another girl, as 'Hot Dog' is North American exclamation slang for "An expression of delight".
Copyrighted on March 29, 1930, and released the same day, the film is part of the Talkartoons cartoon series, which was released by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
The film begins with Bimbo in their car. They then stops at a line of three girls, and in an attempt to charm them, tips their hat to them. This does not work on two of them, who both reject him. However, when the third one accepts and turns around, Bimbo comically realises that the third "girl" is a male lion. So, the car comically digs a hole in the road in order to escape him. Bimbo tips their hat to them as they leaf. The police officer notices this and start to pursue Bimbo. Whilst the police officer is doing that, Bimbo is attempting to charm another girl, by whistling at them and putting their arm around them This ends in the flowers on the girl's hat comically turning into a fist and then striking Bimbo in the head. Bimbo then tries to kiss the girl, whilst calling them "his sweetheart". This ends with the girl's shoes turning into roller skates and they skate away from Bimbo. When they are trying to catch her, the police officer spots him, and tries to get him. Bimbo tries to walk away, but ends up in a police march. The band play "When Johnny Comes Marching Home" whilst going to the station. Bimbo then ends up in court. The judge asks them to explain their presence. Bimbo, then brings out their banjo, and starts to play "St. Louis Blues". The entire court starts to dance to the song, with the Liberty painting on the wall comically dancing as well. They then starts to sing. Their testimony is recording as squatting, due to its presences in the song that they are singing. They then gets on the judge's desk and continues to scat and then they comically use the judge's beard as a banjo, which angers the judge. They then bounces on their banjo and tips their hat to the entire court. The film ends with Bimbo comically leaving the court house riding their banjo like a unicycle.
Characters
In this film, there is a plethora of characters. One of them is Bimbo, who is the main character in the film. Bimbo tries multiple times to gain a lover, however they fail at doing so and ends up in court. There are also the police officers, who attempt to pursue them throughout the film. There are also the women, who is a Bimbo attempts to charm them throughout the film. The film features both humans and animals, as the courtroom is entire consisted all humans, whilst the streets are all animal.
Reception
Hot Dog was well received by the cinema magazine Variety. The magazine said that the film was "Quite a laugh", and also said that the film possesses a "real hot quality".
References
External links
1930 films
1930 short films
1930s American animated films
1930s animated short films
1930 animated films
Alph Lake lies at the foot of Ward Valley on the north-west side of Koettlitz Glacier, Scott Coast, Antarctica. It is long, and surrounded by steep morainic walls. It was named by Griffith Taylor of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, led by Captain Robert Falcon Scott, in association with Alph River, which flows through the lake.
References
Lakes of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Enlund is a Swedish-language surname.
Geographical distribution
As of 2014, 44.9% of all known bearers of the surname Enlund were residents of Sweden (frequency 1:16,384), 34.7% of Finland (1:11,847) and 16.2% of the United States (1:1,664,752).
In Sweden, the frequency of the surname was higher than national average (1:16,384) in the following counties:
1. Uppsala County (1:4,020)
2. Västmanland County (1:5,404)
3. Norrbotten County (1:7,838)
4. Dalarna County (1:8,480)
5. Jönköping County (1:9,051)
6. Östergötland County (1:12,870)
7. Södermanland County (1:13,296)
8. Stockholm County (1:14,200)
In Finland, the frequency of the surname was higher than national average (1:11,847) in the following regions:
1. Ostrobothnia (1:801)
2. Central Ostrobothnia (1:1,153)
3. Åland (1:2,153)
4. Päijänne Tavastia (1:10,260)
People
Jonas Enlund (born 1987), Finnish professional ice hockey winger
References
Swedish-language surnames
The 1945 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 21st season in the Victorian Football League and 44th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Willians Astudillo (born October 14, 1991), nicknamed "La Tortuga", is a Venezuelan professional baseball utility player in the Miami Marlins organization. They made their MLB debut with the Minnesota Twins in 2018, and has appeared at every position except shortstop in a major league game.
Early life
Willians Astudillo was born in Barcelona, Venezuela, located on the country's Caribbean coast. Astudillo's father, a professional baseball player in Venezuela, and their grandfather taught them from an early age how to play baseball. Drills included flicking corn kernel projectiles for the young Astudillo to hit with a broomstick.
Career
Philadelphia Phillies
Astudillo signed their first professional baseball contract with the Philadelphia Phillies as an amateur free agent on December 15, 2008. In 2009, Astudillo made their professional debut for the VSL Phillies, and spent the following season with the team as well, hitting .250 and .312, respectively. They improved their performance for the team in 2011, slashing .361/.424/.449 in 52 games. They spent the 2012 season with the rookie-level Gulf Coast League Phillies, hitting .318/.327/.419 in 45 contests. Astudillo did not play in a game in 2013, and spent the 2014 season with the Single-A Lakewood BlueClaws, posting a slash line of .333/.366/.434 in 117 games. In 2015, they played for the High-A Clearwater Threshers, slashing .314/.348/.384 with 3 home runs and 49 RBI in 107 games. They elected free agency following the season on November 6, 2015.
Atlanta Braves
On November 19, 2015, Astudillo signed a minor league contract with the Atlanta Braves. They spent the 2016 season with the Double-A Mississippi Braves, batting .267/.293/.332 with 4 home runs and 30 RBI in 89 games. Astudillo elected free agency following the year on November 7, 2016.
Arizona Diamondbacks
On April 4, 2017, Astudillo signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks, and was assigned to the Triple-A Reno Aces. They spent the year with the Aces, posting a slash of .342/.370/.558 with 4 home runs and 22 RBI in 36 games. They elected free agency on November 6, 2017.
Minnesota Twins
On November 30, 2017, Astudillo signed a minor league deal with the Minnesota Twins and was assigned to the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings. Astudillo was called up to the majors for the first time on June 29, 2018. They made their major league debut at Wrigley Field the following afternoon versus the Chicago Cubs as a defensive replacement in left field in the fifth inning, later switching to center field. In the sixth inning, they singled on a ground ball to second base to score Robbie Grossman for their first major league hit. On July 14, 2018, they made their major league pitching debut, completing the final inning of a 19–6 loss to the Tampa Bay Rays at Target Field. They allowed five runs on five hits and two home runs for a 45.00 earned run average (ERA) in their lone pitching entry of the season. Astudillo spent most of their playing time at catcher and third base and made other appearances at second base. They appeared in 30 games total for the Twins in 2018, batting .355, .371 on-base percentage, .516 slugging percentage, three home runs, 21 RBI, two walks and three strikeouts over 93 plate appearances.
The Twins announced their selection of Astudillo for their first major league 25-man Opening Day roster on March 27, 2019, as one of five bench players. One month later, they were placed on the injured list with a left hamstring strain. They were batting .327 with two home runs. They ended the season hitting .268 in 58 games.
They have also played for the Caribes de Anzoátegui in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League annually since the 2015–16 season.
Known for an extremely high contact rate, Astudillo produced eight of the 30 lowest strikeout rates with a minimum of 100 plate appearances according to Baseball Prospectus' catalog of over 42,000 individual seasons from 2005–2018. They produced the lowest of all at 0.9% in Venezuela in 2011, second-lowest at 1.8% in Venezuela in 2010, and fourth-lowest at 2.4% in the Florida State League in 2015.
On July 3, 2020, it was announced that Astudillo had tested positive for COVID-19.
Astudillo appeared in just 8 games in 2020, gathering only 16 at-bats and batting .250/.250/.500 with 1 home run and 3 RBI. After the 2020 season, they played for Caribes de Anzoátegui of the Liga Venezolana de Béisbol Profesional (LVMP). They also played for Venezuela in the 2021 Caribbean Series.
They have thrice been a relief pitcher. On April 17, 2021, they took the Los Angeles Angels' 8th inning 1-2-3 in seven pitches, with their slowest tracked strike being at 46 mph. Two of their seven pitches were so slow that the radar gun failed to track them. They again pitched in relief on August 26, 2021, when they pitched a scoreless 8th inning against the Boston Red Sox. Astudillo ended the year hitting .236/.259/.375 with a career-high 7 home runs and 21 RBI in 72 games.
On November 19, 2021, the Twins designated Astudillo for assignment. They cleared waivers and was released on November 24.
Miami Marlins
On March 13, 2022, Astudillo signed a minor league contract with the Miami Marlins. They began the 2022 season with the Triple-A Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp. They made their Marlins' MLB debut on May 25 against the Tampa Bay Rays. Astudillo was the winning run for the Marlins' contest against the Washington Nationals on June 8, scoring from second base in the bottom of the 10th inning. They were designated for assignment on June 26 and was sent outright to Triple-A. On July 24, the Marlins selected their contract and they were promoted to the major leagues. They were designated for assignment on July 29.
Playing style
Several prevalent distinctions about Astudillo have helped create popularity with fans: their non-athletic build, multi-positional flexibility, and a highly aggressive batting style that yields few strikeouts or walks. At tall and , their determination helped propel them to the major leagues. “All my minor league career I heard I was not going to be a big leaguer because I did not 'look' like one. I was too short. I was too stocky. I did not have the physical traits customary associated with a Major League player,” they noted on Instagram. “Well here I am.”
Combining their professional careers in both the American minor leagues and Venezuela, Astudillo has played at every position except shortstop. They then accomplished the same feat within their first two major league seasons. Twins chief baseball officer Derek Falvey commented that team scouts were perplexed by Astudillo as projection systems failed to find any closely comparable hitters, and were also amused when they informed them that they could play center field. To prove it, Astudillo played footage of themselves robbing a home run in a Venezuelan winter league game.
In an era notable for its rising strikeout rates and where high walk rates are prized, Astudillo's aggressive batting approach yields an unusually low number of both. In their minor league career through the 2018 season, they had put the ball in play in 2,400 of 2,571 plate appearances.
Personal life
Their brother, Wilfred, is also a professional baseball player.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Caribes de Anzoátegui players
Clearwater Threshers players
Florida Complex League Phillies players
Lakewood BlueClaws players
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball first basemen
Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
Major League Baseball third basemen
Miami Marlins players
Minnesota Twins players
Mississippi Braves players
People from Barcelona, Venezuela
Reno Aces players
Rochester Red Wings players
St. Paul Saints players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
Venezuelan Summer League Phillies players
Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp players
A parabolic aluminized reflector lamp (PAR lamp or simply PAR) is a type of electric lamp that is widely used in commercial, residential, and transportation illumination. It produces a highly directional beam. Usage includes theatrical lighting, locomotive headlamps, aircraft landing lights, and residential and commercial recessed lights ("cans" in the United States).
Many PAR lamps are of the sealed beam variety, with a parabolic reflector, one or more filaments, and a glass or plastic lens sealed permanently together as a unit. Originally introduced for road vehicle headlamp service, sealed beams have since been applied elsewhere. Halogen sealed beam lamps incorporate a halogen lamp within a quartz or hard glass envelope.
Construction
A PAR lamp consists of a light source, with lens and a parabolic reflector with a smooth aluminium surface determining the spread of the beam. The most common sealed beam type combines these three elements into an integral unit. The light source usually approximates a point source that can be focused on; tungsten filaments and halogen lamps are common, but some theatrical usage that requires a higher color temperature may use hydrargyrum medium-arc iodide (HMI) instead.
Sizes
PAR lamps come in a variety of standardized sizes. The size of a round PAR lamp is expressed as the nominal diameter of the mouth of the reflector, in eighths of an inch—so the approximate nominal lamp bell diameter in inches can be found by dividing the PAR size by 8. A PAR56, for example, is 56 eighths of an inch (7 inches) in diameter; a PAR36 is 36 eighths (4.5 inches) in diameter, and so on. Similarly, the diameter in millimeters can be found by multiplying the PAR designation by 3.125. For example, a PAR16 lamp is approximately 2 inches or 50.0 mm in diameter.
The size of rectangular PAR lamps is expressed as the letters REC followed by the reflector's mouth height, the letter "X", and the reflector's mouth width—with both dimensions in millimeters. For example, REC142X200 lamps are 142 high and 200 mm wide.
Light beams
Depending on the parabolic reflector geometry, the configuration of the filament and its placement within the paraboloid, PAR lamps can achieve a wide range of beams, from narrow spot to wide flood. The following suffixes are commonly used with PAR lamps to indicate their beam width: PAR lamps are also manufactured to produce beam patterns specific to the needs of particular applications, such as low beam and/or high beam headlights and fog and driving lights for vehicles, and warning lamps for school buses.
The suffixes given are for 1000-Watt PAR64 lamps only. The focused beam can be oval and is sometimes specified in two numbers.
Uses
Automotive headlamps
In the United States of America, sealed-beam headlamps were introduced in 1939, becoming standard equipment across all American-market vehicles starting in 1940 and remaining the only type allowed for almost four and a half decades, until the 1984 model year. Before and after those years, vehicles could have model-specific, nonstandard-shape headlamps, using any of a wide variety of replaceable light bulbs. Between 1940 and 1956, all U.S. cars had to have two round headlamps with dual filaments, so each lamp provided both a high and a low beam light distribution. In 1957, a system of four sealed-beam headlamps—two per side, of diameter, was allowed in some U.S. states. The following year in 1958, all states allowed the new system. Two of the lamps contained two filaments and served as low and high beam, while the other two lamps contained only one filament and were active only during high-beam operation.
From the 1975 model year, a rectangular version of the four-lamp system was legalized. The new lamps were wide and tall. For 1978, a rectangular version of the two-lamp system became legal; these measured wide and tall.
With only two round and two rectangular lamps sizes allowed, the sealed-beam headlamp mandate greatly restricted styling possibilities for automobiles.
Halogen sealed-beam headlamps appeared on U.S. cars in 1979, to enable greater high beam intensity newly permitted by Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 108 without unreasonably high lamp wattage. Eventually, halogen sealed-beam lights came to dominate the (U.S.) automotive lamps market.
Aircraft
Aircraft landing (ACL) lights are often sealed beams that have a very narrow beam spread. They typically have a size of PAR36 or PAR64, and run on 28 V DC. They have found some use in stage lighting as well.
Outdoor and stage lighting
PAR lamps and their fixtures are widely used in theatre, concerts and motion picture production when a substantial amount of flat lighting is required for a scene. They are often mounted in can-shaped fixtures known as PARCANs, which can be used to generate colours by fitting them with colored sheets called gels. The cans are arranged into rows of different colours and identical rows placed on different sides of the stage; such assemblies made from aluminum bars are known as PARbars. Due to their affordability, they are ideal for colour washes in several different colours. However, because of the lack of dynamic control over the beam diameter, shape and sharpness, PARs are rarely used as Front of House lights other than for front washes but can be used for special effect lighting such as lighting from directly above or from extreme angles as well as general wash lights overhead/above stage. If used cleverly, par cans can provide low budget productions with good effects.
PAR64 sealed beam lamps are often used for these purposes; they are typically available with 250, 500 or 1000 watt power ratings. Beam spreads are designated as FL (flood), SP (spot), NSP (narrow spot), and VNSP (very narrow spot), as stamped on the back of the lamp's reflector.
PAR38 lamps, with an E22 base and with ratings up to 150W, were often used for domestic outdoor floodlight illumination for patios, backyards, and often combined with a PIR sensor switch as a security/convenience light, for example, in a driveway. Coloured versions were popular with discos and mobile DJs, however were usually only available up to 100w in coloured form and were considerably more expensive than standard PAR38 globes. In domestic applications, halogen and later on LED largely replaced the incandescent PAR38.
In situations where sunlight or other specular light is available, a white foam reflector is often used to accomplish the same effect as a PAR array. PAR cans are being replaced in some stage applications by LED stage lighting, which use less electric power and produce a wide array of saturated colors without the use of color filters, when white light is not needed.
Indoor lighting
Smaller sealed beam PAR lamps (PAR 38 and smaller) with an Edison screw base are common in indoor lighting. They can be found in recessed fixtures mounted in the ceiling or on tracks.
Lighthouses
Sealed beam lamp arrays are also in use by modern lighthouses.
Electrical connector
High-power, mains-voltage, theatrical PARs usually use the bi-pin GX16d "Mogul" lamp connector; G9.5 and variants are common too. Theater metal-halide lamps use G12. In addition to being used on light bulbs themselves, the G38 connectors are also found as a part of the Raylite reflector assembly, although some Raylite reflectors have "tails" which then require connection to the mains flex with the use of a ceramic connector block (ideally fixed to the can's body).
In residential and office use, the usual connector for the lamp's voltage is often used. This includes Edison screw or a bayonet connector for mains-supplied PARs, or small bi-pin connectors for low voltage applications.
Variations
LED
LED retrofit equipment that match PAR lamp dimensions is made by some manufacturers. As with the case of LED MR lamps, LED PAR lamps generally use an array of individual LED elements that are unsuitable for reflector operation. Nevertheless, some degree of beam control can be obtained with aperture or lens, and LED PAR 38 replacements with a 40° spread is common.
Models built for stage lighting may use less similar dimensions. They often use a RGB color model for color-tuning abilities, though some higher-end fixtures use a 5-primary colour system (with cool and warm white LEDs) instead for better color reproduction.
PAR moving lights
Intelligent, moving PARs allow for the ability to pan and tilt the instruments through a lighting control console. These have been generally superseded by dedicated intelligent lighting fixtures, which use a different light source and offer more control over the colour and shape of the beam.
See also
Stage lighting instrument
Stage lighting accessories
Notes
References
Cinematography
Incandescent light bulbs
Stage lighting instruments
Automotive lamps
In the United States, a plat ( or ) (plan) is a cadastral map, drawn to scale, showing the divisions of a piece of land. United States General Land Office surveyors drafted township plats of Public Lands Surveys to show the distance and bearing between section corners, sometimes including topographic or vegetation information. City, town or village plats show subdivisions broken into blocks with streets and alleys. Further refinement often splits blocks into individual lots, usually for the purpose of selling the described lots; this has become known as subdivision.
After the filing of a plat, legal descriptions can refer to block and lot-numbers rather than portions of sections. In order for plats to become legally valid, a local governing body, such as a public works department, urban planning commission, or zoning board must normally review and approve them.
In gardening history, in both varieties of English (and in French etc), a "plat" means a section of a formal parterre planted only with grass, and perhaps a central feature such as a statue.
History
The creation of a plat map marks an important step in the process of incorporating a town or city according to United States law. Because the process of incorporation sometimes occurred at a courthouse, the incorporation papers for many American cities may be stored hundreds of miles away in another state. For example, to view the original General Land Office plat for the city of San Francisco, California, filed in 1849, one must visit the Museum of the Oregon Territory in Oregon City, Oregon, as at that time Oregon City was the site of the closest federal land office to San Francisco.
Types
A plat of consolidation or plan of consolidation originates when a landowner takes over several adjacent parcels of land and consolidates them into a single parcel. In order to do this, the landowner will usually need to make a survey of the parcels and submit the survey to the governing body that would have to approve the consolidation.
A plat of subdivision or plan of subdivision appears when a landowner or municipality divides land into smaller parcels. If a landowner owns an acre of land, for instance, and wants to divide it into three pieces, a surveyor would have to take precise measurements of the land and submit the survey to the governing body, which would then have to approve it. A plat of subdivision also applies when a landowner/building owner divides a multi-family building into multiple units. This can apply for the intention of selling off the individual units as condominiums to individual owners.
A correction plat or amending plat records minor corrections to an existing plat, such as correcting a surveying mistake or a scrivener's error. Such plats can sometimes serve to relocate lot-lines or other features, but laws usually tightly restrict such use.
A vacating plat functions to legally void a prior plat or portion of a plat. The rules normally allow such plats only when all the platted lots remain unsold and no construction of buildings or public improvements has taken place.
Other names associated with parcel maps are: land maps, tax maps, real estate maps, landowner maps, lot and block survey system and land survey maps. Parcel maps, unlike any other public real estate record, have no federal, state or municipal oversight with their development.
Reasons
Subdivision of a property into multiple smaller lots, as described above.
Designation of roads or other rights of way.
Ensuring that all property has access to a public right of way. Without such access, a property owner may be unable to use their or their property without having to trespass to reach it. The platting process restricts the fraudulent practice of knowingly selling lots with no access to public right of way without revealing that such access does not exist. (Property that does not have access to public right of way may be sold, provided that the buyer is aware of the lack of a public means of access by water or land.)
Creation or vacation of easements.
Dedication of land for other public uses, such as parks or areas needed for flood protection.
Ensuring compliance with zoning. Zoning regulations frequently contain restrictions that govern lot sizes and lot geometry. The platting process allows the governing authorities to ensure that all lots comply with these regulations.
Ensuring compliance with a land use plan established to control the development of a city.
Ensuring that all property has access to public utilities.
Reading
Plats contain a number of informational elements:
The property boundaries are indicated by bearing and distance. The bearing is in the format of degrees, minutes, seconds with compass point letters before and afterward to indicate the compass quadrant. For example, N 38 00 00 E is 38 degrees into the northeast quadrant or 38 degrees east of north. Similarly, S 22 00 00 W is 22 degrees west of south. Note that north here is true north, so magnetic orientation must be corrected for magnetic declination.
The certification note provides information on the surveyor and is the location where recent US plats place the flood survey code in accordance with the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968.
The north arrow is familiar to most map readers
The title block and lot numbers provide information specific to a development or land use plan
An easement is usually indicated by a dashed line, although it is also common to have to look them up in supplementary documents (such as a title report)
Streets are usually indicated by a graphical outline of the right of way; the outline also sometimes depicts the paved area.
See also
Lot and block survey system
Plat of Zion
References
External links
The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration
Geography of the United States
Land surveying systems
Map types
The Four Feathers is a 1929 American war film directed by Merian C. Cooper and starring William Powell, Richard Arlen, Clive Brook and Fay Wray. This was the third of numerous film versions of the 1902 novel The Four Feathers written by A. E. W. Mason. The 1929 version of The Four Feathers premiered at the Criterion Theatre in New York City on June 12, 1929.
Plot
As children, Harry promises to marry Ethne, both the offspring of English Army officers, but they consent only if they will dress as a soldier. When Harry is still a child, their father tells them stories about the Crimean War, including one where a runaway soldier is spurred into suicide by Harry's father, who sent them a white feather to show their disapproval of cowardice.
As a young man, Harry joins the Royal West Kent Regiment and is engaged to Ethne. Their best friends are Durrance, Trench, and Castleton. Harry receives a telegram that their regiment is being deployed to the Soudan Expedition, and they resign from the army. Their friends and Ethne find out why Harry resigned and give them four white feathers. Harry's father also disapproves, and before they die, they give their son a pistol and tells them to shoot himself. Harry decides to act courageously in front of their friends in order to get them to take back their feathers, and travels to Sudan.
In the Sudan, Trench has been captured by the enemy. Harry saves him, and Trench takes back the white feather. Harry stops a mutiny and saves Castelton from an ambush. Ethne and Harry get back together.
Cast
Richard Arlen as Lt. Harry Feversham
Fay Wray as Ethne Eustace
Clive Brook as Lt. Jack Durrance
William Powell as Capt. William Trench
Theodore von Eltz as Lt. Castleton
Noah Beery Sr. as Slave Trader
Zack Williams as Idris
Noble Johnson as Ahmed
Philippe De Lacy as Harry, age 10
E. J. Ratcliffe as Col. Eustace
George Fawcett as Col. Feversham
Production
The picture has the distinction of being one of the last major Hollywood pictures of the silent era. It was also released by Paramount Pictures in a version with a Movietone soundtrack with music and sound effects only. The studio considered making it a full talkie, and acquired the dialogue rights to the story for an additional $2,500 on top of the silent rights for which they had paid $12,500.
The book the film was based on, The Four Feathers (1902), was one of the only books in Cooper's possession while they served as a volunteer for the Polish resistance in Kościuszko's Squadron. Cooper found the book inspirational. Kamran Rastegar, associate professor of Arabic and comparative literature at Tufts University, noted several parallels between Cooper's life and that of the protagonist of Four Feathers: both were born into military families, expelled from naval colleges, voluntarily enlisted, and escaped from military prisons. Cooper embraced the ideology both of the masculine ideal and the colonial idea that white men had a right to rule over others.
Cooper, Shoedsack, and Shoedsack's wife, Ruth Rose, traveled to Tanzania and Sudan to shoot parts of the film in 1927. Cooper wrote "Two Fighting Tribes of Sudan" for a 1929 National Geographic article using material from the expedition. Film from the expedition was interweaved with parts shot on sets in Hollywood. Actors were not transported to Sudan, which helped reduce filming costs. Four Feathers was one of the first films to use this technique. Cooper oversaw trapping hippopotamuses for a scene where they stampede into a river, and three people died in the process. After a few native villagers went home during the trapping of hippos, Cooper beat "every native they could find." Cooper observed the baboons for three months before capturing them, and their notes filled 800 pages. Cooper also put baboons on a suspension bridge over a river and cut it down in order to film them trying to swim to safety. Back in California, the producers built a large camp between Palm Springs and Indio to shoot the actors themselves in fight scenes. Cooper and Shoedsack hired African-Americans from Los Angeles to stand in for Hadendoan Sudanese men.
Adolph Zukor, Paramont studio head, insisted on the film being silent, though directors wanted it to be a talkie. The film was billed as the "last of the big silent films" even though it had a soundtrack and sound effects. According to Thomas Schatz, producer Selznick saved the film from disaster by conducting retakes and reediting the film after its initial preview. Cooper requested that Selznick stay off of the set, and Selznick complied. However, Cooper was supposed to approve of Selznik's edits, but was away during postproduction of The Four Feathers. They disliked the new takes.
Criticism
Peter Limbrick, assistant professor in film and digital media at the University of California, Santa Cruz, noted that Four Feathers is a masculine adventure that values power above other virtues and excludes women. Limbrick also noted that the way the film used African-American extras in California to stand in for Hadendoans in Sudan reflected the way white settlers like Cooper viewed their position in society in the United States as mirroring that of the British colonialists invading Sudan. Cooper's comments to others while abroad showed that they viewed all black people as racially inferior, a settler superiority that leads to the narrative found in The Four Feathers, which is "responding less to the facts of the land than to preexisting colonial visions of it, and disavowing indigenous habitation and meaning." Jeffrey Richards referenced how the characters of the young soldiers fulfilled the "Imperial hero" archetype: tall, thin, and mustached.
Kamran Rastegar notes that Cooper's Feversham shows resentment and anger when reincorporated into the military and reunited with Ethne. Rather than transforming from a coward to a hero, Feversham seems to be a hero who "has only now found recognition for what they always had been." According to Rastegar, Cooper's Feversham improved on colonial forms of masculinity by having them display "a brooding sense of ressentiment." Fear of "a corruption of masculinity" is a constant theme in this and other versions of The Four Feathers; the fantasy of redemption through service to an empire leads to "a revalorization of" colonialism.
Accolades
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
2006: AFI's 100 Years...100 Cheers – Nominated
References
Bibliography
Bryant, Roger. William Powell: The Life and Films. McFarland, 2014.
External links
Collection on The Four Feathers, 1929, L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University
Merian C. Cooper papers on The Four Feathers, 1927-1929, 1957, L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University
1929 films
1920s historical films
1929 war films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American historical films
American war films
1920s English-language films
Films based on The Four Feathers
Films directed by Ernest B. Schoedsack
Films directed by Merian C. Cooper
Films set in Sudan
Films set in England
Films set in the 19th century
Films with screenplays by Howard Estabrook
Paramount Pictures films
Transitional sound films
Harold B. Lee Library-related film articles
1920s American films
Silent adventure films
Silent war films
Silent American drama films
Rainbow Lake is the source of Rainbow Stream in Rainbow township in the North Maine Woods. Rainbow Stream discharges over a dam at the west end of the lake and flows south to Nahmakanta Lake. Nahmakanta Lake overflows through Nahmakanta Stream and Pemadumcook Chain of Lakes to the Penobscot River. The Appalachian Trail follows Rainbow Stream and the south shore of the lake; but the old logging road to the dam has deteriorated with boggy areas no longer passable by four-wheel drive vehicles. The lake has a small catchment basin and is surrounded by large granite boulders. The low nutrient input in this setting produces unusually clear water. The lake has a native population of brook trout.
Sources
Lakes of Piscataquis County, Maine
North Maine Woods
Penobscot River
Lakes of Maine
The R394 road is a regional road in Ireland linking the N55 in County Cavan to Mullingar in County Westmeath. It passes through the town of Castlepollard and several villages and hamlets en route.
The road is long.
See also
Roads in Ireland
National primary road
National secondary road
References
Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2006 – Department of Transport
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Westmeath
Roads in County Cavan
The Congressional Leadership Fund (CLF) is a Super PAC dedicated to electing Republicans to the U.S. House of Representatives. The Super PAC, which was closely linked to former House Speaker John Boehner and House GOP leadership, was founded in 2011 and spent nearly $10 million in the 2012 cycle electing Republican candidates. Following Boehner's resignation from the U.S. Congress and the election of Paul D. Ryan as Speaker of the House, Congressional Leadership Fund became closely linked to Ryan.
In The Guardian's ranking of the five most bigoted campaign ads during the 2018 election campaign, four of the five were ads by the CLF. During the 2018 mid-term elections. CLF produced a number of false ads, including two that falsely linked two Democratic candidates with terrorists. In one ad, the CLF depicted Antonio Delgado, an African-American Rhodes scholar with a Harvard Law degree ,as a foul-mouthed and "disturbingly radical" rapper, and misrepresented lyrics from their rap career.
Leadership
Former Minnesota senator Norm Coleman, chairperson emeritus
Fred Malek, chairperson
Former representative Thomas M. Reynolds, board member
Former representative Vin Weber, board member
Charlie Spies, senior adviser (former)
Mason Fink, board member and finance director
Daniel Conston, executive director
William Inman, deputy executive director
Patrick Lee, national field director
Ruth Guerra, communications director
Trent Edwards, development director (former)
Caleb Crosby, treasurer
the Congressional Leadership Fund does not list its leadership on its official website.
The board members are all members of the board of the American Action Network. The Super PAC is currently headed by Daniel Conston, who serves as executive director to both CLF and the linked American Action Network.
Fundraising and spending
2012
According to records from the Federal Elections Commission, during the 2012 election cycle, CLF raised $11.3 million and spent $10.8 million. Of the 19 congressional races where CLF and the affiliated American Action Network paid for television ads, Republicans won 12 of the contests. The non-partisan Sunlight Foundation reported that CLF had a 58.05% return on investment in 2012.
Their largest donor was Sheldon Adelson, who gave $5 million in 2012. Other major donors included the late Texas home builder Bob J. Perry and Chevron.
2014
According to records from the Federal Election Commission, during the 2014 election cycle, CLF raised $12.6 million and spent $12.56 million.
2016
According to records from the Federal Elections Commission, during the 2016 election cycle, CLF raised just over $51.05 million and spent $50.05 million.
During the 2016 election, CLF used stolen hacked material in attacks ads against a Democratic candidate.
2018
In 2018, the CLF was described as "the highest-spending super PAC seeking to sway House races in the upcoming midterms." CLF was the largest Republican outside spender in the special election to fill Montana's at-large seat vacated by then Rep. Ryan Zinke after they were appointed to serve as Secretary of Interior by President Donald Trump. CLF invested $2.5 million in Montana to promote Greg Gianforte to the U.S. House of Representatives. Rep.-elect Gianforte was charged with assaulting a journalist at a rally on May 24, 2017, on the eve of the special election. Three of the state's largest newspapers, the Billings Gazette, the Missoulian and the (Helena) Independent Record, rescinded their endorsements of Gianforte shortly following the incident. Rep.-elect Gianforte was scheduled to appear in court before June 7, where they were required to answer an accusation that they "purposely or knowingly" caused "bodily injury to another". Rep. Elect Gianforte won slightly more than 50 percent of the vote to about 44 percent for Mr. Quist, the Democrat. President Trump won Montana by about 20 percentage points. On June 12, 2017, Gianforte pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault and was sentenced to a 180-day deferred sentence, 40 hours of community service, 20 hours of anger management and a $300 fine along with an $85 court fee.
According to records from the Federal Elections Commission, as of June 6, 2017, Congressional Leadership Fund had made independent expenditures totaling just over $2.94 million in the Georgia 6th Congressional District Special Election against Democrat Jon Ossoff. CLF pledged $6.5 million to the special election in an attempt to keep the seat in control of the GOP after former HHS Secretary Tom Price vacated the seat when they were nominated by President Donald Trump to head the Department of Health and Human Services. CLF repeatedly made the claim that San Francisco "Bay Area liberals have given more to Jon Ossoff's campaign than people in Georgia," a statement that has been rated false by the fact-checking website PolitiFact. A simple search through the Federal Elections Commission verifies PolitiFact's reporting.
The super PAC also made headlines in 2017 after it released its first ad against Democrat Jon Ossoff, with an ad featuring college video footage of Ossoff dressed up as Han Solo of Star Wars. The ad was the first significant spending from any outside GOP group.
In August 2018, Democratic candidate Abigail Spanberger accused CLF of being illicitly in possession of an unredacted federal security clearance application, which contains sensitive personal information, and that CLF had provided a copy of the sensitive information to at least one news outlet.
In The Guardians ranking of the five most bigoted ads during the 2018 election campaign, four of the five were ads by the CLF. During the 2018 mid-term elections. CLF produced a number of false ads, including two that falsely linked two Democratic candidates with terrorists. In one ad, the CLF depicted Antonio Delgado, an African-American Rhodes scholar with a Harvard Law degree as a foul-mouthed and "disturbingly radical" rapper, and misrepresented lyrics from their rap career. CLF obtained the unredacted security clearance application of Abigail Spanberger, a former CIA officer and Democratic congressional candidate, and then used it for political purposes. CLF also sent the highly sensitive document to at least one media outlet. CLF then ran ads trying to link Spanberger to terrorist activity. Both Delgado and Spanberger went on to defeat incumbent Republicans for their respective House seats on November 6, 2018.
In the 2018 election cycle, the Congressional Leadership Fund raised $158 million and disbursed $159 million. Sheldon and Miriam Adelson gave $55 million of that.
References
External links
527 organizations
Eugene Francis Jnr is a British musician, who has released music with several bands as well as solo material.
Biography
Early life
Francis was born in Cardiff, Wales on 8 March 1977.
Early groups
Francis's first band was The Fantastic Super Foofs, formed in Bridgend around 1994. The band started playing punk rock, and were initially known as "Mister Puss". By 1997 Francis had enrolled at University College London studying Planetary Science, where they befriended Coldplay and My Vitriol. The singles "Bilo Boss", "Devan Endo" and "Timmy Zuckermann" were released on the independent labels Floating Toast and Fuzzbox, and received positive reviews in NME and airplay from Steve Lamacq and John Peel. Francis's next project was Kaptain Black, named after musician Frank Black, combining blues, punk and country music. The album In Fertility was released in 2004 on the Mighty Atom label. Kaptain Black toured with Mclusky and released the single "Drone the Queen Bee". In 2005 Francis agreed to write and perform with Cardiff band Dirty Perfect under the name "Kip Armstrong". They released one EP entitled "Lines, Opiates and the demented operation" on Fuzzbox Records and one single, "Quarterback Hairdo", on Sound Foundation Records.
Solo career
Francis subsequently spent time in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York and began experimenting with Folk, storytelling songs coupled with electronica. They returned home to Wales to start work on a concept album, The Golden Beatle. They began posting songs on MySpace and playing solo shows in London and Cardiff in 2007, and formed another group called The Juniors, including members from Vito, Broken Leaf and Lindsey Leven (of Gulp). Francis opened for Tegan and Sara, and released the vinyl double A-side single "Poor Me / Kites". The single and video received airplay on VH1, MTV2, BBC Radio 1, Radio 2, XFM and BBC 6 Music, as well as US radio station KEXP. Eugene Francis Jnr and The Juniors also played the mainstage Green Man Festival.
The Golden Beatle, The Juniors 2008–2009
The album The Golden Beatle was completed on Christmas Eve 2007, and released in April 2008. The 7-piece band 'The Juniors' appeared with Frank Sidebottom on Channel M and on Radio 4 for Clive Anderson's 'loose ends' and toured with Todd Rungren and Coldplay. They played the Secret Garden Party and Guildfest festivals and also performed in the US at SXSW in Austin and CMJ in New York. In December 2009, The Juniors supported Coldplay at the O2 Arena in London.
Death and das Love Bytes 2012–2013
In July 2009, Francis went travelling around the US, Canada, Mexico and Central America for 11 months. They then attended Los Angeles Recording School, and in 2011 started work on a new album, Death and das Love Bytes, from which the first single "Necronomicon" was released in the summer 2012. Their new group EFJ vs dotdotdot played Leopalooza, dot to dot and Nozstock festivals.
Discography
1999 "Gliptus"
2001 "Bilo Boss"
2002 "Devan Endo", "Timmy Zuckermann"
2004 "In fertility", "Drone The Queen Bee"
2005 "Lines, Opiates and the Demented Operation", "Quarterback Hairdo"
2007 "Poor Me / Kites"
2008 "The Golden Beatle"
2012 "Necronomicon : I am Providence"
2012 "Calliope Fuxwar"
2013 "Death and das Love Bytes'
References
External links
Eugene Francis Jnr Site
Necronomicon Review
Eugene Francis Jnr Myspace
Eugene Francis Jnr: Song of the day on KEXP
Live review
3hive blog
Review of Kaptain Black 'In fertility'
1977 births
Living people
British alternative rock musicians
Musicians from Cardiff
Welsh rock musicians
21st-century British singers
21st-century British male singers
Joseph Francis Wolf, Jr. (born December 28, 1966, in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football player. Wolf, an offensive lineman, played nine seasons in the National Football League for the Phoenix/Arizona Cardinals. They played college football for Boston College.
Prior to entering Boston College, they played high school football for William Allen High School in Allentown, Pennsylvania. In 2016, they were inducted into William Allen High School's Hall of Fame
References
External links
Joe Wolf at Pro Football Archives
1966 births
Living people
American football offensive linemen
Arizona Cardinals players
Boston College Eagles football players
Sportspeople from Allentown, Pennsylvania
Phoenix Cardinals players
William Allen High School alumni
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Robin Cassacinamon (c.1620s-1692) was a Pequot Indian governor appointed by the United Colonies to govern Pequots in southeastern Connecticut.
The New England colonies placed Cassacinamon under the authority of colonial ally Uncas of the Mohegan tribe following the Pequot War of 1637. In 1638, Cassacinamon became a servant in the home of John Winthrop in Boston where they learned English. They served as a translator, and they helped the Pequots to request to be under colonial authority rather than under Uncas. By the late 1640s Cassacinamon was with John Winthrop, Jr. in what is now New London.
By 1655, the United Colonies appointed Cassacinamon to be governor of the Pequots in settlements at Nameaug (New London, Connecticut) and Noank. Cassacinamon executed Canonchet during King Philip's War, and the colonies commended their service during the war. They used their negotiation skills to secure the return of some tribal lands, resulting in the establishment of an approximately 3,000-acre reservation in 1665-1666. They remained sachem until their death in 1692.
In the late 20th Century, the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation adopted Cassacinamon's ligature as part of their tribal seal.
References
1690s deaths
Native American people from Connecticut
Native American leaders
17th-century Native Americans
Pequot
Pequot War
Tribal chiefs
Chattooga County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 26,015. According to the World Population Review, as of 2021, it is estimated at 24,803. The county seat is Summerville. The county was created on December 28, 1838.
Chattooga County comprises the Summerville, GA Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Rome-Summerville Combined Statistical Area.
Summerville is the site of the Chattooga County Courthouse. The county is home to several properties listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
Chattooga County is named for the Chattooga River, which flows through it. It was originally settled by the "mound builder" culture. A few small mounds can be found throughout the Alpine and Menlo areas. Sometime in the pre-European settlement era, the county was settled by at first the Creek Native Americans and later the Cherokee Native Americans. The principal Cherokee towns in Chattooga were Rivertown (Trion) and Broomtown in Shinbone valley. With the onset of European settlers and after gold was discovered in northern Georgia, the federal government forcibly removed the Cherokees to Oklahoma from Chattooga County in the early 1830s in what has become known as "the Trail of Tears." In this removal, thousands of Native Americans died from sickness, hunger and abuse. The land was then divided amongst white settlers in the Cherokee Land Lottery of 1832. The Lottery transformed Chattooga into a thriving agricultural area in the antebellum South with farms of varying size dotting the fertile landscape of the Chattooga Valley.
The coming of the American Civil War saw Chattoogans polarized into pro and anti-union camps. Confederate armies received five regiments from Chattooga. Several engagements were fought in the county prior to the battle of Chickamauga. General Nathan Bedford Forrest fought an engagement near Alpine with Federal cavalry resulting in the Federals being thrown back to the Chattanooga area. The largest single engagement in Chattooga was the "Battle of Trion Factory," fought on Sept. 15th, 1863 on present day First Street near the site of the East Trion Church of God. Confederate Infantry forces under the command of General Benjamin Hardin Helm and cavalry under the command of Gen. Joseph Wheeler defeated Union forces in a running battle that started somewhere near Summerville and ended in Trion. The front section of the Old Trion Cemetery on First Street contains the remains of fifty-five Union soldiers and seven Confederates killed in this action, but the graves are unmarked.
The 1860 county census shows population of 7,165, 28.7 percent of whom were enslaved.
In September 2009, the Chattooga County Camp 507, Sons of Confederate Veterans in conjunction with the Missionary Ridge Camp 63 Sons of Union Veterans, and several local groups erected a memorial monument to remember the "First Battle of Trion Factory" and the soldiers who are buried in unmarked graves at Trion.
In an interesting side note, Confederate General Helm was a brother-in-law to Mary Lincoln and was killed five days after the Battle of Trion Factory on Sept. 19th at the Battle of Chickamauga in Walker County, GA
The coming of Sherman
After the fall of Atlanta, Confederate General John Bell Hood led their Army of Tennessee from the Atlanta battleground to the north and west, in an attempt to lead General William Tecumseh Sherman's Army of the Cumberland away from Atlanta and out of Georgia. Sherman left a detachment in Atlanta while they took the remainder of their army in pursuit of Hood and the Confederates. Hood's army passed through Chattooga County in September 1864 en route to Gaylesville, Alabama.
General Sherman reportedly stated, upon first seeing the Chattooga Valley from atop Taylors Ridge, that it "is a good fertile valley suitable for agriculture." Upon reaching Summerville, Sherman was informed of a Confederate training camp several miles up the river from town. They proceeded north about two miles and "fired a few shots at the retreating rear guard" of the Confederate force. Reportedly, every road leading out of Chattooga to the west was filled with retreating Confederate soldiers. Sherman telegraphed General Henry Halleck and President Abraham Lincoln from Summerville, to outline their plan for the "March to the Sea," making Chattooga County the birthplace of their march.
Government
Chattooga County is a Republican stronghold in Northwest Georgia. The NW GA region has followed the state, particularly the suburbs of Atlanta, in a dramatic political shift to the right. While most counties in Northwest Georgia vote heavily Republican on the local, state, and national levels, Chattooga is still a Democratic County. The county elected a Republican commissioner in 2016. The county has supported Republicans for national office, but by much closer margins than most areas of the region.
The county is in Georgia's 11th state house district. Former Georgia State Patrolman Eddie Lumsden (R-Armuchee) represents the district, which includes all of Chattooga and parts of Floyd County, in the State House of Representatives . The county is represented by Chickamauga Republican Jeff Mullis in the State Senate.
Chattooga County is served by a vast array of public offices. The county is one of the few in the State of Georgia that still operates under one county commissioner. Blake Elsberry, a local business person, defeated incumbent Commissioner Jason Winters in the Primary election in 2020. Elsberry‘s office is on Commerce Street in downtown Summerville, the county's seat.
Sheriff Ralph Kellett served the community as sheriff for almost two decades before losing the Democratic Primary election to John Everett in 2008. Kellett died in 2011. Sheriff Everett kept the seat in Democratic hands in the General Election. In 2012, Everett faced a federal lawsuit regarding questionable practices as sheriff, and ended up losing in the 2012 primary, the only incumbent to do so. Democrat Mark Schrader won the 2012 general election and has been regarded as one of the most successful sheriffs in county history. Schrader's office is located on West Washington Street beside the county courthouse.
Other elected officers include Tax Commissioner Joy Cooper Hampton, Kim Windle James, the first woman to serve as Clerk of Superior and State Courts, Earle Rainwater as Coroner, and Jon Payne as Probate Judge and Election Superintendent. Buddy Hill serves as Solicitor General and Jon Dennis is the State Court Judge. Judge Kristina Cook-Connelly, daughter of Attorney Bobby Lee Cook, is judge on the Lookout Mountain Judicial Circuit.
The county's school board, under Chattooga County School Superintendent Jimmy Lenderman, Leroy Massey Elementary, Menlo School, Lyerly School, Summerville Middle, and Chattooga High School. Chattooga High School is a "Class AA" school according to the Georgia High School Association. The board also oversees one alternative school. The members of the school board are Larry Weesner, Alma Lewis, John Turner, Eddie Massey, and John Agnew, republican D5[4]. The other school system in Chattooga's County is the Trion City School System. The system, constantly named one of the best public schools in the State of Georgia, is served by Superintendent Dr. H. Phillip Williams. The school board is chaired by Connie Witt. The system has one elementary, one middle, and one high school. The school is on one campus and is a "Class A" school according to the Georgia High School Association. The school was recently named a Georgia School of Excellence.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.07%) is water.
The eastern third of Chattooga County is located in the Oostanaula River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin), while the western two-thirds of the county is located in the Upper Coosa River sub-basin of the same ACT River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
State Route 1
State Route 48
State Route 100
State Route 114
State Route 157
State Route 337
Adjacent counties
Walker County - north
Floyd County - southeast
Cherokee County, Alabama - west (CST)
DeKalb County, Alabama - west (CST)
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2010, there were 26,015 people, 9,548 households, and 6,837 families residing in the county. The population density was 83 people per square mile (32/km2). There were 10,977 housing units at an average density of 35 per square mile (13.5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 83.91% White, 11.14% Black or African American, 0.08% Native American, 0.42% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 2.58% from other races, and 1.59% from two or more races. 4.00% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,577 households, out of which 33% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47% were married couples living together, 5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31% were non-families. 25.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 29% had one or more persons living there who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.6 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.90% under the age of 18, 10.00% from 18 to 24, 30.00% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 14.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 106.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,664, and the median income for a family was $36,230. Males had a median income of $26,505 versus $21,014 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,508. About 11.30% of families and 14.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.40% of those under age 18 and 14.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 26,015 people, 9,548 households, and 6,665 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 10,977 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 83.9% white, 11.1% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 2.6% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 41.1% were American, 8.5% were Irish, 6.5% were German, and 5.9% were English.
Of the 9,548 households, 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.2% were non-families, and 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.02. The median age was 39.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,419 and the median income for a family was $39,037. Males had a median income of $32,099 versus $25,475 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,158. About 14.6% of families and 19.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.8% of those under age 18 and 16.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 24,965 people, 9,260 households, and 5,853 families residing in the county.
Education
Recreation
Sloppy Floyd Lake Park
Chattahoochee–Oconee National Forest
Chattooga River
Cities and communities
Incorporated cities
Summerville
Trion
Lyerly
Menlo
Unincorporated communities
Alpine
Armuchee
Berryton
Chattoogaville
Cloudland
Farmersville
Subligna
Gore
Holland
Pennville
Silver Hill
Teloga
Politics
Notable people
Howard Finster, Christian folk artist
Rick Camp, former baseball pitcher for the Atlanta Braves
Bobby Lee Cook, notable defense attorney
Edna Cain Daniel, journalist and publisher
Barbara Massey Reece, former member of the Georgia House of Representatives
Senorise Perry, NFL football player
Brody Malone, U.S. Olympic Gymnast
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chattooga County, Georgia
Northwest Georgia Joint Development Authority
References
External links
Official: Chattooga County Website
Historical and ancestral information for Chattooga County
News and information from Chattooga County
Chattooga County historical marker
1838 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1838
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Georgia placenames of Native American origin
Northwest Georgia (U.S.)
Counties of Appalachia
Rubén Acosta (born 4 April 1934) is a Mexican sports administrator who was the president of the Fédération Internationale de Volleyball (FIVB) from 1984 to 2008. In 1988, they were a recipient of the Silver Olympic Order.
References
External links
1934 births
Living people
Mexican sports executives and administrators
Recipients of the Olympic Order
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1993 federal election in the state of Victoria.
Overall results
Results by division
Aston
Ballarat
Batman
Bendigo
Bruce
Burke
Calwell
Casey
Chisholm
Corangamite
Corinella
Corio
Deakin
Dunkley
Flinders
Gellibrand
Gippsland
Goldstein
Higgins
Holt
Hotham
Indi
Isaacs
Jagajaga
Kooyong
La Trobe
Lalor
Mallee
Maribyrnong
McEwen
McMillan
Melbourne
Melbourne Ports
Menzies
Murray
Scullin
Wannon
Wills
See also
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1993–1996
References
Victoria 1993
Separatista flavida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae.
Description
References
Drivas, J. & M. Jay (1988). Coquillages de La Réunion et de l'île Maurice
External links
Capulidae
Gastropods described in 1843
Catalogue of Oriental Manuscripts, Xylographs etc. in Danish Collections, COMDC , is an international scholarly catalogue describing the manuscripts from Asia and North Africa in the Royal Danish Library, the National Museum of Denmark and a few other Danish collections. It is published in collaboration between the Royal Library and the University of Copenhagen, with support from the Carlsberg Foundation.
History
The interest the Oriental culture is stretching back to the 17th century. Since then, Danish expeditions and Danish travelers brought home a substantial number of Orientals and North African manuscripts that are of interest to scholars, for book history, for the research in Eastern religions and culture (Islam, Buddhism, Tibet, etc.) and for researchers dealing with language, literature and history.
Denmark holds today in some areas collections, which are among the most significant outside Asia. An example is the Mongolian collection of manuscripts and block prints, which were supplemented significantly during the second Danish Central Asian Expedition 1938-39, a collection of scrolls acquired in 1915 from a Buddhist temple in Dunhuang and the Tibetan collection, containing sources of a language and a culture, which is currently under severe pressure.
The edition
Already 1846-1857 the Royal Library published a first overview of acquired manuscripts in three volumes with the title Codices Orientales Bibliothecae Regiae Havniensis, published by N.L. Westergaard and A.F. Mehren. The collection of Oriental manuscripts grew steadily in Denmark during the following hundred years, and in 1952 the philologist, professor dr. phil. Kaare Grønbech, University of Copenhagen, in close cooperation with the Royal Danish Library initiated a new edition. Kaare Grønbech was the first editor. Head of the Oriental Department at the Royal Library Stig T. Rasmussen has since 1992 been the main editor of the edition.
The edition is particularly aims at the international research community. The edition therefore offers not only a catalogue of each manuscript, but also a more detailed description of the manuscripts with representations of texts, the cultural background and the historical significance. These descriptions are complemented by photographic reproductions, in order for international researchers to get a pretty good idea of what each manuscript contains.
The volumes
Codices Orientales Bibliothecae Regiae Havniensis
Pars 1, Codices Indici, N. L. Westergaard, 1846 Link to digital edition
Pars 2, Codices Hebraici et Arabici, 1851 Link to digital edition
Pars 3, Codices Persici, Turcici, Hindustanici variique alii, A. F. Mehren, 1857 Link to digital edition
Catalogue of Oriental Manuscripts, Xylographs etc in Danish Collections, COMDC
Vol. 1. Catalogue of Ceylonese Manuscripts / C.E. Godakumbura, 1980. Link to digital edition
Vol. 2.1. Catalogue of Cambodian and Burmese Pāli manuscripts / C.E. Godakumbura, assisted by U Tin Lwin, 1983. Link to digital edition
Vol. 2.2. Catalogue des Manuscrits en Pali, Laotien et Siamois provenant de la Thaïlande / Georges Cœdès, 1966. Link to digital edition
Vol. 3. Catalogue of Mongol Books, Manuscripts and Xylographs / Walther Heissig, assisted by Charles Bawdin, 1971. to digital edition
Vol. 4.1. Catalogue of Indonesian Manuscripts. Part 1. / P.Voorhoeve, with a contribution by Carl Schuster, 1975. Link to digital edition
Vol. 4.2. Catalogue of Indonesian Manuscripts. Part 2. / Th. Pigeaud, F.H. van Naerssen and P.Voorhoeve, 1977. Link to digital edition
Vol. 5.1. Catalogue of Arabic Manuscripts, Codices Arabici & codices Arabici additamenta / Ali Abdalhussein Alhaidary and Stig T. Rasmussen, 1995.
Vol. 5.2. Catalogue of Arabic manuscripts, Codices Arabici & codices Arabici additamenta / Irmeli Perho, 2003.
Vol. 5.3. Book 1-3. Catalogue of Arabic manuscripts, Codices Arabici & codices Arabici additamenta / Irmeli Perho, 2007.
Vol. 6.1-2. Catalogue of Tibetan Manuscripts and Xylographs / Hartmut Buescher and Tarab Tulku, 2000.
Vol. 7.1 Catalogue of Sanskrit Manuscripts / Hartmut Buescher, 2011.
Vol. 8.1. Catalogue of Persian manuscripts / Irmeli Perho, 2014.
Vol. 9. Catalogue of Chinese manuscripts and rare books / Bent Lerbæk Pedersen, 2014.
Vol. 10.1. Catalogue of Japanese manuscripts and rare books / Merete Pedersen, 2015.
Vol. 10.2. Catalogue of Korean manuscripts and rare books / Bent Lerbæk Pedersen, 2014.
Notes
External links
The COMDC-publications presented by NIAS Press Publishers
Catalogues
Buddhist manuscripts
Chinese manuscripts
Jewish manuscripts
Doug Stephens (born April 17, 1964 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian futurist, keynote speaker, author and business advisor on the future of retailing and consumerism.
Retail Prophet
Following a twenty-year career in retail, including the leadership of New York City's iconic Janovic store chain, Stephens founded Retail Prophet, a consultancy specializing in the forecasting and articulation of future trends in retailing and consumer behavior.
The Retail Revival
In 2013 Stephens authored the book The Retail Revival: Reimagining Business For The New Age of Consumerism. The book presents the case that the unique social and economic conditions leading to unimaginable growth in the retail and consumer goods sectors through the latter part of the twentieth century are giving way to radically altered demographic, economic and technological realities, yielding a new, more demanding yet vastly more positive and sustainable retail landscape.
Reengineering Retail
In 2017 Stephens authored their second book "Reengineering Retail: The Future of Selling in a Post-Digital World". The book examines the rapid evolution of ecommerce and changing role of physical retail spaces in the future. The book also forecasts a new future economic model for the retail industry.
Resurrecting Retail
In 2021 Stephens authored their third book "Resurrecting Retail: The Future of Business in a Post-Pandemic World". The book explores the impact of the pandemic on the global retail industry and consumer behavior as well as documents historic changes in the competitive landscape brought on by the crisis and the new competitive challenges and opportunities it catalyzed.
Media
Stephens is a regular contributor on the CTV tech TV series App Central TV, co-hosted by Amber Mac and a business contributor for CBC Radio. They have written feature articles for Advertising Age and been quoted in Forbes, Profit Magazine, Canadian Business, The Globe and Mail, Toronto Star and a variety of other U.S. and Canadian media They speak internationally to both private and public sector organizations, and is represented as a speaker by The Lavin Agency.
References
Bibliography
External links
Retailprophet
1964 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Vancouver
Canadian bloggers
Canadian company founders
Canadian television hosts
Writers from Vancouver
The Australian Science, Technology and Engineering Council (ASTEC) was an Australian government agency. ASTEC was established in April 1977 as the Australian Science and Technology Council to advise the Australian government on matters relating to science and technology.
The council was composed of leading academics and industrialists, although scientists from other government agencies, notably the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), were excluded. In 1997, the Australian Science and Technology Council changed its name to the Australian Science, Technology and Engineering Council. The council was abolished in 1997, and its functions and scope were transferred to the Prime Minister's Science, Engineering and Innovation Council (PMSEIC).
During its existence ASTEC published the following reports and other documents:
Future Arrangements for an Australian Science and Technology Council - 1976
Science and Technology in Australia 1977–78: Volume 1A - 1978
The complete collection of ASTEC documents were published on CD-ROM in two volumes
Volumes 1 and 2
References
Scientific organisations based in Australia
Defunct Commonwealth Government agencies of Australia
Government agencies established in 1977
1997 disestablishments in Australia
1977 establishments in Australia
Government agencies disestablished in 1997
is a seasonal passenger railway station located in the town of Minami, Tokushima, Japan. It is operated by the Shikoku Railway Company (JR Shikoku).
Lines
Tainohama Station is served by the Mugi Line between and , and lies 45.7 km from the starting point of the line at Tokushima. The station is open only during the summer beach season in July and August.
Layout
The station consists of one side platform serving one bi-directional track. There is no station building and the station is unattended. The station platform and entrance are located on the coast side, and it is possible to go down directly from the platform to the sandy beach of the adjacent Tainohama beach.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 3 July 1960. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Shikoku.
Surrounding area
Tainohama Beach
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Stations of Shikoku Railway Company
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1960
Minami, Tokushima
Roberto Jorge Santoro (April 17, 1939 Buenos Aires– disappeared 1977 Buenos Aires) was an Argentine poet, publisher and political activist. Santoro created a literary journal and was active with other journals.
Biography
Roberto Jorge Santoro was born on April 17, 1939 in Buenos Aires, their parents were workers. During their lifetime, Santoro worked as painter, street vendor, stallholder in a market, typographer and teacher in an industrial school.
Santoro founded and directed El Barrilete, a literary magazine featuring tango poets Carlos de la Púa , Celedonio Flores , Homero Manzi, Martín Campos, Carlos Patiño, Alberto Costa and Rafael Vásquez. They also collaborated with La Cosa, Gente de Buenos Aires , Papeles de Buenos Aires , La Pluma and La Palabra .
In Literatura de la pelota, Santoro reproduce poems and writings by Argentine intellectuals about their passion for football. this was their attempt to reconcile high culture with popular culture.
Originally a Guevarist, Santoro joined the Workers' Revolutionary Party (PRT) in the 1960s. In their later poems, Santoro condemned a coercive political system, its moral hypocrisy, and its decadent institutions. They did so with a sense of humor and a sense of the grotesque. Their style was effective and forceful.
On June 1, 1977, Santoro was taken from the National School of Technical Education No. 25 , where they served as deputy principal. They were never seen again. It is believed that government agents kidnapped and murdered Santoro in response to their political activism.
Works
Oficio desesperado (Ediciones Cuadernos del Alfarero, 1962)
De tango y lo demás (Editorial Barrilete, fragmento 1962, versión completa 1964)
El último tranvía (Editorial Barrilete, 1963)
Nacimiento en la tierra (Ediciones Cuadernos Australes, 1963)
Pedradas con mi patria (Editorial Barrilete, 1964)
En pocas palabras (Ediciones Hechas a mano, 1967)
Literatura de la pelota (Editorial Papeles de Buenos Aires, 1971; ediciones Lea, 2007)
A ras del suelo (Editorial Papeles de Buenos Aires, 1971)
Desafío (Editorial Gente de Buenos Aires, 1972)
Uno más uno humanidad (Ediciones Dead Weight, 1972)
En esta tierra lo que mata es la humedad (tragedia musical representada en Buenos Aires, 1972)
En esta tierra (canciones; música de Raúl Parentella; canto Kiko Fernández; Music Hall, 1972, disco L.P.)
Poesía en general (Editorial Papeles de Buenos Aires, 1973)
Cuatro canciones y un vuelo (Editorial Gente de Buenos Aires, 1973)
Las cosas claras (anti-libros "La trenza loca", 1973)
Lo que no veo no lo creo (canciones; música y canto Jorge Cutello, 1974)
No negociable, carpeta (Editorial Papeles de Buenos Aires, 1975)
References
External links
English introduction to Santoro
Roberto Jorge Santoro, el poeta del fútbol El Ortiba.
Roberto Jorge Santoro, El último tranvía Lunfa2000.
Los Informes de Barrilete
Catalano, María Agustina (2015). "Roberto Santoro: el obrero de la palabra" en Berg, Edgardo y Fernández, Nancy. Intervenciones. Mar del Plata: La Bola Editora y Universidad Nacional de Mar del Plata. .
NOTES
Some English translations appear in Big Hammer, edited by Dave Roskos. Publisher: CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform; 19 edition (February 7, 2017).
People from Buenos Aires
20th-century Argentine poets
20th-century Argentine male writers
Argentine male poets
1939 births
1977 deaths
Batrachorhina lactaria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1894. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1894
Simaa is a Bantu language of Zambia. It was assigned by Guthrie to Bantu group K.30, which Pfouts (2003) established as part of the Kavango–Southwest branch of Bantu. Though not specifically addressed, Simaa may be in that family as well.
Maho (2009) lists K35 Simaa, K351 Mulonga, K352 Mwenyi, K353 Koma (Makoma), and K354 Imilangu, all covered by ISO code [sie], as distinct but closely related languages.
References
External links
ELAR archive of a Preliminary Documentation of Mwenyi
Kavango languages
Middle Fork Cross Creek is a long 2nd order tributary to North Fork Cross Creek in Washington County, Pennsylvania. This is the only stream of this name in the United States.
Course
Middle Fork Cross Creek rises at Cross Creek, Pennsylvania, in Washington County and then flows southwest to join Cross Creek at Pattersons Mill.
Watershed
Middle Fork Cross Creek drains of area, receives about 40.3 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 331.66, and is about 48% forested.
See also
List of Rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of Washington County, Pennsylvania
Aşağıkırlı is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Chip is a computer and communications magazine published by CHIP Holding (formerly Vogel Burda Holding GmbH) in several countries of Europe and Asia. The German edition of CHIP was launched in September 1978 and is one of Germany's oldest and largest computer magazines with 418,019 copies sold in average each month of the 4th quarter 2008.
Competitors in its German home market include Computer Bild, PC-Welt and c't.
CHIP Online
CHIP Online is the independent web portal of the CHIP brand. It is one of the most-visited media portals in the German language area, providing hardware and software tests and price comparisons, as well as a large downloading and a community portal. , it is a top 30 sites in Germany according to Alexa traffic rankings. CHIP Online is operated by CHIP Digital GmbH.
Magazine
Currently there are these German different magazines available:
CHIP (Premium (3 DVDs) or 1 DVD
CHIP Foto Video Digital mit DVD
CHIP Test & Kauf
CHIP Linux
From 1998 to 2013, an Indian edition titled Intelligent Computing CHIP was published.
Statistics
Monthly magazine sales
Subscribers
References
External links
Chip.de
download.chip.eu/en
1978 establishments in West Germany
Computer magazines published in Germany
Monthly magazines published in Germany
Magazines established in 1978
Magazines published in Munich
Antonio Blanco Freijeiro (September 6, 1923 – January 6, 1991) was a Spanish archaeologist and historian.
1923 births
1991 deaths
Complutense University of Madrid
20th-century Spanish archaeologists
20th-century Spanish historians
The Ballinderry Sword is an iron Viking-style weapon found in a bog on the site of a crannog (lake dwelling) in Ballinderry, in Rosemount, County Westmeath, Ireland in 1928. It is no. 36 in A History of Ireland in 100 Objects. It was found along with other Viking objects: a longbow, two spearheads, an axe head and a gaming board. The settlement dates from between the late 9th and early 11th century and the collection of artifacts uncovered appears to fit the profile of a wealthy Irish farmer or of a local ruler.
The sword's pommel is coated in a sheet of silver and consists of five distinct sections that slowly rise to a rounded tip in the middle. Below these sections is a band of silver decorated with a recessed pattern of swirls that loop around the pommel. The hilt of the sword is also coated in silver and bears the same swirl pattern as the band on the pommel. There is little doubt but that this was a very high-status object.
The blade on the sword is very wide, which is typical of Viking swords. The blade tapers to a point and is 79 centimeters long. The blade has an inscription of ULFBERHT, a Rhineland manufacturer. About 200 of these blades have been discovered as far away as Russia, suggesting that this was the early equivalent of an ‘international brand'. While the blade was imported, the hilt and pommel were made by Vikings. The upper side bears the name HILTIPREHT, which seems to connect it to a Norwegian craftsman of that name.
The find shows that the Irish were forced to upgrade their weaponry to combat the Vikings. Viking-style weapons like this sword also gave local Irish warriors superiority in combat against other native Irish warriors. More broadly, the object and its story offers a unique glimpse into the impact that the Vikings had in transforming Irish society.
The sword, which is on display at the National Museum of Ireland, Dublin is in much better condition compared to many other similar international finds.
References
Viking swords
1928 in Ireland
Collection of the National Museum of Ireland
1928 archaeological discoveries
Individual weapons
Mellat Park ( ), literally the Nation Park, is an urban park in northern Tehran, Iran.
It is one of the city's largest green spaces, situated adjacent to Valiasr Street at the foot of the Alborz mountains to the east, extending to Chamran Expressway and Seoul Street to the west. It is watered by winter-snow streams coming down from Mount Tochal.
The park lies in the southern grounds of Tehran International Fair and the Enghelab Club. It is home to one of the first musical fountains in Tehran, and includes facilities such as playgrounds, snack bars, cafes, and a small aviary. There is also a cineplex at the southeastern edge of the park.
Before the 1979 Revolution, it was known as the Imperial Park ( ). It is also the location of a steam-powered locomotive used on Iran's first railway section, built between 1886 and 1888. The locomotive was built by Belgian group Ateliers de Tubize, commissioned in 1887.
Mellat Gallery and Cineplex
Mellat Gallery and Cineplex is located to the southeast of the park. It was designed by architects Reza Daneshmir and Catherine Spiridonoff in an area of about 6,000 square meters, and was first opened during a ceremony on November 9, 2008.
The complex includes four theater halls, a cinematheque, and a space for holding exhibitions and marketing cultural products.
Gallery
References
Parks in Tehran
Mavriki () is a community in the municipal unit of Aigio, Achaea, Greece. It consists of the villages Kato Mavriki, Ano Mavriki and Agios Ioannis. It is located on the left bank of the river Selinountas, 5 km south of Aigio. In 2011, the population was 380 for Kato Mavriki, and 403 for the community Mavriki. Mavriki suffered damage from the 2007 Greek forest fires.
Population
External links
Mavriki GTP Travel Pages
See also
List of settlements in Achaea
References
Aigialeia
Aigio
Populated places in Achaea
MTV Classic (formerly VH1 Australia) is an Australian subscription television music channel. The channel focused on music from the 1980s to 2000s. The channel first launched in Australia on 14 March 2004 (as VH1) and in New Zealand on 1 June 2011. On 1 July 2011 MTV International channels launched new logos
On 1 April 2016 the channel closed, but was ultimately revived on 27 February 2017 on the Fetch TV platform. It was later revived on Sky in December that year, and was relaunched on 1 July 2020 on Foxtel, replacing MAX.
History
As VH1
The channel first aired on Sunday 14 March 2004 when Foxtel launched its digital product and then on Austar and Optus shortly after. In April 2006, Australian pay TV newcomer, SelecTV also began to carry VH1. In 2008 it began carriage on TransACT and Neighbourhood Cable. The channel although Australian run, mainly showed programming for the US and the UK with programs such as The Fabulous Life of... and the celebrity based documentary Driven.
The VH1 Website officially launched on 3 August 2006. The website somewhat followed the format of the MTV Australia website. It contained a news section, competitions, features, info on new acts and more. It also has details on shows like Can't Get a Date. The website also provided an e-newsletter. The website was closed down in April 2007 for maintenance and was offline until November. In mid August 2009 the site was expanded from a single page to a mini-site on the MTV website.
On 25 November 2006 VH1 presented Australia's Favourite Lyric which presented a long list of songs on the VH1 website for viewers and industry members to vote. When the votes closed the list was made into a top 100 countdown and INXS took out the top spot with their song Never Tear Us Apart.
Unlike sister channel MTV, the channel still aired a majority of music programming, with VH1 produced entertainment programming shown on MTV or other channels.
Relaunch as MTV Classic
On 10 February 2010, the channel was announced via the MTV Australia website. MTV Networks in Australia confirmed that VH1 receives fewer viewers each week than its sister channel MTV Australia. Part of the channel's launch included a music event which took the place of the annual MTV Australia Awards which was held in Melbourne at the Palace Theatre. The event consisted of a line-up of local and international artists including former Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash. "Video Killed the Radio Star" by The Buggles was the first music video to be played on the channel.
The channel was made available on Australian IPTV service Fetch TV from launch in June 2010.
On 23 November 2010, MTV Classic began broadcasting in widescreen.
The channel launched in New Zealand on 1 June 2011 on Sky Television.
Cessation of Service on Foxtel
On 29 October 2013, MTV announced they had been working with Foxtel since early 2013 to offer more diversity on the Foxtel platform, as MTV Classic and MTV Hits fought for the same audience as Foxtel Networks channels MAX and [V] Hits respectively. The channel to replace MTV Classic is MTV Dance, a channel dedicated to dance, hip hop, and RnB music from around the world - MTV's first channel to be dedicated to three different genres of music. Although MTV Classic and MTV Hits will no longer be available on Foxtel, they will continue to be offered by Australian IPTV service FetchTV and New Zealand pay TV provider Sky Television. The changes took place on 3 December 2013.
Closure of channel in New Zealand
On 1 December 2015, Sky Television replaced MTV Classic (and sister channel MTV Hits) with a localized version of MTV Music.
Closure
On 28 February 2016, Fetch TV (the last carrier of MTV Classic) announced via their Facebook page that the channel would close on 1 April 2016.
Revival
On 27 February 2017, MTV Classic was revived on the Fetch TV platform as a result of "popular demand". Available on channel 140, and exclusively on Fetch TV, the revived channel features rock, R&B and pop music from 1980 to 2000. Sky TV New Zealand would also re-add the channel on 8 December 2017. This was later replaced again on Sky by MTV 80s on 6 July 2020.
On 1 July 2020, MTV Classic returned to Foxtel on channel 804, replacing MAX, after a 7-year absence.
VJ's
When the Channel first launched (as VH1) it employed 2 on-air talent but they later began running on mainly voice overs and guest presenters, the 2 hosts were: Zoe Sheridan: the glamorous and sexy side of the project who assisted in the production to Inside Track and David Campbell: the son of Australian rock sensation Jimmy Barnes. David also had some chart success with their hit single "Hope" which sold well in Australia, the US and the UK, they also are one of the faces of Inside Track until its cancellation.
Programming
MTV Classic airs a variety of artist related programmes as well as established MTV series. The channel aims at the age demographic of 24- to 40-year-olds.
Original Programming (2010 - 2013)
Behind the Music
Celebrity Deathmatch
Classic Albums
Famous Crime Scene
Greatest
MTV Unplugged
The Osbournes
Storytellers
That Metal Show
In addition to the above, the channel often screens music documentary and concert specials.
ARIA Hall of Fame
MTV Classic have the rights to The ARIA Hall of Fame Awards show (aired since 20 August 2006). The Hall of Fame has been an important part of the ARIA Awards since 1988. Traditionally taking place during the ARIA Awards ceremony, a diverse range of artists have been inducted into the Hall of Fame including AC/DC, Dame Joan Sutherland, Olivia Newton-John, Johnny O'Keefe, Paul Kelly, John Farnham, INXS, Slim Dusty, Jimmy Little and many more.
MTV Australia Video Music Awards
In March 2005 VH1 co-broadcast the MTV Australia Video Music Awards. As well as showing facts about the nominated artists, during this time, they also had a special award called the VH1 Music First Award which was awarded to Cher.
Inside Track
Inside Track featured new music and videos internationally and locally. So far the previous hosts have chatted with Jet, Darren Hayes, PJ Harvey, Lionel Richie, Olivia Newton-John and Chris Isaak.
Countdown - VH1 aired full episode repeats and music clips of ABC's popular music show Countdown. The Countdown special included live performances and interviews.
Greatest
The Meldrum Tapes - A compilation of interviews from the archives of Molly Meldrum produced by the ABC, it began airing from February 2008.
RocKwiz
Top of the Pops - In August 2009 VH1 began screening a repackaged and compiled version of the long running UK music show
Programming after revival (2017 - present)
All of these programmes air without interruption. After the official revival in 2020, the schedule was refreshed to include programming blocks at set times throughout a large part of the day (aside from the countdowns). Programming line-up are almost entirely same as VH1 Classic Europe.
70s & 80s
90s & Noughties
Classic Clock-Off
Flashback Friday 100
Good Morning Music
Memory Lane
Non-Stop Classics
Party Mix
Saturday Night Fever
Snooze Sunday
Sunday Sessions
Superstar Spotlight
Timeless Tunes
Turn Back Time
Windback Tracks
Weekend Wake-Up
Yesterday's Hits, Today
Logo history
See also
MTV
Club MTV
MTV Hits
MTV Music
MTV Live
Nickelodeon
Nick Jr.
References
External links
MTV Classic Official Website
Announcement article
MTV channels
Music video networks in Australia
Music video networks in New Zealand
English-language television stations in Australia
English-language television stations in New Zealand
Television channels and stations established in 2004
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2016
Television channels and stations established in 2017
Defunct New Zealand television channels
Defunct Australian television channels
Kiin Kiin (Thai: "come and eat") is a Danish restaurant serving Thai cuisine, located in Guldbergsgade at Nørrebro in Copenhagen. It is one of the few Thai restaurants in the world to receive a Michelin star. It was opened in 2005 by Henrik Yde-Andersen and Lertchai Treetawatchaiwong. Dak Wichangoen is the head-chef of the restaurant.
See also
List of Thai restaurants
References
Restaurants in Denmark
Companies based in Copenhagen
Thai restaurants
Thai diaspora in Europe
Companies based in Copenhagen Municipality
Foreman & Clark was a department store chain headquartered in downtown Los Angeles, California, United States. Founded in 1909, the chain had 90 stores by 1957, from California to New York, and closed in 1999.
The chain was known for placing stores above street level, where rents were cheaper. Foreman & Clark began as a men's store, in 1909 on Third and Main Streets in downtown Los Angeles. By 1920 it owned three factories, in New Jersey and New York; and stores in San Diego, Oakland, San Francisco, Chicago, Kansas City and Pittsburgh. All the stores were upstairs.
A Foreman brother owned a chain of 14 Foreman and Clark stores in the Midwest. Headquartered in Minneapolis and Saint Paul, MN.
Living Relatives of the deceased business: Eric Foreman, Clare Foreman, Christian Foreman company
See also
Foreman & Clark Building, a building in downtown Los Angeles that housed a flagship store and corporate offices
List of defunct retailers of the United States
1992 TV commercial https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPqN1wTVwjM
References
Defunct department stores based in Greater Los Angeles
Defunct companies based in Greater Los Angeles
The Makira thrush (Zoothera margaretae), also known as the San Cristobal thrush, is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Makira thrush
Birds of Makira
Makira thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sarcoptes equi is a species of mites. It occurs in horses and riders; they can suffer an itchy skin disorder, a form of scabies.
References
Sarcoptiformes
Parasitic acari
Parasites of equines
Parasitic arthropods of mammals
Dustin Duncan is a Canadian provincial politician.  They are the Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan for the constituency of Weyburn-Big Muddy.
Elected in the June 2006 byelection at the age of 26, Dustin was named to a newly created Youth Opportunities critic portfolio by Opposition Leader Brad Wall.  They are the minister responsible for the Saskatchewan Watershed Authority.
Raised in Halbrite, Duncan is a graduate of the Weyburn Comprehensive School and has a B.A. in History from the University of Regina. They have also completed the Canadian Securities Course. Prior to being elected in Weyburn-Big-Muddy, they worked in the office of the Official Opposition and in the provincial Department of Health.
Duncan retained their seat in the general election held on November 7, 2007 and became the Minister of Health in the Saskatchewan Government.
In 2016, Duncan was assigned Minister of Energy and Resources and Minister responsible for SaskTel and SaskEnergy.
On November 9, 2020, Duncan was appointed Minister of Education by Premier Scott Moe.
Cabinet positions
References
1979 births
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Saskatchewan
People from Weyburn
Saskatchewan Party MLAs
21st-century Canadian politicians
University of Regina alumni
Lo Man Yi (born 12 March 1988) is a Singaporean former sailor, who specialized in the Laser Radial class. They captured the gold medal in their signature boat at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games in Manila, Philippines and eventually represented Singapore at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Lo trained throughout their sporting career for the Singapore Sailing Federation, under the tutelage of their personal coach Brett Beyer, a six-time Laser Apprentice Master world champion from Australia.
Lo competed for the Singaporean sailing squad, as a 20-year-old, in the inaugural Laser Radial class at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. A few months earlier, they were selected over the quota recipient Elizabeth Yin to lock the country's top Laser Radial spot for the Games, based on their performance in a series of international regattas approved by the Singapore Sailing Federation. Lo endured most of the races with mediocre scores, before finding their solace to beat the rest of the sailors for the third spot on the last leg. Lo's best result, however, was not enough to excel them towards the top of the scoreboard, sitting them in the twenty-fifth position with a net grade of 148.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Singaporean female sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Singapore
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser Radial
Southeast Asian Games medalists in sailing
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Singapore
In the fields of chemical graph theory, molecular topology, and mathematical chemistry, a topological index also known as a connectivity index is a type of molecular descriptor that is calculated based on the molecular graph of a chemical compound. Topological indices are numerical parameters of a graph which characterize its topology and are usually graph invariant. Topological indices are used for example in the development of quantitative structure-activity relationships (QSARs) in which the biological activity or other properties of molecules are correlated with their chemical structure.
Calculation
Topological descriptors are derived from hydrogen-suppressed molecular graphs, in which the atoms are represented by vertices and the bonds by edges. The connections between the atoms can be described by various types of topological matrices (e.g., distance or adjacency matrices), which can be mathematically manipulated so as to derive a single number, usually known as graph invariant, graph-theoretical index or topological index. As a result, the topological index can be defined as two-dimensional descriptors that can be easily calculated from the molecular graphs, and do not depend on the way the graph is depicted or labeled and no need of energy minimization of the chemical structure.
Types
The simplest topological indices do not recognize double bonds and atom types (C, N, O etc.) and ignore hydrogen atoms ("hydrogen suppressed") and defined for connected undirected molecular graphs only. More sophisticated topological indices also take into account the hybridization state of each of the atoms contained in the molecule. The Hosoya index is the first topological index recognized in chemical graph theory, and it is often referred to as "the" topological index. Other examples include the Wiener index, Randić's molecular connectivity index, Balaban's J index, and the TAU descriptors. The extended topochemical atom (ETA) indices have been developed based on refinement of TAU descriptors.
Global and local indices
Hosoya index and Wiener index are global (integral) indices to describe entire molecule, Bonchev and Polansky introduced local (differential) index for every atom in a molecule. Another examples of local indices are modifications of Hosoya index.
Discrimination capability and superindices
A topological index may have the same value for a subset of different molecular graphs, i.e. the index is unable to discriminate the graphs from this subset. The discrimination capability is very important characteristic of topological index. To increase the discrimination capability a few topological indices may be combined to superindex.
Computational complexity
Computational complexity is another important characteristic of topological index. The Wiener index, Randic's molecular connectivity index, Balaban's J index may be calculated by fast algorithms, in contrast to Hosoya index and its modifications for which non-exponential algorithms are unknown.
List of topological indices
Wiener index
Hosoya index
Hyper-Wiener index
Estrada index
Randić index
Zagreb indics
Szeged index
Padmakar–Ivan index
Gutman index
Application
QSAR
QSARs represent predictive models derived from application of statistical tools correlating biological activity (including desirable therapeutic effect and undesirable side effects) of chemicals (drugs/toxicants/environmental pollutants) with descriptors representative of molecular structure and/or properties. QSARs are being applied in many disciplines for example risk assessment, toxicity prediction, and regulatory decisions in addition to drug discovery and lead optimization.
For example, ETA indices have been applied in the development of predictive QSAR/QSPR/QSTR models.
References
Further reading
External links
Software for calculating various topological indices: GraphTea.
Theoretical chemistry
Mathematical chemistry
Graph invariants
Cheminformatics
Alfred Smith VC (18616 January 1932) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Smith was about 24 years old, and a gunner in the Royal Regiment of Artillery, British Army during the Mahdist War, when the following deed took place for which they were awarded the VC.
"At the Action of Abu Klea, on the 17th January last [1885], when the enemy charged, the square fell back a short, distance, leaving Lieutenant Guthrie, Royal Artillery, with their gun, in a comparatively unprotected position. At this moment a native rushed at Lieutenant Guthrie with a spear and would in all probability have killed that officer, who had no weapon in their hand at the time (being engaged in superintending the working of their gun), when Gunner Smith with a gun handspike warded off the thrust, thus giving Lieutenant Guthrie time to draw their sword, and with a blow bring the assailant to their knees, but as the latter fell they made a wild thrust at the Officer with a long knife, which Gunner Smith again warded off, not however before the native had managed to inflict a wound in Lieutenant Guthrie's thigh. Before the Soudani could repeat the thrust Gunner Smith killed them with the handspike and thus for the time saved the life of their Officer, though the latter unfortunately died some days afterwards of theirs wound".
In 1895, while working at the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich, Smith was involved in an accident when their forearm was crushed by machinery.
Their Victoria Cross is displayed at the Royal Artillery Museum, Woolwich, England.
Gunner Smith's unit, 1 Battery, Southern Division, Royal Artillery, was later re-numbered 176 Battery and still exists today. In 1955 it was awarded the honour title "Abu Klea" in recognition of Gunner Smith's VC.
References
Monuments to Courage (David Harvey, 1999)
The Register of the Victoria Cross (This England, 1997)
External links
Location of grave and VC medal (S.E. London)
1861 births
1932 deaths
British recipients of the Victoria Cross
Royal Artillery soldiers
British Army personnel of the Mahdist War
Military personnel from London
British Army recipients of the Victoria Cross
Rosario Alfred Fernandes (5 August 1932 − 21 October 2003), better known by their stage name Alfred Rose, was a Goan tiatrist. They were one of the most popular singers and composers of Konkani songs (of the cantaram category), and is routinely broadcast on the Panaji or Panjim station of All India Radio (Akashvani).  They are believed to have sung or composed, or both, around 5000 Konkani songs during their career.
Early life
Alfred Rose was born in Lankdem - Carona, Aldona to tiatrist A. M. B. Rose (Ambrose Fernandes) and Dolarosa Fernandes. They were initially given the nickname Junior Rose by tiatrist C. Alvares, being the youngest among the actors at the time their tiatr debut in 1943. They took the name Alfred Rose in 1950.
Career
Melody King
They remained one of the most popular tiatrists even after their death, with websites dedicated to him. Alfred Rose was known as The Melody King of Goa. Alfred Rose was also called The Man with the Golden Voice by the HMV recording company, and gifted other sobriquets like Konkani's Ambassador, International Superstar, and the Living Legend of Konkani Music. They have six decades of musical popularity to their credit, and was christened Junior Rose by versatile Konkani tiatrist C Alvares, as they were the youngest among the actors during their tiatr (a form of Konkani theatre) debut way back in 1943.
Firsts
Alfred Rose brought out the first Konkani audio cassette. They have the distinction of publishing fourteen song books containing lyrics of the numerous songs they have cut. Their novel Vingans Monte Cristochem, based on the famous novel The Count of Monte Cristo of Alexander Dumas, based on the father of hypnotism - Abbe Faria. Their novels include Munis vo Devchar, which is based on their drama by the same title. They introduced the concept of non-stop drama in Konkani with their presentation of Director Saib in 1961.
Film
Rose acted in Konkani films including Amchem Noxib and Sukhachem Sopon. They provided the musical score, sang, wrote the lyrics for and acted in the Konkani film Bogllant starring Prem Kumar with Rose's wife, Rita Rose - themselves a notable singer. They produced and directed their first tiatr Hench Tem Karan in 1956. Some of their hit tiatrs were Rogtak Tannelelo, Lakhpoti Nouro, Dotor Advogad, Bhangaracho Voti, Angounnechi Okol, Munis vo Deuchar, Pessaumcar, Nirmon vo Formonn and Natalanchi Bhett. Alfred Rose also composed music for Bollywood films. The Hindi film Love in Goa has music composed by him. They owned a band called Rosebuds Swing Band along with their brothers Marshall and Albert. They performed in various parts of India and in London, Paris, Frankfurt and the Middle East. Wearing a Panama hat on their head and a magic wand in their hand-delivering the opening song for tiatrs became their most identifiable image.
References
Further reading
External links
Alfred Rose songs on Gaana.Com
Alfred Rose on Saregama.com
Alfred Rose top tracks
Alfred Rose Discography at Discogs
Sukh Ailem Loton by Alfred Rose, from the movie Boglantt
1932 births
2003 deaths
Singers from Goa
Konkani-language singers
Tiatrists
20th-century Indian singers
Pope Celestine II (1143–1144) created nine cardinals in one consistory:
Consistory of 17 December 1143
Manfredo — cardinal-priest of S. Sabina, † 1157
Raniero — cardinal-priest of S. Stefano in Monte Celio, † shortly before 22. December 1144
Ariberto — cardinal-priest of S. Anastasia, † 1156
Rodolfo — cardinal-deacon of S. Lucia in Septisolio, † after 17 July 1167
Gregorio de Jacinto — cardinal-deacon of S. Angelo, then (April 1154) cardinal-bishop of Sabina, † 1154
Astaldo degli Astalli — cardinal-deacon of S. Eustachio, then (2 March 1151) cardinal-priest of S. Prisca, † 1161
Giovanni Caccianemici, Can.Reg. — cardinal-deacon of S. Maria Nuova, † 1152
Giovanni Paparoni — cardinal-deacon of S. Adriano, then (2 March 1151) cardinal-priest of S. Lorenzo in Damaso † towards the end of 1153
Hugo Novariensis — cardinal-deacon of S. Lucia in Orphea, then (19 May 1144) cardinal-priest of S. Lorenzo in Lucina, † 21 September 1150
Additional notes
Apart from the cardinals mentioned above sometimes it is erroneously claimed that Celestine II created also some other persons to the cardinalate, who actually were created by other popes or are confused with other cardinals.
Cardinal-priests Giulio of S. Marcello and Robert Pullen of S. Martino, and cardinal-deacon Giacinto Bobone (future pope Celestine III) almost certainly were created by Lucius II. On the other hand, cardinal-deacon Gregorio is attested as cardinal already under Innocent II. Also cardinal Guido de Summa, appointed by Celestine II to the rank of cardinal-priest of S. Lorenzo in Damaso, probably was already a cardinal-deacon under Innocent II.
Cardinal-priest Gezo of S. Susanna, who allegedly subscribed a bull on 15 March 1144, certainly "owes" their existence wrong transcription of the signature Goizo presbiter cardinalis tituli S. Caeciliae.
Finally, cardinal Ugo Misani of Bologna, ostensibly created cardinal-priest of S. Lorenzo in Lucina, is undoubtedly the same person as cardinal-deacon Ugo of S. Lucia in Septisolio, who was promoted to the rank of cardinal-priest of S. Lorenzo in Lucina by Lucius II, and was born in Novara, not in Bologna.
References
Sources
Barbara Zenker: Die Mitglieder des Kardinalkollegiums von 1130 bis 1159. Würzburg 1964
Johannes M. Brixius: Die Mitglieder des Kardinalkollegiums von 1130-1181. Berlin 1912
Phillipp Jaffé, Regesta pontificum Romanorum ab condita Ecclesia ad annum post Christum natum MCXCVIII, vol. I-II. Leipzig 1885-1888
Celestine II
12th-century Catholicism
College of Cardinals
, is a 1956 Japanese black and white film directed by Shigeyoshi Suzuki. The film is based on the novel by Hitomi Takagaki.
Cast
Yoshirō Kitahara (北原義郎)
Yoshiko Fujita
Yoshihiro Hamaguchi
See also
Eye of the Jaguar (豹の眼), 1956 film
References
External links
http://www2u.biglobe.ne.jp/~kazu60/zanmai09/retoro01.htm
Japanese black-and-white films
1956 films
Daiei Film films
1950s Japanese films
Muthalali is a 1965 Malayalam language film directed by M. A. V. Rajendran. It stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, T. S. Muthaiah and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. Muthalali is inspired by the Tamil language film of the same name.
The Tamil film Muthalali (1957), produced by M. A. Venu and directed by "Muktha" Sreenivasan made on a small budget, was a huge hit. The film won the National Award for the best Feature Film in the regional language category. It was the screen version of a popular play by the same name, written by A. K. Venkataramanujam. The unprecedented success of the film was attributed to its good script combined with strong mass elements like songs and performances.
The producers remade the film in Malayalam with the same title. It was released on 30 April 1965. Directed by M. A. V. Rajendran, the film was shot at Rathna Studios, Salem. Dance sequences choreographed by "Chinni" Sampath were an attraction of the film. Music director K. V. Mahadevan, who composed the music for the original recommended their assistant T. K. Pukazhenthi's name to compose for the remake. Playback singer B. Vasantha made their debut in Malayalam films through this film.
Plot
Venu who owns a glass factory in Ernakulam goes to America for higher studies. During Venu's absence their mother, Saraswathi Amma, manages the factory with the help of the manager Vikraman Nair. Gradually Vikraman brings everything under their control and swindles the company, taking advantage of Saraswathi Amma's trust in him.
After a few years Venu returns after their studies. They land in Bombay en route to Ernakulam where they meet Kesavan, a hotel employee. Through Kesavan they comprehend the hardships faced by labourers and the need to understand the life of a worker before becoming the owner of a factory. Venu sends telegram to their mother informing them that they have to go on a business tour and will reach home a month later.
Venu reaches Ernakulam, in disguise as Velu, and gets themselves a job in their own factory with the help of Devaki, a worker in the factory. Venu befriends their father, Raman Nair, and stays in their home.
Venu gets a clear picture of what Vikraman Nair is up to and how they manipulate the factory's assets. Vikraman, in the meanwhile, is in love with Malathi who Venu was supposed to marry. Venu falls in love with Devaki.
Within few days, Venu gets a clear picture of the crisis the factory is passing through. Vikraman's wicked eye falls on Devaki. Venu decides it is time to return as himself. They leaf after writing a letter to Devaki saying that they will come back soon. Devaki becomes suspicious of Venu's motives. Devaki is dismissed from their job in the factory.
They leave the city in search of Venu and reaches Thiruvananthapuram. There they meet their brother Kesavan, the hotel worker who Venu met in Bombay.
Venu returns and takes charge of the factory.  They are disappointed upon discovering that Devaki has been dismissed and that they have left the home. They meet the workers in their factory, tells them that they are aware of the manager's behaviour and assures them that there will be a change in how the factory is run.
Unable to come to terms with being shown their place in the factory, Vikraman spreads a rumour that Venu is an impostor Velu. And now for the climax.
Venu, in the meanwhile, sets out in search of Devaki and brings them back.  They are arrested on charges of impersonation on a complaint by Vikraman. All misunderstandings are cleared. Venu reveals the purpose behind coming back under disguise and exposes Vikraman Nair. The police arrest Vikraman for swindling the factory. Venu marries Devaki. The workers of the factory are now under a "Muthalali" (owner), who understands the hardships they face and acknowledges their rights.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Venu/Velu
Sheela (credited as Sheeladevi) as Devaki
T. S. Muthaiah as Vikraman Nair
Kumari Padmini as Malathi
Aranmula Ponnamma as Saraswathi Amma
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Raman Nair
S. P. Pillai as Paramu
Kottayam Santha as Meenashi
Pappukutty Bhagavathar as Kesavan
Panjabi as Sankaran
Santo Krishnan as Watchman
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Pukazhenthi and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam remakes of Tamil films
Films set in Kerala
Hemidactylus carivoensis is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Angola. It measures about in snout–vent length.
References
Hemidactylus
Geckos of Africa
Reptiles of Angola
Endemic fauna of Angola
Reptiles described in 2021
George "Shorty" Snowden (July 4, 1904 – May 1982) was an African American dancer in Harlem during the 1920s and 1930s. They and their partner Mattie Purnell invented the Harlem Lindy Hop in the dance marathon at Harlem's Rockland Palace between June and July 1928. Snowden and Purnell's invention was based on the breakaway pattern which they practically rediscovered via an accident in the dance marathon.
There existed various Lindy Hop dances around the U.S. since Charles Lindbergh's flight over the Atlantic Ocean in May 1927, which were not connected to the Harlem dance. The Harlem Lindy Hop was not the first of the Lindy Hop dances, but it was probably the only one which survived in the long run.
Snowden is sometimes inaccurately credited with coining the name 'Lindy Hop' for a popular partner jazz dance of the day. As there is evidence for their role in creating the Lindy Hop, there is no proper evidence for the naming of the dance. The term ‘Lindy Hop' in connection with Snowden and Purnell's invention was used for the first time in public in September 1928 when Snowden was advertised to perform in the Lincoln Theatre in Harlem. Whether it was Snowden or someone else who named the Lindy Hop for the newspaper advertisement is unclear.
After the dance marathon, Snowden became a popular dancer at the Savoy Ballroom in Harlem, New York, and around the United States when they with their dance group were the first Savoy Lindy Hoppers who took the Lindy Hop to competitions, ballrooms, night clubs, and Broadway plays like Blackbirds (1930) and Singing the Blues (1931) after their groundbreaking invention, and appears in the film After Seben (1929). They can also be seen in the film Ask Uncle Sol (1937), dancing with their most famous partner Big Bea.
The Shorty George in the Lindy Hop repertoire is named for Snowden. A man of diminutive height, they used their size for comic effect. With their partner Big Bea, Snowden would often out-dance other couples in dance competitions of the day, and was a member of a number of significant dance troupes, including the Shorty Snowden Dancers, which has been credited as the first Lindy Hop dance troupe.
Film tribute by Fred Astaire and Rita Hayworth
Rita Hayworth and Fred Astaire paid tribute to Snowden in their epic "Shorty George" number (music by Jerome Kern, lyrics by Johnny Mercer), intermittently squatting down as they danced to look shorter, in the 1942 film You Were Never Lovelier.
References
American swing dancers
American choreographers
Lindy Hop
1904 births
1982 deaths
African-American male dancers
African-American dancers
African-American choreographers
American male dancers
20th-century American dancers
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
Johanne "Anne-Marie" Marie Quist (born 26 December 1957 in Nijmegen, Gelderland) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. Them teammates were Marieke van Drogenbroek, Lynda Cornet, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Harriet van Ettekoven, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, and Wiljon Vaandrager.
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
1957 births
Living people
Dutch female rowers
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in rowing
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Nijmegen
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
20th-century Dutch women
21st-century Dutch women
Wang Ruowang (; February 4, 1918 – December 19, 2001) was a Chinese author and dissident who was imprisoned various times for political reasons by both the Kuomintang and the Communist government of China for advocating reform and liberalization. Their name at birth was "Shouhua" (), but they were most commonly known by their pen name, "Ruowang". They were a prolific essayist and literary critic.
Wang was a member of the Chinese Communist Party from 1937 to 1957, when they were expelled for holding "rightist views". They rejoined the Communist Party 1979, but in 1987 they were again expelled by Deng Xiaoping for promoting "bourgeois liberalization". After their death in exile in New York City, they were widely eulogized as one of the Chinese government's most significant social and political critics.
Biography
Early life
In 1932, when Wang was fifteen years old, they were expelled from school for taking part in a student demonstration. They joined the Communist Youth League later that year. In 1933 they moved to Shanghai, where they began work at a pharmaceutical factory while operating as a low-level Communist agent. While working at this factory they founded a publication, Toilet Literature, a newspaper that was distributed by being pasted on the walls of the factory workers' bathroom area. After writing an article in which they mocked Chiang Kai-shek for allowing the Japanese to seize Manchuria, they were arrested in May 1934, and sentenced to ten years in prison. After the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937, Chiang Kai-shek declared a "united front" with the Communists against the Japanese, and Wang was released after serving only three and a half years of their sentence as part of a general amnesty. Some of the Communists imprisoned with Wang became successful officials after the Communist victory in 1949: one became the governor of Guangdong, and another became the deputy governor of Anhui.
After Wang's release, in 1937, they joined the Communist Party of China and traveled to the Communist base in Yan'an. After arriving, Wang wrote one of the first biographical articles on Mao Zedong, and edited cultural journals intended to be circulated among peasants. They joined the Communist Party in order to "fight evil, autocracy and oppression", but was persecuted during the 1942 Yan'an Rectification Campaign for writing for a controversial wall newspaper, Light Cavalry, which was condemned by Party leaders for discussing dark and unsavory aspects of life in Yan'an. One of their friends was killed during the purge. After the purge, Wang was forced by Mao's lieutenant, Kang Sheng, to leave Yan'an and travel to Japanese-occupied Shandong as a low-level Communist agent, where they survived only "through the kindness of peasants". After entering Japanese-occupied China, Wang was briefly imprisoned by the Japanese, but was released.
Early conflict with the Communist Party
After the Japanese surrendered, in 1945, Wang was pardoned by Kang. They returned to Shanghai, where they worked at the East China Bureau Propaganda Department. They became a co-editor of a prominent local newspaper, and gained a reputation as an essayist and literary critic. In 1956, after Mao encouraged writers to criticize the Communist Party in the "A Hundred Flowers Campaign", Wang published ten articles critical of the Communist Party. These articles made them an early victim of the subsequent "Anti-Rightist Campaign", when those who had followed Mao's directions and spoken out were persecuted as "rightists". After being identified as a "rightist", Wang was expelled from the Party, lost their job, and was forced to work at a forced labour camp in the countryside. Their wife, Li Ming, was also persecuted for their association with him. After refusing to condemn him, they also lost their job and suffered a mental breakdown.
The Communist Party removed Wang's "rightist" label in 1962, but soon after Wang angered the Party again by publishing a story, "History of a Cauldron", in which they satirized the policies of the Great Leap Forward as cruel, impractical, and ironic. This story led the local leader of the Communist Party, Ke Qingshi, to renew the Party's attacks on Wang and their family. Before they died, in 1964, Wang's wife begged them to protect their family by never writing again. Wang blamed the Communist Party for their death.
After the Cultural Revolution began in 1966, Wang was persecuted as a "counterrevolutionary". They were imprisoned for four years in the same prison building that the Kuomintang had imprisoned them in during the 1930s, enduring conditions that they later described as "fascist brutality". Wang remained a political outcast until 1979, following Deng Xiaoping's ascent to power, when Wang was allowed to rejoin the Communist Party as part of a national programme to rehabilitate those unjustly persecuted during the Cultural Revolution. Following their political rehabilitation, they continued to criticize the government and agitated for greater human rights and democratic reforms.
Following Wang's rehabilitation, they were assigned to work as the deputy director of a Shanghai literary magazine. They resumed their literary career, becoming a member of the councils of both the Shanghai Writers' Association and the Chinese Writers' Association. In 1980 they published an autobiographical novel, Hunger Trilogy, which included a semi-fictional account of their time in both Kuomintang and Communist political prisons. In the book, Wang recalled how the Communists' political prisons had been much more cruel than Kuomintang political prisons. The book angered many Party officials by asserting that, although Chiang's and Mao's dictatorships used hunger as a weapon against their political opponents, Mao was more systematic and ruthless. Hunger Trilogy is the most well-known of Wang's books to be translated into English, and was well-received abroad. Within China, the article of theirs that gained the most attention was published in 1986, titled "One-Party Dictatorship Can Only Lead to Tyranny".
Involvement with student protests
In December 1986, college students demonstrated in over a dozen Chinese cities in order to agitate for greater economic and political freedoms. Deng Xiaoping, after two straight weeks of student demonstrations, came to the conclusion that the student movement was a result of "bourgeois liberalization", and named three Communist Party members to be expelled: Fang Lizhi, Liu Binyan, and Wang Ruowang. Deng personally attacked Wang for being "wildly presumptuous", and accused them of five "major mistakes", including a belief that Chinese socialism was "feudal or semi-feudal in essence". Because they were the oldest of the three protest leaders, Wang later gained a reputation as "the grandfather of Chinese dissidents". Of the three, they remained in China the longest.
Deng directed then-CCP General Secretary Hu Yaobang to expel them from the Party, but Hu refused. Because of their refusal, Hu was dismissed from their position as General Secretary in January 1987, effectively ending their period of influence within the Chinese government.
Following Wang's second expulsion from the Communist Party, Party officials attempted to mediate with Wang to change Wang's critical opinion of them, but were unsuccessful. In an interview with a reporter from Hong Kong in 1988, Wang came close to advocating the abolition of the Chinese Communist Party. When the Tiananmen Square protests began in 1989, Wang wrote a letter to Deng in support of the protesters, and organized a student march on Shanghai's city hall. The Tiananmen protests were suppressed in the June 4 "Tiananmen Massacre", and Wang went into hiding in the countryside on June 14. Their friends influenced them to return to Shanghai on June 19 by convincing them that they would not be arrested.
Wang was one of the few senior leaders of the Tiananmen protests who did not escape China. Following their return to Shanghai, Wang was put under house arrest until they were formally charged for their involvement in the demonstrations on September 8, 1989. They were accused in the Chinese media of "listening to the Voice of America and spreading rumors based on its broadcasts, writing articles in support of the student hunger strike, giving counterrevolutionary speeches on Shanghai's People's Square... publishing articles in the Hong Kong press", and trying to "overthrow the Party's leadership" with their writing. Wang was sentenced to fourteen months in prison. After their release from prison, their activities were closely watched by the government.
Life in exile
In 1992, following pressure from the American government, Wang was allowed to leave their home in Shanghai, in order to accept a temporary position as a visiting scholar at Columbia University, in New York City. They lived as an exile in the United States from then until their death, but always dreamed of returning to China. They traveled widely through North America, attempting to unite other exiled Chinese dissidents in a common cause, but was unsuccessful.
They died on December 19, 2001, two weeks after their doctors discovered that they had terminal lung cancer. One week before Wang's death the Chinese government offered to allow Wang to return to China on the condition that they not publish articles critical of the Chinese government or meet with local dissidents, but they refused. They were sent to Elmhurst Hospital in New York City, where they died. They were survived by their second wife, Yang Zi, and seven children. Two of their children flew from Shanghai to be with them before they died.
Following Wang's death, the Chinese government arrested ten men in Shanghai for discussing the possibility of a memorial service for Wang. Hundreds of people visited their memorial service in New York, including the most significant Chinese exiles then living in the United States. Some of those present included Liu Binyan, Fang Lizhi, Yan Jiaqi, Harry Wu, Wei Jingsheng, Xiao Qiang, Wang Dan, Tang Baiqiao, Cao Changqing, Chen Pokong and Gao Zhan. A representative of The Dalai Lama, who Wang had met several times following their exile, eulogized them at the memorial as a "freedom fighter".
Footnotes
References
Cheng, Eddie. "People of 1989: Wang Ruowang". Standoff At Tiananmen. December 19, 2010. Retrieved April 28, 2013.
Derbyshire, John. "The Single Talent Well Employ'd: Wang Ruowang 1918-2001". National Review Online. January 3, 2002. Retrieved April 28, 2013.
Gittings, John. "Wang Ruowang: Dissident Chinese Intellectual Devoted to Exposing 'False Marxists'". The Guardian. January 9, 2002. Retrieved April 28, 2013.
"Dalai Lama Calls Wang Ruowang a Freedom Fighter for a Liberal and Democratic China". International Campaign for Tibet. December 30, 2001. Retrieved April 27, 2013.
Lee, Khoon Choy. Pioneers of Modern China: Understanding the Inscrutable Chinese. Singapore: World Scientific Publishing. 2005. .
Mirsky, Jonathan. "The Life and Death of Wang Ruowang". China Brief. Volume 2, Issue 2. Washington, DC: The Jamestown Foundation. 2002. Retrieved April 27, 2013.
"Wang Ruowang, 83, Writer And Dissident Exiled by China". New York Times. December 23, 2001. Retrieved April 27, 2013.
Rubin, Kyna. "Introduction: The Growth of a Nation and an Intellectual". In Wang Ruowang. The Hunger Trilogy. Trans. Kyna Rubin and Ira Kasoff. United States: East Gate. 1991. . Retrieved April 28, 2013.
Woo, Elaine. "Wang Ruowang, 83; Social Critic Spurned by 2 Chinese Regimes". Los Angeles Times. December 22, 2001. Retrieved April 27, 2013/
External links
Wangruowang.org, a biography of Wang Ruowang.
A review of Wang's book, Hunger Trilogy.
1918 births
2001 deaths
Chinese dissidents
Victims of the Cultural Revolution
People's Republic of China essayists
Writers from Changzhou
20th-century novelists
Expelled members of the Chinese Communist Party
Chinese male novelists
20th-century essayists
Victims of the Anti-Rightist Campaign
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Darunavir/cobicistat, sold under the brand names Prezcobix (US) and Rezolsta (EU), is a fixed-dose combination antiretroviral medication used to treat and prevent HIV/AIDS. It contains darunavir and cobicistat. Darunavir is an HIV protease inhibitor and cobicistat increases the effectiveness of darunavir by blocking its metabolism by the enzyme CYP3A.
Darunavir/cobicistat was approved for use in the European Union in November 2014, and for use in the United States in January 2015.
References
External links
Antiretroviral drugs
Fixed dose combination (antiretroviral)
The Archdiocese of Seville is part of the Catholic Church in Seville, Spain. The Diocese of Seville was founded in the 3rd century. It was raised to the level of an archdiocese in the 4th century. The current archbishop is José Ángel Saiz Meneses. It has the suffragan dioceses of:
Cádiz y Ceuta
Córdoba
Huelva
Canaries
Jerez de la Frontera
San Cristóbal de La Laguna o Tenerife
Early History of the Diocese
During Roman times Seville was the capital of the Province of Baetica, and the origin of the diocese goes back to apostolic times, or at least to the 1st century. Saint Gerontius, Bishop of Italica, preached in Baetica, and without doubt must have left a pastor of its own to Seville. It is certain that in 303, when Saints Justa and Rufina were martyred for refusing to adore the idol Salambo, there was a Bishop of Seville named Sabinus, who assisted at the Council of Illiberis in 287.
Zeno (472–486) was appointed vicar apostolic by Pope Simplicius, and Pope Hormisdas gave the same charge to Bishop Sallustius in the provinces of Baetica and Lusitania. However, the see was rendered illustrious above all by the holy brothers Saints Leander and Isidore. The former of these contributed to the conversion of Saint Hermengild and Recared, and presided at the Third Council of Toledo in 589. While the latter presided at the Fourth Council of Toledo and was the teacher of medieval Spain.
The king's son Philip was appointed Archbishop of Seville, while they were given as coadjutor the Dominican Raimundo de Losada, Bishop of Segovia, who became archbishop five years later, on the abdication of the Infante. In addition to the cathedral chapter, another community of clerics was formed to sing the Divine Office in the Chapel Royal of Our Lady of the Kings (Nuestra Senora de los Reyes) about 1252.
Most of the other mosques of the city were converted into churches, but Santa María la Blanca, Santa Cruz, and San Bartolome were left to the Jews for synagogues. The cathedral originated in the great mosque which was the work of the emirs who built the Aljama mosque, rebuilt in 1171 by the Almohad emir, Yusuf-ben Yacub. The famous tower called the Giralda is due to Almanzor. In order to secure the liturgical orientation, when the mosque was converted into a cathedral its width was made the length of the new church; and it was divided into two parts, the lesser part, on the cast, being separated from the rest by a balustrade and grating, to form the chapel royal.
List of Bishops and Archbishops of Seville
Early bishops
1300 to 1500
1500 to 1700
1700 to 1900
1900 to present
Marcelo Spinola y Maestre (2 December 1895 – 20 January 1906) (Cardinal in 1905)
Salvador Castellote y Pinazo (6 December 1906 – 23 December 1906)
Enrique Almaraz y Santos (18 April 1907 – 16 December 1920) (Cardinal in 1912), appointed Archbishop of Toledo
Eustaquio Ilundáin y Esteban (16 December 1920 – 10 August 1937) (Cardinal in 1925)
(Cardinal) Pedro Segura y Sáenz (14 September 1937 – 8 April 1957)
José Bueno y Monreal (8 April 1957 – 22 May 1982) (Cardinal in 1958)
Carlos Amigo Vallejo (22 May 1982 – 5 November 2009) (Cardinal in 2003)
Juan Asenjo Pelegrina (5 November 2009 – 17 April 2021)
José Ángel Saiz Meneses (17 April 2021 – present)
Auxiliary bishops
References
External links
Archidiócesis de Sevilla
Centro de Estudios Teológicos de Sevilla
Seville
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Seville
The 1972 Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl, part of the 1972 bowl game season, took place on December 30, 1972, at the Houston Astrodome in Houston, Texas. The competing teams were the LSU Tigers and Tennessee Volunteers with each team being a member of the Southeastern Conference, although the teams did not meet in the regular season. Tennessee won the game 24–17.
Teams
LSU
The 1972 LSU Tigers finished the regular season with a 9–1–1 record with its lone loss coming against Alabama and a tie against Florida. The appearance marked the second for LSU in the Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl, and their eighteenth overall bowl game.
Tennessee
The 1972 Tennessee Volunteers finished the regular season with a 9–2 record with a loss to both Alabama and Auburn. The appearance marked the second for Tennessee in the Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl, and their nineteenth overall bowl game.
Game summary
Scoring summary
Source:
Statistics
References
Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl
Bluebonnet Bowl
LSU Tigers football bowl games
Tennessee Volunteers football bowl games
Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl
Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl
Christian D'Urso (born 26 July 1997) is an Italian professional football midfielder who plays for club Cosenza.
Club career
Early career
D'Urso was born in Rieti, Italy. They began their professional career in the youth teams of local Lazio club and Serie A giants A.S. Roma. After playing in the youth teams, D'Urso became a mainstay in the Primavera side and went on to make over fifty appearances under manager Alberto de Rossi, in the Campionato Nazionale Primavera and UEFA Youth League.
2016–17 season
After impressing, D'Urso was loaned out to Serie B side Latina in order to gain match experience in professional leagues. They made their debut for Latina on 27 August 2016 in an eventual 1–4 loss to Hellas Verona, playing just over half an hour after coming on as a substitute.
Loan to Apollon Smyrnis
On 30 August 2018, they joined Apollon Smyrnis of the Superleague on a season-long loan from Roma.
Cittadella
On 7 August 2019, D'Urso signed to Serie B side Cittadella a deal.
Perugia
On 31 January 2022, D'Urso moved to Perugia on loan with an obligation to buy.
Cosenza
On 1 July 2022, D'Urso signed with Cosenza.
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
People from Rieti
Footballers from Lazio
Association football midfielders
Italian footballers
Italy youth international footballers
A.S. Roma players
Latina Calcio 1932 players
A.C. Carpi players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
A.S. Cittadella players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
Cosenza Calcio players
Serie B players
Sportspeople from the Province of Rieti
East table
West table
Qualifications for the Yugoslav Inter-Republic League
External links
Football Association of Slovenia
Slovenian Republic Football League seasons
Yugo
3
Football
Football
Karl Martin Ingemar Almgren, (born 19 December 1987) is a Swedish singer and winner of Idol 2015 which was broadcast on TV4.
Almgren was born in Lindesberg. They released their debut single Can't Hold Me Down after winning the Globen finale.
They competed in Melodifestivalen 2018 with the song "A Bitter Lullaby", finishing in eighth place in the grand final.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
References
Living people
1987 births
Idol (Swedish TV series) winners
21st-century Swedish singers
21st-century Swedish male singers
Idol (Swedish TV series) participants
Domingo "Menggie" Cobarrubias (August 10, 1953 – March 26, 2020) was a Filipino actor who appeared in approximately 200 television shows and films.
Cobarrubias received a Gawad Urian Award for Best Supporting Actor for their role in the 1979 film Jaguar. They also won the Best Actor award in the 2014 QCinema International Film Festival for their performance in Mauban: Ang Resiko.
Death
Cobarrubias died on March 26, 2020, from complications of pneumonia. They were 66. Before their death, a COVID-19 test was administered. On April 1, 2020, five days after their death, their test came back positive for the disease.
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
References
External links
1953 births
2020 deaths
Filipino male film actors
Filipino male television actors
Deaths from pneumonia in the Philippines
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines
Robert Stephen Pindyck ( ; born January 5, 1945) is an American economist, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi Professor of Economics and Finance at Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  They are also a research associate with the National Bureau of Economic Research and a Fellow of the Econometric Society. They have also been a Visiting Professor at Tel-Aviv University, Harvard University, and Columbia University.
Professor Pindyck's teaching and research focuses on market structure, financial economics, environmental, resource, and energy economics, the role of uncertainty on investment decisions and policy formulation, and economic policy generally.
Education
Professor Pindyck did their undergraduate work at M.I.T., where they majored in physics and electrical engineering, and received their bachelor's degree in 1966. They went on to do their graduate work at M.I.T., where they completed a Master's degree in electrical engineering in 1967 and a PhD in economics in 1971. Their PhD dissertation dealt with the application of optimal control theory to the design of monetary and fiscal policy for macroeconomic stabilization.
After finishing their PhD, Professor Pindyck joined the faculty at the M.I.T. Sloan School of Management, where they have taught since 1971.
Research and Writing
During the 1970s, Professor Pindyck's research interests turned to microeconomics. Their early work focused on empirical studies of oil and natural gas markets and the effects of price regulation, and they wrote a book and several articles on world energy demand. They also studied the behavior and impact of cartels, especially in natural resource markets. They published several theoretical studies of resource exploration and depletion, including the role of uncertainty. Later, Professor Pindyck studied futures markets and the behavior of commodity futures and spot prices. This included a recent study that showed how inventories link futures and spot prices, so that futures price speculation can have very limited (if any) impact on spot prices.
Much of Professor Pindyck's work addressed the role and implications of uncertainty for market behavior, pricing, and production, and how various kinds of uncertainty affect irreversible investment decisions. With uncertainty, firms have options to make capital investments, and much of a firm's value can be attributed to the value of these options. Professor Pindyck has shown how this option value depends on the nature of the uncertainty, and how it can affect investment decisions and market structure. They have also shown how this concept of option value can also be applied to environmental policy, where there is uncertainty over potential (irreversibly) environmental damage from pollution.
Much of Professor Pindyck's work in environmental economics has focused on the economics of climate change. They have shown how uncertainty over future damages from climate change can affect policy decisions, such as the design of a carbon tax. Related to this, they have argued that large "Integrated Assessment Models" are of limited usefulness when applied to climate forecasting and the design of climate policy. In 2021, they completed a book on climate change. The book explains what we know and don't know about climate change, argues that despite our best intentions and efforts temperatures are likely to rise substantially over the coming decades, and shows how forms of adaptation can be used to reduce the impact of warming.
Professor Pindyck's most recent research has been related to how government policy can address potential global catastrophic events, such as major pandemics, nuclear or bio-terrorism, or a climate catastrophe. Their work has shown how traditional cost-benefit analysis fails when applied to policies to avert potential catastrophes, and how the value of lost lives can be taken into account in analyses of catastrophic events.
Teaching and Consulting
At the M.I.T. Sloan School of Management, Professor Pindyck has taught courses in microeconomics, market structure and corporate strategy, and econometrics. They have won numerous teaching awards at M.I.T, including the Jamieson Prize for Excellence in Teaching (2018).
Professor Pindyck is also the co-author of three textbooks. With Avinash Dixit, they wrote Investment Under Uncertainty (Princeton University Press, 1994; ), the first textbook exclusively about the real options approach to investments, and described as “a born-classic” in view of its importance to the theory. With Daniel L. Rubinfeld they are the author of two widely used textbooks, Microeconomics (9th Edition, Pearson, 2018; ), and Econometric Models and Economic Forecasts (4th Edition, McGraw-Hill, 1998; ).
In addition to their academic research and teaching, Professor Pindyck has been a consultant to a large number of public and private organizations.
References
External links
Robert Pindyck personal website
1945 births
Living people
20th-century American economists
21st-century American economists
Financial economists
Real options
Fellows of the Econometric Society
Euchrysops lois is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Somalia, south-western Saudi Arabia, Yemen and Oman.
References
Butterflies described in 1886
Euchrysops
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Arthur Gardiner Butler
St. Panteleimon Monastery in Myrtou / Aghios Panteleimon (Myrtou) (, ) is a former Eastern Orthodox monastery in Cyprus .
History
The monastery was founded by several monks in the 11th century. A reconstruction of the monastery, was carried out in the 16th and 17th centuries.
St Panteleimon is celebrated on 27 July.
Before the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974, many people from all over Cyprus were visiting the monastery to pay their respects to St Panteleimon as well as people from abroad. Since the invasion, the monastery of Saint Panteleimon remains empty.
Monastic building
The monastery complex is made up of buildings of various dates and includes a section used as a guest house. In the 19th and 20th centuries the resident monastic population was around 10-20.
A main entrance was constructed in the late 19th century. The church has Renaissance features but has been much altered. Around 17th-18th centuries the original nave was demolished and rebuilt with a remarkable covered exterior corridor (loggia) of pointed arches and vaulting (south side).
Between the nave and the loggia are the chapel of St Panteleimon, which is of ancient date.
It has a Barrel Vault style. It is separated from the nave by semi-circular arches sitting on short columns. This old part of the church has a number of doors and windows which open on to the exterior corridor.
The inside of the church had an Iconostasis (wall of icons and religious paintings separating the nave from the sanctuary) which included portions of an
older mediaeval screen. The part of the iconostasis across the chapel of St Panteleimon had elaborate wood carving, much added recently. Many icons were of superior quality, possibly medieval.
The chapel of St Panteleimon is separated from the rest by an unusual elegant iron screen. This unusual feature
gives much interest to the interior.
The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the (bi-communal) Technical Committee on Cultural Heritage in Cyprus, and European Union started conservation works to St Panteleimon monastery on 9 October 2015.
References
External links
Ξεκίνησε η αναστήλωση του μοναστηριού του Αγίου Παντελεήμονα στην κατεχόμενη Μύρτου (PHOTOS) | Διακόνημα
Παραδίδεται από την Τεχνική Επιτροπή και η μονή του Αγ. Παντελεήμονα στη Μύρτου, Η ΚΑΘΗΜΕΡΙΝΗ, kathimerini.com.cy
Σώθηκε από κατάρρευση το μοναστήρι Αγ. Παντελεήμονα στην Μύρτου (εικόνες+βίντεο) philenews.com
Ελπίδα τα έργα συντήρησης στη Μονή Αγίου Παντελεήμονα Μύρτου στα κατεχόμενα ekirikas.com
Συγκίνηση: Ολοκληρώθηκε η Α' φάση αποκατάσταση της Ι.Μ. Αγ. Παντελεήμονα στη Μύρτου | Mignatiou.com
Christian monasteries established in the 11th century
Eastern Orthodox monasteries in Cyprus
Historic sites in Cyprus
Cameraria anomala is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 3–4.8 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus agrifolia and Quercus wislizeni. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Etymology
The specific name is derived from the Greek anomalus (meaning uneven, irregular) in reference to the highly irregular margin of the male valvae.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths of North America
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1981
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Access to public information and freedom of information (FOI) refer to the right to access information held by public bodies also known as "right to know". Access to public information is considered of fundamental importance for the effective functioning of democratic systems, as it enhances governments' and public officials' accountability, boosting people participation and allowing their informed participation into public life. The fundamental premise of the right to access public information is that the information held by governmental institutions is in principle public and may be concealed only on the basis of legitimate reasons which should be detailed in the law.
In Albania the right to access to public information is guaranteed by the Constitution and by the Law on the Right to Information approved in 2014 and providing for a sound legal framework regulating access to public information. However, despite some significant progress toward securing the right to information over the last years, notable weakness remains in the functioning of the system and in the implementation of the law. Access is still a challenge in a country with a strong culture of secrecy and confidentiality.
Background
Albania provides both constitutional and legal guarantees of the right to information. Efforts to establish a constitutional and legal framework securing citizens' right to access public information date back to the early 1990s during Albania's transition from a Communist country to a multi-party democratic system.
The Constitution, effective since 1998, enshrined this right in Article 23 and provides for the right of every person to access information held by state bodies and to attend public meetings. In 2004, the parliament passed the Law 8503, the Right to Information about Official Documents law, becoming the first country in the region to adopt a legislation on freedom of information. Currently, access to information is regulated by the Law on the Right to Information approved in 2014, which is an upgrade of previous laws and regulations.
Albania has also committed itself to realize the right to access public information through several international agreements. In 2002, Albania ratified the Convention on access to Information, Public Participation in Decision-Making and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters (Aarhus Convention) which requires the adoption of laws on access to environmental information. Moreover, as a member of the Council of Europe, Albania has committed to comply with a 2002 recommendation on access to official document.
Legal Framework
The new Right to Information Law of Albania has been assessed by many experts as one of the most important steps towards transparency and accountability, bringing Albanian legislation closer with the best international standards.
The new law provided greater access for the public to official documents, and sets forth a system of penalties for public officials who refused to disclose information. The new legislation includes also an array of new concepts, such as the possibility of reclassifying secret documents, the release of partial information and the use of ICTs to make information held py public bodies available and accessible to the public. The law also establishes the obligation to appoint coordinators for access to information by every public authority charged with the task of supervising the authority's responses to information requests and created the institution of a Commissioner for the Right to Information and Protection of Personal Data charged with supervising and monitoring compliance with the law and appeals bodies and procedures in cases of refusal or partial disclosure. Under the new law the Commissioner has the faculty to use disciplinary sanctions against those violating the requirements established in the law. The sanction system for failure to respect the right to information has been strengthened with the introduction of heavy administrative sanctions for officials violating the law.
Furthermore, the new has broadened the scope of the definition of the term “public information” defined as any data registered in any form and format, maintained by a public authority as well as the definition of the term “public authority” which now encompasses commercial companies where the state holds the majority of shares, as well as any legal entity exercising public functions. Proactivity of publication for certain categories of information has been introduced.
The law establishes that requests for information of public interest can be made orally or in writing. The provision of information is free of charge: the law only enables public bodies to charge the costs for photocopying; no charge can be applied to electronic delivery.
Public bodies are obliged to give an answer within 10 days from the submission of the request (under the previous legal framework it was 40). In case the request is rejected, the applicant has the right to appeal to the Commissioner and then to the courts.
Exceptions to the right to information are established by the law, including for reasons of national security and international and intergovernmental relations.
Access to public information in practice
Despite the improvements introduced by the new legal framework, the effectiveness of its implementation still remains to be seen. According to the journalist Rudina Hoxha, one of the problem is that the two institutions that should monitor the application of the law, meaning the Information and Data Protection Commissioner and the Ombudsman, have in fact a counseling character and even though by the law they are entitled to apply sanctions, this happens very rarely.
According to a 2016 report by the NGO Mjaft Movement, Albanian public institutions comply with their obligations to provided public information under FOI requests only in 42% of the cases. To test and monitor the application of the new law, the organisation submitted 230 requests for information to different public bodies, including central institutions, local ones, justice institutions and public universities. Out of 230 requests, only 98 replies were obtained. Only 80 of these answers disclosed the required information. The remaining 18 were cases of incomplete information provision.
The report found out that Albanian municipalities were the most problematic and opaque institutions in terms of applying the FOI law. The main problem concerned non-compliance with the obligation to appoint the coordinator on the right to information and great lack of transparency on budget and financial issues.
See also
Access to public information in Europe
Freedom of information
Freedom of information laws by country
Transparency of media ownership in Europe
Media of Albania
Transparency of media ownership in Albania
References
Rights
Freedom of speech
Human rights by issue
Téréba Togola (1948–2005) was a Malian archaeologist from Sikasso. They participated in the country's first national inventory of its archaeological sites.
Biography
Togola was born in Bougouni Cercle, Sikasso in 1948 to a Bambara village chief and one of their later wives who was thought to be barren; in the Bambara language, Téréba translates to "surprise" or "miraculous birth". For some time they worked as a teacher in the Kayes Region. After studying at the Ecole Normale Supérieure of Bamako, they were introduced to archaeology by Michael Rainbault in 1982. They were employed by the Institut des Sciences Humaines and began conducting archaeological expeditions to the Lakes Region. In 1984, they accompanied Rainbault in an expedition to Kawinza in the Timbuktu Region.
In 1986 they received a Fulbright Fellowship to Rice University where they eventually completed an MA and PhD with Roderick and Susan McIntosh. Later they would continue excavations with them at the Djenné-Jeno site (1994, 1997, 1999) and others within the Timbuktu Region, documented by National Geographic. In January 1987 they became the first to excavate Dia. By 1987, Togola's work with the McIntoshes had documented 108 Iron Age sites in Mali. In 1989–1990, they worked extensively with Kevin MacDonald, then of the University of Cambridge and undertook vigorous investigations in the Mema, where they inventoried 137 sites, including 32 of the Neolithic period. In 2003 and 2004, they organized another expedition to the Mema with a Japanese team.
Togola was instrumental in securing Tombeau des Askia of Gao as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and also protecting the Timbuktu monuments during their term as Cultural Minister. They excavated the mosques of Gao and authored works on it. They were "dedicated to a thorough reconstruction of the country's rich past, and their own publications." They were also the author of The Inland Delta and the Manding Mountains, and Archaeological investigations of Iron Age sites in the Mema Region, Mali (West Africa) (2008).
Togola was a member of several organizations, including Association pour le Développement de l'Arrondissement de Koumantou, Association des Etudes Mandé, Association des Historiens du Mali, Association OuestAfricaine d'Archéologie, Association Panafricaine de Préhistoire et Disciplines Assimilées, Comité Scientifique pour le Développement de la Boucle du Baoulé, Karité Mali, Réseau des archéologues africains, and Société des Archéologues Africanistes.
They served as the National Director of Cultural Heritage within Mali's Ministry of Culture from 1998; they died of kidney failure in 2005. Five years earlier, they received the honorary title Chevalier de l'Ordre National du Mali (Knight of the National Order of Mali).
See also
History of Mali
List of heritage registers
References
1948 births
2005 deaths
Malian archaeologists
People from Sikasso
Rice University alumni
Knights of the National Order of Mali
Deaths from kidney failure
20th-century archaeologists
21st-century archaeologists
21st-century Malian people
The gray-breasted mountain toucan (Andigena hypoglauca) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae found in humid highland forest, often at the tops of the trees, in the Andes of southern Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. It remains locally fairly common, but has declined due to habitat loss.
Taxonomy and systematics
The grey-breasted mountain toucan was originally described in the genus Pteroglossus.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
A. h. hypoglauca - (Gould, 1833): Found from central Colombia to eastern Ecuador
A. h. lateralis - Chapman, 1923: Found in eastern Ecuador and central Peru
Description
This species is distinguished from other mountain toucans by its colorful bill: red and black at the tip and yellow-green at the base, where there is a black, thumbprint-shaped mark. The black head is set off from the chestnut-brown back by a pale gray collar. the northern nominate subspecies has dark eyes, while the southern A. h. lateralis has pale eyes. Total length of the gray-breasted mountain toucan is 46–48 cm (18–19 in) long and weight is 244-370 grams (8.6–13.1 oz).
Behaviour and ecology
A wide variety of fruits and berries are eaten and this species is often more willing than most largish toucans to leave the canopy to eat raspberries near the base of the trees. They tend to remain quiet while flying and are known to mix often with other birds while foraging, including larger species of tanagers, thrushes and icterids, both behavior unusual in toucans. Very little is known about the life history details for this species.
References
grey-breasted mountain toucan
Birds of the Northern Andes
grey-breasted mountain toucan
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Commodity trading in China has a short but high-growth history. With an increasing product variety and deepening liquidity pools, the mainland's futures market is playing an increasingly important role in serving the national economy.
At present, the commodity markets in China are still in a development stage, with only a few exchanges in China trading in a small group of commodities. In the next few years, the Chinese government will gradually allow more commodities products to be traded in China along with various related derivatives.
Size
Trading volume of the nation's three commodity futures exchanges totaled 40.97 trillion yuan in 2007, up 95% from the year before. The aggregate trading volume of these exchanges amounted to 728.46 million hands in 2007, up 62% over the previous year. More than half of the transactions took place on the Dalian bourse, while turnover on the Shanghai bourse amounted to 23 trillion yuan, accounting for half of the total.
The boom of large trading market across the country has contributed to the increased flow of vegetables and fruit from south to north and west to east and promoted the country's commercialization of agricultural products.
Development
The demand for commodity futures as hedging tools has been on the rise as the Chinese economy continues to advance at a brisk pace. The country is now one of the largest producers and consumers of a wide range of commodities, including oil, steel, copper, corn, wheat and soybean. To diversify their product ranges, the nation's three commodity futures exchanges are doing research to introduce new contracts.
For example, the Shanghai bourse plans to launch new contracts on nickel, silver and steel futures in the coming years. The Zhengzhou bourse is preparing to launch early long-grain non-glutinous rice futures, while the Dalian bourse is preparing to introduce hog futures to protect hog breeders from being exposed to sharp price swings.
As a major producer and consumer of commodities, China has large potential for developing its futures market. China's commodity futures markets have expanded product ranges and deepened liquidity pools to cater to the increasingly diverse needs of the nation's rapidly growing economy.
With increasing volatility in global commodity markets and prices, companies have been expanding their agricultural product, precious/base metal, fuel oil and other commodity-related investments in China.
Exchanges
There are three commodity exchanges in China after the merger of 50 exchanges into 14 in 1995 and subsequently into three in 1999.
The China Financial Futures Exchange (CFFEX), the country's first financial futures exchange, was inaugurated in October 2006. The long-awaited CSI300, the first mainland stock index futures, will be traded on this bourse, which is working to the launch.
See also
Commodity trading in India
China National Commodity Exchange Center
Commodity Trading Market of China
Commodities exchange
Commodity market
References
Emerging Exchanges overview - the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD)
Peck, Anne E. "The Development of Commodity Exchanges in the Former Soviet Union, Eastern Europe, and China" Australian Economic Papers, Volume 40, Number 4, December 2001, pp. 437–460(24)
Further reading
China's Financial Markets: An Insider's Guide to How the Markets Work By Salih N. Neftci, Michelle Yuan Menager-Xu (Elsevier, 2006)
External links
A Glance at China's Commodity Trade 1998
Futures & Options Exchanges
China: The fall and rise of Chinese futures, 1990-2005
Commodity exchanges in China
Finance in China
Allan Cameron (1805–?) and William Withers (1802–1886) were the co-founders of Penetangore (Kincardine), Ontario.
Allan Cameron
Allan Cameron was born November 16, 1805, in Cornwall, Ontario, to Scotsman Alexander Cameron and Sarah Parks. Allan was nicknamed 'black prince' due to their dark complexion.
William Withers
William Withers was born September 21, 1802, in Portsmouth, England, to Ebenezer Withers and Sarah Warriker. On December 31, 1827, William Withers married Sophia Cameron, sister of Allan Cameron. On December 30, 1886, William Withers died near Portland, Oregon, USA.
Founding a Town
The Brothers-in-law spent the winter of 1847/1848 in Oxford County gathering the equipment they knew necessary for a settlement in the wilderness of the Queen's Bush. Captain A. Murray MacGregor and others who plied the lake in all seasons, taking heavy catches from the fishing island to the Detroit and Buffalo markets knew that midway between Goderich and the mouth of the Saugeen River (Port Elgin), where Natives had lond traded, the waters of a stream of fair size merged with Lake Huron. This agreed with Withers and Cameron and offered promise of an ideal site for a settlement since it would provide water power, was not too far from Ashfield, Wawanosh and the northern fringe settlement in Huron and in the direct path of the anticipated northward course settlers who would flock in as soon as the land was offered.
Shortly after the breaking of the ice on the lake, Withers and Cameron headed into the Queen's Bush in the spring of 1848 [The exact date is said to have been March 5, 1848. ]. William Withers and their brother in law, Allan Cameron landed by ship ("The Fly", owned and sailed by Captain A. Murray MacGregor)on the shores of Lake Huron at the mouth of the Pentangore River. Close to the spot where they landed they built a log house, in which Allan Cameron kept hotel, William Withers built a dam and a sawmill. Cameron and Withers named this settlement Penetangore, in reference to the river. In the next couple of years more settlers saw the potential in the land that Withers and Cameron saw. By the winter of 1848/1849 seven families inhabited the settlement of Penetangore.
References
Kincardine, Ontario
1802 births
1805 births
1886 deaths
Canadian people of English descent
Canadian people of Scottish descent
People from Cornwall, Ontario
People from Portsmouth
Batrachorhina niveoplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1948. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1948
Rolando Giono (born March 8, 1987) is a Panamanian professional boxer.
Giono lost to Emanuel Lopez for the WBA interim lightweight title.
They also lost to Jackson Marinez for the WBA Fedelatin lightweight.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Panamanian male boxers
Featherweight boxers
Super-featherweight boxers
Lightweight boxers
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Miyazu, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway company Willer Trains (Kyoto Tango Railway).
Lines
Iwatakiguchi Station is a station of the Miyazu Line, and is located 32.8 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one ground-level side platform serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on July 31, 1925.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 55 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Suzuhiko Shrine
Japan National Route 176
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Kyoto Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
Miyazu, Kyoto
Tecnologia is a rugby team based in Lisbon, Portugal. As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby (National Championship). The team is the official rugby team of the Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia da Universidade Nova de Lisboa at the Universidade Nova de Lisboa.
Portuguese rugby union teams
Smim Htaw (, ; died 27 March 1553) was a pretender to the Hanthawaddy throne, and the last king in the line of the Hanthawaddy dynasty. They ruled a small region around Pegu as king from 1550 to 1552.
An ex-Buddhist monk, and a son of King Binnya Ran II by a minor queen, Htaw first raised a rebellion in 1549 during the reign of King Tabinshwehti of Toungoo, who had conquered the Mon-speaking kingdom ten years earlier. Htaw was on the run in the delta chased after by Gen. Bayinnaung of Toungoo when Tabinshwehti was assassinated by one of their close advisers, Smim Sawhtut, on 30 April 1550. Sawhtut proclaimed themselves king. Htaw raised an army and defeated Sawhtut near Pegu (Bago) in August 1550. Though proclaimed themselves king at once, Htaw controlled just the region around Pegu.
Their rule at Pegu lasted about a year and a half as Bayinnaung, who was heir apparent under Tabinshwehti, came to attack Pegu in March 1552. North of the city, Toungoo and Peguan forces met. In desperation, Htaw challenged and fought Bayinnaung in single combat, both on their war elephants. Bayinnaung was victorious, charging their foe and driving them off after breaking the tusk of Htaw's elephant. Bayinnaung reportedly "paid Htaw no more heed than a lion does to jackals." Pegu was taken. Htaw was on the run for the next 12 months until they were captured in March 1553. They were brought to Pegu and executed on 27 March (13th waxing of Tagu 935 ME).
References
Bibliography
Hanthawaddy dynasty
1553 deaths
Year of birth unknown
16th-century Burmese monarchs
The Last Edition is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Emory Johnson based on the story by Emilie Johnson. The photoplay is set in San Francisco, California, and stars Ralph Lewis as a pressman at the San Francisco Chronicle newspaper. The movie was released on November 8, 1925 by Film Booking Offices of America.
The motion picture was filmed in and around the "Old Chronicle Building" located at 690 Market Street in downtown San Francisco. However, "in 1924, The Chronicle commissioned a new headquarters at 901 Mission Street on the corner of 5th Street." The Chronicle completed the move in 1925, shortly after the film crews were finished shooting.
Plot
The story starts by introducing us to Tom McDonald, played by Ralph Lewis. Tom is a pressman and the assistant supervisor in the San Francisco Chronicle pressroom. Tom finds out they were passed over for the job of press supervisor. The job was given to a younger man. Though disappointed, they take solace knowing their son Ray McDonald, played by Ray Hallor, has a good job in the district attorney's office. Tom also has a daughter – Polly, played by Frances Teague.
Clarence Walker, played by Rex Lease is a reporter for The Chronicle. They work in the same building as Tom. Clarence secretly admires Polly McDonald. Currently, Clarence is also working on a hot story about a gang of bootleggers. The bootleggers feel Clarence is getting too close to their operations. They devise a plan to throw Clarence off their track. They create a news diversion by setting up another hot story for Clarence to follow. They frame prominent attorney Ray McDonald on a bribery charge.
Clarence jumps on the new lead, investigates the accusations, and quickly files their bribery story at the front desk of The Chronicles. Clarence's account is deemed a headliner for the newspaper. When the editor checks, they find out there is just enough time for Clarence's bribery story to make The Chronicle'''s last edition. Just as the story is about to hit the presses, Tom McDonald finds out the evening's headline is about their son Ray. After reading the article, Tom knows in their heart that Ray could not be guilty of any bribery charge. Tom becomes enraged and attempts to destroy the press.
Tom's attempted destruction fails. During this time, the entire Chronicle plant burns to the ground. Tom is blamed for the fire.  They are immediately thrown in jail, coincidentally in the same cell as their son.
Clarence believes Tom when they say their son is innocent. Clarence teams up with Polly to investigate the circumstances surrounding the bribery charge. After working together, they uncover evidence exonerating both father and son. A new plant is constructed; Tom is promoted to supervisor; Clarence marries Polly.
Cast
{|
! style="width: 140px; text-align: left;" | Actor
! style="width: 230px; text-align: left;" | Role
|- style="text-align: left;"
| Ralph Lewis || Tom McDonald
|-
| Lila Leslie || Mary McDonald
|-
| Ray Hallor || Ray McDonald
|-
| Frances Teague || Polly McDonald
|-
| Rex Lease || Clarence Walker
|-
| Lou Payne || George Hamilton
|-
| David Kirby || Red Moran
|-
| Wade Boteler || Mike Fitzgerald
|-
| Cuyler Supplee || Gerald Fuller
|-
| Lee Willard || Aaron Hoffman
|-
| Will Frank || Sam Blotz
|-
| Ada Mae Vaughn || Stenographer
|-
| Billy Bakewell || “Ink” Donovan
|-
|}
Restoration
At one time, it was believed no copies of this film had survived. In 2011, Rob Byrne, a Bay Area film preservationist, discovered a surviving copy of the film in the archives of the EYE Film Institute. EYE is located in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A collaboration was arranged between the EYE Film Institute and the San Francisco Silent Film Festival.
The highly flammable nitrate film was restored to create two new 35mm exhibition prints. One copy was made available to the EYE Film Institute and the other to the U.S. Library of Congress. Research on the movie also led to the discovery of an original trailer for the film located in the archives of the Library of Congress.
The restoration team encountered another problem. The original intertitles for the American film were in English. The intertitles for the discovered copy were in Dutch. Two volunteers were able to translate the Dutch intertitles back to English.Rescuing The Last Edition: The quest to restore the “lost” 1925 drama., retrieved April 5, 2014
Preservation status
A report created by film historian and archivist David Pierce for the Library of Congress claims:
75% of original silent-era films have perished.
14% of the 10,919 silent films released by major studios exist in their original 35mm or other formats.
11% survive in full-length foreign versions or on film formats of lesser image quality. Many silent-era films did not survive for reasons as explained on this Wikipedia page.
Emory Johnson directed 13 films - 11 were silent, and 2 were Talkies. The Last Edition'' was the seventh film in Emory Johnson's eight-picture contract with FBO. The film's original length is listed at 7 reels. According to the Library of Congress website, this film has the status of - Archive: Eye Film Institute Netherlands (Amsterdam) [Nla].
A completely restored copy of this film exists. On January 19, 2021 a complete copy of the restored film in HD was uploaded to Vimeo. A link to the film is provided here - The Last Edition Restored
Gallery
See also
List of rediscovered films
References
External links
The Last Edition at silentera.com
website about the restoration
1925 adventure films
1920s romance films
1925 films
1925 drama films
American action adventure films
American adventure films
American black-and-white films
American romance films
American romantic drama films
American silent feature films
Film Booking Offices of America films
Melodrama films
1920s rediscovered films
Rediscovered American films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent adventure films
Silent American drama films
At sea level the Großer Riedelstein is the highest point on the Kaitersberg mountain ridge in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany. Its rocky summit is decorated by a stone monument in memory of the poet, Maximilian Schmidt, known as "Forest Schmidt" (Waldschmidt).
In summer the Großer Riedelstein is a favourite hiking destination with its beautiful panoramic views in all directions. In the winter a ski lift brings skiers from the Ecker Saddle to just beneath the summit. Several hiking trails lead to the top, including those from Thalersdorf, Arnbruck and Arrach. In addition the E6 European long-distance trail passes over the Großer Riedelstein en route from Bad Kötzting to the Großen Arber.
Not far from the summit there is an important climbing area, the so-called Rauchröhren. To the south is the Kleiner Riedelstein, .
Cham (district)
Regen (district)
Mountains of Bavaria
One-thousanders of Germany
Mountains of the Bavarian Forest
Weapon System 124A, given the codename Flying Cloud, was a project of the United States Air Force to use high-altitude balloons to deliver bombs and weapons of mass destruction on enemy targets. Tested in late 1954, the project was found to be unfeasible from the standpoint of accuracy, and the project was terminated the following year.
Design and development
Alongside the WS-119L program to develop long-distance, high-altitude balloons for aerial reconnaissance, the United States Air Force initiated WS-124A in early 1953 to develop a method of delivering weaponry to targets in the Soviet Union using hydrogen balloons; such a capability was considered potentially valuable in the event of a limited nuclear conflict, or in a "broken-back" scenario following a massive nuclear exchange.
The WS-124A balloons were intended to fly at altitudes of roughly , within the jet stream; as weather forecasts were considered to be sufficiently accurate to forecast approximately three days of wind patterns, the design flight duration was for 60 hours, in which they were expected to cover a distance of . The WS-124A balloon was designed to be capable of launching in wind speeds of up to .
It was accepted that there would be an inherent inaccuracy in the concept; the expected target area was by , which was considered acceptable as the designed payloads involved chemical and biological weaponry, although incendiary bombs, for starting forest fires, were also considered as a payload. It was believed that releasing chemical or biological agents from the balloons could contaminate an area "comparable in size to that affected by a low-yield nuclear weapon". Some sources claim that dirty bombs were also considered for carriage by WS-124A. In addition, the ability of the balloons to spread propaganda leaflets across enemy territory was considered useful.
Operational history
Flight tests of the WS-124A balloon system started on 8 October 1954; by 13 December, 41 balloons had been launched, 25 of which were fully operational test flights. Even allowing for the expected inaccuracy, however, only six of the balloons reached their intended target area, while five more were considered to be close enough. This was not considered an acceptable level of accuracy, and in August 1955 the WS-124A program was cancelled, the conclusion being that the weather forecasts were simply not accurate enough for the system to be operationally feasible. In addition, the advent of thermonuclear weapons had made the "broken-back war" scenario WS-124A was intended for appear an impossibility.
See also
Fire balloon
Bat bomb
References
Citations
Bibliography
Chemical weapon delivery systems
Biological weapon delivery systems
Balloon weaponry
Abandoned military projects of the United States
Aircraft first flown in 1954
Data Stream Mining (also known as stream learning) is the process of extracting knowledge structures from continuous, rapid data records. A data stream is an ordered sequence of instances that in many applications of data stream mining can be read only once or a small number of times using limited computing and storage capabilities.
In many data stream mining applications, the goal is to predict the class or value of new instances in the data stream given some knowledge about the class membership or values of previous instances in the data stream.
Machine learning techniques can be used to learn this prediction task from labeled examples in an automated fashion.
Often, concepts from the field of incremental learning are applied to cope with structural changes, on-line learning and real-time demands.
In many applications, especially operating within non-stationary environments, the distribution underlying the instances or the rules underlying their labeling may change over time, i.e. the goal of the prediction, the class to be predicted or the target value to be predicted, may change over time. This problem is referred to as concept drift. Detecting concept drift is a central issue to data stream mining. Other challenges that arise when applying machine learning to streaming data include: partially and delayed labeled data, recovery from concept drifts, and temporal dependencies.
Examples of data streams include computer network traffic, phone conversations, ATM transactions, web searches, and sensor data.
Data stream mining can be considered a subfield of data mining, machine learning, and knowledge discovery.
Software for data stream mining
MOA (Massive Online Analysis): free open-source software specific for mining data streams with concept drift developed in Java. It has several machine learning algorithms (classification, regression, clustering, outlier detection and recommender systems). Also, it contains a prequential evaluation method, the EDDM concept drift methods, a reader of ARFF real datasets, and artificial stream generators as SEA concepts, STAGGER, rotating hyperplane, random tree, and random radius based functions. MOA supports bi-directional interaction with Weka (machine learning).
scikit-multiflow: A machine learning framework for multi-output/multi-label and stream data implemented in Python. scikit-multiflow contains stream generators, stream learning methods for single-target and multi-target, concept drift detectors, evaluation and visualisation methods. (This software is discontinued)
StreamDM: StreamDM is an open source framework for big data stream mining that uses the Spark Streaming extension of the core Spark API. One advantage of StreamDM in comparison to existing frameworks is that it directly benefits from the Spark Streaming API, which handles much of the complex problems of the underlying data sources, such as out of order data and recovery from failures.
RapidMiner: commercial software for knowledge discovery, data mining, and machine learning also featuring data stream mining, learning time-varying concepts, and tracking drifting concept (if used in combination with its data stream mining plugin (formerly: Concept Drift plugin))
RiverML: River is a Python library for online machine learning. It is the result of a merger between creme and scikit-multiflow. River's ambition is to be the go-to library for doing machine learning on streaming data.
GAENARI: C++ incremental decision tree. It continuously executes inserts and updates of chunked data sets. Rebuild support for concept drift issues.
Events
International Workshop on Ubiquitous Data Mining held in conjunction with the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI) in Beijing, China, August 3–5, 2013.
International Workshop on Knowledge Discovery from Ubiquitous Data Streams held in conjunction with the 18th European Conference on Machine Learning (ECML) and the 11th European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (PKDD) in Warsaw, Poland, in September 2007.
ACM Symposium on Applied Computing Data Streams Track held in conjunction with the 2007 ACM Symposium on Applied Computing (SAC-2007) in Seoul, Korea, in March 2007.
IEEE International Workshop on Mining Evolving and Streaming Data (IWMESD 2006) to be held in conjunction with the 2006 IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM-2006) in Hong Kong in December 2006.
Fourth International Workshop on Knowledge Discovery from Data Streams (IWKDDS) to be held in conjunction with the 17th European Conference on Machine Learning (ECML) and the 10th European Conference on Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (PKDD) (ECML/PKDD-2006) in Berlin, Germany, in September 2006.
See also
Concept drift
Data Mining
Sequence mining
Streaming Algorithm
Stream processing
Wireless sensor network
Lambda architecture
Books
References
Data mining
Business intelligence
In optics an afocal system (a system without focus) is an optical system that produces no net convergence or divergence of the beam, i.e. has an infinite effective focal length. This type of system can be created with a pair of optical elements where the distance between the elements is equal to the sum of each element's focal length (d = f1+f2). A simple example of an afocal optical system is an optical telescope imaging a star, the light entering the system is at infinity and the image it forms is at infinity (the light is collimated). Although the system does not alter the divergence of a collimated beam, it does alter the width of the beam, increasing magnification. The magnification of such a telescope is given by
Afocal systems are used in laser optics, for instance as beam expanders, Infrared and forward looking infrared systems, camera zoom lenses and telescopic lens attachments such as teleside converters, and photography setups combining cameras and telescopes (Afocal photography).
See also
Lens (optics)
Teleside converter
Galilean telescope, which uses this design
References
Geometrical optics
Ypres was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1991.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Isaac Arapata Salmon (born 5 September 1996) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the Tasman Mako in the Bunnings NPC and the Toronto Arrows in Major League Rugby. Their position of choice is tighthead prop. Salmon was educated at Nelson College from 2011 to 2014.
Career
Salmon made their debut for in 2017. They were named in the squad for the 2018 Super Rugby season but did not play. They were part of the Tasman team that won the Mitre 10 Cup in 2019 for the first time. They were again part of the Mako side that won their second premiership title in a row in 2020. Tasman again made the final in 2021, with Salmon coming off the bench but the Mako this time lost 23–20 to .
References
1996 births
Living people
Blues (Super Rugby) players
New Zealand rugby union players
People educated at Nelson College
Rugby union players from Christchurch
Rugby union props
Tasman rugby union players
Toronto Arrows players
Charles Amon Mihayo is a Tanzanian man, permanently residing in Australia, who killed their two daughters in Melbourne on 20 April 2014.
Background
Mihayo was born in Tanzania.
They met a woman in China, moved to Australia, and married them They became a permanent resident of Australia. The two separated in 2011 with divorce occurring a year later.
The murders were committed in Melbourne's north-eastern suburb of Watsonia, at a property on Longmuir Road just near the Greensborough Secondary College. The house in which the girls were murdered belonged to the girls' maternal great-grandmother, Margaret Mills.
Crime
On 19 April 2014, Mihayo sent a text message asking their wife to allow them to see their daughters "one last time." On the following day, which was Easter Sunday, Mihayo bought new clothes for the girls and visited them at the residence of their great-grandmother in Watsonia, Melbourne, Victoria.
They asked their daughters, Savanna and Indianna to wear ballerina dresses and sing "Let It Go" from the 2013 American film Frozen. This was recorded on videotape. They also went to play hide and seek with them. They took them into a bedroom, smothered them with a pillow, and put them back into clothes after bathing them post-mortem. Mihayo confessed to killing the children when police came to arrest him.
Gavin Silbert QC, the chief crown prosecutor, stated that Mihayo was upset since their ex-wife found a new romantic partner. Mihayo pleaded guilty in September 2014. They received a life sentence with a minimum tariff of 31 years.
See also
Cases of filicide attributed to revenge against an ex-spouse:
John Battaglia
Elaine Campione
Amy Hebert
Murder of the Kumari-Baker sisters
Aaron Schaffhausen
References
Living people
Murderers of children
Tanzanian people convicted of murder
Year of birth missing (living people)
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Victoria (Australia)
Filicides in Australia
Murder in Melbourne
2014 murders in Australia
Incidents of violence against girls
Tanzanian prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Tanzanian people imprisoned abroad
People convicted of murder by Victoria (Australia)
The Malolos Historic Town Center is a historic district located in downtown or old town center of the capital town of Malolos City, Bulacan, Philippines commonly called Camestisuhan or Pariancillo District of Malolos with its collection of Spanish and American-era houses and government structures, as well as being the birthplace of the First Philippine Republic, the Malolos Constitution and being the capital of the Philippines from 1898 to 1900, the National Historical Institute (now the National Historical Commission of the Philippines) declared the downtown Malolos city as a National Historical Landmark and a Heritage Town dated August 15, 2001.
History
Camestisuhan District of Malolos was originally called Pariancillo. It is the district intended for the Chinese residents of Malolos in the 1700s. It is all started in 1755 when Governor General ordered the expulsion of Chinese from the Philippines due to their participation in some rebellion and sedition against the Spanish Government.On the other documents such as Registros Paroquiales or The Catholic Baptismal Registry of Malolos,the town already has its Parian in 1710.Some of them were transferred to Malolos at the time which was already a hub for some Chinese and in able to be far from Spanish Government in Manila. When hearing about the migration, Governor General orders that the towns outside Manila should have a special district for them, thus the Malolos Pariancillo was established Pariancillo means "small parian". Upon the order there are provision for those Chinese who resides in the town for the longest time that they will not be expelled if they married a native of Malolos and so the Sangleys of Malolos were born and the Pariancillo became the Chinese enclave in Bulacan Province.
Rationale for Declaration as Historic Town Center
The board resolution cites several reasons for the declaration of certain areas in downtown Malolos as National Historical Landmark and heritage Town:
A number of men and women from Malolos became key figures in revolutionary movements during the Spanish-era;
Malolos was declared capital of the First Philippine Republic and its Spanish-era infrastructure reused as government offices such as convent of the Malolos Cathedral, Barasoain Church and several houses along the Pariancillo/Kamestisuhan district;
Malolos has retained a good number of note-worthy, old houses and other buildings which attest to the artistry, craftsmanship and ingenuity of its builders
Declared Areas
According to the board resolution, the following streets are identified as part of Malolos Historic Town Center:
Built Heritage
Within the Declared Heritage District
The following table lists down extant built heritage within the areas declared by the National Historical Institute:
|}
Outside the Declared Area
The following table lists of structures in Malolos extant built heritage outside the declared National Historical Landmark by the National Historical Institute but are still covered by the National Cultural Heritage Act of 2009 as cultural property:
|}
Important Cultural Properties
One of the features of Malolos Historic Town Center are the monuments created by the artisans and National Artist can be found at different areas in the city.
See also
Philippine Registry of Cultural Property
References
External links
List of Board Resolutions of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines
Republic Act No. 10066 - National Cultural Heritage Act of 2009
Malolos
Heritage Houses in the Philippines
National Historical Landmarks of the Philippines
Heritage zones in the Philippines
Anne Devereux-Mills (born March 2, 1962) is an American business person, author, public speaker and entrepreneur. Anne Devereux-Mills spent the first 25 years of their career building and leading advertising agencies in New York City.  They are now co-host of the Bring a Friend podcast and the Chief Instigator (and Founder) of Parlay House, a 7000+ member organization in 12 cities worldwide that champions and inspires women to connect and make meaningful change for themselves and for others.
Early life
Anne Devereux-Mills was born in Seattle, Washington, the daughter of Gene Bruce Brandzel and Elizabeth Ettenheim Brandzel and sister to Rachel Brandzel Weil and Susan Brandzel. They attended John Muir Elementary School, Eckstein Middle School and the Lakeside School. Devereux-Mills left Seattle in 1980 to attend Wellesley College in Wellesley, Massachusetts where they became President of the Senior Class and an active member of College Government.
Career
Devereux-Mills began their career in the Political Risk Department of Marsh and McLennan in New York City, but after just a few years, realized that their strengths lay elsewhere. Parlaying their skills in communications and client management through a series of career experiments, they found themselves in the field of advertising where they specialized in healthcare. Once landing in a field that combined their strengths and their passions, they quickly climbed the corporate ladder, helping found the first Direct-to-consumer advertising agency for healthcare brands, called Consumer Healthworks, part of WPP. A few years later, they moved to Omnicom Group, building a direct to consumer practice for Harrison and Star where they went on to become president, then to Merkley and Partners where they were CEO of the Healthcare Division. From Merkley, they moved to BBDO where they were CEO of BBDO World Health as well as managing director and Chief Integration Officer. They then transitioned to TBWA\Chiat\Day as CEO of the global healthcare practice as well as chairperson and CEO of LLNS.
Devereux-Mills left the field of advertising in 2009 to have cancer surgery, and moved to San Francisco where they founded Parlay House, a salon-style gathering for women that now has a national presence and thousands of members who come together to connect about what they care about rather than what they "do".  They are an active mentor of the SHE-CAN organization which takes high-performing women from post-genocide countries and helps them gain an American education so that they can then return to their countries and become the next generation of leaders. Devereux-Mills was one of the first supporting members of the iHUG Foundation which helps break the cycle of poverty for children in Kabalagala, Uganda by augmenting education with nutrition, healthcare and support services.
Until their retirement in April 2019, Devereux-Mills was one of a handful of women to serve as chairperson of the board of a public company in their role at Marchex in Seattle, Washington. Devereux-Mills first served as a director on the Marchex board beginning in 2006, and was appointed Chairman in October 2016. Marchex is a leader in mobile marketing and call analytics. They were also on the Board of Lantern, a company that brought Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) to people through mobile technology, thereby expanded access to clinical help and reduced the cost of care. Combining their career success, their interest in creating opportunities to connect and empower women as well as their natural leadership skills, Devereux-Mills is now a public speaker, who is focusing on issues of female empowerment, reframing reciprocity, and creating a new version of feminism that can address the issues so prevalent in our society.
Book: The Parlay Effect
In The Parlay Effect: The Transformative Power of Female Connection, Anne Devereux-Mills uses their insights as Founder of Parlay House to show how small actions can result in a meaningful boost in self-awareness, confidence and vision. Through a combination of scientific research and personal stories, The Parlay Effect offers a blueprint for anyone who is going through a life transition who wants to find and create communities that have a positive and multiplying effect in their impact.
Honours and awards
Working Mother of the Year from the Run It, (formerly Advertising Women of New York)
Leading Women in Technology from the All-Stars Foundation
Activist of the Year from Project Kesher
The Return, their documentary received a 2017 Emmy- nomination
Recorded talks
The Guild: Reframing Reciprocity, 2017
Watermark: Doing Well By Doing Good, 2016
The Battery: Small Actions Have Ripple Effects in Social Justice Reform, 2016
SHE-CAN: Pulling Women Forward SHE-CAN: Revolution 2.0, 2015
References
Further reading
Parents Canada: How parents can trigger eating disorders without even knowing it March 2015
The Epoch Times Female Executive: My Biggest Mistake Was Not Talking About How Hard It Was April 2015
Handshake 20: Why Are Female Executives Prone to Stress Disorders? April 2015
Huffington Post: House on Fire Part III: Tearing Everything Down Before You Build Back Up & Out, October 2017
External links
Anne Devereux-Mills Biography on their official website
Parlay House official website
Bring a Friend podcast
1962 births
Living people
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American business persons
People from Seattle
Henry Crown Fellows
Sky Link TV (Chinese: 天下衛視; pinyin: Tiān Xià Wèi Shì; ) is Chinese satellite TV network in the United States owned by Guangzhou Broadcasting Network.
History
In 1989, a Taiwanese American financial group founded North America Television (NATV) in Los Angeles. California. In 2009, it was purchased by a private Chinese company, Tian Xing Media Company. In 2013, it was purchased by a subsidiary of Guangzhou Broadcasting Network, GZ Television Media.
Jetsen Huashi Wangju Media & Sky Link TV Merger
On March 22, 2019, Jetsen Huashi Wangju Cultural Media Company announced a merger with Sky Link TV USA.
Timeline of events
December 1, 1989 - North America Television (NATV) was founded in Los Angeles, California.
1990 - North America Television entered Charter Cable.
December, 1992 - North America Television started branch company in New York City. It entered Time Warner Cable in New York City.
1999, North America Television closed New York branch company.
December, 2001 - North America Television changed its name to Global Communication Group, Inc. started doing business as Sky Link TV.
January 1, 2004 - Sky Link TV began live broadcast Rose Parade at every New Year's Day in Mandarin.
August 10, 2006 - Sky Link TV joined Dish Network channel.
November 9, 2007 - Sky Link TV joined Kylin internet TV channel.
July 27, 2009 - Sky Link TV was sold to Tian Xing Media Company from China.
December, 2009 - Sky Link TV launched its first free-to-air channel KVMD, UHF 31.5 for 24/7 Mandarin programs.
September 17, 2012 - Sky Link TV was sold to Guangzhou Media American Co, Ltd.
November 2, 2012 - Sky Link TV launched its second free-to-air channel: a brand-new Cantonese TV Channel (KXLA UHF 44.4), thus became the first TV Station broadcast in both Mandarin and Cantonese in the United States 24/7.
November 4, 2012 - Sky Link TV hosted Dayo Wong stand-up comedy show at Pasadena Civic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
January 1, 2013 - Sky Link TV began to live broadcast Rose Parade in Cantonese and Mandarin language.
May 15, 2014 - Sky Link TV launched its third channel (KXLA UHF 44.3) in Mandarin. Meanwhile, Sky Link TV ends its affiliation with KVMD 31.5.
November 16, 2014 - Sky Link TV hosted another Dayo Wong stand-up comedy show in New York City, San Francisco, and Los Angeles.
May 2015 - Sky Link TV ended Kylin TV internet TV streaming.
September 18, 2015 - Sky Link TV signs an agreement with KRON-TV.
September 29, 2015 - Sky Link TV SF goes on the air via KRON 4.2 and Comcast Xfinity channel 193.
December 6, 2018 - Sky Link TV Names Nielsen New Local Television Measurement Provider
March 22, 2019 - Jetsen Huashi Wangju Media & Sky Link TV Merger and Acquisition
References
External links
Television stations in the San Francisco Bay Area
Television channels and stations established in 1989
Television stations in Los Angeles
State media
Government-owned companies of China
Dunlavin Green is an Irish ballad referring to the Dunlavin Green executions in 1798 of 36 suspected rebels.
Notable recordings
1956 – Patrick Galvin – Irish Songs of Resistance Part I
1975 - Gay Woods and Terry Woods - Backwoods
1975 – Paddy Mahone – Irish Rebellion Album
1978 - Christy Moore - The Iron Behind the Velvet
1986 – Terry Corcoran – Happy to Meet and Sorry to Part
1998 – Dolores Keane – Night Owl
2008 – Karan Casey – Ships in the Forest
See also
Dunlavin
References
Irish folk songs
Ballads of the Irish Rebellion of 1798
Year of song unknown
Songwriter unknown
The Murder of the Bologna family occurred on June 22, 2008 when Anthony Bologna and their sons, Michael and Matthew, were shot dead near their residence in the Excelsior district of San Francisco by Edwin Ramos Umaña, who mistook the victims as rival gang members for whom they wanted retaliation.
Edwin Ramos
Edwin Ramos Umaña (born October 12, 1986) is a Salvadoran gang member and convicted triple murderer. An illegal immigrant from El Salvador and member of the Mara Salvatrucha (MS-13) gang, they were convicted in 2012 of the June 22, 2008 slayings of Anthony Bologna and their sons, Michael and Matthew, in San Francisco. Ramos was born in El Salvador, grew up in San Francisco, and later moved to El Sobrante, California. As a teenager, Ramos twice served probation for violent crimes but was not deported. Ramos's case brought much attention and outrage over San Francisco's sanctuary city policy that prevented city officials from enforcing federal immigration law. Shortly after the murders, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom revised the policy to allow the city to refer undocumented juvenile felons to federal authorities.
Perpetrator
Ramos was born in El Salvador, where they were raised by their grandmother. The San Francisco Chronicle reported in 2008 that Ramos illegally entered the United States when they were 13 to live with their mother and two siblings, but later reports suggested that Ramos was a legal immigrant whose visa expired. In 2003, Ramos's mother reported them missing, and Ramos returned 11 days after their mother reported. On October 22 that year, Ramos was also one of three MS-13 members suspected of assaulting a man on a Muni bus for claiming not to be a gang member. Juvenile Court convicted Ramos of assault and street gang membership and put them in a shelter. On probation, Ramos was released to their mother's custody on April 2, 2004, but four days later they assaulted a pregnant woman and their brother. Ramos was convicted of attempted robbery, a felony offense, but was cleared of assault and served probation at the city-run Log Cabin Ranch where they lived from June 2004 to February 2005. ("The purpose of the facility is to provide a twenty-four-hour-a-day residential program for juveniles of San Francisco who have been adjudicated delinquent by the Juvenile Courts and sent to Log Cabin for treatment and rehabilitation.")
After their release, they lived with their mother's sister. They applied for temporary residency but was declined; by then federal authorities had learned that Ramos was in the U.S. illegally.
In 2006, former MS-13 leader turned informant Jaime Martinez told the FBI that Ramos killed 21-year-old Norteño gang member Rolando "Chino" Valldares in the Mission District of San Francisco.
Having been a member of the 20th Street MS-13 gang in San Francisco, Ramos later moved to El Sobrante and joined MS-13 ally Pasadena Loco Sureños (PLS). On March 30, 2008, Ramos was arrested after police discovered their car had illegally tinted windows, no license plate, and a passenger named Erick Lopez who tried to conceal a gun that police found was used in a double killing. According to the police report, Ramos cooperated with police, but Lopez ran away but was later caught and arrested. Police had "numerous documented contacts" with Ramos and Lopez and identified both as active MS-13 gang members. Prosecutors declined to charge Ramos due to lack of evidence that they knew about the gun. San Francisco sheriff's deputies called Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to determine if the department wanted to hold Ramos in custody, but ICE declined.
Murder case and trial
On June 22, 2008, Tony Bologna (age 48) and their sons, Michael and Matthew (ages 20 and 16, respectively), were shot dead near their residence in the Excelsior district of San Francisco as they returned home in the afternoon from a family barbecue in Fairfield. Bologna was on their way home to rest before reporting to their job as night manager at a supermarket later that afternoon. Another one of Tony's sons was critically injured. Jaxon Van Derbeken of the San Francisco Chronicle reported the incident initially as one of road rage. Ramos (age 21) was arrested and booked on murder charges three days later without bail.
Preliminary hearings were held in June 2009. The only survivor of the shooting identified Ramos as the shooter. In September 2009, the San Francisco Chronicle reported that Douglas Largaespada, an alleged MS-13 member, claimed that Ramos killed the Bolognas. Marvin Medina, who was injured in a shooting hours before the Bolognas were shot, testified in court in exchange for prosecutorial immunity. They repeatedly denied knowing Ramos or other MS-13 gang members; prosecutors questioned Medina to determine whether Ramos was seeking retaliation for the shooting of Medina in killing the Bolognas. However, Medina could not explain why they were driving around the San Francisco Mission District for two hours the day before they were shot and why they called several people but not 911 after being shot. On June 24, Sergeant Mario Molina, a San Francisco police officer who was an expert on Latino gangs, testified that Ramos thought the Bolognas were rival Norteños gang members. San Francisco Superior Court Judge Teri Jackson ruled on June 29 that Ramos would stand trial for three counts of murder, and Ramos pleaded not guilty on July 13. According to Sgt. Molina, Ramos stated that their friend Wilfredo "Flaco" Reyesruano, whom police identified as a leader of MS-13, shot the Bolognas. San Francisco District Attorney Kamala Harris sought a maximum sentence of life in prison without parole rather than the death penalty should Ramos be convicted. Mayor Newsom supported Harris's decision.
Harry Dorfman and George Butterworth represented the prosecution; Marla Zamora represented Ramos in court. Judge Jackson removed Ramos's previous lead defense attorney Robert Amparan on January 7 because Amparan was representing Douglas Largaespada at the time.
Marvin Medina admitted on December 1, 2009, that they had lied on the stand six months earlier and could not explain how Ramos obtained their cell-phone number. Additionally, Medina identified Reyesruano as the shooter of the Bolognas. When prosecutors attempted to check for a gang-related tattoo, Medina admitted that they were a former MS-13 member. As a result, Medina pleaded guilty to three counts of perjury regarding their claims that they had not known Reyesruano, that they had met Ramos only once before the preliminary hearings, and that they were alone when they were shot in 2008. Having been in jail since the preliminary hearings ended, Medina was sentenced to three years of probation on January 12, 2010, with credit for time served but remained held on $1 million bail as a material witness.
In May 2012, a jury in San Francisco convicted Ramos of killing the Bolognas and attempting to murder a surviving member of the family. Judge Charles Haines sentenced Ramos to 183 years to life without parole on June 11, 2012.
Effects on sanctuary city policy
Tony Bologna's widow Danielle and other relatives of the slain family members blamed San Francisco's sanctuary city policies for the crime. The policy "bars city officials from cooperating with federal crackdowns on illegal immigrants." On July 2, nearly a week after the murder of the Bolognas, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom amended the sanctuary city policy to allow the city to refer juvenile illegal alien felons to federal authorities for deportation. Members of the Minuteman Project, a group of private citizens who patrol the Mexico – United States border against illegal aliens, held a protest at San Francisco City Hall on July 30 denouncing the sanctuary city policy and calling for Mayor Newsom to resign. Cinnamon Stillwell wrote a column criticizing the policy. Jesse McKinley of The New York Times cited the Ramos case as among several negative consequences of San Francisco's sanctuary policy. Danielle Bologna advocated for District Attorney Kamala Harris to seek the death penalty for Ramos, but Harris pledged never to seek capital punishment for any criminal case.
Bologna's civil suit against San Francisco
On August 22, 2008, Danielle Bologna and other family members sued San Francisco, claiming that its sanctuary city policy contributed significantly to the three deaths. The city removed Bologna's civil suit to federal court because Bologna's case involved violations of federal constitutional rights, and Judge Susan Illston ruled on September 14, 2009, that Bologna could sue San Francisco in state court. Judge Charlotte Woolard of San Francisco Superior Court ruled on February 22, 2010, that the city couldn't be liable for any crimes that Edwin Ramos committed post-release because the city had no information that Ramos posed a specific threat to the Bolognas and that the sanctuary city policy was intended "to improve immigration controls" rather than prevent crime.
Appeal
Ramos appealed their case. "On appeal, they contend the court erred by admitting the following evidence at trial: (1) defendant's allegedly involuntary incriminating statements made during extended police interrogation, (2) the lay opinion of the investigating police officer that defendant, rather than an accomplice, was the shooter, and (3) excessive, cumulative and prejudicial testimony about defendant's membership and participation in a criminal street gang." The California Court of Appeal for the First District upheld Ramos's convictions but ordered a sentencing correction on August 20, 2014.
See also
Illegal immigration to the United States and crime
References
MS-13
Crimes in San Francisco
2008 in San Francisco
Family murders
2008 murders in the United States
People murdered in California
Deaths by firearm in California
John Thomas Stanton (June 2, 1921 – February 1, 1989) was an American professional basketball player. They appeared in seven games for the Anderson Duffey Packers in the National Basketball League during the 1946–47 season.
Stanton spent one semester attending Villanova University before transferring to Loyola University Chicago, where they played varsity basketball from their sophomore through senior seasons.
References
1921 births
1989 deaths
United States Army personnel of World War II
American men's basketball players
Anderson Packers players
Basketball players from Chicago
Guards (basketball)
Loyola Ramblers men's basketball players
Military personnel from Illinois
Villanova University alumni
Guhiya River is a small river in Pali District of Rajasthan, India. It is an intermittent stream running only during the monsoon season and is a tributary of the Luni River.
It rises in the foothills of the Aravalli Range near the villages of Khariya Neev (Khariyaniv) and Tharasani in Sojot Tehsil. Its tributaries include the Radia Nadi, Guria Nadi, Lilri Nadi, Sukri (stream) and Phunpharia. It joins the Bandi River near the village of Phekaria (Phenkariya) at . The catchment basin for the Guhiya river is .
References
External links
Rivers of Rajasthan
Rivers of India
Alvark Tokyo is a Japanese professional basketball team located in Tokyo. The team, which is sponsored by Toyota, currently plays in the Japanese B.League. Until 2000, the team was known as the Toyota Pacers. Founded as Toyota Pacers in 1948, the club won two consecutive JBL Super League league titles in 2006 and 2007.
In July 2015, it was announced that the team would compete in the first division of the new Japan Professional Basketball League, which commenced from October 2016.
As of 2020, the team has been the reigning back-to-back champion of the B.League, Japan's top basketball league.
Honours
Domestic
B.League
Champions (2): 2018, 2019
National Basketball League
Runner-up (1): 2015
Japan Basketball League
Champions (1): 2011
JBL Super League
Champions (3): 2001, 2005, 2006
Runner-up (1): 2002
3rd place (1): 2004
Japan League Division I
Runner-up (1): 1996
3rd place (1): 1991
Continental
FIBA Asia Champions Cup
Champions (1): 2019
Runner-up (1): 2018
Players
Current roster
Notable players
Head coaches
Shuji Ono: 2000–2005
John Patrick: 2005–2006
Torsten Loibl: 2006–2008
Koju Munakata: 2008–2010
Donald Beck: 2010–2015
Takuma Ito: 2015–2017
Luka Pavićević: 2017–2022
Dainius Adomaitis: 2022–present
Practice facilities
They have their own gymnasium, Toyota Motors Fuchu Sports Center in Kitayamacho, Fuchu, Tokyo.
References
External links
Historical Finishes
Team Profile
Basketball teams in Japan
Basketball teams established in 1948
Sports teams in Tokyo
Toyota
Inspector de Luca () is an Italian television series produced and broadcast by RAI, based on the De Luca trilogy (1990-1996) of detective novels by Carlo Lucarelli. The
USA DVD box title is Detective De Luca with the tag line, "He's not a fascist/ He's not a partisan/ He's just a cop."
Concept and scope
Covering the period from 1938 to 1948 in Bologna, the series centers on Commissario Achille de Luca, and is set from the height of Fascist era in Italy to the immediate post-war period.
Dashing and attractive to women, De Luca is depicted as an honest cop, a determined and principled police officer working in a corrupt and politically charged environment. While concerned only with truth and justice but not for the bigger picture, they manage to avoid taking sides.
Production
The series comprises four episodes, three of which are based on novels by Lucarelli, while the first serves as an introduction to the character and the milieu. The series was directed by Antonio Frazzi, who also co-wrote the episodes with their brother, Andrea and with Lucarelli. The series was first screened on Italian television in 2008. It was shown in the UK on BBC Four in March and April 2014. It is available on DVD in Italian with English subtitles. The films are dedicated to Andrea (b. Florence, 1944 – d. Florence, 5 May 2006).
Characters
Alessandro Preziosi: Insp. Achille De Luca, a police detective in northern Italy.(4 episodes)
Corrado Fortuna: Sgt. Leopoldo Pugliesi, De Luca's assistant. (4 episodes)
Rolando Raquello: Insp. Roberto Rosseta, a politically astute colleague of De Luca's. (3 episodes)
Raffaela Rea: De Luca's lover. (2 episodes)
Stefano Pesce: Guido Leonardi, head of Partisan police. (2 episodes)
Episodes
Notes
External links
Inspector De Luca at IMDb
Inspector De Luca at BBC
Italian crime television series
2008 Italian television series debuts
2000s Italian television series
Orangeville/Laurel Aerodrome is located west of Orangeville and just south of Laurel, part of Amaranth, Ontario, Canada.
See also
Orangeville/Castlewood Field Aerodrome
Orangeville/Brundle Field Aerodrome
References
Registered aerodromes in Ontario
Transport in Orangeville, Ontario
Buildings and structures in Dufferin County
Holaxyra acuta is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is found in South Africa.
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are whitish mixed with light grey, with the veins grey. There is a strong grey median stripe from the base to the apex, becoming dark fuscous on the upper edge, the costal area above this wholly clear white. There are three or four undefined dark fuscous or blackish terminal dots. The hindwings are pale grey.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1927
Dichomeridinae
The pileated flycatcher (Xenotriccus mexicanus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae; it is endemic to western Mexico. It is a small bird with gray feathers, white chest, yellow beak and a pointed gray-feathered tip on the top if its head. The flycatcher's natural habitat is subtropical forest, but during the summer it is found in tropical high-altitude scrubland. Their diet consists mainly of insects. Deforestation has affected the pileated flycatcher's population; it is now thought to be 20,000 to 50,000 birds.
The flycatcher is currently considered of the least concern, and does not approach any of the criteria to be considered a "threatened species".
Deforestation has increased every year around the world and is the cause of many species becoming nearly threatened or endangered and also contributes to some becomings extinct, including the pileated flycatcher which was thought to be "near threatened" until 2013.
Clearing of forest trees and surroundings has negatively affected the pileated flycatcher. With the loss of trees, the flycatcher has lost its place to live and create nests to care for their eggs and young. Deforestation also contributes to the loss of other species including insects, which is the dominant source of food for the flycatcher.
Survival for this species will become very unlikely if the destruction of their habitat continues.
References
Xenotriccus
Endemic birds of Mexico
Birds of the Sierra Madre del Sur
Birds described in 1938
Taxa named by John T. Zimmer
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Argentinian anarchist movement was the strongest such movement in South America. It was strongest between 1890 and the start of a series of military governments in 1930. During this period, it was dominated by anarchist communists and anarcho-syndicalists. The movement's theories were a hybrid of European anarchist thought and local elements, just as it consisted demographically of both European immigrant workers and native Argentinians.
Early years
The first Argentinian anarchist groups appeared in the 1870s. A section of the First International was founded in the Argentinian capital of Buenos Aires in either 1871 or 1872, but at first it was explicitly part of neither the International's anarchist nor its Marxist wing. By 1879, there were several sections in Argentina, with anarchists in control of all of them. In 1876, adherents of Bakunin's ideals founded the Center for Workers' Propaganda. The well-known Italian anarchist Errico Malatesta was in Argentina from 1885 to 1889. With their help, the first anarchist trade union was started in 1887: Sociedad Cosmopolita de Resistencia y Colocación de Obreros Panaderos. In 1890, El perseguido became the first anarchist organ in the country.
During this time the Argentinian anarchist movement was split over the question of organization. There was a, mostly communist anarchist, wing advocating workers' organizations, deeming them the natural weapon for the anarchist struggle. The opponents of organizations, both communist and individualist anarchists, in turn claimed organizations forced those working within them to become reformists and give up their revolutionary stance. Until their departure in 1889, Malatesta helped bridge this gap and minimize the tensions and rivalries between the two wings, but after they left, they broke out once again. The pro-organizers were strengthened in 1891 by the arrivals of the Spanish anarchist Antoni Pellicer in 1891 and the Italian Pietro Gori in 1898. In 1897, the proponents of trade unions also founded the weekly newspaper La Protesta Humana. In 1900, Paraire published a series of articles in La Protesta Humana under the title "Labor Organization" advocating a dual organization concept: a militant labor federation for economic, and a genuinely anarchist organization for political matters.
FORA founding and radicalization
In 1901, Argentina's first national labor confederation, the Argentine Workers' Federation (FOA), was founded. Although its founding principles were influenced by Paraire and Gori, it was at first a joint project with the socialists. In 1902, the first general strike in Argentinian history took place. It led to the passing of the Residence Law, which gave the government the power to deport "subversive foreigners". This law was used to expel hundreds of anarchists, while a great number of them fled to Montevideo in Uruguay only to reenter the country afterwards. In 1903, La Protesta Humana was renamed as La Protesta, the name under it which exists to this day. In the same year, the moderate wing of the FOA left the federation to form the General Workers' Union (UGT), thus leaving the hegemony in the FOA to the anarchists. They renamed the union as Argentine Regional Workers' Federation (FORA) as a sign of the organization's internationalism in 1904. In 1905, at the FORA's fifth congress, its adherence to anarchism was formalized. In a resolution, it declared that it should "inculcate in the workers the economic and philosophical principles of anarchocommunism". This resolution became the basic policy for the following years. The FORA disagreed with the revolutionary syndicalists over the question of the unions' role after a revolution. While the anarcho-communists viewed labor unions as a by-product of capitalist society, which would have to be dissolved with the establishment of an anarchist society, the syndicalists viewed their unions' democratic structure as a model for the society they envisioned and wanted the unions to be the basis of such a new society. A series of strikes, many of them instigated by the anarchists, followed in 1905.
During this period the anarchist movement experienced rapid growth. 50 to 70% of the males in the working class were disenfranchised, because they were not native Argentinians. Hence the legal political framework was not an option for them and anarchism gained appeal. The movement's strength and its relationship to the state is demonstrated by the events on May 1, 1904. 70,000 anarchist workers marched in the streets of La Boca (Buenos Aires' total population was of 900,000). Proscribed by Roca's government, the demonstration ended in the death of Juan Ocampo, a teenager.
Major clashes with police
In 1909, police fired on a May Day demonstration in the Plaza Lorea in Buenos Aires organized by FORA. Several workers were killed. The anarchists responded by declaring a general strike leading the government to shut down the workers' centers and arrest 2,000 people. This strike lasted nine days. As the Chief of Police Ramón Falcón was widely blamed for the killing, the young Jewish anarchist Simón Radowitzky killed them and their secretary by throwing a bomb at the car they were in on November 13. An unprecedented repression against the anarchist movement ensued. Martial law was declared and remained in place until January 1910. The offices of La Protesta were raided and its machinery destroyed, as were the workers' centers. Within 48 hours thousands were arrested, many sent to Ushuaia prison in Tierra del Fuego. Non-Argentinian activists were generally deported.
Although martial law was lifted in January 1910, this year also saw the next major clash between the government and the anarchists. 1910 was the hundredth anniversary of the May Revolution of 1810, which led to Argentinian independence. Anarchist agitation was on the rise, a new anarchist daily newspaper, La Batalla, was founded in March, and the FORA planned protests against the Residence Law, but was somewhat hesitant as it scented a lack of militancy among workers. The moderate syndicalist Argentine Regional Workers' Confederation (CORA), the successor of the General Workers' Union, however, pushed for confrontation and the anarchists were forced to follow suit. They threatened to call for a general strike on May 25, the day of the anniversary festivities. Therefore, the government once again declared martial law on May 13. Police arrested the editors of La Protesta and La Batalla and FORA leaders. Meanwhile, right-wing militant youths attacked union offices and workers' clubs while the police ignored or even encouraged them. Because of this, the general strike was moved to May 18, but it was suppressed by the police and the right-wing militants. 1910 also saw the sentencing of Simón Radowitzky. As a minor, they could not be sentenced to death, so they were condemned to life in Ushuaia. They would be pardoned and released from prison in 1930.
Argentine anarchist historian Ángel Cappelletti reports that in Argentina "Among the workers that came from Europe in the 2 first decades of the century, there were curiously some stirnerian individualists influenced by the philosophy of Nietzsche, that saw syndicalism as a potential enemy of anarchist ideology. They established...affinity groups that in 1912 came to, according to Max Nettlau, to the number of 20. In 1911 there appeared, in Colón, the periodical El Único, that defined itself as 'Publicación individualista'".
FORA split
The events of 1909 and 1910 left the Argentinian anarchists fatigued. The movement's growth stalled as a result of state repression and the country's economic problems. The Law of Social Defense, passed as a reaction to the Falcón assassination, allowed the government to deny any foreigner who committed crimes punishable under Argentinian law entry into the country, prohibited the entry of anarchists, banned groups disseminating anarchist propaganda, and granted local authorities the power to prohibit any public meetings which subversive ideas could be expressed at.
Meanwhile, the moderate syndicalist CORA grew in size as a result of its pragmatic approach, which included participating in negotiations with employers in place of direct action as advocated by the anarchists. Striving for labor unity, the CORA set up a fusion committee with some non-affiliated unions to push for a merger with the FORA. The majority of the FORA agreed, calling for the CORA to abolish itself and enter the FORA. At the April 1915 FORA congress, its ninth, a resolution which reversed its commitment to anarchist communism was passed, paving the way for the CORA unions to join. Only a minority in the FORA rejected this move. After the congress, this minority started a breakaway federation under the name FORA V, referring to the fifth congress, which the resolution for anarcho-communism was passed at. While the FORA IX had somewhere between 100,000 and 120,000 members, the anarchist FORA V had 10,000 at the most, though both figures are considered unreliable. The FORA V was strongest in the interior of the country, where most of the workers were native Argentinians.
With the start of World War I in 1914, the conditions for the anarchist movement became even more unfavorable. The falling of wages and a net migration back to Europe created poor premises for any kind of labor activism and the anarchist FORA V struggled to adapt to this. After a railworkers' strike broke out in October 1917, the anarchists called for a futile general strike and received little support from the FORA IX. A meat-packers' strike in Berisso and Avellaneda led by the anarchists was defeated in 1918.
Semana Trágica and 1920s
In December 1918, a strike broke out at the Vasena metalworks in the Buenos Aires suburbs of Nueva Pompeya. The union leading the strike was a splinter from FORA IX and called itself anarchist, though its links to FORA V were tenuous. On January 7, 1919, a shootout between strikers and police, troops, and firefighters killed five. The police and troops then attacked the 200,000 workers at the funeral procession on killing at least thirty-nine and injuring many more. After the events of January 7, the FORA V immediately called for a general strike, but the work stoppage that followed was more of a result of the workers' outrage over the killings than of the anarchists' call. The general strike took place on January 11 to 12, but then subsided. Once again, the police, the military, and right-wing groups reacted with pogroms in working-class neighborhoods. Right-wing militants created the Argentine Patriotic League. The Jewish inhabitants of the workers' quarters especially became the victims of the attacks. In all, somewhere between 100 and 700 people died and around 4,000 were injured. The Semana Trágica further perpetuated the decline of Argentinian anarchism. From around 1920 on, the anarchists' influence in the trade unions was rather minor.
From 1920 to 1921, there was a peasant uprising in Patagonia led by anarchists. The army, led by Colonel Héctor Varela, reacted by executing some 1,500 people. Because of the remoteness of the region, the events did not become known in Buenos Aires at first. Once they did, the anarchist movement started a campaign against the "killer of Patagonia", as they called Varela. This led the Tolstoyan anarchist Kurt Gustav Wilckens to assassinate the colonel on January 23, 1923.
The movement's decline continued nevertheless. It was intensified by both strife within the movement and government persecution.
Infamous Decade and Perón government
On September 6, 1931, José Félix Uriburu came to power in Argentina via a coup d'état starting a series of military governments known as the Infamous Decade. The anarchist FORA, the sole FORA since the FORA IX was renamed as the Argentine Syndicates' Union (USA) in 1922, went underground immediately. A number of distributors of La Protesta were arrested or killed within a year of Uriburu's ascension to power. Deciding it had become impossible to distribute the paper, the publishers of La Protesta ceased making it and disseminated an underground newspaper named Rebelión instead. After martial law was lifted in 1932, La Protesta, the anarchist weekly La Antorcha, and FORA unions in Santa Fe and Rosario published a manifesto called "Eighteen Months of Military Terror" about the repression they had endured. In this year the second Regional Anarchist Conference was held in Rosario - the first having taken place in Buenos Aires in 1922. It had been planned by anarchists imprisoned under Uriburu. The congress set up a regional committee for anarchist co-ordination, which eventually led to the founding of the Argentine Anarcho-Communist Federation (FACA) in 1935.
The Spanish Civil War, which broke out in 1936, was an important topic for the Argentinian anarchists. Various anarchists left to fight in the war and the FACA's official newspaper Acción Libertaria published special editions dedicated to it.
In 1946, President Juan Perón came to power. With the emergence of Peronism, more and more labor unions (especially the socialist ones) became Peronist, and anarchist unions - which had already suffered a significant decline during the previous decade - lost all of their remaining strength. The anarchist representation in the labor movement became minimal. When Peronism became the mainstream ideology of the Argentine working people, it replaced the old mainstream labor ideologies (including anarchism, socialism and communism), which never again regained their old importance among the working class. FORA, the traditional anarchist union, was closed as a result of this. In 1952, following the imprisonment and torture of several FORA members, anarchists of all factions launched a campaign to inform the public of this situation. After the violent coup that overthrew Perón in 1955, anarchist periodicals reappeared openly once again, among them La Protesta and Acción Libertaria. However, Argentinian anarchism could never recover as a movement with popular roots.
More recent developments
The FACA became the Argentine Libertarian Federation (FLA) in 1955, but like its predecessor organization was never able to gain a mass following. In 1985, the FLA replaced its newspaper Acción Libertaria with a new political journal called El Libertario.
The Rosario-based Columna Libertaria Joaquin Penina celebrated May Day in 2008.
See also
Horizontalidad
Socialism in Argentina
References
Bibliography
.
Further reading
External links
History of Anarchism in Argentina from R.A. Forum
The Anarchist City of America Santiago Juan-Navarro's article on Pierre Quiroule's work
Website of the FLA (Argentine Libertarian Federation)
FLA cited in the Anarchist Encyclopedia
scans of periodicals housed in the FLA's archive.
Political movements in Argentina
Argentina
Swargarajyam is a 1962 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. B. Unni and produced by Shanmukha Pictures. The film stars T. R. Omana, T. S. Muthaiah, Ambika and Angamuthu in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. B. Sreenivasan.
Cast
T. R. Omana
T. S. Muthaiah
Ambika
Angamuthu
GK Pillai
K. P. Ummer
Kumari Saraswathi
Kunjandi
Mary Eddy
Sarasa
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1962 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Diuris sulphurea, commonly called the tiger orchid or hornet orchid, is a species of orchid which is endemic to eastern Australia. It has up to three leaves, and a flowering stem with up to seven bright yellow flowers with dark brown markings.
Description
Diuris sulphurea is a tuberous, perennial herb with up to three linear to lance-shaped leaves long and wide. Up to seven flowers wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The flowers are bright yellow with a few prominent dark brown markings. The dorsal sepal is egg-shaped, erect or leaning forward, long and wide. The lateral sepals are green or green and brown, linear, long, wide, turned downwards and usually parallel to each other. The petals are erect or turned backwards with an egg-shaped blade long and wide on a dark brown stalk long. The labellum is long and has three lobes. The centre lobe is spade-shaped, long, wide and the side lobes are egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long and wide. There is a ridge-shaped callus in the mid-line of the base of the labellum and extending about halfway along. Flowering occurs from August to December.
Taxonomy and naming
Diuris sulphurea was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown and the description was published in Prodromus florae Novae Hollandiae.
Distribution and habitat
The tiger orchid occurs in all states of Australia except Western Australia and the Northern Territory. It grows in forest, woodland, heath, grassland and coastal scrub. In Victoria it often occurs with Diuris pardina and sometimes forms hybrids with that species.
References
Orchids of the Australian Capital Territory
Orchids of New South Wales
Orchids of Queensland
Orchids of South Australia
Orchids of Tasmania
Orchids of Victoria (Australia)
Endemic orchids of Australia
sulphurea
Plants described in 1810
Aleksei Vladimirovich Gerasimov (; born 13 January 1973) is a Russian former professional footballer.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1990 for FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk. They played 4 games in the UEFA Cup 1996–97 for PFC CSKA Moscow.
Honours
Kazakhstan Premier League bronze: 2002.
References
1973 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Moscow players
Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. players
FC Tobol players
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
FC Oryol players
Russian Premier League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Association football midfielders
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk players
Gangasangamam is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by J. D. Thottan and written by Ponkunnam Varkey. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Jesey. It is based on Varkey's play of the same name.
Plot
Cast
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1971 films
Films directed by J. D. Thottan
Indian films based on plays
Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers is an American rock band from Tempe, Arizona.
History
Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers formed after a lineup shift of The Refreshments, a rock band active in the 1990s known for their top radio hit, "Banditos," as well as the theme song for the hit cartoon show, "King of the Hill" After two of The Refreshments members left, members Roger Clyne and drummer Paul "P.H." Naffah continued to produce music and changed the moniker to Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers.
Clyne and Naffah were originally joined by former Gin Blossoms member Scott Johnson, who left to rejoin their former band in 2002. James Swafford and Daryl Icard also appeared in the new lineup, but were unable to stay. Steve Larson, former guitarist for Dead Hot Workshop, also joined the band. In January 2009, it was announced that Larson would be departing and would be replaced by Railbenders frontman Jim Dalton on lead guitar.
In early 2004, shortly after the release of ¡Americano!, bassist Danny White left the band to start their own recording studio in Nashville, Tennessee. They were replaced by Nick Scropos, who had been the bassist for another Tempe band, Gloritone. Scropos recorded the bass track "Green and Dumb", on the band's debut CD, Honky Tonk Union.
Mid year in 2007, hometown MLB team, The Arizona Diamondbacks reached out to Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers to write a song for the team and they delivered with the now infamous, "D-Backs Swing." Played after every home game win, the lyrics can be seen all over the Phoenix metropolitan area by businesses and citizens alike touting, "I back, you back, we back the D-Backs!"
In true entrepreneurship form, this indie outfit debuted their own brand of ultra-premium tequila in 2011. Now known as Canción Tequila, which means Song in Spanish, it was formerly named after one of their songs about sipping tequila in the moonlight of Mexico, "Mexican Moonshine."
Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers frequently tour the United States and host their own seaside music festival in Puerto Peñasco. In June 2019, they celebrated the 20th year of their official Circus Mexicus festival.
On July 2, 2019 Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers was inducted into the Arizona Music and Entertainment Hall of Fame. The event was held at the Tempe Center for the Arts.
Band members
Current members
Roger Clyne – lead vocals, rhythm guitar, harmonica, kazoo (1998–present)
Paul "P.H." Naffah – drums, percussion, backing vocals (1998–present)
Nick Scropos – bass guitar, backing vocals (1998, 2004–present)
Jim Dalton – lead guitar, backing vocals (2009–present)
Former members
Scott "Scotty" Johnson – lead guitar, backing vocals (1998–2002)
Danny White – bass guitar, backing vocals (1998–2004)
Steve Larson – lead guitar, backing vocals (1998–2009)
Touring guests
James Anthony Peters – percussion (2007–present)
Javier "Escubi" Gamez – trumpet (2007–present)
Jon Villa – trumpet (2007–present)
Discography
Honky Tonk Union (1999)
Real to Reel (2000)
Sonoran Hope and Madness (2002)
¡Americano! (2004)
Live at Billy Bob's Texas (2005)
Four Unlike Before (2006)
No More Beautiful World (2007)
Turbo Ocho (2008)
Glow in the Dark (2009)
Unida Cantina (2011)
The Independent (2014)
Native Heart (2017)
Live at the Belly Up (2017)
References
External links
Official website
Roger Clyne's Official Tequila
Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers on the Live Music Archive
High Country News Article, December 25, 2006
I AM FUEL, YOU ARE FRIENDS Interview, 2006
KTBG interview
Phoenix New Times Interview, 1999
WASTIN' AWAY ON THE NORTH COAST Interview, 2007
INTERVIEW WITH A LIFEONAIRE, ROGER CLYNE, 2009
Clyne & The Peacemaker's new Album is Refreshing [MUSIC REVIEW] 1 Posted April 29, 2014 by Stanton Brasher in Rock
https://kjzz.org/content/1038776/arizona-music-hall-fame-spotlights-tempe-sound-roger-clyne-pistoleros
Rock music groups from Arizona
American alternative country groups
Musical groups from Tempe, Arizona
Musical groups established in 1998
Zarina Raifova (born 20 May 1991) is a Kazakhstani judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Antalya in the -78 kg category.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Kazakhstani female judoka
Judoka at the 2014 Asian Games
Judoka at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games medalists in judo
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
The AIR Awards of 2010 (or Jägermeister Independent Awards of 2010) is the fifth annual Australian Independent Record Labels Association Music Awards (generally known as the AIR Awards) and was an award ceremony at The Forum Theatre, in Melbourne, Australia on 1 October 2010. The event was again sponsored by German liquor brand, Jägermeister.
The event was hosted by Scott Dooley for Nova 96.9 and Australian pay-TV music broadcaster Channel V aired the event in October 2010.
For the first time, a category for Most Popular Artist was added to the awards, as voted by Nova 96.9 listeners.
Performers
British India
Cloud Control
Joe Chindamo
M-Phazes
Sally Seltmann
The Amity Affliction
Nominees and winners
AIR Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; other final nominees are listed alphabetically.
AIR Awards (public voted)
See also
Music of Australia
References
2010 in Australian music
2010 music awards
AIR Awards
The 1913 Atlantic hurricane season was the third consecutive year with a tropical cyclone developing before June. Although no "hurricane season" was defined at the time, the present-day delineation of such is June 1 to November 30. The first system, a tropical depression, developed on May 5 while the last transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on October 30. Of note, the seventh and eighth cyclones existed simultaneously from August 30 to September 4.
Of the season's ten tropical cyclones, six became tropical storms and four strengthened into hurricanes. Furthermore, none of these strengthened into a major hurricane—Category 3 or higher on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale—marking the sixth such occurrence since 1900. The strongest hurricane of the season peaked as only a Category 1 with winds of 85 mph (140 km/h). That system left five deaths and at least $4 million in damage in North Carolina. The first hurricane of the season also caused one fatality in Texas, while damage in South Carolina from the fifth hurricane reached at least $75,000.
The season's activity was reflected with an accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 36, below the 1911–1920 average of 58.7. ACE is a metric used to express the energy used by a tropical cyclone during its lifetime. Therefore, a storm with a longer duration will have high values of ACE. It is only calculated at six-hour increments in which specific tropical and subtropical systems are either at or above sustained wind speeds of 39 mph (63 km/h), which is the threshold for tropical storm intensity. Thus, tropical depressions are not included here.
Timeline
Systems
Hurricane One
Weather maps and ship data indicate the development of a tropical depression in the southwestern Caribbean Sea around 06:00 UTC on June 21. Moving north-northwestward, the depression accelerated and intensified into a tropical storm on the following day. Early on June 23, the storm made landfall near the Honduras–Nicaragua border with winds of 40 mph (65 km/h). Thereafter, it continued north-northwestward and oscillated slightly in strength. The system made another landfall near Cancún, Quintana Roo, with winds of 45 mph (75 km/h) late on June 25. After briefly crossing the Yucatan Peninsula, the cyclone emerged into the Gulf of Mexico and eventually began moving more to the west-northwest. Early on June 27, it deepened into a Category 1 hurricane and peaked with maximum sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). The hurricane then curved northwestward and made landfall in Padre Island, Texas, at the same intensity around 01:00 UTC on June 28. After moving inland, the storm quickly weakened and dissipated over Val Verde County just under 24 hours later.
Impact in Central America and Mexico is unknown. The storm brought heavy rainfall to portions of South Texas. At Montell, of precipitation fell in about 19 hours, while Uvalde observed of rain in approximately 17 hours. The resultant flooding caused considerable damage to lowlands, houses, and stock. Additionally, communication by telegraph and telephone were cut-off for several days and traffic was interrupted due to inundated streets. One person drowned in Montell. Strong winds were also reported, with winds of over Central Padre Island. Along the coast, storm surge peaked at in Galveston.
Tropical Storm Two
A low pressure area detached from a stationary front and developed into a tropical depression on August 14 while located about 185 mi (300 km) west-southwest of Bermuda. The depression moved rapidly northeastward and intensified into a tropical storm on August 15. Thereafter, it peaked with maximum sustained winds of 45 mph (75 km/h). By August 16, the storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone while situated about southeast of Sable Island, Nova Scotia. The remnants were promptly absorbed by a frontal boundary.
Tropical Storm Three
Weather maps and ship data indicated a tropical depression formed near the west coast of Africa on August 26. Early the next day, the system strengthened into a tropical storm. It then tracked westward for several days, threatening the Lesser Antilles before turning north-northwestward on September 3. Eventually, the storm recurved to the northeast before beginning an eastward direction on September 7. The following morning, it peaked with maximum sustained winds of 70 mph (110 km/h) – just shy of hurricane status. Thereafter, the cyclone moved northward to northwestward for the next few days. Around 12:00 UTC on September 12, the storm became extratropical while located about southeast of Cape Race, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Hurricane Four
A tropical storm developed about halfway between Bermuda and the Bahamas at 12:00 UTC on August 30. The storm moved slowly north-northwestward and approached the East Coast of the United States. By September 1, it intensified into a Category 1 hurricane. Eventually, the hurricane curved to the northwest. While located offshore North Carolina early on September 3, the cyclone peaked with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph (140 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of , making it the strongest tropical cyclone of the season. Hours later, it made landfall near Cape Lookout at the same intensity. Shortly after moving inland, the system weakened to a tropical storm. By September 4, it deteriorated to a tropical depression before dissipating over northeastern Georgia.
In North Carolina, winds as high as at Hatteras caused severe crop losses, especially in areas adjacent to Pamlico Sound. The worst of the property damage occurred in the vicinity of New Bern and Washington. At the latter, northeast to southeast gales caused waterways to rise above previous high-water marks. Large railroad bridges in both New Bern and Washington were washed away, as were many other small bridges. Many low-lying streets were inundated. The storm was considered "the worst in history" at Goldsboro. In Farmville, a warehouse collapsed, killing two people inside while three deaths occurred elsewhere in the state. Throughout North Carolina, numerous telegraph and telephone lines were damaged. Similarly, telegraph and telephone lined were downed in rural areas of Virginia. Small houses in Newport News, Ocean View, and Old Point were unroofed. Overall, this storm caused five fatalities and $4–5 million in damage.
Hurricane Five
An extratropical cyclone developed offshore Rhode Island on October 2 and moved southeastward. Eventually, the system curved southwestward and transitioned into a tropical storm on October 6 while situated about 325 mi (525 km) northwest of Bermuda. After becoming tropical, the storm continued to move southwestward and approached the Southeastern United States. By October 7, it curved westward and began to intensify. The storm became a Category 1 hurricane around 06:00 UTC on October 8. Peaking with maximum sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of , the hurricane made landfall near McClellanville, South Carolina, about eight hours later. By the evening of October 8, the cyclone weakened to a tropical storm and fell to tropical depression intensity by late on October 9. Early the following day, it became extratropical and was soon absorbed by a strong cold front over North Carolina.
Although the storm had been a hurricane at landfall, the highest recorded winds in South Carolina were 37 mph (60 km/h). The Georgetown Railway and Light Company and the Home Telephone Company suffered the worst damage. Throughout Georgetown, wires and poles were toppled, which briefly cut-off communications. Fences and trees limbs were also blown down. Heavy rain, peaking at 4.88 in (123.95 mm), was recorded along the coast of South Carolina. Precipitation led to minor crop damage, totaling approximately $75,000.
Hurricane Six
The final tropical storm developed in the northwestern Caribbean Sea about southeast of Banco Chinchorro, Mexico, at 00:00 UTC on October 28. Moving north-northeast, the storm reached Category 1 hurricane intensity about 24 hours after its classification. Around that time, it peaked with maximum sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). Around 06:00 UTC on October 29, the system made landfall near Cape San Antonio, Cuba, at the same intensity. After about six hours over Cuba, the hurricane weakened to a tropical storm. It transitioned into an extratropical cyclone in present-day Mayabeque Province before being absorbed by a frontal boundary shortly thereafter.
Other systems
In addition to the six systems that reached tropical storm status, four other tropical depressions developed. The first formed northeast of Bermuda on May 5, marking the third consecutive year in which a tropical cyclone originated before June. The depression was absorbed by a frontal boundary on May 7. Another tropical depression developed in the Bay of Campeche on June 13. Drifting slowly northward and westward, the system made landfall in southern Texas on June 16 and dissipated the following day. The next tropical depression formed in the vicinity of the Azores on July 20. After four days, it was absorbed into a frontal system. The final cyclone that failed to tropical storm status developed in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico to the south of Tallahassee, Florida, on August 4. Drifting southwestward over the next few days, the depression dissipated by August 7.
See also
List of tropical cyclones
Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
Monthly Weather Review
Articles which contain graphical timelines
1913 meteorology
1913 natural disasters
Mount Khmyznikov () is a peak, high, in the northern part of the Skeidsnutane Peaks, Betekhtin Range, in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and plotted from air photos by the Third German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39. It was mapped from air photos and surveys by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60, remapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, and named after Soviet hydrographer P.K. Khmyznikov.
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Humboldt Mountains (Antarctica)
Ertuğrulköy is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 103 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ornella Micheli (sometimes credited as Donna Christie or Ornella Micheli Donati) was an Italian film editor active from the 1950s through the 1980s. They often worked on the exploitation films and thrillers of directors Lucio Fulci, Riccardo Freda, and Giuliano Carnimeo.
Biography
They were the daughter of Roberto Rosselini's key grips, and they apprenticed under Rosselini's editor, Jolanda Benvenuti. Them brother, Bruno Micheli, also worked as a film editor.
Selected filmography
Porno Holocaust (1981)
Erotic Nights of the Living Dead (1980)
Antropophagus (1980)
Sesso nero (1980)
Beyond the Darkness (1979)
Silver Saddle (1978)
The Psychic (1977)
My Sister in Law (1976)
Piange... il telefono (1975)
Dracula in the Provinces (1975)
Challenge to White Fang (1974)
White Fang (1973)
Holy God, Here Comes the Passatore! (1973)
Don't Torture a Duckling (1972)
Return of Halleluja (1972)
Their Name Was Holy Ghost (1972)
They Call Him Cemetery (1971)
Guns for Dollars (1971)
Light the Fuse... Sartana Is Coming (1970)
Sartana's Here... Trade Your Pistol for a Coffin (1970)
I Am Sartana, Your Angel of Death (1969)
One on Top of the Other (1969)
Suicide Commandos (1968)
Find a Place to Die (1968)
The Moment to Kill (1968)
Operazione San Pietro (1967)
Bang Bang Kid (1967)
How to Kill 400 Duponts (1967)
The Hills Run Red (1966)
The Brute and the Beast (1966)
The Third Eye (1966)
The Wacky World of James Tont (1966)
Goldsinger (1965)
How We Got into Trouble with the Army (1965)
Samson in King Solomon's Mines (1964)
The Avenger of Venice (1964)
Il magnifico avventuriero (1963)
The Horrible Dr. Hichcock (1962)
Marco Polo (1962)
The Witch's Curse (1962)
Samson and the 7 Miracles of the World (1961)
The Lion of Amalfi (1950)
References
Italian film editors
Italian women film editors
The 1951 Jordan League was the 7th season of Jordan League. Al-Ahli won its 4th title.
Overview
Al-Ahli won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Ryan Francis Patrick Galvin (born 31 January 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Maidstone United on loan from Sheffield Wednesday.
Career
Early career
Galvin started their career at Wigan Athletic in July 2018, and joined Stafford Rangers on loan in November 2019.
Sheffield Wednesday
They joined Sheffield Wednesday on a free transfer in January 2020 following a trial period at the club. They were named in the Sheffield Wednesday starting line-up for their debut on 9 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round match away to Exeter City. A one year option was activated in their contract on 12 May 2021, keeping them at the club until the summer of 2022. On 13 August 2021, they joined Gloucester City on a one-mouth loan deal, with the possibility to extend. On 13 September, Galvin would sign a new deal at Sheffield Wednesday until the summer of 2023, and remain on loan with Gloucester City until January 2022.
On 13 September 2022, Galvin joined Maidstone United on an initial two month loan spell.
Career statistics
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Gloucester City A.F.C. players
Maidstone United F.C. players
English Football League players
Prof Ferdinand Zirkel FRS(For) HFRSE (20 May 183811 June 1912) was a German geologist and petrographer.
Biography
Zirkel was born in Bonn. Educated in their native town, they graduated from Ph.D. from the University of Bonn in 1861. Their training and initial interest was in mining. In 1860 they traveled to Iceland with William Thierry Preyer, and in 1862 they published Reise nach Island im Sommer 1860.
After graduation, Zirkel was engaged in teaching geology and mineralogy in Vienna at the Geological Institution. Their journey to Iceland, along with travels to the Faeroe Islands, Scotland and England, and a meeting with Henry Clifton Sorby, led them from mining to the study of microscopical petrography, then a comparatively new science.
They became professor of geology in 1863 in the University of Lemberg, in 1868 at the University of Kiel, and in 1870 was made professor of mineralogy and geology in the University of Leipzig. They traveled for study in France, Italy, and Scotland; came to the United States in 1874 to examine the great collections of minerals made during the exploration of the fortieth degree of latitude; and in 1894-95 pursued scientific investigations in Ceylon and India.
They retired in 1909. They were an honorary D.Sc. of Oxford University, and also a foreign member of the Royal Society and an honorary member of the Mineralogical Society.
Publications
Their numerous papers and essays include Geologische Skizze van der Westküste Schottlands (1871); Die Struktur der Variolite (1875); Microscopical Petrography (in Report of U.S. Geol. Exploration of 40th Par., vol. vi., 1876); Limurit aus der Vallée de Lesponne (1879); Über den Zirkon (1880). Their separate works include Lehrbuch der Petrographie (1866; 2nd ed. 1893, 1894); Die mikroskopische Beschaffenheit der Mineralien und Gesteine (1873); and Über Urausscheidungen rheinischer Basalte (1893).
Recognition
Mount Zirkel in the Park Range of Colorado, USA, is named after him.
The mineral zirkelite is named after him.
Dorsum Zirkel on the Moon is named after him.
Notes
References
External links
Reise nach Island im Sommer 1860, mit wissenschaftlichen Anhängen, F. A. Brockhaus, 1862 at Google Books.
1838 births
1912 deaths
19th-century German geologists
Petrologists
Scientists from Bonn
People from the Rhine Province
University of Bonn alumni
University of Kiel faculty
Leipzig University faculty
Wollaston Medal winners
Foreign Members of the Royal Society
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
20th-century German geologists
Historically the rivalry between KF Tirana and Partizani Tirana football clubs, the two biggest in Tirana the capital of Albania, has been followed by many football fans and much spectacle either on the pitch, or on stands between Tirona Fanatics and Guerrils. Matches between these two teams have a long history and have almost always made the first page news in the country. Between years 2008-13, following Partizani's relegation, and also during 2017-18 season with Tirana's relegation to a lower division, the derby faded away for a while until its return during the 2018–19 season.
KF Partizani have a historical advantage of 23 wins in the League. However, Tirana has a superior record overall in the last 30 seasons and lead in the overall cup statistics with two more ties won.
Supporters of both teams are mainly local people of the city, however traditionally KF Tirana is considered a middle and upper class club supported by the downtown, with right-wing political tendencies, whereas Partizani is traditionally associated with the working class support from the suburbs, with left-wing political tendencies. Both teams have a great deal of supporters from other cities of Albania, and worldwide.
Win–loss totals
Albanian Superior League
Albanian Cup
League & Cup total
All matches
Kategoria Superiore
1In the 19th week match 17 Nëntori - Partizani played on the pitch ended 2:1. Teams were both awarded 0-3 loss on that match, a decision of AFA.
2The 33rd week match was originally scheduled for the 2 May 2020, but was the postponed to 10 July as the championship of the 2019-20 season was then suspended, due to a pandemic of COVID-19 in Albania.
League placements
The league placement table shows the results of KF Tirana and Partizani Tirana, when they played in Kategoria Superiore.
• Total: Partizani 39 times higher, KF Tirana 34 times higher.
Top goalscorers
See also
Oldest Albanian derby
Tirana derbies
Dinamo Tirana–KF Tirana rivalry
References
External links
KF Tirana - Partizani Tirana, A Derby of History (Youtube)
Results of the derby, starting of 1997
Football derbies in Albania
Rivalry with Partizani
Rivalry with Tirana
Randy Jordan (born June 6, 1970) is an American football coach and former player who is the running backs coach for the Washington Commanders of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football for the University of North Carolina. They were not selected in the 1993 NFL Draft, and subsequently played nine seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders, Jacksonville Jaguars, and Oakland Raiders.
Jordan attended the University of North Carolina, where they were a running back for Mack Brown's North Carolina Tarheels football team, playing alongside fellow running back and future Jacksonville teammate Natrone Means. As a junior in 1991, they had 124 carries for 618 yards with seven rushing touchdowns, and 11 catches for 160 yards with two touchdown receptions. During their 1992 senior season, Jordan had 59 carries for 225 yards with one touchdown, and seven receptions for 101 yards and a touchdown. They scored the first touchdown of the expansion Jacksonville Jaguars in 1995.
References
External links
Washington Commanders profile
1970 births
Living people
American football running backs
North Carolina Tar Heels football players
Los Angeles Raiders players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Oakland Raiders players
Washington Commanders coaches
Washington Football Team coaches
Washington Redskins coaches
Nebraska Cornhuskers football coaches
People from Warren County, North Carolina
Oakland Raiders coaches
Texas A&M Aggies football coaches
North Carolina Tar Heels football coaches
Coaches of American football from North Carolina
Players of American football from North Carolina
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
John Wood, FRCS, FRS (12 October 1825 – 29 December 1891) was a British surgeon at King's College Hospital. They were an expert on hernias, and an early investigator of the antiseptic practices pioneered by Joseph Lister, the topic of their 1885 Bradshaw Lecture.
References
1825 births
1891 deaths
British surgeons
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons
Fellows of the Royal Society
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
Haralson County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 28,780. The county seat is Buchanan. The county was created on January 26, 1856, and was named for Hugh A. Haralson, a former Georgia member of congress.
Haralson County is part of the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water. Much of the county is located within the upper Piedmont region of the state, with a few mountains in the county that are considered part of the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains.
The vast majority of Haralson County is located in the Upper Tallapoosa River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin). Just the very northwestern corner of the county is located in the Upper Coosa River sub-basin of the same ACT River Basin.
Major highways
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 27 Business
U.S. Route 78
State Route 1
State Route 1 Business
State Route 8
State Route 16
State Route 100
State Route 113
State Route 120
State Route 402 (unsigned designation for I-20)
Adjacent counties
Polk County - north
Paulding County - northeast
Carroll County - south
Cleburne County, Alabama - west (CST)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 25,690 people, 9,826 households, and 7,192 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 10,719 housing units at an average density of 38 per square mile (15/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.97% White, 5.40% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 0.20% from other races, and 0.83% from two or more races. 0.56% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,826 households, out of which 33.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.70% were married couples living together, 11.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.80% were non-families. 23.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.10% under the age of 18, 8.10% from 18 to 24, 29.20% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,656, and the median income for a family was $38,373. Males had a median income of $31,816 versus $20,821 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,823. About 11.40% of families and 15.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.10% of those under age 18 and 16.10% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 28,780 people, 10,757 households, and 7,820 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 12,287 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.8% white, 4.7% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 37.1% were American, 14.1% were Irish, 11.1% were English, and 6.0% were German.
Of the 10,757 households, 36.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.8% were married couples living together, 13.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.3% were non-families, and 23.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.09. The median age was 38.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,996 and the median income for a family was $45,339. Males had a median income of $39,452 versus $32,170 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,033. About 15.6% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.8% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 29,919 people, 11,259 households, and 7,960 families residing in the county.
Education
Public education in the county is largely provided by the Haralson County School District. However, the City of Bremen, which straddles the border of Haralson and Carroll Counties, operates the independent Bremen City School District.
Communities
Besma
Bremen
Buchanan (county seat)
Budapest
Draketown
Felton
Tallapoosa
Waco
Law and government
The county was originally governed by a sole Commissioner of Roads and Revenues. The last occupant of this office was Charles Sanders (D). The county is now governed by a five-member Board of Commissioners, which replaced the single-commissioner form beginning with the term starting in January 2005. The Chairman of the Board is elected county-wide. The acting occupant of this office is Ronnie Ridley (R). There are four other commissioners, one elected from each of four geographical districts. The current occupants of these offices are District 1's David Tarply (R), District 2's Jamie Brown (R), District 3's John Daniel (R) and District 4's Ryan Farmer (R). The current sheriff of Haralson County is Stacy Williams. Judge J. Edward "Eddie" Hulsey Jr. is the current probate judge.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Haralson County, Georgia
References
External links
Haralson County Historical Society
Haralson County Chamber of Commerce
Haralson County Development Authority
Haralson County historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1856 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Haralson
Northwest Georgia (U.S.)
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1856
During their career, W. H. Weeks designed hundreds of buildings throughout California, as well as some in Oregon and Nevada. This is a list of some of the buildings that they designed.
Citations
References
Weeks
Weeks
Weeks
Wellington A. Clark House, also known as The Old Homestead, is a historic home located at Crown Point, Lake County, Indiana. It was built in 1847, and is a one-story, vernacular Greek Revival style timber frame dwelling with a hall and parlor plan. It has an "L" shaped rear extension and is sheathed in clapboard siding. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Wellington A. Clark was a native New Yorker. In the winter of 1837, they traveled to northwest Indiana by way of ship from Cleveland to Chicago. After arriving in northern Indiana they settled on a farm south of Crown Point. In 1846, they and their wife, Mary C. Hackley, built “The Old Homestead”. Before finally settling into “The Old Homestead” full-time in 1875, they split their time between Crown Point and their farm in rural Lake County. During their life they pursued a number of different commercial ventures including farming, real estate and was a frequent contributor for the local newspaper. Notably, they opened the first cheese factory in Crown Point. They were a member of a couple fraternal organizations and was an active member of the Presbyterian church. As one of the original settlers in the area, they were one of the founding member of the Old Settlers and Historic Association. They remained in Crown Point till their death at 97 in 1912. As for “The Old Homestead”, it remained in family hands until their grand daughter, Claribel Clark Bevan died in 1965. Prior to their death Mrs. Bevan made arrangements to donate "The Old Homestead" to the city of Crown Point. In celebration of the State's sesquicentennial "The Old Homestead" was opened to the public for tours on May 4, 1966.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Greek Revival houses in Indiana
Houses completed in 1847
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
1847 establishments in Indiana
The Schwarzenegger–Stallone rivalry is a rivalry between American actor Sylvester Stallone and Austrian-American actor Arnold Schwarzenegger. The rivalry went on for about 20 years, often involving incidents of one-upsmanship and subterfuge from both parties.
The two actors first met each other in the 1977 Golden Globe ceremony, where Stallone had been nominated for Best Actor, while Schwarzenegger was nominated for New Star of the Year. Due to an event in the ceremony, Stallone allegedly threw a bowl of flowers at Schwarzenegger. Stallone later spoke out in an interview with Variety, saying that Schwarzenegger laughed at them when they lost the award to Schwarzenegger. They said that "from that moment even our DNA hated each other".
In an October 1985 interview with the now-defunct The News of the World, Schwarzenegger disses Stallone (who was a much bigger star at the time) with a lie, presumably with the intent to bait Stallone into a beef: "I'd be angry at hearing my name mentioned in the same breath as Stallone's. Stallone uses body doubles for some of the close-ups in their movies. I don't."
In November 1985, Rocky IV, starring Stallone, opens with a $20 million weekend, with Rocky's rival—who has a foreign accent reminiscent of Schwarzenegger— perceived to be a facsimile of Schwarzenegger.
In December 1985, Stallone married Brigitte Nielsen. As told by Vulture magazine:Stallone marries Cobra co-star Brigitte Nielsen, who reportedly had a fling with Schwarzenegger during the filming of Red Sonja. Two stories about how the newlyweds met emerge. In the first, and most widely circulated, Nielsen sent a nude photo to Stallone, who then got in touch to set up a first date. In the second, told by Schwarzenegger, they set them up to get rid of Nielsen, who was too wild for a guy already eight years into a relationship with Maria Shriver.In a January 1988 interview with Playboy, Schwarzenegger mocks Stallone's fur coat that they wear while directing; they additionally claimed Stallone was out of touch with the women's movement and "just gives off the wrong vibrations."
In February 1988, The News of the World runs a story by journalist Wendy Leigh with the headline: “Hollywood Star's Nazi Secret.” The article claims Schwarzenegger is a closet Hitler-lover with “fervent Nazi and anti-Semitic views.” Their father, Gustav, the article alleges, was personally responsible for rounding up Jews to put them in concentration camps. Leigh's source was claimed to be Stallone. While it's true that Schwarzenegger's father did indeed voluntarily apply to join the Austrian National Socialist Party on 1 March 1938 and held allegiance to Nazi Germany during World War II, there's no evidence to support Gustav rounded up Jews or had any knowledge of—or participated in—concentration camps or other war crimes. Gustav Schwarzenegger's Nazi links were revealed in 1990, two years after the accusation; however, Arnold, who was born two years after the fall of the regime, has always fervently denounced the Nazi regime.
Many of the jabs were downright petty. In September 1988, the New York Post reported that Stallone and their crew entered a nightclub, saw a picture of Schwarzenegger on the wall, and demanded its removal, lest Sly leave and never come back. The owner took down the picture.
In March 1990, Stallone read an unauthorized biography by the asupervisorstioned Wendy Leigh about Schwarzenegger's Nazi family, difficult childhood, and use of steroids in their teens. Stallone, according to Leigh, was so pleased after reading the first draft that they said: “Honey, reading this is better than getting four blow jobs.” Schwarzenegger has subsequently admitted to taking steroids while bodybuilding, and they also mentioned their father was indeed an abusive alcoholic.
In Twins, Schwarzenegger's character makes fun of a Rambo poster that they see on the wall, implying with a hand gesture that they had bigger muscles than Stallone's depiction of Rambo. Stallone responded in the movie Tango & Cash, in which they beat up a man who looked like Schwarzenegger. Stallone later admitted that they imagined Schwarzenegger while shooting the scene. In Last Action Hero, a Terminator 2 poster was shown with Stallone's face, and Schwarzenegger's character compliments their performance in a tongue-in-cheek manner.
In an interview with Jimmy Fallon, Stallone stated that Schwarzenegger once tricked them to do a terrible movie: Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot. Schwarzenegger later admitted that it was true in an interview with Jimmy Kimmel.
Schwarzenegger said:
The rivalry ended in the late 1990s when both actors' impact on the box office had reduced significantly. At the turn of the millennium, The Hollywood Reporter said that the pair were ideating a joint acting venture. Schwarzenegger also invited Stallone for multiple inaugurations during their time as the Governor of California; as a gesture of goodwill, Stallone had donated $15,000 to Schwarzenegger's re-election campaign in 2005. The pair also starred in three movies together: The Expendables 2, The Expendables 3 and Escape Plan. Additionally, Schwarzenegger also had an uncredited cameo appearance in The Expendables.
Notes
Sylvester Stallone
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Rivalry
The 1876 NYU Violets football team was an American football team that represented New York University in the 1876 college football season. The team played one game, losing to Stevens Institute of Technology by an 8–0 score.
Schedule
References
NYU
NYU Violets football seasons
College football winless seasons
NYU Violets football
Holoponerus godeffroyi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Holoponerus.
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Y is the debut studio album of English post-punk band The Pop Group. The album was produced by dub musician Dennis "Blackbeard" Bovell at Ridge Farm Studios in Surrey, and was released on 20 April 1979 through Radar Records. It was reissued in 1996 by Radar, 2007 by Rhino/Radar (each with 1-2 bonus tracks from the "She Is Beyond Good and Evil" single), and in 2019 by Mute Records, including deluxe LP/12" and CD editions with bonus outtakes and live albums, to mark its 40th anniversary.
Y initially received mixed critical reviews but has since received acclaim. Pitchfork ranked it at number 35 on its list of The Top 100 Albums of the 1970s. The Wire included it in its list of "The 100 Most Important Records Ever Made".
Background and recording
Inspired by the energy of punk rock but disillusioned by its musical traditionalism, The Pop Group initially set out as funk band, drawing influence from black dance music and radical political traditions. Soon after forming, they began to gain notoriety for their live performances, landing them a contract with Radar Records and a cover of the NME. They issued their debut single, "She Is Beyond Good and Evil" in early 1979.
To record their debut, the group teamed with British dub reggae producer Dennis Bovell. Critic Simon Reynolds wrote that "Bovell's mix of acid-rock wildness and dub wisdom made them [...] the ideal candidate for the not hugely enviable task of giving The Pop Group's unruly sound some semblance of cohesion," noting that they grounded the band's sound in its rhythm section while utilizing a variety of production effects. Writing for Fact, Mark Fisher characterized the album's sound as a "delirial montage of funk, free jazz, Jamaican audio-mancy and the avant-garde," describing it as "both carvernous and propulsive, ultra-abstract yet driven by dance music's physical imperatives." They noted the "sonic alchemy" of Bovell's production work. PopMatters wrote that the group "sharpened the straightforward guitar lines of punk, the bounding throb of funk rhythms, and the sonic manipulation of dub and let them penetrate each other in ridiculously slapdash fashion."
Critical reception
Upon its release, Y received mixed reviews. In 1979, the NME described it as "a brave failure. Exciting but exasperating." In recent years, the album has risen in critical estimations. Simon Reynolds called it "a heroic mess, glorious in its overreach." In 2008, Mark Fisher wrote "Joy Division's Closer is often considered the crown jewel of post-punk, but Y – inchoate with potential, the fire to Joy Division's ice – has an equal claim." Stylus Magazine called the album "a landmark of lunatic post-punk," writing that "these are political punk tunes deconstructed so that only the skeleton remains, and weaving between those bare bones are some of the nastiest sounds ever made."
In 2004, Pitchfork ranked Y at number 35 on its list of the greatest albums of the 1970s, saying that "unlike most of the late-70s' no-wave types (and perennial imitators), The Pop Group were less concerned with eschewing convention than with vehemently eviscerating it." PopMatters named it the 11th best post-punk album ever in 2017. The album has had a lasting impact, with artists such as the Minutemen, Primal Scream, Sonic Youth and Nick Cave citing the album as an influence on their work. Minutemen bassist Mike Watt commented that "The Pop Group said 'let's take Funkadelic and put it with Beefheart. Why not?'"
Accolades
(*) designates unordered lists.
Track listing
Original album
2007 Rhino/Radar Reissue CD
1 and 11 are the A and B sides of the "She is Beyond Good and Evil" single. The 1996 reissue CD and LP on Radar consists of tracks 1-10 above.
2019 Mute 40th Anniversary Reissues
The original album appears in all versions in its original track order, half-speed remastered at Abbey Road Studios. The CD includes "She is Beyond Good and Evil" and "3'38" as tracks 10 and 11, while the LP and the deluxe and regular vinyl box sets include them as an extra 45 RPM 12" single, which was also half-speed remastered. A limited edition cassette (its first legitimate release on that format) contains the album only, but the enclosed download code includes the single tracks. Also included in the deluxe vinyl and CD sets (and reissued as stand alone vinyl LPs in 2020) were two extra related albums, with studio outtakes and live performances of the album's songs. All the vinyl versions except the 2020 extras reissues include download cards for high-definition digital files of their respective audio contents.
Alien Blood
Y Live!
Personnel
Adapted from the Y liner notes.
The Pop Group
Gareth Sager – guitar, saxophone, piano
Bruce Smith – drums, percussion
Mark Stewart – vocals
Simon Underwood – bass guitar
John Waddington – guitar
Additional musicians
Disc O'Dell – musical direction
Technical personnel
Dennis Bovell – production
Mike Dunne – engineering
Brian Gaylor – assistant engineering
Eddy Gorecki – mastering
The Pop Group – production
Release history
References
External links
1979 debut albums
The Pop Group albums
Radar Records albums
Cuchlaine Audrey Muriel King (26 June 1922 – 17 December 2019) was a British geomorphologist known for their work in glaciology and their extensive writings on the geography of coasts and beaches. She, with John P Cole, was one of the first to produce a book on quantitative methods in geography.
Early life and education
Born into an educated family, their father was the geologist W.B.R. King. They studied at Cambridge University and earned their bachelor's degree in geography in 1942. They then joined the Women's Royal Naval Service and became a meteorologist and surveyor for the duration of World War II. After their service, they returned to Cambridge and researched sand movement on beaches, earning their doctorate in 1949.
Career and research
King spent their career studying the influence of glaciers on landscape evolution, an offshoot of their doctoral work, which continued throughout their career. They went on expeditions to Skaftafell in Iceland in 1953 and 1954 to study the glaciers there. It was unusual at that time for young women to be allowed to participate in fieldwork in such remote, rudimentary areas of Iceland. The expeditions resulted in a series of papers in 1955 and 1956. Because of their gender, their participation in fieldwork trips was discouraged. However, they participated in research on Baffin Island in the 1960s and the Austerdalsbreen glacier in Norway, and led fieldwork expeditions of their own throughout the Arctic. They published several books throughout their career, including 1973s Beaches and Coasts, the first book published to offer an overview of coastal geomorphology.
In 1959, King began teaching at the University of Nottingham, where they remained for the rest of their career. They became a professor in 1969, after several delays in their promotion due to discrimination. King was one of the earliest women to become a professor of geography in the United Kingdom, and they retired in 1982. Cuchlaine King was honoured with the David Linton Award of the British Society for Geomorphology in 1991.
Legacy
The University of Nottingham has named geography laboratories in King's honour.
Publications
Beaches and Coasts (1960)
Quantitative Geography, J.P. Cole and C.A.M. King, London: John Wiley (1968)
Techniques in geomorphology C.A.M. King, London: Arnold (1966)
Physical Geography Cuchlaine A.M.King, London: Blackwell (1980)
References
1922 births
2019 deaths
Women geographers
British women scientists
British geomorphologists
British glaciologists
Women glaciologists
Academics of the University of Nottingham
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Let's Die Forever... Together is a studio album by guitarist, vocalist and songwriter Eric McFadden released 2007. Though recorded mostly in the San Francisco Bay Area the original release was through Bad Reputation of France.
Track listing
"Slow Lullaby (intro)"
"What's in My Head"
"I Break Everything I Touch"
"Did You Hear that Sound?"
"Never Go Home"
"Black Holidays"
"Sick Inside"
"Friend of a Friend"
"Practical Man"
"Hole in my Faith"
"Lucky You"
"Dead Man's Lullaby"
"Ship Without a Dock"
"Ric's Lullaby"
References
2007 albums
Agaricus agrinferus is a species of fungi in the genus Agaricus . Agaricus agrinferus is found in the northern hemisphere.
References
agrinferus
Fungi described in 2008
Henry Stephens Randall (May 3, 1811 – August 14, 1876 Cortland, Cortland County, New York) was an American agriculturist, writer, educator and politician who served as New York Secretary of State.
Life
They were the son of General Roswell Randall and Harriet (Stephens) Randall, of Shelburne, Vermont. They came as a young boy from Madison County, New York to Cortland.
They wrote many articles for agricultural periodicals, and Sheep Husbandry, the "sheepman's bible" of the times.
On February 4, 1834, Randall married in Auburn, New York, Jane Rebecca Polhemus, the daughter of Rev. Henry Polhemus and Jane (Anderson) Polhemus. They had a son, Roswell Stephens Randall (born November 8, 1834) who married Mary Forby, of Albany, New York. Henry's son Francis died on June 29, 1844, aged 21 months. Their daughter Hattie S. Randall married D. J. Mosher, MD, on June 18, 1872.
In November 1849, they ran for Secretary of State on the Democratic ticket but was defeated by Whig Christopher Morgan. They were Secretary of State of New York from 1852 to 1853, elected in November 1851.
Randall wrote The Life of Thomas Jefferson, published in three volumes in 1858. They were the only biographer permitted to interview Jefferson's immediate family. In a letter to James Parton they relate that the family believed Jefferson's nephew Peter Carr was the father of Sally Hemings's children.
Randall was a delegate to the 1860 Democratic National Convention; and a member of the New York State Assembly (Cortland Co.) in 1871.
They were buried at the Cortland Rural Cemetery.
Sources
Their letter to James Parton about Thomas Jefferson, FRONTLINE, PBS
Their daughter's marriage at Vital Statistics for Cortland County, transcribed from The Cortland County Standard
Their son Francis's death at Vital statistics of Cortland County, transcribed from Cortland Democrat
Short bio at Cortland History
Obituary note of their sister Lucy Maria Randall Hoes, July 30, 1898, The New York Times
External links to Works
The Life of Thomas Jefferson, Volume 1, (EPUB format)
The Life of Thomas Jefferson, Volume 2
The Life of Thomas Jefferson, Volume 3, (EPUB format)
Address, Ohio Wool Growers Association, January 6, 1864
1811 births
1876 deaths
Secretaries of State of New York (state)
Union College (New York) alumni
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) Democrats
19th-century American politicians
Adritylidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 30 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Adrityla Causey, 1961
References
Chordeumatida
Tour CB21, formerly Tour Gan, is an office skyscraper located in La Défense, the high-rise business district situated west of Paris, France. It was designed by celebrated American architect Max Abramovitz.
Built from 1972 to 1974, the tower is 179 m (587 ft) tall at roof height. However, it reaches 187 m (614 ft) once including the antenna located on the roof. It is the fourth-tallest skyscraper in La Défense after Tour First, Tour Total and Tour Areva. Its ground shape is in the form of a Greek cross.
In 1972, during construction, a protest campaign opposed the building of Tour Gan. Protesters demanded a reduction in height. However, the tower was completed at the planned height.
Today, the main tenants are Suez Environnement and AIG France.
The structure is owned by Fonciere des Regions.
See also
Skyscraper
La Défense
List of the tallest structures in Paris
External links
Tour GAN (Emporis)
CB21 Website (Covivio)
References
CB21
CB21
Office buildings completed in 1974
Harrison & Abramovitz buildings
Buildings and structures completed in 1974
Isaac Thompson Carree III (born April 28, 1973) is an American gospel musician. They started their music career, in 1990, with the Gospel legend John P. Kee, yet their solo career commenced in 2011, with the release of Uncommon Me by Sovereign Agency. Their second album, Reset, was released by Door 6 in 2013. Both albums charted on The Billboard 200 along with chartings on Gospel Albums and Independent Albums charts.
Early life
Carree was born in Greensboro, North Carolina, on April 28, 1973, as Isaac Thompson Carree III, to their mother Pastor Nancy Wilson of New Beginnings Community Outreach Church in Greensboro, North Carolina and father Isaac Thompson Carree, Jr.
Music career
Their music career got started in the early 1990s as a member of Pastor John P Kee's New Life Community Choir (NLCC), being featured on the song "Wave It Away." In 1995 Carree left the NLCC to begin work with the gospel music group Men of Standard, a group that has recorded five projects that charted on Billboard's Gospel Albums Chart; however, their solo career commenced in 2011, with the release of Uncommon Me by Sovereign Agency on August 23, 2011. This album was their breakthrough release on the Billboard magazine charts, with chartings on The Billboard 200 at No. 48, Gospel Albums at No. 1, and at the No. 5 position on the Independent Albums chart. Carree won a Stellar Award for their debut solo album. The subsequent album, Reset, released on May 25, 2013 by Door 6 Records. The album charted on all three of the asupervisorstioned chart with the album placing at No. 41 on The Billboard 200, No. 1 on the Gospel Albums, and Independent Albums at No. 10.
Personal life
Carree is married to Dietra, and they have a daughter Alexis Carree, son, Isaac Thompson Carree IV, and a daughter together, Alaina Monet Carree. They reside in Atlanta, Georgia.
Discography
References
1973 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Atlanta
Musicians from North Carolina
Songwriters from Georgia (U.S. state)
Songwriters from North Carolina
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Jennifer Irina Arveláez Padrin (born 28 October 1982) is a retired Venezuelan athlete who competed in the long jump and triple jump. They won multiple medals on regional level.
Them personal bests are 6.03 metres (Ponce 2006) in the long jump and 13.76 metres in the triple jump (Barinas 2007).
Competition record
References
1982 births
Living people
Venezuelan female long jumpers
Venezuelan female triple jumpers
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for Venezuela
Competitors at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
20th-century Venezuelan women
21st-century Venezuelan women
Raees Dynasty, founded by Shah Nadir Raees, ruled the princely state of Chitral from 1320 to 1660. The Raees family was Central Asian in origin most probably from Chinese Turkestan or Badakhshan. Shah Nadir Raees captured Upper Chitral after defeating Yari Baig a Sumaleki pagan prince in Upper Chitral and captured Lower Chitral by defeating Bulasing the Kalash pagan ruler in Lower Chitral. A number of rulers succeeded one after the other during the Raees Dynasty and a few of them known in history of the area like Shah Nasir, Shah Tahir Raees, Shah Mahmood and Shah Abdul Qadir. In the late period of Raees rule its power greatly weakened due to internecine fights over succession which was taken advantage of by the Katoors. While the Raees were busy fighting each other the Katoors mounted an attack on the ruling family with the help of other prominent tribes of Chitral and took over the reins of the state.
The prominent features of Raees rule were the unification of Upper Chitral and Lower Chitral into a single state and the foundation of Chitral state, spread of Islam in Chitral, introduction of Islamic system, introduction of taxation and a good administrative system. The dynasty ruled over Chitral till 1590 uninterruptedly when Muhtaram Shah Kator overthrew Shah Mehmood Raees in 1590. However Shah Mehmood Raees regained their power in 1630.The Raees rule lingered on till 1698 when Shah Alam Katoor replaced the last Raees ruler Shah Abdul Qadir Raees who ruled from 1697-98.
Raees Rulers
Shah Nadir Raees 1320-1341
Jan Raees 1341-1356
Khan Raees 1356-1420
Shah Karam Raees 1420-1458
Shah Nizam Raees 1458-91
Shah Akber Raees 1491-1520
Shah Tahir Raees 1520-1531
Shah Nasir Raees 1531-1574
Shah Mehmood Raees 1574-1590, 1630-1660
Shah Abdul Qadir Raees 1697-98
See also
Katoor Dynasty
References
Footnotes
Sources
Faizi, I., 1996 Wakhan: A window into Central Asia. Alqalam Publication Islamabad
Chitral: A Study in Statecraft, 1320-1969. IUCN Pakistan, Sahrhad Programme. 2004-01-01. .
History of Chitral
Princely rulers of Pakistan
Mehtars of Chitral
Nawabs of Pakistan
Charles (Carl Michael) Bernhoeft (22 July 1859 – 1933) was a photographer in Luxembourg, where they took portraits of the Grand Ducal court as well as numerous landscapes which they turned into postcards.
Early life and family
Born in Luxembourg City on 22 July 1859, Bernhoeft was the son of army officer Carl Johann Adolph Bernhoeft and Marguerite Specht, the daughter of a merchant. They were the only son but had six sisters. In 1889, after studying photography and lithography, Bernhoeft married Marie-Louise Bernardy, a schoolteacher's daughter. They had two sons.
Career
Apart from their photographic work, few details remain about Bernhoeft's life. There are however still a number of their luxurious photo albums, illustrated magazines and above all several series of postcards, one of which contains 1,600 different images. An advertisement indicates that some 20 people were employed by their firm, Editions photographiques Bernhoeft.
In 1895, together with the journalist Jean-Nicolas Moes, Bernhoeft launched Luxembourg's first illustrated weekly magazine, Das Luxemburger Land in Wort und Bild, which, however, could only publish nine issues.
Much of their commercial success resulted from their appointment as court photographer in 1891. Their first studio in Luxembourg was at 1, rue du Génie (now avenue Monterey) but by 1900 they were in a position to construct impressive new three-storey premises for what they called Atelier Bernhoeft at the corner of rue de l'Arsenal (Grand-Rue) and boulevard Royal. For their portraits, they used the widely available carte de visite and cabinet card formats.
Albums such as Cöln und der Rhein (1895–1896), Bilder aus der Pfalz (1895), Nederland in Beeld (1896) and Eifel-Album (1896) show that they did not travel far outside the borders of Luxembourg, although they did reproduce exotic pictures from exhibitions such as the Antwerp International Exposition in 1894.
Bernhoeft's work did much to encourage tourism, which was just beginning to develop at the time. They not only published photographic albums documenting Luxembourg and its surroundings but also illustrated maps of the city and the Moselle Valley. Their postcards were also popular with tourists.
Flash invention
Bernhoeft was also successful as an inventor, developing systems providing indirect artificial lighting to facilitate portrait photography. They adapted the approach to magnesium flash photography, which proved particularly successful for photographing children, unable to keep still for very long. They patented the device as Bernhoeft's Blitzlichtapparat Sanssouci and succeeded in selling some 300 units.
References
Luxembourgian photographers
1859 births
1933 deaths
People from Luxembourg City
Dorcadion taygetanum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1902. It is known from Greece.
References
taygetanum
Beetles described in 1902
Karamergen is a medieval Kazakh settlement.
History
In the first information about the existence of the ruins of ancient cities on the southern shore of lake Balkhash belong to the end of the XIX century.in the 1960s, under the leadership of Akishev, K. M. Baypakov and L. B. Yerzakovich, archaeological research was conducted on the settlement.
Karamergen settlement dates back to the IX-XIII century and is identified with the city of Gorguz. One of the routes of the medieval caravan route went to the cities of the southern Balkhash region, in the lower reaches of Ili, along the Ortasu channel (or. Ili), where the remains of the cities of Karamergen, Aktam and Agashayak were found to the shore of Balkhash, and then along the Uzun-Aral Peninsula, which almost connects the southern and Northern shores of the lake, leaving a Strait a little more than 8 km wide.
Description
The settlement is a rectangle (115 x 120 m), oriented at the corners according to the countries of the world. The height of the walls reaches three meters. At the four corners are round, strongly protruding outward towers 4.5 m high. the North-Eastern and South-Western sides have two more round towers 3.5 m high. Entrances to the settlement can be traced in the middle of the North-Western and South-Eastern walls. The structure of their complex. They are flanked by an L-shaped section of the wall, at the corners of which there are two more towers, and the South-Eastern entrance is still strengthened by an outrigger shaft, preserved to a height of 1.5 m. 20 m to the East of the South tower is a trapezoidal structure, surrounded by a half-meter-high rampart. On the South-Eastern side of the settlement, at a distance of 0.8–1 km, there is a main channel, which was taken out of the bed of one of the channels of the now waterless Ortasu river. Pottery from the excavations dates back to the IX-XIII centuries. these are cauldrons, table and water-bearing jugs, mugs, bowls, large vessels for storing water, grain and flour – huma. In addition to irrigated agriculture, hunting in the tugai forests, where Turan tigers were found, as well as fishing in the waters of the Ili river and lake Balkhash, played an important role in the life of the citizens of Karamergen.
Location
Almaty region, Balkhash district, on the Bank of the dry ortasu branch in Shet-Bakanas, on the territory of the saryesik-Atyrau desert, 200 km North-East of the village of Bakanas.
Preservation of the monument
The monument is under state protection, included in the State list of historical and cultural monuments of national significance in 2015. It is included in the UNESCO World Heritage list as part of the Semirechensk section of the serial nomination of monuments of the Great silk road. There is no physical protection of the monument in place.
Sources of information about the monument
Baypakov K. M., Yerzakovich L. B. Ancient cities of Kazakhstan. Alma-ATA, 1971.
Baypakov K., Voyakin D. Kazakhstan section of the silk road. Almaty. 2012.
References
World Heritage Sites in Kazakhstan
Heartwork is the fourth album by British extreme metal band Carcass. The album was released in the UK through Earache Records on 18 October 1993, and in the United States on 11 January 1994 through Columbia Records, making it the band's only major label release. Heartwork has been described as the band's "breakthrough" and "mid-period masterpiece", as well as a landmark album in the melodic death metal genre. The album was recorded at Parr Street Studios, Liverpool from 18 May – 21 June 1993.
The sculpture depicted in the cover art, "Life Support 1993," was designed by H. R. Giger, and is an update of a sculpture they created in the late 1960s. The video for the song "Heartwork" features a real-life interpretation of the sculpture, including a human welded as a part of it. The album was reissued as a Dualdisc on 2 June 2008.
Until 2021's Torn Arteries, this was the only Carcass album to have the same lineup as the previous album. Guitarist Michael Amott left the band after the recording of the album before founding Spiritual Beggars, and was temporarily replaced by Mike Hickey. In The Pathologist's Report, Bill Steer says Heartwork is their favourite Carcass album.
Release
Heartwork sold at least 81,000 units. It spawned one single under the same name that featured the title track and non-album tracks "This is Your Life" and "Rot 'n' Roll".
2008 reissue
The album was re-released in 2008 as part of an ongoing series of Carcass reissues to tie in with their reunion. The main album is presented as one side of a Dualdisc, while the DVD side features the fourth part of an extended interview/documentary titled The Pathologist's Report Part IV: Epidemic. Also included in the reissue is a bonus disc including the entire album in demo form, something recorded by the band before recording the actual album in an effort to be better prepared. The demo features the same 10 songs in a slightly different order. Later editions have the DVD on a separate disc, bringing the total to 3 discs. The album is presented in a 12-panel digipak with full lyrics and artwork.
Critical reception
Heartwork is widely considered to be one of the greatest death metal albums of all time. In an October 2007 interview, Evile frontman Matt Drake described Heartwork as "just one of the best albums ever." Hank Schteamer of Pitchfork described Heartwork in 2013 as Carcass's "mid-period masterpiece," and praised the album as being "perhaps the greatest example to date of an extreme-metal band nodding to the polish and swagger of above-ground rock while retaining their core ferocity." Johnny Loftus called the album the band's "breakthrough release" on AllMusic, and suggested that while "some purists might decry its melodic breaks for soloing or nods toward conventional structure[,] Heartwork is that rare album that so carefully dissects and reconstructs its original form that its additional body parts seem like they were there all along."
In May 2013, Heartwork was inducted into the Decibel Magazine Hall of Fame, becoming the 100th overall inductee and second Carcass album to be featured in the Decibel Hall of Fame, right after Necroticism.
In 2017, Rolling Stone ranked Heartwork as 51st on their list of 'The 100 Greatest Metal Albums of All Time.'
Legacy
The band Carnal Forge named themselves after the song of the same name from this album.
Track listing
Personnel
Carcass
Jeff Walker – bass, vocals
Michael Amott – lead guitar
Bill Steer – lead guitar
Ken Owen – drums
Additional personnel
Keith Andrews – engineering
Dave Buchanan – assistant engineering
Colin Richardson – production
Andrea Wright – assistant engineering
H. R. Giger – front album sculpture
Jurg Kümmer – photo
Andrew Tuohy – design
References
Carcass (band) albums
1993 albums
Columbia Records albums
Earache Records albums
Albums with cover art by H. R. Giger
Hail to the Sunrise is the name of a monument in Charlemont, Massachusetts. The monument features a prominent statue of a Mohawk Indian and a reflecting pool. Completed in 1932, it is a major feature of Mohawk Park, a roadside park located beside Massachusetts Route 2, the Mohawk Trail.
The bronze statue depicts a Native American man in traditional wardrobe looking eastward with their arms extended. They face the direction of the rising sun and is said to be greeting the Great Spirit. The casting stands upon a large boulder. A tablet in the shape of an arrowhead at the base of the statue reads: "Hail to the Sunrise - In Memory of the Mohawk Indian." The pool is lined with 100 inscribed stones from various tribes and councils of the Improved Order of Red Men (a fraternal organization of white men) from throughout the United States.
History
The statue was created by sculptor Joseph Pollia and revealed on October 1, 1932. More than 2,000 people attended the ceremony. The monument honors the peoples of the five Mohawk Nations that inhabited western Massachusetts and New York State. The Mohawks that traveled this trail were said to be friendly to white settlers.
Today the monument serves as a reminder of the area's Native American heritage. The grounds are open to the public and many travelers find this to be a welcoming stop along the scenic highway.
The park also serves as the site of an annual parade and ceremony hosted by the Improved Order of Red Men each September.
See also
Appeal to the Great Spirit, 1909 statue
References
External links
Berkshireweb.com: Mohawk Trail
Scenicusa.net: Mohawk Trail
Statues in Massachusetts
Mohawk culture
Sculptures of Native Americans
Outdoor sculptures in Massachusetts
Bronze sculptures in Massachusetts
Native American history of Massachusetts
History of Berkshire County, Massachusetts
1932 sculptures
1932 establishments in Massachusetts
Sculptures of men in Massachusetts
Improved Order of Red Men
Leo Jaffe (April 23, 1909 in New York City, New York – August 20, 1997 in New York City, New York) was an American film executive. They were chairperson of the board of Columbia Pictures from 1973 until their retirement in 1981.  They are the father of film producer Stanley R. Jaffe and film agent Andrea Jaffe.
Career
The son of Lithuanian immigrants, Jaffe began working in a glue factory in the Bronx to put themselves through college. While still a graduate at New York University, they began working in the mailroom at Columbia in the summer of 1930, spending their entire career there and working their way to the top. They became a travelling auditor and worked their way up the finance department, becoming treasurer and member of the board in 1956 and executive vice president in 1962. They ran the studio during the 1960s and 1970s becoming president in 1967 and chairperson in August 1973. In 1979, Jaffe received the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Jean Hersholt Award. In 1981 they retired after 51 years with the company and became chairperson emeritus.
Personal life
In 1968, Jaffe received the Bronze Medallion, New York City's highest civilian honor. In 1994, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to him.
They were married three times and had three sons, Howard, Ira and Stanley and two daughters, Marie and Andrea.  They are the father to producer and director Stanley R. Jaffe known for the movie Krammer Vs. Krammer. Stanley went on to have two children Robert and Elizabeth Jaffe
References
External links
1909 births
1997 deaths
Businesspeople from New York City
American people of Lithuanian-Jewish descent
American film studio executives
Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award winners
20th-century American businesspeople
Baraeus taeniolatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chevrolat in 1857. It is known from the Ivory Coast, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Sierra Leone, the Central African Republic, Nigeria, and Togo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1857
Chichimequillas is a village in the Mexican state of Querétaro. It is located in the municipality of El Marqués. It has 3717 inhabitants, and is located at 1970 meters above sea level.
References
[] Guide from Mexico Desconocido magazine
Populated places in Querétaro
The Japan women's national under-17 football team is a national association football youth team of Japan and is controlled by the Japan Football Association.
Results and fixtures
Legend
2022
Fixtures & Results (WU-17), JFA.jp
U-15
Fixtures & Results (WU-15), JFA.jp
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Players
Current U-17 squad
The following players were called-up for the 2022 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup, held in October 2022.
Current U-16 squad
The following players were called-up for the U-16 National Team training camp held from 7 to 11 November 2021 at the J-VILLAGE.
Current U-15 squad
The following U-15 players were named for the 2022 Balcom BMW Cup, also known this year as Prayer for Peace; Hiroshima International Youth Soccer Games 2022, held in August.
Previous U-17 squads
2018 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
2016 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
2014 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
2008 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
Competitive record
FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
AFC U-17 Women's Asian Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
See also
Woman 's
International footballers
National football team (Results)
National under-20 football team
National under-17 football team
National futsal team
Man 's
International footballers
National football team (Results (2020–present))
National under-23 football team
National under-20 football team
National under-17 football team
National futsal team
National under-20 futsal team
National beach soccer team
References
External links
Official website, JFA.jp
Japan national team 2021 schedule at JFA.jp
Women's national under-17 association football teams
Football
Bloody Sunday of February 18, 1900, was a day of high Imperial casualties in the Second Boer War.
Background
It occurred on the first day of the Battle of Paardeberg. A combined British-Canadian force of 6,000 finally trapped a group of approximately 5,000 Boer soldiers and some civilians, under Piet Cronjé, in a bend of the Modder River near Kimberley, having advanced from south of the Modder River on the 11th. The Boers defended a series of trenches on Paardeberg Hill.
The Imperial commander, Kitchener (temporarily replacing the unwell Roberts), began the battle by ordering a charge straight at the Boer trenches. The land sloped down to the Boer position and lacked any cover for or more. The Highland Brigade and the 2nd (Special Service) Battalion, The Royal Canadian Regiment of Infantry, led the attack.
The Boer soldiers withheld fire until the British soldiers were within . The British were pinned and the exchange of fire continued until nightfall when the British withdrew. The Highlanders took almost 300 casualties; the Canadian losses were 18 dead and 60 wounded. Attacks elsewhere along the line resulted in a total 1,100 casualties, with two hundred killed -- the worst single day loss for the Imperial forces.
After the first assault Roberts retook command that evening. With the Boers trapped they ordered the digging of trenches and a bombardment, which continued for nine days. On 27 February, after a confused night attack, the surviving Boer soldiers surrendered - around 4,000 in total.
A further 2,000 Imperial soldiers died or were invalided at Paardeberg from illness, mostly due to drinking the water of the Modder River, downstream from where the Boer were throwing horse and cattle corpses killed by the artillery fire.
See also
Military history of South Africa
Black Week
References
Bloody Sunday
Bloody Sunday
Conflicts in 1900
1900 in the Orange Free State
History of the Free State (province)
February 1900 events
af:Slag van Paardeberg#Bloedige Sondag
Cross-reactivity, in a general sense, is the reactivity of an observed agent which initiates reactions outside the main reaction expected. This has implications for any kind of test or assay, including diagnostic tests in medicine, and can be a cause of false positives. In immunology, the definition of cross-reactivity refers specifically to the reaction of the immune system to antigens. There can be cross-reactivity between the immune system and the antigens of two different pathogens, or between one pathogen and proteins on non-pathogens, which in some cases can be the cause of allergies.
In medical testing
In medical tests, including rapid diagnostic tests, cross-reactivity can be either confounding or helpful, depending on the instance. An example of confounding that yields a false positive error is in a latex fixation test when agglutination occurs with another antigen rather than the antigen of interest. An example of helpful cross-reactivity is in heterophile antibody tests, which detect Epstein-Barr virus using antibodies with specificity for other antigens. Cross-reactivity is also a commonly evaluated parameter for the validation of immune and protein binding based assays such as ELISA and RIA. In this case it is normally quantified by comparing the assays response to a range of similar analytes and expressed as a percentage. In practice, calibration curves are produced using fixed concentration ranges for a selection of related compounds and the midpoints (IC50) of the calibration curves are calculated and compared. The figure then provides an estimate of the response of the assay to possible interfering compounds relative to the target analyte.
Applications in drug development
Tissue cross-reactivity assay is a standard method based on immunohistochemistry, required prior to phase I human studies for therapeutic antibodies.
In drug screening, because much urine drug screens use immunoassays there is a certain amount of cross-reactivity. Certain drugs or other chemicals can give a false positive for another category of drug.
In immunology
In immunology, cross-reactivity has a more narrow meaning of the reaction between an antibody and an antigen that differs from the immunogen. It is sometimes also referred to as cross-immunity or cross-protective immunity, although cross-reactivity does not necessarily infer cross-protection. In some cases, the cross-reactivity can be destructive, and immune response to one pathogen can interfere with or lower the immune response to a different pathogen.
An adaptive immune response is specific to the antigen that stimulated it (called the immunogen). However, many naturally occurring apparent antigens are actually a mixture of macromolecules (for example, from pathogens, toxins, proteins, or pollen) comprising several epitopes. Contact with a complex antigen such as a virus will stimulate multiple immune responses to the virus' different macromolecules as well as the individual epitopes of each macromolecule. For example, the tetanus toxin is a single protein macromolecular antigen but will stimulate many immune responses due to the tertiary structure of the protein yielding many different epitopes. The toxin that creates the immune response will have an epitope on it that stimulates the response. Denaturing the protein may 'disarm' its function but allow the immune system to have an immune response thus creating an immunity without harming the patient.
Cross reactivity has implications for flu vaccination because of the large number of strains of flu, as antigens produced in response to one strain may confer protection to different strains. Cross-reactivity need not be between closely related viruses, however; for example, there is cross-reactivity between influenza virus-specific CD8+ T cells and hepatitis C virus antigens.
Allergies
Cross reactivity may also occur between a pathogen and a protein found on a non-pathogen (i.e. food.) There may even be cross reactivity between two non-pathogens; for example, Hevein-like protein domains are a possible cause for allergen cross-reactivity between latex and banana.
Cross-reactivity may be caused by identical carbohydrate structures on unrelated proteins from the same or different species. Such cross-reactive carbohydrate determinants (CCDs) are an issue in allergy diagnosis, where about a fifth of all patients displays IgE antibodies against Asn-linked oligosaccharides (N-glycans) containing core α1,3-linked fucose. As CCDs apparently do not elicit allergic symptoms, a positive in vitro test based on IgE binding to CCDs must be rated as false positive.
References
External links
Chemical reactions
Immune system
Deepakk Sunil Prasadh is an Indian film director and writer.
Life and career
Born in Mumbai, Deepakk Sunil Prasadh was a bright student, They would visit shooting floors since the age of 6, it is here they dreamt of becoming a Director.
Training began early for him. They started off as an Assistant Editor on the TV show Sanskriti on Star Plus. After understanding the ropes of editing, Deepakk Sunil Prasadh started assisting Mr. Tony Singh on the show Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin. After a brief stint of TV they set their sights on Films and joined Mr. Kabir Sadanand as an Assistant Director on the Pritish Nandy Communications Produced Hindi Movie Popcorn Khao! Mast Ho Jao. Deepakk Sunil Prasadh continued their work with Kabir Sadanand on various TV shows like CID, CID Special Bureau, Akayla, etc.
Filmography
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Film directors from Mumbai
Indian male screenwriters
Indian television writers
Male television writers
Pisagua is a Chilean port on the Pacific Ocean, located in Huara comuna (municipality), in Tarapacá Region, northern Chile. In 2007, the new province of El Tamarugal was established and the comuna of Huara, previously within the province of Iquique, was incorporated to the newly created province.
Early history
According to Francisco Riso Patrón, and stated in Diccionario Geográfico de las Provincias de Tacna y Tarapacá, the name Pisagua has a quechua origin, meaning "place of scarce water": Pis - scarce, agua - water.
Pisagua was founded in 1611 after an edict by the Viceroy of Peru which established a base from which it could be possible to stem the illegal traffic of gold and silver flowing from the important mines of Potosí and Oruro, in the Highlands of the "Audiencia of Charcas", to the British and Dutch pirates operating in the Corregimiento de Arica. Thus, Pisagua became a minor port, subjected to the major Port of San Marcos de Arica.
This settlement, known today as 'Pisagua Viejo' (Old Pisagua) developed at the south side of the Quebrada Tiliviche, on part of an extensive ancient midden deposit. Some adobe ruins remain.
The "Nitrate boom"
It was not until 1810 when large nitrate ("salitre" or saltpeter) deposits were discovered in the Corregimiento de Tarapacá that Pisagua became an important port due to its major role in the export of this product. Tsunami forced the transfer of Pisagua to the place where it lies today, in 1836. This site is a small plain located between the peninsulas of Punta Pichalo and Punta Pisagua, about 3 km South of Pisagua Viejo.
The War of the Pacific
On November 2, 1879 Pisagua was occupied by Chilean troops during the Guerra del Pacífico, in the "Battle of Pisagua". After the war, Pisagua went from Peruvian hands to Chilean administration.
The heydays of the town
Pisagua became an important port of the South Pacific during the nitrate boom of the 1870s. During the first years of the 20th century, Pisagua had become one of the most important ports of the whole country (after Valparaíso and Iquique), with offices from major banks, and one of the most beautiful cities on the Southern Pacific coast.
Railway history
The construction of a standard gauge railway line to connect Pisagua with the interior started in about 1865, while Pisagua was still a Peruvian possession. Work continued under Chilean administration, and by 1935 Pisagua was the northern terminus of a network of main and branch lines, with a connection to Iquique, the principal terminus of the line. Trains climbed from sea level at Pisagua to the interior plateau via three reversing zig-zags and a heavily graded line. Supplies for the interior towns and nitrate works were hauled up from the coast, and nitrate for export made up the return load. The principal traffic was always nitrated, after which came fuel, passengers, perishables, parcels, general merchandise, and livestock. Water for the steam locomotives and the town relied on two wells at Dolores (see map), from Pisagua, which today still derives its water from this source.
Decline
When the nitrate boom came to an end, the port of Pisagua could keep some degree of importance because of its new role in the fishmeal industry. However, at the end of the 1950s, Pisagua lost most of its population and economic base and went into precipitous decline and even ceased to be the third town in importance of Tarapacá province (after Arica and Iquique).
Pisagua as a prisoner site
Pisagua has often been used as a concentration camp for political prisoners. This happened during the rule of Carlos Ibáñez del Campo (for male homosexuals), as well as that of Gabriel González Videla (for communists, anarchists and revolutionaries) and more recently, during Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship (for left-wing militants). Many bodies have been found under the waters of the port and several graves have been discovered in Pisagua since the end of Pinochet's military regime. Pisagua is geographically isolated, with the ocean on one side and a big desert on the other.
Pisagua today
The earthworks, embankments and cuttings that carried the railway into the town are clearly visible on the bare ground. The old railway station still stands in Pisagua itself, where there are other interesting (although semi-derelict) buildings made with Oregon pine wood. Good examples are the turret of the clock, the municipal theatre, and the hospital, all dating from the nitrate period. Today, Pisagua is no longer the proud and rich port that once was but a small and isolated village with a population of just 260, included in the municipality of Huara, which has only 2,600 inhabitants itself.
References
External links
"Canzoni contro la Guerra" - Pisagua
"Voices of a Natural Prison: Tourism Development and Fisheries"
Port settlements in Chile
Populated places in El Tamarugal Province
Railways with Zig Zags
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Minami, Kaifu District, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M20".
Lines
Kitagawachi Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 51.5 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of one side platform serving a single track. There is no station building; however, the platform has a shelter for passengers. A ramp and a flight of steps lead up to the platform from the access road. A bike shed is located near the entrance of the station.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways (JGR) opened Kitagawachi Station on 14 December 1939 with the name . It was set up as intermediate station when the track of the Mugi Line was being extended from to . The station was renamed Kitagawachi on 1 October 1959. On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of the station.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 55
Minami Municipal Hiwasa Junior High School
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1939
Minami, Tokushima
Asmaca is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 104 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ch'aki Qucha or Ch'akiqucha (Quechua ch'aki dry, qucha lake, "dry lake", also spelled Chaguicocha, Chaqui Khocha, Chaqui Kocha, Chaquicocha, Chaquiccocha, Chaquijocha) may refer to:
Ch'aki Qucha, a mountain in the Potosí Department, Bolivia
Ch'akiqucha, a mountain in the Cusco Region, Peru
Ch'akiqucha (Lima), a mountain in the Lima Region, Peru
Panaspis tsavoensis, also known as the Tsavo snake-eyed skink, is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. The species is found in Tsavo East and Tsavo West National Parks in Kenya; it is probably more widespread in arid lowlands further north in Kenya.
Panaspis tsavoensis is a small skink measuring on average in snout–vent length.
References
Panaspis
Skinks of Africa
Reptiles of Kenya
Endemic fauna of Kenya
Reptiles described in 2019
Taxa named by Felista Kasyoka Kilunda
Taxa named by Werner Conradie
Taxa named by Domnick Victor Wasonga
Taxa named by Jin Jie-Qiong
Taxa named by Robert W. Murphy
Taxa named by Patrick K. Malonza
Taxa named by Che Jing
The 2013 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women Division C was the 8th edition of the Division C of the FIBA U18 Women's European Championship, the third tier of the European women's under-18 basketball championship. It was played in Andorra la Vella, Andorra, from 15 to 20 July 2013. Andorra women's national under-18 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
First round
Playoffs
Final standings
References
2013
2013–14 in European women's basketball
FIBA U18
Sports competitions in Andorra la Vella
FIBA
Koyal Rana (born 4 January 1993) is an Indian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Femina Miss India 2014. They came to attention at the age of 15 during MTV Teen Diva. At the age of 21 they represented India in Miss World 2014 that was held in London and ended up to be in the top 10 with the highest score. They were crowned Miss World Asia after the event.
Early life and education
Koyal Rana was crowned the winner of Femina Miss India on 5 April 2014. They completed their schooling at St. Thomas' School (New Delhi). They did their undergraduate programme in Bachelor of Business Studies from Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College, University of Delhi.
In 2014, they graduated with distinction as a business student at the University of Delhi, from Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College.
Social work
In 2012, at the age of 19 they Co-founded a Non-Governmental Organisation(NGO),Moksha Foundation. They have been an instrumental part in the promotion of the organization and its activities. Them immense contribution to the cause of sanitation and hygiene led them to win the Miss Beauty with a Purpose Award at the fbb Femina Miss India pageant where they presented the Swastha Bhavishya project to a jury of renowned people. Koyal has also visited a dozen schools to try out various methods of raising awareness about the project by using different content each time with the children to check their responses. They also won Beauty with a Purpose at Miss World 2014 and became third Beauty with a Purpose winner from India in Miss World.
Femina Miss India 2014
Koyal Rana was crowned the 51st Femina Miss India Femina Miss India World 2014, on 5 April 2014, at a ceremony in Mumbai.
Before entering Miss India, they participated in Femina Miss India Delhi 2014 pageant and was declared the winner and got a direct entry into the Miss India 2014 pageant.
Miss World 2014
After winning the title of Femina Miss India World 2014 represented India at Miss World 2014, the 64th edition of the Miss World pageant.
They made it to the top 10 (scored the highest points).
They bagged the highest placement from the Asian continent and the second Continental Queen of Asia from India after Miss World 2008.
Koyal was the best performer in Miss World 2014. They were consistent throughout the competition and made it to almost all the fast tracks.
Here's what they achieved in Miss World 2014:
1. Miss World Asia (Continental Queen of Asia)
2. Beauty with a Purpose (Winner),
3. World Designer Dress (Winner),
4. Beach Fashion - Top 5,
5. Multimedia Award - Top 5,
6. The People's Choice Award - Top 10,
7. Top Model - Top 20,
8. Sports & Fitness - Top 32,
9. Dances of The World - Top 10 Performer.
Work and career
Koyal believes in Yoga and its importance. They keep conducting various activities to promote Yoga. In 2015 they celebrated the International Yoga festival with narendra Modi's initiative at Rajpath.
Koyal Rana loves staying fit and tries to balance their fondness for yoga with gymming and sports. They give credit for their good looks to their fitness and diet.
Koyal also promoted Yoga with the help of Reebok from 2014 to 2016.  They are the brand ambassador for Reebok since 2014. They were associated with this brand because of the company's ideology and philosophy which matches with hers.
Endorsements
Koyal has been actively attached with numerous endorsements for many brands such as Reebok, Coca-Cola, Tata DoCoMo, Yamaha, Neutrogena, Garnier India and Sony.
Koyal is the Brand Ambassador of Reebok and Neutrogena.
Koyal has featured in many designer clothes and have walked as the showstopper for many Fashion Designers. Some of them are: Falguni and Shane Peacock, Rohit Bal, Shantanu and Nikhil, Joy Mitra, Pankaj and Nidhi, Abhishek Sharma, Ritu Kumar, Sahil Kochar, Neeta Lulla, Marccain, Neha Taneja, Saisha Shinde, Rocky S, etc.
Magazine covers and features: Femina, Competition Success Review, Femina Girl, Hair, Fact Universal, etc.
Miss Teen India 2008
Koyal was crowned Miss Teen India 2008 popularly known as Teen Diva. They represented India at Miss Teen International in Chicago at the age of 15.
They won the Miss Universal Teen 2009 Title.
Them achievements at Miss Universal Teen:
1. Miss Beautiful Skin
2. Miss Photogenic
3. Miss Viewer's Choice
TEDx Speaker
Koyal was also one of the speakers on the theme 'Zoom Out' for second edition of TEDx IMI New Delhi and TEDx IIM Raipur on the theme 'Infinite Dimensions'
References
External links
Twitter
Living people
Female models from Delhi
Indian beauty pageant winners
Miss World 2014 delegates
Femina Miss India winners
1993 births
Quince's Scenicruisers is a bus and coach charter operator in Melbourne, Australia.
History
In 1951 Quince's Scenicruisers operated route 103A Oakleigh - Clayton - Moorabbin. In 1967 Quince's joined with Melbourne Motor Coach Service and McGeary's Parlor Coaches to form Australian Pacific Tours. Quince's later withdrew from the partnership.
After the State Government decided to open private routes to open tender, in 1988 Quince's were awarded the rights to operate some services of Ventura Bus Lines and Waverley Transit. Waverley Transit won a legal case and the contract between Quince's and The Met was ruled void.
Quince's had already taken delivery of 24 Hino AC140s and 40 Mercedes-Benz O405s. These entered service on two new routes 634 Middle Brighton station - Monash University/East Clayton and 705 Springvale - Mordialloc.
Following 18 months of unsuccessful negotiations with the Department of Infrastructure over a new contract, Quince's relinquished their route licences in February 1998. By this stage they were operating routes 615 Box Hill - North Balwyn, 631 Westfield Southland - Mitcham station, 634 Lilydale - Monash University, 705 Mordialloc - Springvale, 708 Mordialloc - Carrum and 731 Camberwell - North Balwyn. These were split amongst Invicta Bus Services, Moorabbin Transit, National Bus Company and Ventura Bus Lines. Since then it has operated as a bus and coach charter operator. In September 2015 the business was purchased by the Australian Transit Group.
Fleet
As at May 2016 the fleet consisted of 35 buses and coaches.
References
Bus companies of Victoria (Australia)
Bus transport in Melbourne
Andri Snær Magnason (born 14 July 1973) is an Icelandic writer. They have written novels, poetry, plays, short stories, and essays. Their work has been published or performed in more than 30 countries.
They were awarded the Icelandic Literary Prize in 1999 for the children's book and play Blue Planet, and again in 2006 for the non-fiction book Dreamland, a critique of Icelandic industrial and energy policy.
They were a candidate in the 2016 Icelandic presidential election.
About
Andri was born in Reykjavík on 14 July 1973. They have four children.
Their novel, LoveStar, was chosen “Novel of the year” by Icelandic booksellers 2002, received the DV Literary Award and a nomination to the Icelandic Literary Prize, and was awarded the Philip K. Dick Award Special Citation of Excellence in 2013. Their children's book, Blue Planet, was the first children's book to receive the Icelandic Literary Prize and has been published in 30 countries. Blue Planet was a 2014 United Kingdom Literacy Association Book Award Winner, an Honor Book for the Nature Generation's 2013 Green Earth Book Award in Children's Fiction, and received the 2002 West Nordic Children's Book Prize and the Janusz Korczak Honorary Award in 2000. The play from the story has been staged in Toronto, Chicago, Aalborg, Wasa and Lucerne. Andri has collaborated with various artists, mostly with the band múm.
Andri was vice-president of The Icelandic Writers Union and a board member of The Culture House in Reykjavik. They have been active in the fight against the destruction of the Icelandic Highlands.
In 2021, they won the Writers Award from the Icelandic National Broadcasting Service RÚV.
Bibliography
Ljóðasmygl og skáldarán – Nykur 1995
Bonus Poetry (original title: Bónusljóð). Published by Icelandic supermarket chain Bónus in 1996.
Very Short Stories (original title: Engar Smá Sögur). Published by Mál og menning. 1996.
Maður undir himni, um trú í ljóðum Ísaks Harðarsonar. Published by University of Iceland Press in 1999.
LoveStar (published in English by Seven Stories Press)
The Story of The Blue Planet (published in English by Seven Stories Press) (original title: Sagan af bláa hnettinum. Published by Mál og menning)
Dreamland – A Self Help Manual For A Frightened Nation (published in English by Citizen Press). (original title: Draumalandið – sjálfshjálparbók handa hræddri þjóð published by Mál og menning in 2006)
The Time Casket Tímakistan – Mál og menning 2013Sofðu ást mín Mál og menning 2016Bónusljóð 44% meira (2017)
Plays
Natures Opera (original title: Náttúruóperan) LFMH 1999
Blue Planet (original title: Blái hnötturinn) Icelandic National Theater 2001
Hlauptu Náttúrubarn Útvarpsleikhúsið 2001
Úlfhamssaga Hafnarfjarðarleikhúsið/Annað svið 2004
Eternal Happiness (original title: Eilíf hamingja) with Thorleif Arnarson – City Theater/ Lifandi Leikhús 2007
Eternal Misery (original title: Eilíf óhamingja) with Thorleif Arnarson- City Theater/ Lifandi Leikhús 2009
Music
Voices/Raddir, Smekkleysa/Stofnun Árna Magnússonar 1998
Flugmaður – spoken word CD with múm – Leiknótan 1999
Films
Dreamland'' (original title: Draumalandið), Documentary film codirected with Þorfinnur Guðnason. Ground Control Productions 2009.
See also
List of Icelandic writers
Icelandic literature
References
External links
Official website
Andri Snaer Magnason
Andri Snaer Magnason
Andri Snaer Magnason
Non-fiction environmental writers
Andri Snaer Magnason
1973 births
Living people
Andri Snaer Magnason
Andri Snaer Magnason
Andri Snaer Magnason
Andri Snaer Magnason
Andri Snaer Magnason
Candidates for President of Iceland
Mark Nye (1909–1993) was an Anglican bishop and political prisoner in South Africa during the apartheid era.
Education
Nye attended the Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood in London after which they went up to St. John's College, Oxford, where they were awarded the Andrew Scholarship 11 June 1928. They did their theological training at Cuddesdon College.
Clerical career
Nye was made deacon on 17 December 1933 and ordained priest 23 December 1934. They served a curacy at St Luke's Church, Kew, 1933-1937. Nye moved to South Africa and served as rector in three parishes in the Diocese of Kimberley and Kuruman in the period 1937 to 1951. In 1951 Nye moved to the Diocese of Pretoria and was a priest in charge of the Pretoria Native Mission in Lady Selbourne but based at St Augustine's Church in the Pretoria city center. Later they were rector of St Wilfred's, Pretoria. In 1965 they were appointed as Dean of Pretoria at St Alban's Cathedral. In 1973 they were consecrated as a bishop and served as suffragan bishop of Pretoria, rector of Christ Church, Pietersburg (now Polokwane and part of the Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist ) and as archdeacon. They retired to Cape Town in 1978, where they continued their priestly ministry until 1987. They died 18 February 1993.
Political imprisonment
During the 1956 Treason Trial Nye and their family were living in the priest's house of St Augustine's Church, the house was diagonally opposite the Supreme Court (Old Synagogue). The Treason Trialists would take their meals at the family home.
Following the Sharpeville massacre Nye was detained without trial under the Public Safety Act, 1953, they were arrested on 28 March 1960 (along with Colin Lang, John Brink and Leon Levy, Vuyisile Mini); they were held in solitary confinement for three weeks, Nye was released on 31 May 1960.
Family life
Nye's parents were Charles and Florence, their siblings were Margaret, David, Noelle, Mark, Rene, and Niel. Nye married Gabrielle Jacqueline Wanner on 26 April 1954 and they had four children David, Pierre, Claire, Judith. Claire is an Anglican priest.
Notes and references
White South African anti-apartheid activists
1909 births
1993 deaths
Anglican bishops of Pretoria
Deans of Pretoria
The Das Land Südtirol () is a monthly German-language publication of the Südtiroler Landtag (South Tyrolian Landtag) in South Tyrol. The journal is published, with the exception of January and August, ten times a year in the first week of the month. Each edition features a several-pages long summary of the previous sessions of the assembly. Subscription of the publication is free of charge.
See also
Civic Network of South Tyrol
External links
The South Tyrolean Landtag - Das Land Südtirol
German-language mass media in South Tyrol
Mass media in Bolzano
Government gazettes
Government of South Tyrol
The 1872 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 5, 1872, as part of the 1872 United States presidential election. Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Georgia voted for the Liberal Republican candidate, Horace Greeley, over Republican candidate, Ulysses S. Grant. Greeley won Georgia by a margin of 9.94%. However, Greeley died prior to the Electoral College meeting, allowing Georgia's 11 electors to vote for the candidate of their choice: 6 voted for Greeley's running mate, B. Gratz Brown, and 2 for Charles Jenkins. 3 electors attempted to vote for the deceased Greeley, but their votes were rejected after a House of Representatives resolution.
Georgia was one of only two former Confederate states (along with Texas) that didn't vote Republican during the reconstruction elections of 1868, 1872, and 1876. During these elections, Southern Republicans were briefly empowered by newly registered black voters who would soon become disenfranchised again by anti-black laws known as black codes or Jim Crow laws in the late 1870s and 1880s. Despite failing to carry the state, Grant's 45.03% of the vote stood as the best performance by a Republican in Georgia until Barry Goldwater finally carried the state in 1964, 92 years later.
This was the last time the Republican candidate carried Greene, Fannin, and Pickens county until 1884; the last time they carried Polk, Haralson, Thomas, and Clay counties until 1896; the last time they carried Gilmer and Dawson counties until 1904; the last time a Republican carried Fulton county, home to Atlanta, until 1928; the last time they carried Bryan, Charlton, Lowndes, Harris, Houston, Putnam, Pike, Clayton, and Fayette counties until 1964, and the last time they won Coweta, Meriwether, Butts, Newton, and Clarke counties until 1972, when Richard Nixon swept every county in Georgia.
Results
Footnotes
References
Georgia
1872
1872 Georgia (U.S. state) elections
300 East is a streetcar stop in South Salt Lake, Utah, served by Utah Transit Authority's (UTA) S Line (previously known as the Sugar House Streetcar). The S Line provides service from the Sugar House neighborhood of Salt Lake City to the city of South Salt Lake (where it connects with UTA's TRAX light rail system).
Description
The 300 East stop is located at 2240 South 300 East, immediately east of South 300 East. The two side platforms are located on the far north and south sides of the tracks. There is very limited street-side parking possible nearby. The stop began service on December 8, 2013 and is operated by Utah Transit Authority.
When the S Line opened in December 2013, the line was almost entirely single-tracked, with passing tracks at the 500 East stop where the two cars typically operating on the line could pass each other. This layout enabled 20 minute frequencies on the line. In June 2017 it was announced that Salt Lake County would provide $4.5 million, and the federal government would provide $1.9 million through its Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement program, to double-track the portion of the S Line from just west of the 300 East stop, through to just east of the 500 East stop, enabling improved 15 minute frequencies on the line. Construction began in June 2018, and was completed in April 2019.
References
UTA streetcar stops
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2013
Railway stations in Salt Lake County, Utah
2013 establishments in Utah
Otematata is a town in the Waitaki District of Otago in New Zealand's South Island. It is defined as a "populated area less than a town" and the 2001 New Zealand census gave the "usually resident population count" as 243. By the 2018 census it had declined to 183 inhabitants. This was considerably higher in the 1960s during the construction of the Benmore and Aviemore dams.
Surrounded by rugged peaks and beautiful lakes of the Waitaki Valley, the earliest inhabitants of the area were Māori on hunting expeditions or travelling through the valley to reach the inland areas and mountain passes. Otematata in Māori means "place of good flint".
The Otematata township was built in 1958 as a base for the construction of the Aviemore and Benmore Dams. ECNZ (Electricity Corporation of New Zealand) used it as a base until the early 1990s. Prior to that there were a few 'high country' sheep stations, Rostiever Run owned by the Munro family and Otematata Station owned by the Cameron family.
ECNZ's successors' presence is now minimal as the dams are operated by remote control, and Otematata is becoming a village of holiday homes. It is a popular holiday destination with a hotel, restaurant, camping ground, backpackers, and other basic services. The townships population swells to over 5000 people in the Christmas and New Year holiday season as holidaymakers from around New Zealand come to enjoy the lakes. Water skiing is a popular pastime in the Waitaki Valley.
Like many inland areas, Otematata has weather that ranges from very cold in winter to very hot in summer. In the past five years, temperatures have ranged from 35.7 °C to −6.7 °C, with annual rainfall ranging from 282mm to 431mm.
Demographics
Otematata is described as a rural settlement by Statistics New Zealand, and covers . It is part of the larger Aviemore statistical area.
Otematata had a population of 183 at the 2018 New Zealand census, a decrease of 3 people (-1.6%) since the 2013 census, and a decrease of 6 people (-3.2%) since the 2006 census. There were 96 households. There were 96 males and 84 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.14 males per female. The median age was 58.8 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 9 people (4.9%) aged under 15 years, 27 (14.8%) aged 15 to 29, 78 (42.6%) aged 30 to 64, and 66 (36.1%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 88.5% European/Pākehā, 8.2% Māori, 1.6% Pacific peoples, and 6.6% Asian (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 49.2% had no religion, 44.3% were Christian and 1.6% were Buddhist.
Of those at least 15 years old, 12 (6.9%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 39 (22.4%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $27,700, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 87 (50.0%) people were employed full-time, and 24 (13.8%) were part-time.
References
Waitaki District
Populated places in Canterbury, New Zealand
Populated lakeshore places in New Zealand
The 1992 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament was the 33rd organized men's college soccer tournament by the National Collegiate Athletic Association, to determine the top college soccer team in the United States. The Virginia Cavaliers won their third national title, and second straight, by defeating the San Diego Toreros in the championship game, 2–0. The final match was played on December 6, 1992, in Davidson, North Carolina, at Richardson Stadium. All the other games were played at the home field of the higher seeded team.
Early rounds
Final
See also
NCAA Division II Men's Soccer Championship
NCAA Division III Men's Soccer Championship
NAIA Men's Soccer Championship
References
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament seasons
NCAA Division I Men's
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament
Eric Lafforgue (born 17 July 1964) is a French photographer. They have photographed in North Korea, making many trips there. Lafforgue has documented the Guna people of the San Blas Islands, off the coast of Panama, whose existence is threatened by rising sea levels.
Publications
Papous. Kubik, 2007. . Text by Almut Schneider.
Bon Baisers de Corée du Nord. Verlhac, 2012. . With a preface by Jacques Séguéla.
Banni de Corée du Nord. Hachette Tourisme, 2018. . French.
References
General references
N. Korea bans celebrated photographer Eric Lafforgue
Eric Lafforgue, bonexpose.com
Interview with Eric Lafforgue, Written by Bradt Travel Guides
External links
1964 births
French photographers
Living people
Otey is an unincorporated community located in northwestern Brazoria County, Texas, United States. According to the Handbook of Texas, the community had a population of 318 in 2000. It is located within the Greater Houston metropolitan area.
History
Otey was the site of the Palo Alto plantation owned by Robert and David G. Mills. They operated several other plantations in the state and have been said to have had $5 million before the American Civil War. They were soon bankrupted during the reconstruction era and lost their plantations to other creditors. The land surrounding the Palo Alto plantation and other plantations were within the boundaries of the Ramsey Unit, a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison. It became a prison for recidivists over 25 years of age, starting in 1908. A post office was established at Otey in 1911 and remained in operation until 1973 when mail was transferred to Rosharon. Its population in 1914 was 700 and had a physician. The Ramsey Unit had 674 inmates during that time. The Sugar Land Railroad extended its track from Anchor to Otey in 1916 and has since been abandoned. Its population dropped to 150 in 1958. It grew to 318 from 1990 through 2000. The Ramsey Unit prison had agricultural operations for crops, livestock, a dairy, a dehydrator, a gin, and furniture refurbishment.
Geography
Otey, on Oyster Creek, is on the westernmost extension of Farm to Market Road 655. It is north of Angleton.
Education
Angleton Independent School District operates schools in the area.
Gallery
References
Unincorporated communities in Brazoria County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
The Ultimate Collection is a compilation album by the American vocalist, pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams, released in 2004.
Track listing
Disc 1
"Rhythm Of Life" - 4:18
"Circle Of One" - 3:52
"Get Here" - 4:35
"I've Got To Sing My Song" - 4:02
"You've Got To Give Me Room" - 5:15
"Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me" - 5:54
"I Just Had To Hear Your Voice" - 3:39
"Hold Me For A While" - 5:09
"The Day I Stop Loving You" - 5:02
"My Heart Won't Lie" - 4:41
"When Love Comes To The Rescue" - 5:14
"Window Of Hope" - 4:21
"Oh Me, Oh My (I'm A Fool For You Baby)" - 4:40
"I Believe You" - 4:14
Disc 2
"Blessed With You" - 3:25
"No Secrets" - 4:08
"You Won't Get Away" - 5:56
"Never Knew Love" - 3:21
"I Knew You When" - 4:19
"We Will Meet Again" - 4:46
"New Star" - 4:17
"Once In A Lifetime" - 5:21
"You Need To Be Loved" - 4:39
"Between Hello And Goodbye" - 6:11
"Come And Walk With Me" - 6:07
"I Will Love You" - 5:30
"When You Walked Into My Life" - 4:16
"Learning To Love You More" - 4:25
Disc 3
"Woman In Chains" (featuring Tears For Fears) - 6:30
"Bad Man's Song" (featuring Tears For Fears) - 8:33
"I've Got To Sing My Song (Live)" - 4:32
"Get Here (Live)" - 4:54
"Slow Motion (Live)" - 4:20
"Life Keeps Moving On (Live)" - 4:35
"Rhythm Of Life (Reverend Jefferson's Original Dance Hall Mix)" - 6:48
"Never Knew Love (Reverend Jefferson Mix)" - 7:12
2004 compilation albums
Oleta Adams compilation albums
Montagne de Bueren is a 374-step staircase in Liège, Belgium. The staircase is named after Vincent de Bueren, who defended Liège against an attack by the Duke of Burgundy, Charles the Bold in the 15th century. It was built in 1881 to honour the 600 soldiers who died in the battle.
In 2013, Montagne de Bueren was ranked as #1 on The Huffington Post's list of Most Extreme Staircases.
In July 2020, in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in Belgium, Belgian explorer and adventurer Louis-Philippe Loncke ascended and descended the staircase 135 times carrying a 15 kg backpack, simulating an ascent of Mount Everest. The 9000m climb, which took 65 hours 30 minutes, was meant to show that one could still "trouver des défis physiques près de chez soi" (find physical challenges close to home).
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Liège
Geography of Liège
Tourist attractions in Liège
Stairways
Piranlu (, also Romanized as Pīrānlū) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 214, in 47 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Valley Heights USD 498 is a public unified school district headquartered in Waterville, Kansas, United States. The district includes the communities of Waterville, Blue Rapids, and nearby rural areas.
Schools
The school district operates the following schools:
Valley Heights Jr/Sr High School - 2274 6th Rd. between Blue Rapids and Waterville
Blue Rapids Elementary School - 508 Chestnut St. in Blue Rapids
Waterville Elementary School - 307 East Lincoln St. in Waterville
See also
Kansas State Department of Education
Kansas State High School Activities Association
List of high schools in Kansas
List of unified school districts in Kansas
References
External links
School districts in Kansas
Libuše Průšová (born 13 July 1979) is a former professional Czech tennis player.
In their career, Průšová won eleven singles and six doubles titles on the ITF Circuit. On 21 October 2002, they reached their best singles ranking of world No. 103. On 7 June 2004, they peaked at No. 46 in the WTA doubles rankings.
WTA career finals
Doubles: 1 (runner-up)
ITF finals
Singles (11–7)
Doubles: 17 (6–11)
Performance timelines
Singles
Doubles
References
1979 births
Living people
People from Valašské Meziříčí
Czech female tennis players
Olympic tennis players of the Czech Republic
Tennis players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Zlín Region
The 2021–22 Army Black Knights men's basketball team represented the United States Military Academy in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Black Knights, led by sixth-year head coach Jimmy Allen, played their home games at Christl Arena in West Point, New York as members of the Patriot League.
Previous season
The Black Knights finished the 2020–21 season 12–10, 7–7 in Patriot League play to finish in second place in the North Division. In the Patriot League Tournament, they defeated American in the quarterfinals, before being upset by Loyola (MD) in the semifinals. They received an invitation to the CBI, where they lost in the quarterfinals to Bellarmine.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Patriot League regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Patriot Tournament
Sources
References
Army Black Knights men's basketball seasons
Army
Army Black Knights men's basketball
Army Black Knights men's basketball
XLNT Foods (pronounced "excellent") is one of the oldest companies based in Southern California, and is the longest continuously operating brand of Mexican foods in the United States. They are known for their frozen prepared tamales and chili con carne. XLNT tamales were originally sold by tamaleros out of horse-drawn wagons.
History
XLNT Foods was founded in 1894 by Alejandro Morales as the XLNT Tamale Company. Their tamales became popular ethnic food in Los Angeles. XLNT had a factory in Boyle Heights and also sold tamales from horse-drawn carts and grocery stores. In 1908, Charles Crawford, of Canadian and Dutch descent, took over the ownership of the company. At the height of their operation the company produced 60 food products. The company was later acquired, in the 1960s, by Alex Foods that also produced tamales and flavored corn chips in Southern California.
In the mid-20th century, XLNT products were popular as convenience foods alongside TV dinners. In 2010, the company changed hands again and was bought by Santa Fe Importers. The company's food products were originally only available in Southern California; they are now shipped nationwide. The company is now based in Long Beach, California.
References
Mexican cuisine
Maize products
Companies based in California
Convenience food companies
Thurston Glacier is a glacier about long which drains the south-eastern slopes of Mount Siple on Siple Island. The glacier trends eastward and then east-north-eastward to reach the northern shore of the island. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and United States Navy aerial photography, 1959–65.
Discovery and naming
The glacier was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Thomas R. Thurston, a United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) meteorologist at Byrd Station in 1965.
Important Bird Area
A 293 ha site, comprising the marine area and fast ice that forms near the terminus of the glacier, has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a breeding colony of about 3,000 emperor penguins, estimated from 2009 satellite imagery.
References
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Penguin colonies
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Re Augustus Barnett & Son Ltd [1986] BCLC 170 is a UK insolvency law case on the standard of fault required to show that directors have been guilty of fraudulent trading.
Facts
Augustus Barnett & Sons Ltd (Barnett) was a subsidiary of Rumasa SA and the main retail UK retail store for wine and sherry export. Barnett had a deficiency of assets, and its auditors would not certify accounts on a going concern basis, unless Rumasa confirmed it would keep supporting the company. Rumasa did, saying with a 'letter of comfort' on June 1, 1982 that it would provide additional working capital. It had given £4m in subsidies by 1981.
Rumasa was nationalised by the Spanish government on February 23, 1983. Barnett's asset deficiency was now £4.5m. Auditors and lawyers advised that the directors of Barnett were at risk of personal liability for fraudulent trading (now s.213 Insolvency Act 1986; then s.332 Companies Act 1948) unless more money could pay off the debts. On September 2, 1983, Barnett went into voluntary liquidation. The liquidators applied for a declaration that Rumasa was a knowing party to fraudulent trading. Rumasa opposed and argued there was no reasonable cause of action, because it was never alleged that Barnett directors were dishonest or had any intention to defraud.
Judgment
Hoffmann J agreed with Rumasa's strike out application. The Companies Act 1948, s.332 said that in winding up if it appeared that,
Hoffmann J held that because this section required a finding of someone carrying on a company "with intent to defraud", it was only when that requirement was fulfilled that knowing parties could be similarly liable. The state of mind of the outsider was irrelevant. There could be an action in the tort of deceit, but not s.332. Because there was no allegation of fraud on Barnett directors, the parent could be no accessory.
In an obiter dictum, Hoffmann J also looked at one of the liquidator's arguments. This was that the Rumasa's letter of comfort, for financial support over the years, should make the parent liable for Barnett's debts. They said the state of law was inadequate on this subject, and it was a question of considerable public importance; but these interlocutory proceedings were not a good opportunity for a wider investigation. In any case the language of s.332 was plain.
See also
R v. Grantham [1984] QB 675
Notes
References
Case Comment, ‘Liability for fraudulent trading requires proof of fraudulent intent' [1986] Journal of Business Law 11, commenting that "while the parent-subsidiary relationship does not, as such, give rise to liability, cases may occur in which the parent, by its statements and conduct, is precluded from denying that it undertook such liability."
United Kingdom insolvency case law
High Court of Justice cases
1985 in case law
1985 in British law
Ana María Martínez de Nisser (December 6, 1812 – September 18, 1872) was a Colombian hero and writer. They participated in the Battle of Salamina on 5 May 1841 during the War of the Supremes. They later published a book about the events of 1840–41.
References
Tisnés, Roberto María (1983). María Martínez de Nisser y la revolución de los Supremos. Bogotá: Biblioteca Banco Popular.
Ir a ↑ Restrepo, José Manuel (1952). Historia de la Nueva Granada. Bogotá: Editorial Cromos.
External links
Jorge Orlando Melo, "A Mary to take up arms"
1812 births
1872 deaths
Colombian women writers
Colombian military personnel
Women in war in Colombia
19th-century Colombian people
Women in 19th-century warfare
19th-century Colombian women writers
Lieutenant Colonel John Thomas Eustace (March 9, 1825 – December 25, 1919) was an influential conservative member of the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope.
Early life, military and business
Born in 1825 at Grosvenor Place, London, they were the eldest son of Lieutenant General Sir William Cornwallis Eustace, and their wife Caroline Margaret, daughter of John King, M.P. of Aldenham House, Herts., In spite of their poor health, they joined the army after their studies, as much of their family had. After purchasing a commission in the 60th rifles, they commanded Turkish irregular cavalry in the Crimean War, served in the Middle East, and was appointed Lieutenant Colonel, before emigrating to the Cape Colony. Here, they briefly served as commanding officer of the Cape Town Rifles in 1858, and lieutenant colonel of the Cape Town Volunteers.
They were one of the Directors of the Cape Town Railway and Dock Company (an early predecessor of the Cape Government Railways) when it was formed in 1857.
They served as Vice President of the Chamber of Commerce, married Edith Kate Twentyman in 1860, settled in Wynberg, Cape Town, and had thirteen children. Like the rest of their family, their male children mostly pursued careers in the military. Their eldest daughter Emily Laura Alicia Eustace (1870-1941) married Henry George de Graeff van Polsbroek (1858-1941), styled Baron van Polsbroek.
Parliament (1869-74)
They served as one of the four members representing Cape Town in the Cape Parliament. Although Cape Town was a predominantly liberal constituency, Eustace themselves was a strong conservative. As such they supported stronger links with the British Empire, a greater roll-out of missionary work in Africa, and a military approach to the Cape Colony's frontier relations.
In this capacity they were prominent in fighting the rising movement for "responsible government" (local democracy and therefore greater independence from Britain).
This dispute reached its height in the 1869 with the suspension of the Cape constitution and Governor Wodehouse's attempt to assume a more direct rule of the colony. This suspension move put the "responsibles" on the defensive, and Eustace emerged as one of the leaders of the Conservatives in Parliament - at the height of their influence and power.
In the resulting election of November 1869, which the conservatives had hoped to win, Eustace was returned for Cape Town, but as last of that constituency's four seats, with the two liberals leading (In order, William Porter, Saul Solomon, Philip John Stigant, John Thomas Eustace).
Though Eustace had the support of many of the conservatives which they led in Parliament, the overwhelming majority in the Cape Colony opposed Wodehouse's move for more direct control and, at the end of the struggle, the Governor returned to London defeated. The Cape was then able to elect its first executive government and prime minister in 1872.
Another movement, allied to that of responsible government, was the Voluntaryism movement led by Saul Solomon, which argued for a complete separation between Church and State. As a proponent of stronger links between Church and State, Eustace also fought this movement but also, ultimately, unsuccessfully.
Diplomatic agent
Eustace lost most of their family fortune in a financial disaster, and in 1876 they entered the civil service.
For most of their later life, they served as magistrate or resident for several neighbouring territories surrounding the Cape Colony, serving effectively as a minor ambassador.
Gcaleka Xhosa agent (1876-79)
In November 1876 they assumed the duty of resident for the Gcaleka tribe of the Xhosa nation. At the time, a drought and famine was commencing, and conflict broke out between the Fengu people (Cape citizens) and the neighbouring Gcaleka people.
The Colonel withdrew with their staff to Ibeka, as the conflict escalated. Initially, the Gcaleka made it clear that they were only at war with the Fengu; however, as the Fengu were Cape citizens, escalation followed as the Cape Government was drawn in. On 26 September a Gcaleka force of several thousand crossed the border and attacked a Cape Colony police station which was manned predominantly by police of Fengu origin. The 9th Frontier War commenced. In the aftermath of the war, they briefly moved back to the region to work on resettling several of the affected tribes and drawing boundaries.
Great Namaqualand
From 1879, they served as magistrate at Springbokfontein, and a civil commissioner for the Great Namaqualand (modern Namibia), where they informed the Cape Government of the early movements of the future German colonizers. The Cape had a political institution, the Palgrave Commission charged with investigating a possible union between the Namaqualand and the Cape Colony. They were a strong proponent of British annexation of the Namaqualand. In December 1883, John X. Merriman MLA sent them on a secret mission to gather information on the German settlements.
Later life
For the last part of their life they served as the civil commissioner for Mossel Bay. They also published several of their writings in Cape Town. They authored a paper claiming the Baltinglass Viscountcy of Ireland for their family. They also wrote on "native relations".
They died in 1919. Their orbituary described them as: "strict in principle, courteous in demeanour and humble before God."
References
1825 births
1919 deaths
Cape Colony politicians
Members of the House of Assembly of the Cape Colony
The Murray River road bridge is a heritage-listed road bridge that carries Swan Hill Road across the Murray River, on the border between New South Wales and Victoria, Australia. The bridge connects Murray Downs in New South Wales with McCallum Street in Swan Hill, Victoria. The bridge was built in 1896 and is owned by Transport for NSW. The bridge is also called the Swan Hill Bridge and the Swan Hill-Murray River Road Bridge. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000.
History
Sir Thomas Mitchell, the Surveyor General named Swan Hill when they camped there in 1836 on the wide Murray Plain. Mitchell's head is today the crest of Swan Hill. This area was settled in the subsequent decade in very large stations: on the New South Wales side of the river, Murray Downs under Bell and Wilson covered and by the 1860s, under H. S. Officer, was carrying 6000 sheep. On the Victorian side, the principal runs were Tyntynder and Mercers Vale, established by the Beveridge family as cattle stations. Because of this pastoral development a punt was installed at Swan Hill as early as 1846. In 1853, when the first two steamers on the river, the Lady Augusta and Mary Ann raced up the river, both stopped at Swan Hill and the Campbell family mounted a ball for the passengers and crew while their wool-clip was loaded. Swan Hill developed wharfage and in the 1860s had two hotels and three stores but only eleven houses. The town continued to develop as a crucial centre for the river trade, overlanding and interstate commerce, with hotels on both sides of the river adjacent to the punt.
The Victorian railway reached Swan Hill in 1889 and the need for a bridge was more and more recognised. A lift span bridge, allowing the passage of the river-boats, which were still numerous in this area, was planned in 1895 and opened in 1896. The bridge is still in use: Swan Hill, with good road, rail and water links, reached a population of 4,000 by 1948, remains the focus of a large area of diversified farming and attracts many tourists to its open-air museum.
Description
Swan Hill Bridge is a timber truss, steel lift span bridge across the Murray River at Swan Hill. The main axis of the bridge is east - west. There are three main spans including one lift span supported on cast iron cylindrical piers. On the northern side there are three approach spans, and on the southern side there is one.
The two main truss spans are Allan trusses, with timber cross girders. The main stringers have been replaced with steel I-sections. The deck is timber. The lift span superstructure is constructed with riveted lattice steel. The lifting layout was also developed by Percy Allan. The deck of the lift span is also timber, and traffic is restricted to one lane across the lift span. The approach spans of timber girders supporting a timber deck. Piers are timber trestles, including the junctions with the main spans.
There is a footway added on the upstream side, using steel beams. this has resulted in modification of the top chord stabilising angles to the Allan trusses.
Condition
As at 23 June 2005, the bridge is described as being in fair condition as it has had major rehabilitation in recent years. One truss span was repaired in May 1998.
Transport for NSW issued a community update entitled "Planning for a future Murray River crossing at Swan Hill in September 2020.
A new bridge is now under construction about 110 metres south (upstream) of the existing Swan Hill Bridge. The bridge is about 192 metres long and has two traffic lanes, one in each direction. There is a shared pedestrian and cyclist path. There are three sets of piers within the Murray River and a lift span over the navigation channel to provide access under the bridge for large river craft.
Heritage listing
As at 23 June 2005, Swan Hill Bridge is significant under all four criteria - historical, aesthetic, technical, and social. The significance of the bridge lies in its form, setting and materials. The presence of the lift span is important. The appropriate level of significance in NSW is State and likely of national significance. The form and setting have high aesthetic and social significance. The superstructure construction - Allan timber trusses and Allan lift span have very high significance in the detail and materials. The bridge is the original of its type, and extremely rare (there is one other example at Tooleybuc).
Swan Hill-Murray River Road Bridge was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The Swan Hill Bridge is historically very significant. It is hard to differentiate between historical and technical significance in this instance as they are closely intertwined. This bridge has great importance for its association with Percy Allan, who is respected as the outstanding bridge engineer in NSW. In their 46 years in the Public Service they designed over 550 bridges, including several outstanding structures. Swan Hill Bridge was one of their major works, and a significant advancement in technology. They were extremely proud of this bridge and prepared a technical paper on it. The bridge demonstrates a major step in the evolving pattern of our moveable bridge history.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The Swan Hill Bridge has aesthetic significance due to its outstanding setting and landmark qualities. The bridge provides a gateway to NSW from the major urban area of Swan Hill. It is a focus of the town to the river, which it dominates by its size and mass. The setting within the town of a lift bridge is rare, being only duplicated (with RTA bridges) at Tooleybuc.
The place has strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
The Swan Hill Bridge has high significance in the Swan Hill / Wakool District as the main urban link across the river and the focus of movements across the river, controlling access of people and commerce. The river is the centre of social and recreational region, and the Swan Hill Bridge is the centre of this area. It is considered an important element in the region by the local people, although there is concern at its perceived traffic inadequacies.
Engineering heritage award
The bridge received a Historic Engineering Marker from Engineers Australia as part of its Engineering Heritage Recognition Program.
See also
List of crossings of the Murray River
List of bridges in Australia
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Mallee (Victoria)
Road bridges in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Crossings of the Murray River
1896 establishments in Australia
Bridges completed in 1896
Borders of New South Wales
Borders of Victoria (Australia)
Road bridges in Victoria (Australia)
Truss bridges in Australia
Swan Hill
Murray River Council
Allan truss bridges
Wooden bridges in Australia
Swan Hill
Bridges designed by Percy Allan
Swan Hill
Recipients of Engineers Australia engineering heritage markers
Victorian Heritage Register
Victorian Heritage Register Loddon Mallee (region)
Rural City of Swan Hill
The Clyde Hotel is a historic hotel located in the downtown area of Portland, Oregon, United States. It was renamed to Ben Stark Hotel in 1987, then became the Ace Hotel Portland in 2005.
National Register
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
See also
Architecture in Portland, Oregon
Clyde Common
References
External links
Clyde Hotel on PDXhistory.com
Ace Hotel Portland website
1912 establishments in Oregon
Hotel buildings completed in 1912
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Portland, Oregon
Southwest Portland, Oregon
Portland Historic Landmarks
General elections were held in Nepal from 18 February to 3 April 1959 to elect the 109 members of the first House of Representatives, the lower house of the Parliament of Nepal. They were held under the provisions of the 1959 constitution, which had been adopted on 12 February. More than 4.25 million people out of an overall population of about 8.55 million (1954) were eligible to vote. Voter turnout was 42.18%.
The result was a victory for the Nepali Congress, winning 74 of the 109 seats with 38% of the vote. B. P. Koirala became the first democratically elected and 22nd Prime Minister of Nepal.
Campaign
786 candidates competed for 109 seats in the House of Representatives; 268 ran as independents, with the others representing nine parties. The Nepali Congress contested 108 constituencies, the Gorkha Parishad contested in 86 seats and the Communist Party of Nepal contested 47 seats.
The CIA covertly assisted Koirala and the Nepali Congress in winning the election.
Results
Only four parties secured the designation of 'National party' in accordance with the Election Act of Nepal 1959. The party presidents of eight of the nine parties failed to win a seat, with Nepali Congress Bishweshwar Prasad Koirala the only party president to be elected, winning in constituency No. 32 (Morang South Biratnagar West). Nepali Congress leader Subarna Shamsher Rana contested three constituencies (No. 52 (Bara Parsa, Central North), constituency No. 53 (Bara, East Parsa) and constituency No. 91 (Gulmi, South-West)) and won them all. Another Nepal Congress leader Surya Prasad Upadhyaya contested two constituencies (constituency No. 5 (Kathmandu Valley) and constituency No. 14 (Ramechhap, South)) but was defeated in both.
Gorkha Parishad president Randhir Subba was defeated in constituency No. 26 Dhankuta. Tarai Congress president Vedananda Jha lost in constituency No. 39 Siraha. Communist Party of Nepal General Secretary Keshar Jung Rayamajhi was defeated in Palpa Constituency No. 93. Democratic General Assembly president Ranganath Sharma was also defeated in Kathmandu Constituency No. 5. Dilliraman Regmi of the Nepali Rastriya Congress and Bhadrakali Mishra of Nepal Praja Parishad (Mishra) were also defeated. Tanka Prasad Acharya was defeated in from Kathmandu Constituency No. 5.
Aftermath
The speaker of the first House of Representatives was Krishna Prasad Bhattarai from Nepali Congress. The term of the parliament started from 27 May 1959 and it was dissolved on 15 December 1960.
See also
List of MPs elected in the 1959 Nepalese general election
References
External links
Rama Devi Pant: First General Elections in Nepal-I Recent Political Trends, - "The Economic Weekly", 21.Feb.1959, p.285-290
Rama Devi Pant: First General Elections in Nepal-II, - "The Economic Weekly", 4.Apr.1959, p.483-485
Nepal
1959 elections in Nepal
General
General elections in Nepal
Nepal
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Frezza is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alberto Frezza (born 1989), Italian–American actor
Fortunato Frezza (born 1942), Italian Roman Catholic priest
Giammarco Frezza (born 1975), Italian footballer
Giovanni Frezza (born 1972), Italian actor
Giovanni Girolamo Frezza (1659–1730), Italian engraver
Orazio Frezza (fl. 17th c.), Italian Baroque painter
Italian-language surnames
Timiryazev (, ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Timiryazevo. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
Prince David Bagrationi Mukhrani (Mukran-Batoni [მუხრანბატონი]) of Georgia, David Bagration de Moukhrani y Zornoza, or Davit Bagrationi-Mukhraneli (; born 24 June 1976), is the Head of the Princely House of Mukhrani, a branch of the Georgian Bagrationi dynasty and claims by primogeniture to be the head of the Royal House of Bagrationi, which reigned in Georgia from the medieval era until the early 19th century.
Their family is related to the House of Borbón, the House of Wittelsbach, the House of Habsburg-Lorraine, and the House of Romanov. Prince Davit succeeded their father Prince Giorgi (Jorge) Bagration Mukhrani as claimant to the Georgian throne upon their death on 16 January 2008.
Prince Davit returned their family to Georgia in 2003, ending decades of exile resulting from the 1921 Red Army invasion of Georgia. They married Princess Ana Bagration-Gruzinsky, a member of the genealogically junior Gruzinsky branch of the Bagrationi, in 2009, divorcing in 2013. Their son Prince Giorgi, born in Georgia in 2011, is the heir apparent to the throne.
Early life
Bagrationi was born to the Georgian émigré family as the second son of Spanish race car driver, Prince George Bagrationi-Mukhraneli, by their first wife María de las Mercedes Zornoza y Ponce de León (1942–2020) in Madrid, Spain. They have an older sister, Maria-Antonietta, and brother, Irakly, and a younger half-brother, Gourami (Ugo). Bagrationi is also a cousin of Grand Duchess Maria Vladimirovna of Russia, head of the Russian Imperial House, as their mother was born Princess Leonida Bagration-Mukhraneli.
Dynastic activities
Bagrationi settled permanently in Georgia's capital of Tbilisi in 2003 and obtained dual citizenship from Georgia in 2004. They have also been an altar server to Ilia II, Catholicos-Patriarch of All Georgia.
In January 2008, Bagrationi announced their father's death, declaring themselves to be their father's successor as the patrilineal head of the Georgian royal family while their elder brother, Irakly, continued to reside in Spain. As such their supporters recognize them as Royal Prince of Kartli and Hereditary Prince of the sovereign principality (satavado) of Mukhrani. Bagrationi's paternal grandfather, Prince Irakly Bagration-Mukhransky, had claimed headship of the Bagrationi dynasty in 1957 and, as such, the additional designations of Prince and Head of the Royal House of Georgia, of Kartalia, and of Mukhrani, Duke of the Lasos, Sovereign Head and Grand Master of the Order of the Eagle of Georgia and of the Order of the Queen-Saint Tamara, styles which their grandson also claims. As the Mukhrani line are related by marriage to the Spanish Royal family, Bagrationi was among the guests invited to King Felipe VI's 2014 enthronement as king.
During the Russia–Georgia war over South Ossetia in August 2008, Bagrationi accompanied Georgian soldiers to the front-line to render moral support. They commented afterwards that they regretted Georgia "had to pay such a high price to show the world the true face of Russia," and issued a message to the Georgian nation. Bagrationi believes that restoration of monarchy in Georgia is not an option at this time because of ongoing Russian occupation of parts of the country; and it is up to the people of Georgia to decide when the monarchy should be restored.
During their second royal visit to the United Kingdom, on 8 March 2017, Prince David was received at Kensington Palace where they presented the insignia of the Grand Collar of the Order of the Eagle of Georgia to Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester and their wife Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester on behalf of Queen Elizabeth II. On 16 December 2018 Prince David was invited to the inauguration of Georgia's first female President, Salome Zourabichvili, Prince David has been involved in numerous Georgian cultural and other broadly humanitarian charities, including one of the largest fundraisers in GoFundMe history, when the joined arms with massively popular Instagram influencer Tommy Marcus (aka meme activist Qarantino) and UNWTO ambassador Shiv Shanker Nair\ raised $7 million to rescue some 2000 death marked Afghan reformers from the Taliban. Prince David was the "First Godfather" at the marriage the last Russian "Tsar's Heir, Grand Duke George of Russia to Victoria Bettarini. David's grandfather and George's grandmother were siblings. The October 1, 2021 religious ceremony was widely covered by the international media and was attended by many European royal families and other notables.
Marriage and divorce
Prince David Bagration of Mukhrani married Princess Ana Bagration-Gruzinsky on 8 February 2009 at the Tbilisi Sameba Cathedral. This marriage had come to fruition with the support and blessing by the pro-monarchist Catholicos Patriarch of the Georgian Orthodox Church, Ilia II, and was officiated by two Bishops Metropolitan, Theodore and Gerasimos. This marriage united the two branches of the Georgian former royal family with competing claims to the rights to the throne of Georgia – those of Gruzinsky and of Mukhrani – and drew a crowd of 3,000 spectators, officials, and foreign diplomats, as well as extensive coverage by the Georgian media.
The dynastic significance of the wedding lay in the fact that, amid the turmoil in political partisanship that has roiled Georgia since its independence in 1991, Patriarch Ilia II of Georgia publicly called for restoration of the monarchy as a path toward national unity in October 2007. Without naming any preferred claimant, prior to Prince David and Princess Ana's wedding, Patriarch Ilia II had emphasized the need to prepare the populace for restoration of the monarchy, "and elect a Bagration, to be educated from childhood" to take the crown. Although this led some politicians and parties to entertain the notion of a Georgian constitutional monarchy, competition arose among the old dynasty's princes and supporters, as historians and jurists debated which Bagrationi has the strongest hereditary right to a throne that has been vacant since the 1800s. Although some Georgian monarchists support the Gruzinsky branch's claim, others support that of the repatriated Mukhrani branch. Both branches descend in unbroken, legitimate male line from the medieval kings of Georgia down to King Constantine II of Georgia who died in 1505.
Whereas the Bagration-Mukhrani (Bagrationi-Mukhraneli) was a cadet branch of the former Royal House of Kartli, it became the genealogically senior line of the Bagrationi dynasty in the early 20th century: yet the elder branch had lost the kingship of Kartli by 1724.
Meanwhile, the Bagration-Gruzinsky line, although junior to the Mukhrani genealogically, reigned over the kingdom of Kakheti, re-united the two eastern Georgian realms in the kingdom of Kartli-Kakheti in 1762, and did not lose sovereignty until Russian annexation in 1801.
Bagrationi is the only member of their branch who retains Georgian citizenship and residence since the death of their father in 2008. Aside from their unmarried elder brother, they are senior in male-line descent of the Bagration family, while Ana's father, Prince Nugzar Bagration-Gruzinsky, is the only remaining prince who descends in male line George XII, the last king to reign over the united Kartli and Kakheti kingdom. The marriage between Nugzar Gruzinsky's heiress and the Mukhrani heir potentially resolves their rivalry for the claim to the throne, which had divided Georgian monarchists:
There had been reports of marital discord since April 2009. In December 2009, in a Georgian version of The Moment of Truth on Imedi TV the Georgian actor Shorena Begashvili admitted to having an affair with Bagrationi. Georgian Interior Minister Vano Merabishvili alleged in an interview published by Russian newspaper Kommersant on 7 April 2010 that their marital union had been arranged with the primary purpose of promoting the restoration of the Georgian monarchy under the Bagrationi. Therefore, according to Merabishvili, Anna Bagration-Gruzinsky was forced to divorce their first husband, Grigol Malania, in order to allow them to wed Bagrationi. At that time Merabishvili claimed that the Bagrationi couple were no longer married. However it was rumoured by the Georgian press that the couple had reconciled and was expecting their first child.
The couple is said to have retaken their marital vows in a civil ceremony on 12 November 2010 in Madrid.
The couple's only child, a son, Giorgi, was born in Madrid on 27 September 2011 and baptized by Patriarch Ilia II at the Svetitskhoveli Cathedral in Mtskheta on 3 November 2013.
On 15 December 2013, the official statement from Bagrationi posted on the website "Royal House of Georgia" confirmed their divorce from Anna. Giorgi remains the only son of either spouse, and the only son and grandson, respectively, of the rival Bagrationi pretenders, Prince David and Prince Nugzar.
In 2020, they married Irina Begashvili.
Ancestors
Honours
Spain (military, Civil Guard): Medal of the Centennial of the Virgen del Pilar - Medalla del Centenario de la Virgen del Pilar
United States (Veterans and Hereditary Association): Military Order of Foreign Wars
United Kingdom (Charitable Order): Grand Companion, Badge of Mercy, League of Mercy
Dynastic Orders of Knighthood
Bagrationi Dynasty (Royal House of Georgia): Grand Master Grand Collar of the Order of the Eagle of Georgia
Bagrationi Dynasty (Royal House of Georgia): Grand Master Senator of the Grand Badge Order of Queen Tamar
Bagrationi Dynasty (Royal House of Georgia): Grand Master Order of the Crown of Georgia
Royal House of Portugal: Grand Cross of the Order of the Immaculate Conception of Vila Viçosa
House of Petrovic-Njegos, Montenegro: Grand Cross of the Order of Prince Danilo I
Royal House of Sulu: Grand Cordon of the Royal and Hashemite Order of the Pearl
See also
Monarchism of Georgia
Georgian monarchs family tree of Bagrationi dynasty
References
Notes
A.It has never been clarified if Queen Elizabeth II accepted this as an honour for herself.
External links
Royal House of Bagration of Georgia
Heraldry of the Royal House of Bagration-Mouchraneli
Монархом Грузии может стать Князь Давид Георгиевич Багратион-Мухранский. Russkaya Liniya. 29 February 2008.
|-
|-
|-
1976 births
Living people
House of Mukhrani
Spanish people of Georgian descent
Pretenders to the Georgian throne
Recipients of the Order of Saint Lazarus (statuted 1910)
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Immaculate Conception of Vila Viçosa
North of South: An African Journey is a travel book by Shiva Naipaul, originally published by Penguin Books in 1978, and republished as a Penguin Classic in 1997. The book concerns Naipaul's travels in Kenya, Tanzania and Zambia. Naipaul was particularly interested in the Asian populations of these countries. The "South" in the title refers to South Africa.
External links
North of South: An African Journey preview from Google Books
African travel books
British travel books
English non-fiction books
Puthenveedu is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. Sukumaran Nair. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Jayabharathi and T. R. Omana in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Jayabharathi
T. R. Omana
T. S. Muthaiah
Adoor Bhavani
Bahadoor
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
S. P. Pillai
Veeran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
FMG may refer to:
Schools
Father Michael Goetz Secondary School, in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
Companies
Flughafen München GmbH, operator of Munich Airport
Fortescue Metals Group, an Australian mining company
FMG Insurance, a mutual insurance company in New Zealand
Forum Media Group, a German publisher
Fushun Mining Group, a Chinese mining and shale oil extraction company
FMG Network, Radio, TV & Podcast Network, Est. 2004
Politics and organisations
Federación de Mocedades Galeguistas, the Galicianist Youth Federation, a defunct Galician nationalist group in Spain
Film Music Guild, an American student organization
Places
Flemington railway station, in Sydney, Australia
Fort Morgan station, in Colorado, United States
Mainz-Gustavsburg station, in Germany
Other
Female muscle growth
Ferromagnetic generator
Foldable machine gun
Foreign medical graduate
Freddie M. Garcia (born 1944), Filipino business person
Ascension Via Christi Hospital in Pittsburg (formerly known as Mt. Carmel Regional Medical Center) is a 188-bed hospital located in Pittsburg, Kansas and operated by Ascension Via Christi Health.
History of Name Changes
Mt. Carmel Hospital
Mt. Carmel Hospital was founded in 1903 by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Wichita, Kansas under the direction of Mother Mary Bernard Sheridan, incidentally the same year as the founding of Pittsburg State University. The hospital's original mission was to serve miners and their families with its first 20-bed facility located between Pittsburg, Kansas and Frontenac, Kansas. After expansion in the 1960s, further growth was impeded by under-mining on the then-current hospital site. A community fundraising drive was initiated, and in 1971, the new five-floor, 188-bed facility at Rouse and Centennial was occupied.
Mt. Carmel Medical Center
In 1995 the first major expansion of the Mt. Carmel Medical Center building came in the form of the Mt. Carmel Regional Cancer Center, a facility that has since been designated as a Community Cancer Center by the National Cancer Institute, the only cancer center in the region to receive the designation.
In that same year the hospital became a part of the newly formed Via Christi Health System as the healing ministries of its sponsoring organization, the Sisters of St. Joseph of Wichita, Kansas and the Sisters of the Sorrowful Mother, also of Wichita, joined forces.
Mt. Carmel Regional Medical Center
The name of the hospital was changed to Mt. Carmel Regional Medical Center (MCRMC) in 2001 to reflect the facility's increasing presence as a regional health provider.
Via Christi Hospital: Pittsburg
In October 2009 Via Christi Health Systems, Mt. Carmel's parent company, announced it would be re-branding MCRMC as Via Christi beginning in 2010, while preserving the historic Mt. Carmel name with a new street address of 1 Mt. Carmel Way for the hospital facility. The signage change was completed March 22 and 23, 2010, while the official name change ceremony took place March 26, 2010. At that time, Via Christi Health Systems also began a US$7.1 million renovation of the main entrance, cafeteria, gift shop, and cancer and heart centers at its Pittsburg, KS facility.
Modern expansion and growth
2003 marked the biggest expansion of Mt. Carmel to date, bringing a new Regional Heart Center, Outpatient Surgery Center, Emergency Department, expanded Diagnostic Imaging and Women's Center, along with state-of-the-art MRI machines, and enlarged laboratory, pharmacy, and occupational health service.
In March 2010, Via Christi Health Systems began a US$7.1 million renovation project to update the main entrance, gift shop, and cafeteria, along with adding much needed state-of-the-art equipment to the hospital's cancer and heart centers.
Hospital rating data
The HealthGrades website contains the clinical quality data for Via Cristi Hospital (Pittsburg), as of 2017. For this rating section three different types of data from HealthGrades are presented: clinical quality ratings for fourteen inpatient conditions and procedures, thirteen patient safety indicators and the percentage of patients giving the hospital as a 9 or 10 (the two highest possible ratings).
For inpatient conditions and procedures, there are three possible ratings: worse than expected, as expected, better than expected. For this hospital the data for this category is:
Worse than expected - 5
As expected - 9
Better than expected - 0
For patient safety indicators, there are the same three possible ratings. For this hospital safety indicators were rated as:
Worse than expected - 0
As expected - 10
Better than expected - 3
Percentage of patients rating this hospital as a 9 or 10 - 71%
Percentage of patients who on average rank hospitals as a 9 or 10 - 73%
References
External links
Hospital buildings completed in 1903
Hospital buildings completed in 1971
Hospitals in Kansas
Buildings and structures in Pittsburg, Kansas
Trauma centers
Erik Jørgensen may refer to:
Erik Jørgensen (gunsmith) (1848–1896), Norwegian gunsmith
Erik Jørgensen (brand), Danish furniture company
Erik B. Jørgensen, Danish author and adventurer
Erik Jørgensen (athlete) (1920-2005), Danish middle-distance runner
Erik Jorgensen (politician), State Representative from Portland, Maine
Erik M. Jorgensen, American biologist
Jorgensen, Erik
is a passenger railway station in the city of Anan, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M09".
Lines
Hanoura Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 17.7 km from the beginning of the line at . Besides the local trains on the Mugi Line, some trains of the Muroto limited express service between and and the Home Express Anan from to stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks. The station building houses a waiting room and a JR ticket window (without a Midori no Madoguchi facility). Access to the island platform is by means of a level crossing and ramp. A passing loop and siding branch off track 2.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Hanoura Station was opened on 15 December 1916 along a stretch of track laid down by the privately run from Chūden to Hanoura and Furushō. On 27 March 1936, Japanese Government Railways (JGR) built the first stretch of the Mugi Line linking up Hanoura with . On 1 July 1936, the Anan Railway was nationalized and the track from Chūden to Hanoura became part of the Mugi Line. The track to Furushō became a branch line. Passenger services were stopped and it was used for freight only. Freight operations stopped on 1 Jul 1943, restarted on 10 May 1950 and finally ceased altogether on 1 April 1961. Thereafter the branch line track was removed.
On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of Hanoura Station.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 1036 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Anan City Hall Hanoura Branch
Anan City Hanoura Library
Anan City Hanoura Public Hall
Anan City Hanoura Elementary School
Anan City Hanoura Junior High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1916
Anan, Tokushima
Eastham (previously South Bromborough and Eastham, 1973 to 1979) is a Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council ward in the Wirral South Parliamentary constituency.
Councillors
References
Wards of Merseyside
Politics of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral
Wards of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral
Entesa per Mallorca (, ExM), or Entesa, was a nationalist and progressist political party in Majorca. It was founded in 2006 by former members of the Socialist Party of Majorca (PSM) who disagreed with the creation of the coalition Bloc for Majorca. In October 2006, ExM held its first congress, with the main objective of participating in the 2007 local elections in Majorca.
In 2009, ExM joined Republican Left (ERC) in the Balearic Islands to participate in the 2009 European election, within the coalition Europe of the Peoples–Greens.
Between 2011 and 2013, it was part of a coalition with the PSM and IniciativaVerds (IV), taking part in the 2011 regional election. In 2013, the party merged into the PSM to form the new coalition PSM–Entesa.
Electoral performance
Parliament of the Balearic Islands
* Within Socialist Party of Majorca–Initiative Greens–Agreement.
Cortes Generales
Balearic Islands
* Within Unity for the Isles.
** Within PSM–Initiative Greens–Agreement–Equo.
European Parliament
* Within Europe of the Peoples–Greens.
** In coalition with Republican Left.
References
Political parties in the Balearic Islands
Socialist parties in Spain
Political parties established in 2006
2006 establishments in Spain
Political parties disestablished in 2013
2013 disestablishments in Spain
Left-wing nationalist parties
Down til Dawn is the debut studio album by Polytechnic, released on April 30, 2007 in the UK. A US release date has not been announced. Much of the songs are re-recorded from previously released EPs and singles, including "Won't You Come Around?," "Pep," "Man Overboard," "Cold Hearted Business" and "Running Out Of Ideas."
Track listing
"Bible Stories" - 4:01
"Won't You Come Around?" - 3:21
"Man Overboard" - 4:17
"Rain Check" - 4:23
"Cold Hearted Business" - 3:56
"Still Spinning" - 5:12
"Pep" - 2:46
"Quay Street" - 4:08
"Hoof" - 4:42
"Polling Card" - 3:23
"Running Out Of Ideas" - 6:43
References
2007 albums
Tom Moody (November 26, 1929 – October 30, 2008) was the 49th mayor of Columbus, Ohio. A Republican, they served from 1972 to 1984. During their time in office, the Columbus Public School District was desegregated and the city's freeway system underwent significant expansion. The downtown skyline also grew during Moody's time in office. The city saw development of the Huntington Center, One Nationwide Plaza and the AEP Building. During their term, they were involved in a late night vehicle crash. Responding to suspicion that they were driving under the influence, Moody stated "I'm inspecting the city". Tom Moody died at the age of 78, on October 30, 2008 of natural causes, at Riverside Hospital.
References
Further reading
External links
Tom Moody at Political Graveyard
Mayors of Columbus, Ohio
1930 births
2008 deaths
Ohio Republicans
Columbus City Council members
Capital University Law School alumni
Franklin University alumni
Ohio State University alumni
20th-century American politicians
Sunny Suwanmethanont (, born May 18, 1981) is a Thai actor and model.  They are best known for their leading role as Khaiyoi in the 2005 film Dear Dakanda, for which they won the Best Actor award at Kom Chad Luek Awards.  They are also best known for their roles in I Fine..Thank You..Love You (2014), Heart Attack (2015), Brother of the Year (2018) and Happy Old Year (2019).
Early life and education
Born in Thailand, to a Thai Singaporean father and a French mother. They have one older brother and one older sister. Suwanmethanont attended Surasakmontree School in Bangkok from standard 1 until 6 and graduated from Assumption University, majoring in Communication Arts. They also are an atheist.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
Advertisement
Est Cola
TCB Tuna
Chang Beer
KTC I-Cash
AIS Mobile Life
Hanami Snack
Colgate
Yamaha Fino
Sansiri Townhouse
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Former Roman Catholics
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Sunny Suwanmethanont
Abu al-Fadl Muhammad al Tabasi (died 1089) was a Shafi‘i Muslim and Sufi author, who lived most of their life in Nishapur. Although many works are associated with him, their al-Shamil fi al-bahr al-kamil (The Comprehensive Compendium to the Entire Sea), a treatise about conjuring devils and jinn, seems to be most disseminated. Distinguishing between licit and illicit magic, they activate the spells by invoking the names of angels, prophets and cites Islamic sacred scriptures such as the Torah, the Gospel and certain Quranic verses, regarding such occult practises as in accordance with Islamic law, as long it is performed by virtues and not by sin. They were famous for their alleged own ability to subjugate jinn, as reported by encyclopedist and scholar of natural scientist Zakariya al-Qazwini.
References
1089 deaths
Tabasi
Shafi'i fiqh scholars
Sufi writers
Snowfall: The Tony Bennett Christmas Album is a 1968 studio album by Tony Bennett, their first Christmas album. It was arranged and conducted by Robert Farnon.
Even though they had been friends since the early 1950s, Bennett and Farnon had not recorded together before, Bennett having such reverence for Farnon's work that they felt they "wasn't ready...(and) not developed enough as an artist to record with him". Farnon, who normally recorded in London, came to New York City for one of the two sessions that produced this album. Six tracks were recorded at Columbia's recording studios in New York City, and four in London.
In Bennett's autobiography, they recall that the New York session was attended by such notable American arrangers as Don Costa, Marion Evans and Torrie Zito, all curious to see how Farnon worked. Quincy Jones subsequently threw a party for Farnon in New York City, and at the party there were so many famous musicians that Jones joked, "If a bomb goes off in this apartment, there won't be any more records made!"
The album was reissued on CD in 1994, with new cover art and a bonus track, "I'll Be Home for Christmas", recorded during a live appearance by Bennett on The Jon Stewart Show. It was reissued once more in 2007, again with different cover art and including a bonus DVD containing excerpts from Bennett's 1992 television special Tony Bennett: A Family Christmas.
Bennett later recorded two additional Christmas albums, Hallmark presents Christmas with Tony Bennett and the London Symphony Orchestra (2002) and A Swingin' Christmas (Featuring The Count Basie Big Band) (2008).
Track listing
Personnel
Tony Bennett – vocal
Robert Farnon – arrangement, conducting
Jack Gold – producer
Charts
Certifications
References
1968 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by American artists
Tony Bennett albums
Albums arranged by Robert Farnon
Columbia Records Christmas albums
Albums recorded at CBS 30th Street Studio
Albums conducted by Robert Farnon
The Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system.
Legend
TF — Won by Fall
SP — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser with points
SO — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser without points
ST — Won by Technical Superiority, 15 points difference
PP — Won by Points, the loser with technical points
PO — Won by Points, the loser without technical points
P0 — Won by Passivity, scoring zero points
P1 — Won by Passivity, while leading by 1-11 points
PS — Won by Passivity, while leading by 12-14 points
PA — Won by Opponent Injury
DQ — Won by Forfeit
DNA — Did not appear
L — Losses
ER — Round of Elimination
CP — Classification Points
TP — Technical Points
Eliminatory round
Group A
Group B
Final round
Final standings
References
External links
Official Report
Greco-Roman 52kg
The Invisible Woman is a 2013 British biographical drama film directed by Ralph Fiennes and starring Fiennes, Felicity Jones, Kristin Scott Thomas and Tom Hollander. Written by Abi Morgan, and based on the book of the same name by Claire Tomalin, the film is about the secret love affair between Charles Dickens and Nelly Ternan, which lasted for thirteen years until their death in 1870. The film premiered at the Telluride Film Festival on 31 August 2013, and was released in the United Kingdom on 7 February 2014. The film received a Best Costume Design nomination (Michael O'Connor) at the 86th Academy Awards.
Plot
In 1857, eighteen-year-old English actor Ellen "Nelly" Ternan (Felicity Jones) is noticed by the forty-five-year-old Charles Dickens (Ralph Fiennes) while they are performing at London's Haymarket Theatre. Soon after, they cast her, along with their mother (Kristin Scott Thomas) and sister Maria (Perdita Weeks), in a performance of The Frozen Deep by Wilkie Collins at Dickens' Free Trade Hall in Manchester. At a party following the performance, the famous author and the actor share a brief moment alone.
Sometime later, Nelly and their family attend one of Dickens' readings at the Harrow Speech Room in London. Afterwards, Dickens is delighted to see Nelly again. Soon after, Dickens takes the Ternan family to Doncaster Racecourse and begins to spend more time with them. Having become disillusioned with their wife, who does not share their energy and passion for literature and ideas, Dickens cherishes their time with the young actor who shares their interests and passions. Nelly, in turn, loves spending time with the famous novelist.
Early one morning, Dickens walks from Gads Hill Place, their country home, to East London to see Nelly perform in a play. Them mother invites them back to their cottage. Noticing the shared looks between Dickens and their daughter, Mrs. Ternan later cautions them that they cannot afford to put their daughter's reputation at risk. Dickens assures them that they have no intention of compromising their good name. After organising a reading and fundraiser to benefit London's "fallen women" and their children, Dickens invites the Ternan family to their town house, where Nelly examines with fascination the author's books, manuscripts, and writing instruments. When they are alone, they share details and secrets about their lives and upbringings, and they grow closer.
Later, Mrs. Ternan confides to their eldest daughter Fanny their feelings about the growing bond between Nelly and Dickens, how their relationship may offer Nelly the kind of stable future they would not find in the theatre, knowing that Nelly is not as talented as their sisters. Overhearing the conversation, Nelly is angered and confused by their mother's plans for them to become the mistress of a married man. Soon after, Dickens' wife Catherine (Joanna Scanlan) visits Nelly at their home to deliver a jeweled bracelet birthday gift from their husband, which had been delivered to them by mistake. Catherine is civil, but Nelly's conscience is disturbed.
After the birthday party, Dickens and Collins arrive and take them to the house that Collins shares with their mistress Caroline Graves (Michelle Fairley) and their daughter. There, Nelly sees the kind of arrangement Dickens may have in mind for them Later, in the carriage outside their cottage, they confront Dickens about the suggested arrangement and of being their whore. After apologising and confessing that they no longer loves their wife, Dickens accompanies Nelly inside and comforts them Soon after, Dickens announces in The Times their "amicable" separation from their wife while boldly denying the rumours of an affair with Nelly. Dickens' wife and children are devastated by the news.
In the coming days, Nelly's mother assures them that they are an honourable man, while Collins reminds them that they are a great man and urges them to break from old conventions. When they visit Dickens at their home, they assure them that they have broken with the past and shows them the manuscript of a new novel that he's just completed, Great Expectations. After reading it, Nelly expresses their approval of the ending which does not bring Estella and Pip together. Dickens reads to them from the novel as if speaking directly to her:
Dickens and Nelly become lovers, and they find happiness as their mistress and companion. They spend time in France and they become pregnant, but the child dies during birth. After saving a lock of the child's hair, Dickens signs the death certificate "M. Charles Tringham". After returning to England from France in the spring of 1865, Dickens and Nelly board a train at Folkestone headed for London. Near Staplehurst in Kent, the train derails killing ten passengers. Dickens goes to Nelly, who has been thrown from the carriage, and then with their encouragement, pretends that they were travelling alone, to avoid the scandal of it being known they were travelling together. Dickens leaves Nelly in the care of others to tend to the injured and dying along the train. Nelly observes them retrieve a manuscript page of an episode of Our Mutual Friend on which they had been working.
In the coming years, Nelly remains their secret mistress until their death in 1870. In 1876, they marry Oxford graduate George Wharton-Robinson, twelve years their junior. The couple have a son and run a boys' school at Margate. While knowing that they knew Charles Dickens as a child, George does not suspect that they were their mistress. Only the Reverend Benham knows their secret. As they watch their son perform in a school play, they remember the epilogue lines they spoke on stage in The Frozen Deep for Dickens:
Cast
Ralph Fiennes as Charles Dickens
Felicity Jones as Nelly Ternan
Kristin Scott Thomas as Mrs. Ternan
Tom Hollander as Wilkie Collins
Joanna Scanlan as Catherine Dickens
Michelle Fairley as Caroline Graves
Jonathan Harden as Mr. Arnott
Tom Burke as Mr. George Wharton Robinson
Perdita Weeks as Maria Ternan
Michael Marcus as Charley Dickens
John Kavanagh as Reverend Benham
Amanda Hale as Fanny Ternan
Production
Headline Pictures' Stewart Mackinnon first acquired the film rights to Claire Tomalin's biography and commissioned Abi Morgan to write the screenplay with development funding from BBC Films and the British Film Institute. The screenplay was written and Mackinnon then approached a number of co-producers and directors before contracting Gabrielle Tana, who had worked with Fiennes on Coriolanus, their directorial debut. They proposed the project to Fiennes in 2010, after they finished Coriolanus. Headline then contracted Fiennes and Tana. Fiennes' participation as director was announced in July 2011. They did not know much about Dickens before taking on the project: "I was ignorant. I had only read Little Dorrit. I knew their obvious ones—Nicholas Nickleby, Oliver Twist, Great Expectations—through adaptations. And Christmas Carol. I didn't know much about the man."
Fiennes initially approached another actor to play the role of Dickens but it did not work out and they eventually played the part. They worked closely with Abi Morgan on the script and little by little they warmed to the idea of playing Dickens. Fiennes and Morgan often met with Tomalin who provided guidance, but they wished to remain outside the actual screenwriting. The screenplay is structured around a series of "small tragedies and moments of catalyst" described in Tomalin's book, which defined their affair according to them The actores considered for the role of Nelly Ternan included Carey Mulligan, Abbie Cornish, and Felicity Jones. Jones was officially cast in December 2011. Them casting occurred before Fiennes agreed to portray Dickens.
Principal photography began in April 2012 with a planned filming schedule of ten weeks in Kent and London. Exteriors were shot at Camber Sands which stood in for Margate where the 1870s scenes were set. Filming also took place for two days at Leavesden Film Studios in Hertfordshire.
The film had an operating budget of £12 million.
ReleaseThe Invisible Woman premiered at the Telluride Film Festival on 31 August 2013. The first trailer was launched on 4 October 2013. The film had a limited release in the United States on 25 December 2013 and opened in the United Kingdom on 7 February 2014.
Reception
Box officeThe Invisible Woman earned £1,026,591.43 ($1,373,682) at the Box Office in the United Kingdom and $1,229,853 in the United States. The total worldwide gross was £2,380,130.78 ($3,184,853).
Critical response
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes calculated a 75% approval rating, with an average score of 6.73/10, based on 158 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads, "Its deliberate pace will frustrate some viewers, but for fans of handsomely mounted period drama, The Invisible Woman offers visual as well as emotional cinematic nourishment." On review aggregator Metacritic, the film holds a weighted average score of 75/100, based on 41 reviews from mainstream critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
In their review on the Roger Ebert website, Godfrey Cheshire gave the film three and a half out of four stars, calling it "a formidable achievement for Fiennes as both actor and director". Cheshire wrote that the story is told with "extraordinary delicacy and cinematic intelligence" and with a "finely calibrated poetic obliqueness that draws the viewer into the relationship's gradual unfolding". Cheshire continued:
Cheshire also praised the performances of the leading actors, including Fiennes who "creates an exuberant portrait of Dickens that encompasses their vanity and selfishness as well as their bounteousness and thirst for life", Jones who is "luminous" and "conveys the young woman's mix of awe, intoxication and anxiety as they are drawn inexorably into the orbit of a powerful older man", and Scanlan who shows Catherine Dickens' "dignity and grace in heart-rending circumstances". Cheshire concluded:
In their review for The Guardian, Peter Bradshaw gave the film four out of five stars, calling the film "piercingly intimate and intelligent" and praises Fiennes for their "strength as a director" and for their "richly sanguine" portrayal of Charles Dickens. Bradshaw also praises Scanlan for their "shrewd and sensitive performance as Dickens's neglected wife". Bradshaw concluded, "This is an engrossing drama, with excellent performances and tremendous design by Maria Djurkovic."
In their review for The Telegraph, Tim Robey gave the film four out of five stars. Robey focused on the acting performances, especially Scanlan who "gives arguably the standout performance in this generally smashing cast ... in two perfectly weighted, emotionally crushing scenes".
In their review in the New York Observer'', Rex Reed called the film "a cogently written and elegantly appointed period piece that relates passages in their books to emotions in their personal life, holding the attention and shedding light on one of literature's most fascinating footnotes".
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
2013 films
2013 biographical drama films
2013 romantic drama films
Biographical films about writers
British biographical drama films
British romantic drama films
Cultural depictions of Charles Dickens
Films directed by Ralph Fiennes
Films scored by Ilan Eshkeri
Films set in 1857
Films shot at Warner Bros. Studios, Leavesden
Films set in Kent
Films shot in Hertfordshire
Films shot in Kent
Films shot in London
2010s English-language films
2010s British films
Arne Sørensen (2 October 1906 – 1 March 1978) was a Danish politician and author. They founded the Danish Unity party and was a resistance fighter during the occupation of Denmark. After World War II, Sørensen was a member of the Danish Parliament and Minister of Ecclesiastical Affairs.
Career
Arne Sørensen was a member of the Social Democratic Party until 1936. They felt that the Cabinet of Stuning-Munch, which led the party, was parliamentary ineffective and was too sympathetic towards the Government of Nazi Germany. In response, Sørensen left the party and created the anti-parliamentary Danish Unity party, of which they were chairperson until 1946.
During the German occupation of Denmark, Sørensen was an active resistance fighter in the Holger Danske group and in 1943 they became a key member of the Danish Freedom Council. After the war, they were appointed the Minister of Ecclesiastical Affairs and was an advisor to the US military government in Germany in 1948.
In 1949, they largely left their political career behind and instead focused on their writing. Sørensen maintained liberal views on social policy and was a supporter of public pensions (Folkepension) and compulsory child support. In the late 1960s, they were a supporter of the European Federation and advocated for the creation of the United States of Europe. They authored an article in 1973 which argued for an expansion of immigration in Denmark in order to fuel the country's economy.
Sørensen taught lectures in the United States in the later part of their life and frequently traveled between the two countries. They traveled broadly in Europe and the Americas until 1965, when they permanently moved back to Denmark.
Personal life
Sørensen was born in Hvalpsund to Karen Marie Nielsen and Christian Sørensen, a housekeeper. In 1931, they married Nina Sørensen, the daughter of Julius Rasmussen and Ingeborg Lumholdt.
They died on March 1, 1978 and is buried at Hellerup Cemetery.
Bibliography
Spark og Kærtegn (1930)
Funktionalisme og Samfund (1933)
Det moderne Menneske (1936)
Frihed, Sandhed og Ret (1942)
Niels Jydes Breve (1946)
Mellem Øst og Vest (1950)
Fra Hollywood til Akropolis (1952)
Sønner af de slagne (1965)
Hvem styrer staten? (1970)
References
External links
Danish resistance members
Danish male writers
1978 deaths
1906 births
Danish Unity politicians
Danish Ministers for Ecclesiastical Affairs
Burials at Hellerup Cemetery
The Multicore Association was founded in 2005. Multicore Association is a member-funded, non-profit, industry consortium focused on the creation of open standard APIs, specifications, and guidelines that allow system developers and programmers to more readily adopt multicore technology into their applications.
The consortium provides a neutral forum for vendors and developers who are interested in, working with, and/or proliferating multicore-related products, including processors, infrastructure, devices, software, and applications. Its members represent vendors of processors, operating systems, compilers, development tools, debuggers, ESL/EDA tools, and simulators; and application and system developers.
Completed Projects
In 2008, the Multicore Communications API working group released the consortium's first specification, referred to as MCAPI. MCAPI is a message-passing API that captures the basic elements of communication and synchronization that are required for closely distributed (multiple cores on a chip and/or chips on a circuit board) embedded systems. The target systems for MCAPI span multiple dimensions of heterogeneity (e.g., core heterogeneity, interconnect fabric heterogeneity, memory heterogeneity, operating system heterogeneity, software toolchain heterogeneity, and programming language heterogeneity).
In 2011, the MCAPI working group released MCAPI 2.0. The enhanced version adds new features, such as domains for routing purposes. MCAPI Version 2.0 adds a level of hierarchy into that network of nodes through the introduction of "domains". Domains can be used in a variety of implementation-specific ways, such as for representing all the cores on a given chip or for dividing a topology into public and secure areas. MCAPI 2.0 also adds three new types of initialization parameters (node attributes, implementation-specific configurations, implementation information such as the initial network topology or the MCAPI version being executed). The MCAPI WG is chaired by Sven Brehmer.
In 2011, the Multicore Resource Management API working group released its first specification, referred to as MRAPI. MRAPI is an industry-standard API that specifies essential application-level resource management capabilities. Multicore applications require this API to allow coordinated concurrent access to system resources in situations where: (1) there are not enough resources to dedicate to individual tasks or processors, and/or (2) the Run time (program lifecycle phase) system does not provide a uniformly accessible mechanism for coordinating resource sharing. This API is applicable to both SMP and AMP embedded multicore implementations (whereby AMP refers to heterogeneous both in terms of software and hardware). MRAPI (in conjunction with other Multicore Association APIs) can serve as a valuable tool for implementing applications, as well as for implementing such full-featured resource managers and other types of layered services. The MRAPI WG was chaired by Jim Holt.
In 2013, the Multicore Task Management API (MTAPI) working group released its first specification. MTAPI is a standard specification for an application program interface (API) that supports the coordination of tasks on embedded parallel systems with homogeneous and heterogeneous cores. Core features of MTAPI are runtime scheduling and mapping of tasks to processor cores. Due to its dynamic behavior, MTAPI is intended for optimizing throughput on multicore-systems, allowing the software developer to improve the task scheduling strategy for latency and fairness. This working group was chaired by Urs Gleim of Siemens.
In 2013, the Multicore Programming Practices (MPP) working group delivered a multicore software programming guide for the industry that aids in improving consistency and understanding of multicore programming issues. The MPP guide provides best practices leveraging the C/C++ language to generate a guide of genuine value to engineers who are approaching multicore programming. This working group was chaired by Rob Oshana of NXP Semiconductors and David Stewart of CriticalBlue.
in 2015, the Software/Hardware Interface for Multicore/Manycore (SHIM) working group delivered a specification to define an architecture description standard useful for software design. Some architectural features that SHIM describes are the hardware topology including processor cores, accelerators, caches, and inter-core communication channels, with selected details of each element, and instruction, memory, and communication performance information. This working group was chaired by Masaki Gondo of eSOL .
Active Working Groups
The Multicore Communications API (MCAPI) working group is currently adding more features and functions to expand the usefulness of MCAPI for Version 2.x. The working group is working on interoperability and 'zero copy' functionality, including bidirectional interaction between 'application and application' using shared memory and bidirectional interaction between 'application and driver', which is being led by Sven Brehmer of PolyCore Software.
The Virtualization working group will focus on defining and optimizing a set of paravirtualization information and functions to communicate with a Hypervisor. The working group will also focus on a system to categorize the various virtualization features and functionality including within multicore processors. This working group is chaired by Rajan Goyal of Cavium Networks and Surender Kumar of Nokia Networks.
The Open Asymmetric Multi Processing (OpenAMP) working group will focus on standardizing the APIs, providing detailed documentation for the specification, and expanding the functionality of OpenAMP. This working group is chaired by Tomas Evensen of Xilinx.
OpenAMP
The OpenAMP Multicore Framework is an open-source framework for developing
asymmetric multi-processing (AMP) systems application software,
similar to OpenMP for symmetric multi-processing systems.
There are several implementations of OpenAMP Multicore Framework, each one intended to interoperate with all the other implementations over the OpenAMP API.
One implementation of the Multicore Framework, originally developed for the Xilinx Zynq, has been open-sourced
under the OpenAMP open-source project.
Mentor Embedded Multicore Framework (MEMF) is a proprietary implementation of the OpenAMP standard.
The OpenAMP API standard is managed under the umbrella of Multicore Association.
References
External links
Official Multicore Association website
Benchmarking multicore platforms - EEMBC
Benchmarks (computing)
Organizations established in 2005
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
The 2013 Republican National Committee (RNC) chairpersonship election was held on January 25, 2013. Then-incumbent RNC Chairman Reince Priebus won re-election with near unanimity in the party's 2013 meeting in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Candidates
Reince Priebus, then-incumbent RNC Chairman
Mark Willis, National Committeeman from Maine
References
National Committee
Republican National Committee Chairmanship Election, 2013
Republican Party (United States) leadership elections
Republican National Committee chairpersonship election
Ammu is a 1965 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by N. N. Pisharady and produced by M. Kesavan. The film stars Ambika in the eponymous role along with Sathyan, Madhu, Sukumari and Adoor Bhasi in pivotal roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj. It marked actor Sujatha Menon's debut film as an actor in the industry.
Plot
Cast
Sathyan as Shekharan
Madhu as Bhasi
Sukumari as Saro
Adoor Bhasi as Achummaavan
Omanakuttan
P. K. Saraswathi as Kalyaniyamma
Prem Nawas as Appu
Ambika as Ammu
Baby Saru as Thankam
Indira Thampi as Ammini
Kaduvakulam Antony as Anthonimaappila
Kedamangalam Ali
Master Ajit Kumar
Premji as Shankunni Nair
Sujatha as Sharadha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Yusufali Kechery.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Achintya Kumar Sengupta (born 19 September 1903 – 29 January 1976) was an Indian Bengali-language poet, story writer, novelist, biographer and editor.
Life
They were born in Noakhali, now in Bangladesh. At the age of 13, after their father's death, Sengupta moved to Calcutta, where they completed their schooling. They got a B. A. Honours degree from South Suburban College in English, followed by an M. A. degree from the University of Calcutta. Subsequently, they obtained a degree in Law and entered the judicial service in 1928 as a Civil Judge (Junior Division) and Assistant Magistrate Second Class. They served as a Judge in Magistrate Courts of Kolkata and District Courts of Midnapore, Dinajpore, and Kushtia. They retired as a Principal District Judge of the Alipore Court in 1961.
Works
They started writing under a pen name, ‘Niharika Debi'. They contributed to almost all genres of Bengali literature, but is best remembered for their novels and short stories. In all, they wrote more than 100 books. Sengupta was closely associated with the famous magazine Kallol, and was its editor for some time.
Novels
Bede
Akoshik
Kakjoshna
Bibaher Cheye Boro
Endrani
Prachir O Prantor
Urnonav
Nobonita
Je Jai Boluk
Asumodru Antorongo
Prothom Kadom Phul
Story collections
Tuta Futa
Eti
Okalbosonto
Odhibus
Double Decker
Polayon
Jotonbibi
Sareng
Hari Muchi Dom
Kalorokto
Kath Khor Kerosine
Chasa Bhusha
Ekartri
Jashomoti
Poetry
Amabasya
Amra
Priya O Prithibi
Neel Akash
Purba Paschim
Uttarayan
Biographies
Param Purush Sriramkrishna-1
Param Purush Sriramkrishna-2
Param Purush Sriramkrishna-3
Param Purush Sriramkrishna-4
Poromaprokriti Sri Sarodamoni
Okhondo Omiyo Srigourango
Bireshor Bibekananda
Rotnakor Girishchandra
Amritapurush Jishu
Udyata Kharga Subhash
Others
Kollol Joog
Joishter Jhor
Awards
They received the Jagattarini Award, Rabindra Puraskar and the Saratchandra Smriti Award in 1975 for their outstanding contributions to literature and journalism.
Death
They died in Kolkata on 29 January 1976.
References
External links
Achintya Kumar Sengupta at the West Bengal Public Library Network
Bengali writers
Bengali Hindus
Bengali novelists
Bengali people
20th-century Bengalis
Bengali-language writers
Indian writers
Indian male writers
Indian poets
Indian editors
Indian biographers
20th-century Indian biographers
Indian short story writers
Indian male short story writers
20th-century Indian short story writers
Indian novelists
Indian male novelists
Indian male poets
Bengali male poets
Bengali-language poets
1903 births
1976 deaths
Recipients of the Rabindra Puraskar
People from Noakhali District
University of Calcutta alumni
20th-century Indian poets
20th-century Indian male writers
20th-century Indian writers
20th-century Indian novelists
20th-century Bengali poets
Writers from Kolkata
Taekwondo at the 2014 Asian Games was held in Incheon, South Korea from September 30 to 3 October 2014. Men's and women's competitions had eight weight categories for each gender. All competition took place at the Ganghwa Dolmens Gymnasium. Each country was limited to having 6 men and 6 women.
Schedule
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Participating nations
A total of 248 athletes from 37 nations competed in taekwondo at the 2014 Asian Games:
References
External links
Schedule and results
2014 Asian Games
2014 Asian Games events
Asian Games
2014
Just Maath Maathalli (English translation: Just your chatter) is a 2010 Indian Kannada romance film written and directed by Sudeep starring himself, Ramya and Rajesh Nataranga in the lead roles. The film follows Siddharth's search for Tanu to confess their love for them
Sudeep first approached producer Shanker Gowda to produce an action film which they wanted to direct. But, during discussions of the script, the idea of Just Maath Maathalli came up and Shanker Gowda showed immense interest in producing it. Sudeep went on to script and direct the film.
Plot
Siddharth, a singer in a rock band, leaves for Singapore from Bangalore. On the flight, they meet Adi, a screenwriter, who takes a liking to Siddharth and asks them about their trip. Siddharth tells them that they were going in search of a girl, Tanu whom they liked. An amused Adi gets them to narrate the story.
Tanu's Story- Siddharth, standing at the precipice of a suicide point is looking down the cliff when Tanu, a stranger to Siddharth, pulls them back assuming they were attempting suicide and reprimands their act without allowing them to explain their actions. Siddharth walks away and sits by a lake. Again Tanu sees them and presumes they would jump into the water in their attempt to kill himself. They rush to stop them again and gives them another dress-down. Disgusted, they go to a tea stall by the road and orders for coffee. As they are adding sugar-free cubes into their coffee, Tanu notices them from a distance and again assuming that they are adding poison to their coffee rushes to their side and knocks down the tumbler from their hand before they take their first sip. Siddharth, by now evidently tired of their unsolicited good Samaritan ways, lashes back. They tell them that they were only trying to see the depth of the cliff at the suicide point, and was trying to splash some water on their face at the lake and that they were adding sugar-free cubes into their glass, all of which they misunderstood as suicidal attempts by him. They walk away after assuring them that they are NOT suicidal.
Later, at a railway station, while waiting for their train Siddharth sees Tanu running into the station trying to catch a departing train. They anyway misses the train and sits on a bench tired. They ask the station master directions to the toilet. They decide to use the sky-walk to reach the other side of the platform, where the toilet is. As they go up the sky-walk, Siddharth who is sitting on a bench beside hers, notices a beggar who was sitting nearby, missing. They walk up the sky-walk and witnesses the beggar trying to steal gold bangles from Tanu. They shout at the beggar and Tanu finds this distraction enough to kick the beggar in their groin and runs towards Siddharth. They both go down and sit on a bench exhausted. They introduce themselves and Siddharth suggests they keep the bangle for safekeeping. They agree and they tuck the bangle into their backpack.
Suddenly, Tanu sees the beggar walking back towards them with four more people. The couple make a dash for it and hide in dark cattle shed with few oxen. One of baddies enters the shed and gets kicked by an ox. The others think that Siddharth hit their partner and run away scared.
Next morning Tanu departs for their destination by the morning train. After they leaf, Siddharth realizes that their bangle is with him. They get their address from a telephone booth from where they had earlier called home. They set out to their hometown to return the bangle. They meet them and gives the bangle to them They insist that they stay with their family for a few days. They agree and they introduce them to their family members.
Tanu falls in love with Siddaharth and they too start liking them On the day they are leaving, Tanu proposes their love to him. But, to their disbelief, they reject them proposal. They then leaves to Bangalore.
On the flight- Adi is shocked and wonders why they rejected their proposal. Siddharth narrates another incident which changed them to not get emotionally involved with girls.
Flashback 3 years ago- Divya (Keerthi Gowda), a big fan of Siddharth proposes their love to him. They do not understand the seriousness of their craze for them and accepts their proposal just to hang around with them Once at a mall along with Siddharth's band, they get called on work. They inform Divya to go home as they have work to attend. Divya insists on going with them reasoning that since they are their girlfriend they should know about their work. Siddharth realizes that they had taken the relationship very seriously and admonishes them explaining that they did not want to get into a real relationship with them They leaf them and goes away.  They are lovelorn and commits suicide that night. Siddharth is depressed on realizing that they were the reason for their suicide decides never to get involved with girls.
Tanu's story- Siddharth narrates their Tanu experience to a friend who advises them get them as they love them They go back to their house only to find that they have left to Singapore.
And on this plane to Singapore they meet Adi. On reaching Singapore, Adi invites them home. Siddharth accepts the invitation and sets out to find Tanu. Meanwhile, Adi is getting married and invites Siddharth to their wedding. At the wedding Siddharth is shocked to see the bride, Tanu. Without another word, they leaf the wedding hall to the airport. On their way to the airport, they call Adi to inform them that they have found their Tanu. But they request Adi not to use their story and suggests they forget it. Adi agrees.
Movie credits start rolling.
Cast
Sudeep as Siddharth
Ramya as Nandini Appaiah "Tanu"
Rajesh Nataranga as Adi
M. G. Srinivas as Tanu's brother
Arun Sagar as Abhi, Siddharth's bandmate
Avinash as Tanu's father
Rangayana Raghu as actor on film set
Sarovar Sanjeev as Divya's grandfather
Bhuvann Ponnannaa as Siddharth's bandmate
Accolades
58th Filmfare Awards South :-
Filmfare Award for Best Actor - Kannada - Nominated - Sudeep
Filmfare Award for Best Actress - Kannada - Nominated - Ramya
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada - Nominated - Shreya Ghoshal
Karnataka State Film Awards :-
Best Sound Recording - Won - Kumar
Best Female Voice Dubbing - Won - Deepu for the role of Ramya
Suvarna Film Awards :-
Best Film - Nominated
Best Director - Nominated - Sudeep
Best Actor - Nominated - Sudeep
Best Actress - Nominated - Ramya
Favorite Heroine - Won - Ramya
Best Lyricist - Won - Raghavendra Kamath for the song "Munjaane Manjalli"
Favorite Song - Nominated - for the song "Munjaane Manjalli"
Soundtrack
Raghu Dixit composed the music of Sudeep's Just Maath Maathalli. It was launched recently, which saw many big names like Bollywood actor Vivek Oberoi, Tamil actor Silambarasan, Telugu star Jagapathi Babu. The event also saw Ambarish and well-known producer Rockline Venkatesh on 18 Dec 2009 at Le Meridian, Bangalore.
This is the first Indian movie to have six title tracks. This is also the only Indian movie in which all the songs of the album are title tracks.
Reception
Critical response
Shruti Indira Lakshminarayana of Rediff.com scored the film at 2.5 out of 5 stars and says "The narration technique and balance maintained between dialogues and visuals stand out. Sudeep is convincing as both a recluse and a popular singer. Ramya looks good and is a perfect foil for the introvert Sid. Rajesh, who plays the spirited Adi, does justice to their role. Arun Sagar and Avinash are also part of the cast. Costumes add zing to the characters and make them very relatable". A critic from Deccan Herald wrote "Till the drunken scene in the second half, there is enough momentum. The drunken philosophising risks getting people irritated, or fall in, full “fida”. The climax is a letdown to hardcore Sudeep fans. The film entertains nonetheless. Sri Venkat's camera and Raghu Dixit's music lend themselves to the director's vision, embellishing the narration. Rohith and Sudeep excel". A critic from The Times of India Scored the film at 4 out of 5 stars wrote "While Sudeep excels as a singer and lover boy, Ramya, the `pakkadamane hudugi, is charming with brilliant expressions and dialogue delivery and Rajesh is superb. Melodious numbers by Raghu Dixit are music to the ears and Venkats pleasing camerawork is another highlight of the film".
Remake
Indian Express reported that the Hindi remake of the film is in pipeline in 2010.
References
External links
2010 films
Films scored by Raghu Dixit
2010s Kannada-language films
2010s romantic drama films
2010 drama films
Simon Goulart (20 October 1543 – 3 February 1628) was a French Reformed theologian, humanist and poet.
Life
They were born at Senlis in northern France. They first studied law, then adopted the Reformed faith and became one of the pastors at Geneva in the Republic of Geneva (1566). They were called to Antwerp, to Orange, to Montpellier and to Nîmes as minister, and to Lausanne as professor; but remained at Geneva and became a citizen.
According to Scott Manetsch, Goulart was an "eloquent but controversial preacher, unafraid to speak out against the ills of society, whether they be promiscuous styles of clothing, miscarriages of public justice, or the hypocrisy of public officials." In 1595 they preached aggressively against Gabrielle d'Estrées, the favorite of Henry IV of France. They were put in prison by order of the Council of Geneva; after eight days they were released, although the French ambassador had demanded a more severe punishment.
When Theodore Beza died in 1605, Goulart took over as leader of the Company of Pastors. They died at Geneva.
Works
They wrote a number of books on history and theology. They made additions to Jean Crespin's Histoire des Martyrs (Geneva, 1608); they wrote also Recueil contenant les choses les plus mémorables advenues sous la Ligue (6 vols., 1590–99), and Recueil des choses mémorables sous le régne de Henri IV (1598).
References
https://archive.org/stream/newschaffherzog38haucgoog#page/n61/mode/2up
External links
Attribution
French Calvinist and Reformed theologians
French Renaissance humanists
Theologians from the Republic of Geneva
16th-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
16th-century French theologians
1543 births
1628 deaths
People from Senlis
Dolarna Vasana is a village in Gandhinagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
Villages in Gandhinagar district
Sarah Zar, born Sarah Gonek, is an American visual artist, songwriter, performance artist, curator, and musical saw player. They have been publishing writing, showing art, and performing music in New York and elsewhere since 1998.  They are the granddaughter of Rose Zar.
Music
Sarah Zar is a founding member of Row Raven Row and Torcher Chamber Ensemble, as well as musical saw player with singers Shayfer James and Yula Beeri. They occasionally make guest appearances with Crooks & Perverts, and Dolchnakov Brigade.
Them collaborations include combinations of saw playing/ song writing/ singing with Shayfer James of the band Shayfer James, Yula Beeri of Yula & The Extended Family (formerly of The World Inferno Friendship Society, Nanuchka, and Star Fucking Hipsters), Shlomi Lavie of Marcy Playground and Dolchnakov Brigade, Ryder Cooley of Fall Harbor, Torcher Chamber Ensemble, Crooks and Perverts, and many others.
Yula & The Extended Family
The music and arts collective Yula & The Extended Family (YXFM), founded by Yula Beeri is an ever-morphing poetic tribe based at The Hive NYC in Brooklyn. The group's members not only produce music but also theater, film, photography, painting, literature, horticulture, honey, and more.
Current members of The Extended Family include Yula Beeri (vocals, guitar, bass, keyboards, accordion, and more), Isaac Gardner (drums, theater), Kevin Taylor (trombone, accordion), Sarah Zar (musical saw, painting, graphic design), Kate Campbell (trumpet, film), Rob Meyer (trombone, horticulture), and Daniel J. Gerstle of HELO Magazine(bass, guitar, literature, photography). Former members include Stefan Zeniuk, Taylor Galassi, and others.
The band has released two albums: Victor, and Dark Side of the Bee''. They include the singles "Yulix", "Back Off America", and "Mouthful of Diamonds." In 2010, the band performed both at the SXSW Festival and Punk Island NYC.
Shayfer James
Shayfer James is a self-titled singer/ songwriter project. Shayfer James' recent performances have been in New York, New Orleans, and Hong Kong. "When Shayfer James approaches the piano, there is a certain power and mischievous charm that surrounds him. A bewitching sense of foreboding builds as their fingers touch the piano, and as they begin to sing, we are immersed in their darkly lyrical and evocative stories. Their wry poetry is stitched seamlessly to peculiar arrangements that are simultaneously unsettling and familiar. Mr. James lures us into a devious world where the gods tear wings from angels and every man has a siren waiting to devour him."
Current members of Shayfer James include Dusty Bones (drums, percussion), Jeremy Gillespie (bass, vocals), Dante Portella (organ), with occasional appearances by Sarah Zar (musical saw, backing vocals) and Peter Horn (violin).
Torcher Chamber Ensemble
The Torcher Chamber Ensemble is a collection of predominantly classically trained musicians. They play their own compositions and arrangements in the style of a classical chamber ensemble (having a brass and strings section). The members of The Torcher Chamber Ensemble consist of Kevin Taylor, Russell Lynch, Sarah Zar, Kate Campbell, Robert Meyer, Michael Cuttitta, and Jack Noble.
Art
Sarah Zar is an interdisciplinary artist, currently perched in Brooklyn, NY*. Them work has appeared in places (Sloan Fine Art, Denise Bibro Fine Art, Janet Kurnatowski Gallery, Sideshow Gallery under bridges and on boats, The Highline Ballroom, and so on) and sensory organs around the world. Them paintings have received numerous awards in NY, and their other visual works range from installations, drawings, collages and sculptures to spatial design and letters to strangers.  They are currently teaching Contemporary Art and Aesthetics at Montclair State University.
This means that Sarah Zar is a northern-dwelling, migratory "bird". It traditionally creates novels by painting, and their titles and relationships are nomadic. This species is noted for its colorful use of dream logic.
Writing
Sarah Zar's writing was first published by Norm Davis in Hazmat Literary Review in 1998, and has appeared in print and in person since then in publications and writing events such as:
Zar, Sarah, and Charles Whymper. Riddled With Spots. 1st ed. New York: A. Keck, NY. Print.
ONandOnScreen
The Kelly Writers House, Where they were a Featured Visitor (Subject: "The language of technology in contemporary post-modern fiction for 'After David Foster Wallace'")
Awards
Graduate Citation – Montclair State University
First Place in the Fence Select Exhibition, Arts Center of Troy – Troy, NY
The Roanne Kulakoff Award for Painting – Albany, NY
Art Departmental Award for Drawing and Painting – S.U.N.Y. Albany
Presidential Scholarship and University Honors Scholarship – S.U.N.Y. Albany
Bradley Smith Art Purchase Award for Sculpture – Rochester, NY
Grant for a 2-year Caste Drawing Apprenticeship with Lori Harpole – Rochester, NY
References
External links
Gallery * Sarah Zar
Sarah Zar | Other from Brooklyn, NY
Yula and the eXtended Family music, videos, stats, and photos
Shayfer James
20th-century American painters
21st-century American painters
Living people
American women songwriters
American performance artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
American women painters
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
Christoph Carl von Bülow (* 26 May 1716 in Glubenstein near Rastenburg, East Prussia, 1 July 1788 in Pasewalk) was the Royal Prussian General of the Cavalry, commander of the Dragoons regiment Markgraf von Anspach-Bayreuth, general inspector of the cavalry in Prussia, Knight of the Black Eagle Order, as well as official chief of Memel and Oletzkow. Their name is included on the Equestrian statue of Frederick the Great.
'
References
1716 births
1788 deaths
People from East Prussia
Generals of Cavalry (Prussia)
Prussian military personnel of the Seven Years' War
Prussian military personnel of the War of Bavarian Succession
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (military class)
The Consumer Credit Protection Act (CCPA) is a United States law , composed of several titles relating to consumer credit, mainly title I, the Truth in Lending Act, title II related to extortionate credit transactions, title III related to restrictions on wage garnishment, and title IV related to the National Commission on Consumer Finance.
The restrictions on wage garnishment guard employees from discharge by their employers because their wages have been garnished for any one indebtedness. The Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor enforces the provisions. The informed use of credit is administered by the United States Congress and stabilizes economic acts to be enhanced with competition informed unto various financial institutions that are engaged in extension of consumer credit that would be strengthened otherwise by informed credit use.
Titles:
Truth in Lending Act
Fair Credit Reporting Act
Credit Repair Organizations Act
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act
References
Cornell University Law School Webpage
FDIC Regulations- Consumer Credit Protection Act
External links
Consumer Credit Protection Act (PDF/details) as amended in the GPO Statute Compilations collection
FDIC Laws, Regulations, Related Acts- Consumer Protection
US CODE: Title 15, Chapter 41- Consumer Credit Protection
Public Law 90-321, 90th Congress, S. 5: Consumer Credit Protection Act
Consumer protection legislation
United States federal labor legislation
1968 in law
90th United States Congress
1968 in the United States
International Mutual Aid (IMA) is a Maryland 501(c)(3) registered nonprofit organization working to provide disaster and emergency medical assistance to underserved populations outside of the US.
International Mutual Aid was founded in November 2014 in response to the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. IMA deployed a medical team to Kono District, Sierra Leone in December 2014.
This team remained in place for the duration of the Kono Ebola epidemic, coordinating with local resources to run a free primary care clinic, conduct Ebola surveillance, contact tracing, initial treatment for suspect Ebola cases, and provide public education.
International Mutual Aid remains engaged in healthcare system strengthening efforts in Kono District, Sierra Leone. Kono.
See also
Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa
Ebola virus epidemic in Sierra Leone
Ebola virus epidemic in Guinea
Ebola virus epidemic in Liberia
Ebola virus disease in Mali
Ebola virus disease
Health in Sierra Leone
List of Ebola patients
References
External links
International Mutual Aid Homepage
2014 establishments in Maryland
2014 establishments in Sierra Leone
Development charities based in the United States
African culture in Maryland
American companies established in 2014
Charities based in Maryland
Harford County, Maryland
Health charities in the United States
Sierra Leonean-American history
Medical and health organizations based in Maryland
Foreign charities operating in Sierra Leone
Organizations based in the Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area
Richard Bassett (March 28, 1846 – February 21, 1905) was a Baptist minister and a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives from Howard County. They were one of four African American state legislators elected in Indiana in the 19th century.
Early life and education
Bassett was born in 1846 at Snow Hill, North Carolina, to free black parents. In 1848, they moved with their parents to a Quaker community in Parke County, Indiana. There their father, Zachariah Bassett, first began to preach. Both Richard and their brother Miles would follow their father into the ministry.
In 1856, the Bassetts, along with the Artis and Ellis families, established a new African-American settlement in Ervin Township in Howard County. Known as the Bassett Settlement, the community grew to 11 families, and at its peak had its own school, church, and post office, as well as a general store and blacksmith shop. Bassett attended local Quaker schools.
Bassett formally joined the Free Union Baptist Church at the Bassett Settlement in November 1864.
In 1864, Bassett married Ann Hawkins, with whom they subsequently had six children. Upon their death in 1876, they married Nancy A. Hamilton, with whom they had four children. They died in 1888, and they later married Luvinie Reed in 1891.
Career
In August 1867, Bassett was ordained a Baptist minister at New Albany, Indiana. In their subsequent career, churches where they served as minister included the Shiloh Church of Rising Sun (his first posting), the Second Church of New Albany (eight years), the Corinthian Baptist Church of Indianapolis (five years), the Free Union Baptist Church at the Bassett settlement, and the Second Church of Kokomo. (The Second Church of Kokomo served as the successor to the Free Union Baptist Church, which closed in the 1880s.)
Bassett was particularly known for their work in the Sunday School movement, and was appointed "state Sunday-school missionary" in 1888.
In 1892, Bassett was elected to the Indiana House of Representatives from Howard County. They served one term. They were the third African American legislator ever elected in Indiana, after James Sidney Hinton and James Matthew Townsend. Staunchly religious, their vote in opposition to a resolution supporting the 1893 World's Fair being open on Sundays attracted attention. Due to illness, however, they did not participate fully in the 1893 legislative session, and was obliged to be absent for part of it.
Bassett's final post was at the Mount Zion Baptist Church in Indianapolis, where they served from 1900 to 1903. In 1903, they suffered a stroke which ended their preaching career.
Upon their death, plans were laid for a monument to be erected in Bassett's memory in Kokomo; it was to have been dedicated in 1906.
References
External links
1846 births
1905 deaths
People from Howard County, Indiana
African-American Baptist ministers
African-American state legislators in Indiana
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American clergy
20th-century African-American people
Philippe Pugnat (born 10 September 1959 in Sallanches) is a retired French alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1959 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Haute-Savoie
Noel Albert Butcher (19 November 1894 – 23 January 1968) was an Australian business person and politician who served as an independent member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1951 to 1953, representing the seat of Gascoyne.
Butcher was born in Mardella (on the outskirts of Perth) to Rachael (née White) and Hugh John Butcher. They left school at the age of 14, and began working at the Midland Railway Workshops as an apprentice fitter and turner. In the 1920s, Butcher worked variously as a bank teller, engineer, and sheep farmer (at Bindi Bindi). They eventually trained as a mining engineer, and worked for periods at Mount Morgans, Yellowdine, and Marble Bar (as mine manager and a company director). Butcher enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) during World War II, serving with engineering and field radar units.
Discharged from the RAAF in 1944, Butcher initially returned to mining, working at Nullagine and briefly serving on the Nullagine Road Board. They moved to Carnarvon in late 1945, where they grew bananas. Butcher entered parliament at the 1951 Gascoyne by-election, caused by the resignation of Frank Wise (a former Labor premier). They stood as an "Independent Liberal" candidate, and was elected with 51.3 percent of the two-candidate-preferred vote. Butcher's time in politics was short-lived, however, as they were defeated by Labor's Daniel Norton at the 1953 state election. They eventually left Carnarvon, operating a fuel depot at Karlgarin for a few years before retiring to Mandurah. Butcher died in a road accident in 1968, aged 73.
References
1894 births
1968 deaths
Australian mining engineers
Independent members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Perth, Western Australia
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Western Australian local councillors
Road incident deaths in Western Australia
Royal Australian Air Force officers
Anna Hämäläinen (born 24 March 1994, in Moscow) is a Finnish athlete who specialises in the 200 metres. They come from a sporting family, both their mother, Olga, and father, Eduard Hämäläinen, were athletes who each won medals at the European Athletics Championships.
Hämäläinen represented Finland at the 2012 European Athletics Championships where they finished 27th overall in the heats of the 200 metres with a sprint of 24.14 seconds.
Achievements
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Athletes from Moscow
Finnish female sprinters
Finnish people of Russian descent
VSE Corporation () is a diversified products and services company providing repair services, distribution, logistics, supply chain management support and consulting services for land, sea, and air transportation assets in the public and private sectors. VSE serves commercial customers as well as the United States Government, including the United States Department of Defense (DoD), federal civilian agencies, and other customers. Operations include parts supply and distribution, and maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) services for ground transport and aviation; vehicle and equipment refurbishment; logistics; engineering; IT and health care IT solutions; and energy and mismanagement consulting services.
Business units (sectors)
VSE was incorporated in Delaware in 1959 and the parent company serves as a centralized managing and consolidating entity for three operating groups, each of which consists of one or more wholly owned subsidiaries or unincorporated divisions. VSE's operating segments include:
Aviation Distribution & Repair
1st Choice Aerospace
CT Aerospace
Kansas Aviation
VSE Aviation distribution
VSE Miami (formerly Air Parts & Supply Co "APSCO")
VSE Aviation Singapore
VSE Aviation GmbH (Germany)
Wheeler Fleet Solutions
Federal and Defense Services
Energetics Incorporated (technology and management consulting firm serving public- and private-sector clients)
Akimeka (information technology (IT) and data service provider)
Company Segments
AVIATION
(Distribution & Repair Services):
VSE's Aviation segment provides aftermarket repair and distribution services to commercial, cargo, business and general aviation, military/defense and rotorcraft customers globally. Core services include parts distribution, component and engine accessory maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) services, rotable exchange, and supply chain services.
FLEET
(Distribution & Fleet Services):
VSE's Fleet segment provides parts, inventory management, e-commerce fulfillment, logistics, supply chain support and other services to support the commercial aftermarket medium- and heavy-duty truck market, the United States Postal Service (USPS), and the United States Department of Defense. Core services include parts distribution, sourcing, IT solutions, customized fleet logistics, warehousing, kitting, just-in-time supply chain management, alternative product sourcing, engineering and technical support.
FEDERAL & DEFENSE
(Logistics & Sustainment Services):
VSE's Federal & Defense segment provides aftermarket maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) and logistics services to improve operational readiness and extend the life cycle of military vehicles, ships and aircraft for the U.S. Armed Forces, federal agencies and international defense customers. Core services include base operations support, procurement, supply chain management, vehicle, maritime and aircraft sustainment services, IT services and energy consulting.
History
VSE Corporation was established in 1959 to provide engineering and technical services to the owners and operators of transportation and equipment assets and large, mission critical fleets (ships, vehicles and aircraft.)
VSE is a publicly traded (NASDAQ: VSEC), ISO 9001:2015-registered SCM, MRO, and professional services company. VSE's subsidiary, Wheeler Fleet Solutions received its seventh U.S. Postal Service Supplier Performance Award for 2013. VSE Aviation, Inc. is an FAA and EASA certified independent provider of MRO and SCM services for aircraft engines and engine accessories. VSE's Federal & Defense Services support to the U.S. Department of Defense has resulted in VSE's ranking among the top 100 defense contractors, top 10 foreign military sales contractors, and top 50 Navy contractors in the nation.Source: Company Overview
References
External links
VSE Corporation web site
VSE Aviation, Inc. (corporate headquarters for VSE Corporation's aviation interests)
Wheeler Fleet Solutions(Somerset, PA based fleet inventory management subsidiary)
Energetics Incorporated (Columbia, MD based consulting subsidiary)
Akimeka (Healthcare IT & IT Services subsidiary)
Business services companies established in 1959
Companies based in Virginia
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
1959 establishments in Virginia
Fuzuli or Fizuli may refer to:
People
Fuzuli (writer) (Mahammad bin Suleyman, 1483–1556), Azerbaijani poet, writer and thinker
Fizuli Mammedov (born 1977), Azerbaijani footballer
Fizuli Alakbarov (born 1958), Azerbaijani politician
Places
Fuzuli (city), a city in Azerbaijan named for the Azerbaijani writer
Fuzuli District, Azerbaijan
Füzuli, Samukh, a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan
Füzuli, Shamkir, a village in the municipality of Yeni yol in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan
Amirsalar Davoudi (امیرسالار داوودی) is an Iranian human rights lawyer born on 21 June 1981. They were sentenced to 30 years in prison and 111 lashes for their human rights work.
The charges on which they have been convicted include "insulting officials", "insulting the Supreme Leader", and "spreading propaganda against the system". They were arrested on 20 November 2018 and has been detained in Tehran's Evin prison with extremely limited access to their family and lawyer.
Amnesty International calls for their immediate and unconditional release.
Davoudi, in the past years, has been defending some of Iranian political prisoners and religious and ethnic minorities. They were also active on social media criticizing the violation of human rights in their country.
Arrest
On 20 November 2018 security forces arrested Davoudi in their office in Tehran and transferred them to Evin prison where many other political prisoners are kept.
Their arrest was part of a crackdown against active lawyers. Davoudi was among four lawyers arrested for their human rights activities.
Charges and sentence
On 1 June 2019 Amirsalar Davoudi was sentenced to 30 years in jail plus 111 lashes. Branch 15 of the Tehran Revolutionary Court, presided over by Abolqasem Salavati sentenced Amirsalar to 111 lashes and a total of 30 years in prison1; 15 years for “forming a group to overthrow the political system” (through their Telegram channel, "No Retouch" where they discussed breaches in judicial processes, the judicial harassment of lawyers and human rights abuses), “propaganda against the system” (for their interviews with VOA), “publishing lies”and “insulting officials and the leader” amongst other charges. On 30 July 2019, their sentence was upheld.
Davoudi's lawyer, Vahid Moshkani Farahani, said in an interview with Modara website, “Besides the 30 years of imprisonment in which 15 years will be implemented, Mr Davoudi has been sentenced to 111 lashes, a fine of Rls.60 million (around US$4,000) court fine and deprivation of their social rights for two years.”
Hunger Strike
In its annual report in February 2020, Amnesty International reported that Lawyer and human rights activist Amirsalar Daoudi, who is presently jailed at Tehran Evin prison, has been on hunger strike since 9 February 2020.
International reaction
Philip Luther, Research and Advocacy Director for the Middle East and North Africa to the Amnesty International, called Davoudi's detainment a shocking injustice and that they were being punished for their advocating human rights. Philip Luther called for Davoudi's immediate release.
Awards
2019: Council of Bars and Law Societies of Europe (CCBE) Human Rights Award
2022: Ludovic-Trarieux International Human Rights Prize
See also
Nasrin Sotoudeh
Abdolfattah Soltani
Mohammad Seifzadeh
Kasra Nouri
Human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran
References
21st-century Iranian lawyers
Living people
Iranian human rights activists
Iranian prisoners and detainees
People convicted of spreading propaganda against the system by the Islamic Republic of Iran
1990s births
Chin Chum (born 7 October 1985) is a former Cambodian footballer. They played as a striker.
They have represented Cambodia at senior international level.
Honours
Club
Nagacorp FC
Cambodian League: 2009
Hun Sen Cup: 2013
Individual
Hun Sen Cup Best player: 2013
International goals
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Cambodian footballers
Cambodia international footballers
Association football forwards
Phnom Penh Crown FC players
Nagaworld FC players
Evliya Kasim Pasha Mosque () is a 15th-century Ottoman mosque in Edirne, northwestern Turkey. It is named after Kasim Pasha ().
The mosque was built by Kasim Pasha in 1478–1479, the Beylerbey of the Rumelia Eyalet in the Ottoman Empire and a commander of the Ottoman forces during the reign of the sultans Mehmed the Conqueror (r. 1444‒1446, 1451‒1481) and Bayezid II (r. 1481–1512); they were also titled "Evliya", saint. The grave of Kasim Pasha is in the mosque's yard.
Architecture
The mosque is situated in the Kirişhane quarter on the north bank of the Tunca River to the south of the city of Edirne. A masonry staircase with 14 steps was built to enable access to the mosque from the river, but this now has only two steps remaining. Constructed in ashlar, the building with square plan has one dome and one minaret. The façade is directed to the north. Here is the main gate and an outer mihrab flanked by rwo windows. Above the main gate, a construction inscription with a three-line text in Ottoman language, is attached. On each of the other three sides of the building, there are four windows, two in line. The lower windows, in rectangular form, are placed inside niches, and have arched gables. Each gable features a carved small five-pointed star. The upper windows are arched, and in the middle of the west wall, a sundial is found.
Status
The mosque has not been in use since 1950 due to its location. It is separated from the city by an artificial levee, which was built to protect the city from flooding by the river, and lack of congregation. Periodically, flooding does further damage to the historic building. In the 2010s, the province governor of Edirne initiated efforts to save the mosque from future ruin. The two projects, to relocate the levee passing between the mosque and the river, or to completely move the mosque to a safe place, have been rejected by the related public bodies so far.
References
Mosques in Edirne
Ottoman mosques in Edirne
Mosques completed in 1479
Unused buildings in Turkey
Mosque buildings with domes
Maskova is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 192 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Moursund is an unincorporated community in Victoria County, Texas, United States.
History
On early maps of Victoria County, Moursund appears as Craig, Texas.
Moursund is entered in the USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) as a "Populated Place" in Victoria County.
Geography
Moursund is situated North on U.S. Highway 87 approximately 8.5 miles North of downtown Victoria, or approximately 2.5 miles south of Nursery, Texas.
Moursund is located at (28.8863749, -97.0577653).
External links
U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Moursund, Texas (https://geonames.usgs.gov/apex/f?p=138:3:0::NO:3:P3_FID,P3_TITLE:1380223,Moursund)
Texas Home Town Locator: Moursund, Texas (http://texas.hometownlocator.com/tx/victoria/moursund.cfm)
Roadside Thoughts: Moursund (Victoria County, Texas) (http://roadsidethoughts.com/tx/moursund-xx-victoria-profile.htm)
Unincorporated communities in Victoria County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Victoria, Texas metropolitan area
The 1990 Maui Invitational Tournament was an early-season college basketball tournament that was played, for the 7th time, from November 23 to November 25, 1990. The tournament, which began in 1984, was part of the 1990-91 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The tournament was played at the Lahaina Civic Center in Maui, Hawaiiand was won by the Syracuse Orange. It was the first title for the program and its head coach Jim Boeheim.
Bracket
References
Maui Invitational Tournament
Maui Invitational Tournament
was a private junior college in Yokohama City, Totsuka Ward, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. It was established in 1950 when the junior college system started in Japan. Two departments was started, Metallic industrial department and Chemical industrial department.
The school closed down the following year in 1951 after failing to comply with the Private School Act set under the School Education Law in Japan.
Universities and colleges in Kanagawa Prefecture
Educational institutions established in 1950
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
1950 establishments in Japan
Tropical Gangsters is the third album by Kid Creole and the Coconuts, released on May 10, 1982. Originally conceived as a solo album by band leader August Darnell and titled Wise Guy, their label ZE Records pressured them to change it to a Kid Creole and the Coconuts record and to make it more commercial sounding in order to relieve the label's financial problems. Despite the tensions this caused within the band and Darnell's complaint that the subsequent record was a "cop-out", the more dance-pop oriented sound helped it reached number 145 on the Billboard 200 album chart, representing the group's commercial breakthrough in their home country (the album kept the title of Wise Guy in the US and Canada, with a different cover). However, to the surprise of Darnell and their record company Tropical Gangsters was a huge success in Australia and New Zealand, Europe, and in particular the UK, where the album peaked at number three in the UK Albums Chart and yielded three top ten singles. Tropical Gangsters made Darnell a worldwide star, and the album remains both theirs and the ZE label's most successful record by far.
Recording
Following promotional work for the second Kid Creole and the Coconuts album Fresh Fruit in Foreign Places, Darnell gave an interview to the UK music magazine Melody Maker in December 1981 in which they spoke enthusiastically of the forthcoming solo album they were planning called Wise Guy, and told the magazine about three songs they already had written for the record titled "I'm a Wonderful Thing", "Stool Pigeon" (originally titled "Jive Talking") and "Imitation". When it became apparent a few months later, however, that the record would no longer be a solo album and that it would be significantly different in style musically from the previous records, Darnell told interviewers at the time that it was "a chance to do some other things", but in reality they felt they were being forced to do "a cop-out album, an R&B album" in order to ease ZE's considerable financial difficulties with their parent label in the US, Sire Records. By the time of the album's release in May 1982, Darnell acknowledged that their record company had put pressure on them and that the record had not turned out how they had wanted: "Make no mistake about it, this album is a compromise. It's much more steeped in R&B than Kid Creole should be. That's why it originally was supposed to be an August Darnell solo album. But because of the problems we ran into in the [record] company, and the company not believing in Kid Creole enough, this had to be turned into a Kid Creole album."
The same article also interviewed Darnell's long-time friend and musical director in the Coconuts, Andy "Coati Mundi" Hernandez, where they expressed their own grievances and feelings of being left out of the recording process: "The Kid Creole album that's coming out, I wasn't originally involved in it. It was going to be an August Darnell solo album, and the powers that be decided to make it a Kid Creole album without taking my interest into consideration. That's when the trouble started for me." Hernandez was upset that after apparently being told they could contribute three songs to the album, in the end only one of their compositions ("I'm Corrupt") made it onto the final record, and even then in an almost lyric-free version because "they felt it wasn't in the concept of the album so they decided to put it on as an instrumental". They were also critical of the way Darnell had fired Hernandez's friend Lori Eastside from the band, after they had shared lead vocals with Darnell on the first two albums. The disagreements opened up a rift between Darnell and Hernandez which was never completely healed, and Hernandez eventually left the band a few years later.
The album was recorded over four weeks at Blank Tapes and Electric Lady Studios in New York City. Reflecting on the album in 2008, Darnell maintained that the album had been compromised but was philosophical about what its success had brought him:
Musical composition and themes
After reluctantly giving in to their record label's request to make the album a Kid Creole and the Coconuts record rather than a solo album, Darnell felt the most appropriate thing to do was to continue the concept of the first two Kid Creole albums, about the adventures of the band shipwrecked on the imaginary island of B'Dilli Bay. Darnell told NME about the album's theme, and also explained away the change of musical style from the first two albums, saying, "What this album is, is a continuation of the Fresh Fruit ... idea. Only it's a flashback, it all takes place on B'Dilli Bay ... It's a flashback story of what exactly happened for the 21 days that Creole and their crew stayed on that island, with the scum of the earth, the prostitutes, whores and pimps ... Creole is on B'Dilli Bay looking for Mimi and they had to spend time there, they had to buy their time there. Because the music of B'Dilli Bay was R&B. And Creole was forced to play the music to stay there."
"I'm a Wonderful Thing, Baby" was started by the Coconuts' keyboard player Peter Schott and originally titled "It's a Wonderful Thing". Darnell decided to change the first word to "I'm" and create a song about an egocentric character.
"Imitation" was Darnell's response to people who were constantly telling them about new British bands they felt were ripping off Kid Creole's music, and also a riposte to ZE label boss Michael Zilkha who had told them to write something less obviously Latin-sounding and "more funky": "As I explained to Zilkha later I'd been inspired by funk, just like I'd been inspired by salsa, but you don't find me writing pure cha-cha's or pure reggae because why should I do that? ... I'd rather take pride in knowing I've created a fusion of those worlds ... My motto has been 'Emulation not imitation is the healthy way to go'."
"Stool Pigeon" was inspired by a newspaper article Darnell had read about a former Mafia boss who had been let out of jail after providing information about their former colleagues, and had now had their identity changed and protected by the FBI. Darnell said, "I actually had compassion for the guy. I thought, wow, what a way to go. And I could understand why they did it. They sold out for the money and the comfort, I guess the very things that had brought them into the underworld." The song also features Darnell's attempt at the then newly fashionable art of rapping—he later confessed, "That's just me goofing at being a rapper, which was the last thing I ever wanted to do".
Release and promotion
Three singles were taken from the album, "I'm a Wonderful Thing, Baby", "Stool Pigeon" and "Annie I'm Not Your Daddy". The band also undertook a tour of the UK and Europe which lasted several months, and consisted of a spectacular stage show that included dancers, black Japanese Al Mack, and a fire-eater named Eddie Magic. Coupled with the success of the singles the group's high-profile ensured that Tropical Gangsters sold consistently throughout Europe during the rest of 1982. "I'm a Wonderful Thing, Baby" also briefly hit the US dance charts.
The album was reissued in Europe on CD in 2002 with six bonus tracks of rare 12" versions and B-sides, notably "Double on Back" from the flipside of the "Stool Pigeon" 12" release.
Critical reception
Reaction to the album at the time was mixed, with some former fans disappointed at the new commercial direction. In the UK, Gavin Martin of NME complained that "there's a feeling of going through the motions on many of the songs, playing out scenes and sending up manners and mores in an almost identikit fashion. Perhaps the most disappointing thing about this LP is the lack of vision and imagination in Darnell's songwriting ... Tropical Gangsters doesn't exactly stink, but there is a mighty stale whiff about it." However, in Melody Maker Paolo Hewitt was more positive, saying, "Gone is the musical exotica of Fresh Fruit ..., the last LP, to be replaced by a leaner, harder sound, characterised by an emphasis on percussion and rhythm guitar ... Far from being a collection of 'dull, insipid disco songs', as Sounds would have it, this album is packed with wit, humour, tunes and a clear sense of direction."
In The Guardian, Robin Denselow noted that there were fewer influences from Latin or Caribbean music than on the band's previous album Fresh Fruit in Foreign Places, and instead more emphasis on "straightforforward R&B and jangling funk". They stated, "A few tracks like the jangling, lumbering 'Stool Pigeon' do seem to have been included with the commercial disco market in mind but thankfully most tracks echo just a little of Darnell's gloriously eclectic taste and wit." They concluded, "It's an enjoyable album but it doesn't show what The Kid is capable of."
More recent reviews have been kinder to the album: Sharon Mawer of AllMusic said the songs on the album were "totally irresistible, danceable, easy to sing along to, and guaranteed to bring a smile to the face of pop dominated at the time by synthesizers and good-looking young men who looked more like girls".
Accolades
In the UK Tropical Gangsters was placed at number 12 in the NME critics' list of the best albums of 1982, and also included as one of Sounds top twenty albums of the year. In 1989 Record Mirror placed the album at number 48 in their list of the 'Top 100 Albums of the Decade'.
Track listing
PersonnelKid Creole and the Coconuts: August Darnell, Coati Mundi, Peter Schott, Carol Coleman, Adriana Kaegi, Jimmy Rippetoe and special guest star Cory DayeAdditional personnel Angelica de la Luna, Ronnie Rogers, Dave Spann, Winston Grennan, Jay Stovall, Yogi Horton, Charles Lagond, Cheryl Poirier, Lori Eastside, Taryn Haegy, Perri Lister, Stephanie Fuller, Theodore "Dutch" Robinson, Christine Wiltshire, Mark Mazur, Clarence Banks, Andrew Lloyd, Floyd Fisher, Sam Turner and Eugene GreyAdditional credits Bob Blank – chief engineer
Bruce Buchalter – assistant engineer
Carlos Franzetti – horns and strings arrangements for the Pond Life Orchestra, except "I'm a Wonderful Thing, Baby"
Michael Frondelli – chief engineer
Michel Sauvage – assistant engineer
Peter Schott – horns and strings arrangements on "I'm a Wonderful Thing, Baby"
Michael Zilkha – executive producer
Release historyTropical GangstersWise Guy'''''
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales and certifications
References
1982 albums
Kid Creole and the Coconuts albums
Island Records albums
ZE Records albums
John Ralph Hansford Ward (November 1817 – 17 February 1903), invariably known as Hansford Ward or Captain Ward, was a ship's captain in South Australia, who figures prominently in the pre-history of the Adelaide Steamship Company. A son, also named John Ralph Hansford Ward (8 April 1852 – ) but known as John R. H. Ward, was also a ship's captain.
History
Ward was born at Abbotsbury, Dorset, and emigrated to South Australia aboard Lady Lilford, arriving in September 1839.
They settled at Glenelg, and gained employment under Thomas Lipson as a crew member for John Anthony's boat, associated with the Glenelg custom house.
They were one of Lipson's party at the proclamation of Port Adelaide in 1840.
In April 1840, Ward was among the party that accompanied Governor Gawler to explore and chart the Spencer Gulf coast of Eyre Peninsula from Port Lincoln to Franklin Harbor. Also in that party were Thomas Lipson, John Hill, Thomas Burr, and Alfred Hardy.
They married Jane Best in August 1840. They were the eldest daughter of J. Richard Best of Hindmarsh, who died on 1 January 1850 from head injuries sustained at the Adelaide racetrack after a viewing platform railing gave way.
In 1841 the customs facility at Glenelg was disbanded, and Ward turned to fishing. They founded H. Ward & Co., proprietors of oyster and cray fishing boats, in which business they were involved for about ten years. They also ran the Glenelg Hotel from 1846 to 1850.
Cutter O.G.
A cutter 20 tons burthen was built by the firm of Henning & Fenden on the banks of the Patawalonga River and in 1840 christened O.G. (perhaps originally Osmond Gilles) before the cream of Adelaide society. The ceremony was held to coincide with the launch of the township of Glenelg, whose proprietors included William Finke, Osmond Gilles (for whom the boat was named), H. R. Wigley (father of W. R. Wigley) and Mathew Smith.
The ceremony became a fiasco after a downpour turned the ground to a particularly slippery species of mud, and the boat refused to be launched when the tide did not rise to the height expected, and had to be postponed.
O.G. was the first boat of any size to be built in South Australia; their first master F. Finney.
Ward purchased the cutter in 1850 and enlarged them to 27 tons burthen, and from January 1851 to May 1854 they were plying them between Adelaide, what is now the Fleurieu Peninsula, Kangaroo Island and Yorke Peninsula, delivering supplies and returning with wheat and wool.
On 19 May 1854 O.G. left Port Adelaide for Yankalilla and Rapid Bay, Captain Reid in command. After weighing anchor at Yankalilla on the afternoon of 23 May, the wind began to blow hard and increased to a heavy gale. The cutter was very light, having discharged nearly all their cargo, and Captain Reid found it impossible to prevent them from driving ashore, so let go their anchor as a last resort, but the cutter dragged anchor and soon foundered on the rocks at Poole's Flat, about 2km north of Second Valley. Captain and crew took to the boat, and with some difficulty ran them up a creek and no lives were lost. The ship was a total wreck; their burthen was only 20 tons, and therefore uninsured and Captain Reid's loss was estimated at over £300. The site of the wreck was later known as Cutter Flat in recognition of the event.
Brig Punch
Punch, 150 tons, was a fine little brig owned by Adelaide business people Thomas Allen, George Henry Fox, Barnett, and others. Allen was in April 1853 deposed as captain by the majority of owners, and replaced with Sayers, to Allen's disgust, as they had no faith in Sayers' seamanship.
On the morning of 10 September 1853 a gale blew up and they were pushed on-shore and stranded on the beach near Glenelg, though they suffered little damage. They were unloaded by bullock dray but remained stuck fast and could not be freed from the sand.
On 20 September Ward purchased the brig "as is where is" for £250. They rigged a series of empty water barrels under their hull and waited for the next "king tide", which occurred on 20 December 1853, when they were without incident towed out to sea and around to Port Adelaide.
Ward traded with them to India, Java, and Eastern settlements. until 1856, when they sold them in Singapore.
Schooners
In May 1852 Captain Dowsett in the Government schooner Yatala discovered Port Augusta. In 1856 Ward bought the schooners Alice Martin (previously Flying Eagle) and Waitemata for the trade between Port Adelaide and Port Augusta and other ports. Waitemata, facetiously dubbed "Weighty Matter", gained some notoriety as the vessel in which "Bully" Hayes escaped from Adelaide early in 1858.
Steamships
Around 1852 Ward became associated with Darwent, Stilling, & Co., founded by the American entrepreneur Joseph Darwent, and to further their projects purchased the iron-hulled screw steamer Marion (124 tons), which they brought back from Melbourne and commanded until 1860, running regular services to Port Augusta.
Elder, Stirling, & Co. then joined with Darwent, Stilling, & Co., and commissioned Ward to travel to Glasgow to either purchase or have built a coasting steamer. In the event they had built the iron screw steamer Lubra (167 tons), which they brought back under sail as a three-masted schooner, arriving in Adelaide in June 1861.
Ward did not have the appropriate certification for an overseas voyage, so had a relative, Captain William Orchard, command the ship. Orchard then had a considerable career as skipper of Ashburton in 1862, Kangaroo in 1865, and the wool ship Pekina 1866–1873, 1877.
Alexander McCoy became master of the Marion when Ward became involved with Lubra, and continued until they were wrecked on southern Yorke Peninsula in July 1862.
In 1862 the screw steamer Coorong was built; the company in 1864 purchased Royal Shepherd (244 tons), of which Ward was skipper from 1865 to 1872, and Kangaroo in July 1867.
The Lubra, Kangaroo, and Royal Shepherd had little or no opposition for many years in the South Australian coastal trade.
Joseph Stilling died in 1863, and when Stirling retired the company became Elder, Smith & Co.
Darwent & Dalwood lost a fortune over their involvement with the Overland Telegraph Line and in 1871 sold their shares in the steamships, and Ward also sold out to return to sailing ships.
In 1874 the company sent Capt. Joseph Hay (c. 1832–1894), son-in-law of Henry Fletcher (shipwright) (1820–1912), of Fletcher's "Dunnikier" Slip, to England to commission a new steamer, and in March 1875 brought back the Flinders, that went into the coasting trade, in charge of Capt. T. W. Lockyer (c. 1836–1898). The Adelaide Steamship Company was arguably formed about June 1876, and among its assets were the Flinders, Lubra, Kangaroo, and Royal Shepherd.
Barque Day Dawn
After Ward quit steamers they purchased the barques Wodonga in 1872, Phoenix in 1875 and Day Dawn (frequently Daydawn) in 1878.
Day Dawn is remembered as one on which Frank T. Bullen (author of The Cruise of the Cachalot) served as ship's mate. Hansford Ward's son John was the ship's captain from the start, except on voyages outside Australian waters, when Hansford Ward was (at least nominally) in charge. On one such voyage in 1879, on returning from Nouméa by way of Newcastle with a load of copper ore, they were dismasted and lay in a disabled and distressed condition until rescued by the Ellamang off Cape Moreton.
John Ward skippered them for nine years, then in July 1886 after loading a cargo of railway sleepers at Quindalup, Western Australia a storm came up and blew them onto the shore, where they were wrecked. John Ward returned to Adelaide as chief officer of Collingrove, and shortly after was appointed captain of the Persian Empire plying between Melbourne and San Francisco.
Other activities
For 21 years they were a licensed marine surveyor at Port Adelaide, but relinquished that occupation because of failing health around 1900.
Family
(John Ralph) Hansford Ward (1817–1903) married Jane Best (c. 1819 – 29 March 1887) in August 1840. They were the eldest daughter of (James) Richard Best ( – 1 January 1850); arrived in South Australia aboard Rajasthan in February 1840. Their children included:
(Harry) Hansford Ward (22 April 1850 – 10 June 1916) married Julia Sholl in 1877; they were also a ship's captain.
Harry Lancelot Ward (1881–1955) married Florence Hindmarsh Plumley in 1912
John R(alph) H(ansford) Ward (8 April 1852– ) They were also a seaman, trained with their uncle on Pekina, acting captain of Day Dawn when they were incapacitated 1879, and their captain when they were stranded at Quindalup, Western Australia in 1887. By 1916 they were living in London.
They had a home in Newcastle street, Rosatala ward, Port Adelaide.
Their brother Richard Porter Ward (c. 1823 – 25 March 1898) was captain of barques Bosphorus 1867–1870, Wodonga 1873–1875, and Phoenix 1876–1884. They had several daughters including:
Mary Louisa Ward ( – 1949) married William Henry Saunders (1852 – 26 June 1928) in 1876. They were town clerk of Port Adelaide and brother of amateur historian A. T. Saunders.
References
1817 births
1903 deaths
People from Dorset
Australian sailors
History of Port Adelaide
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Devaalayam is a 1964 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed N. S. Muthukumaran and Ramanathan. The film was produced by Manneth David. The film stars Prem Nazir, Adoor Bhasi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Kedamangalam Sadanandan. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Kedamangalam Sadanandan
T. R. Omana
T. S. Muthaiah
Ambika
J. A. R. Anand
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Mavelikkara Ponnamma
Padmini
S. P. Pillai
Santha Devi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Abhayadev.
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by S. Ramanathan
Charge transfer coefficient, and symmetry factor (symbols α and β, respectively) are two related parameters used in description of the kinetics of electrochemical reactions. They appear in the Butler–Volmer equation and related expressions.
The symmetry factor and the charge transfer coefficient are dimensionless.
According to an IUPAC definition, for a reaction with a single rate-determining step, the charge transfer coefficient for a cathodic reaction (the cathodic transfer coefficient, αc) is defined as:
The anodic transfer coefficient (αa) is defined by analogy:
where:
: stoichiometric number, i.e., the number of activated complexes formed and destroyed in the overall reaction (with n electrons)
: universal gas constant
: absolute temperature
: number of electrons involved in the electrode reaction
: Faraday constant
: electrode potential
: partial cathodic (anodic) current
Significance
The charge transfer coefficient signifies the fraction of the interfacial potential at an electrode-electrolyte interface that helps in lowering the free energy barrier for the electrochemical reaction. The electroactive ion present in the interfacial region experiences the interfacial potential and electrostatic work is done on the ion by a part of the interfacial electric field. It is charge transfer coefficient that signifies this part that is utilized in activating the ion to the top of the free energy barrier.
Batteries and fuel cells
In operating batteries and fuel cells, charge transfer coefficient is the parameter that signifies the fraction of overpotential that affects the current density. This parameter has had a mysterious significance in electrochemical kinetics for over three quarters of the previous century. It can also be said that charge transfer coefficient is the heart of electrode kinetics.
Symmetry factor
The symmetry factor (or barrier symmetry factor) is a coefficient similar to the transfer coefficient, but applicable only to single-step reactions.
The sum of anodic symmetry factor and cathodic symmetry factor is equal to one:
References
Dimensionless numbers of chemistry
Electrochemistry
Otto Ole Schnellbacher (April 15, 1923 – March 10, 2008) was an American football defensive back in the National Football League for the New York Giants. They were a 2-time Pro Bowler. Also a professional basketball player, Schnellbacher played for the Basketball Association of America's Providence Steamrollers and St. Louis Bombers in 1948–49.
In college, Schnellbacher was a two-sport star at the University of Kansas, earning them the nickname "the double threat from Sublette". On the gridiron, Schnellbacher, along with teammate Ray Evans, was KU's first football All-American in 1947. That same season, Schnellbacher led the Jayhawks to a Big 6 conference title and an Orange Bowl berth. Schnellbacher also excelled in basketball, where they were a four-time first-team all-conference selection (one of only three Jayhawks to do so). They were a member of the 1943 Big Six conference championship team (which also featured All-American teammates Charles B. Black and the asupervisorstioned Ray Evans) that is regarded as one of the program's greatest teams.
Schnellbacher died at the age of 84 from cancer.
BAA career statistics
Regular season
Playoffs
References
External links
Obituary at the Kansas City Star
1923 births
2008 deaths
American football defensive backs
American men's basketball players
Deaths from cancer in Kansas
Eastern Conference Pro Bowl players
Kansas Jayhawks football players
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball players
New York Giants players
New York Yankees (AAFC) players
People from Sublette, Kansas
Providence Steamrollers draft picks
Providence Steamrollers players
St. Louis Bombers (NBA) players
Players of American football from Kansas
Basketball players from Kansas
"Sous le ciel de Paris" is a song initially written for the 1951 French film Sous le ciel de Paris, directed by Julien Duvivier.
In the film the song was sung by Jean Bretonnière. In the same year it was recorded by Anny Gould and by Juliette Gréco. Thanks to Juliette Greco and subsequent recordings by artists such as Édith Piaf and Yves Montand the song became a symbol of Paris and France for the whole world.
Writing and composition
The song was written for the film by Hubert Giraud (music) and Jean Dréjac (lyrics).
Other language versions and covers
The song has been also notably recorded by:
Mireille Mathieu (both in French and in German under the title "Unter dem Himmel von Paris")
Zaz, Belinda Carlisle, Mieke & Bart Kaëll (in Dutch under the title "Onder de blauwe lucht van Parijs)
Hildegard Knef (in German under the title "Unter dem Himmel von Paris")
Plácido Domingo with Josh Groban
Florence Coste & Julien Dassin
Lisa Angell
Matthias Lens
André Rieu
Henri Pelissier
Line Renaud
Karrin Allyson (in French under the title "Sous le ciel de Paris (Under Paris Skies)")
Enrico Macias
Willy Bischof
Pablo Alborán
Jill Barber.
English lyrics were written for the song by Kim Gannon. The English version was titled "Under Paris Skies". It was recorded in that form by:
Andy Williams (for their 1960 album Under Paris Skies)
Bing Crosby (for their 1962 LP Holiday in Europe)
Jane Morgan (for their 1964 album The Last Time I Saw Paris)
Sam Cooke
Chris Connor
and many others.
The melody of the song is used as a background for the song "Live Circus" on the concert album Glitter and Doom Live by Tom Waits.
References
1951 songs
Songs written for films
Songs written by Hubert Giraud
Édith Piaf songs
Yves Montand songs
Zaz (singer) songs
Mireille Mathieu songs
Belinda Carlisle songs
Plácido Domingo songs
Josh Groban songs
Andy Williams songs
Bing Crosby songs
Sam Cooke songs
Pablo Alborán songs
Songs with lyrics by Kim Gannon
Songs written by Jean Dréjac
Songs about Paris
Beaudesert was an estate and stately home on the southern edge of Cannock Chase in Staffordshire. It was one of the family seats of the Paget family, the Marquesses of Anglesey. The estate was obtained by William Paget, 1st Baron Paget in 1546; the family's other main seat is at Plas Newydd.
The estate was broken up by the 6th Marquess of Anglesey due to financial difficulties; as a result the furniture was sold off and the fabric of the hall and stables went to auction. Some of the furnishings of the house, including oak panelling and the Waterloo Staircase were taken to Carrick Hill in Adelaide, South Australia. Demolition began in 1935; however, it was never completed and some ruins remain standing.
Today some of the former estate land is used as a Scout and Guide camp and a local wildlife trust and new buildings are used for residential courses. The Grand Lodge built in 1814 still stands at the entrance on Horsey Lane, east of the ruins.
History
The estate at Beaudesert or Beaudesert Park occupied a large portion of the southern area of Cannock Chase. The estate had three distinct areas; Beaudesert Old Park, north of the Hall, the central area which is wooded and included the site of the hall, gardens and the stables, and Beaudesert New Park to the east and south east of the hall.
Beaudesert Old Park formed the largest part of the estate north of the hall. This part of the estate was a deer park and the landscape is wild and dominated by thick forest. It is assumed that the name Beaudesert derived from this landscape, being French in origin and roughly translated to ‘beautiful wilderness'
The first Beaudesert Hall on the site had been occupied as early as 1292 when it was occupied by the Trumwyns of Cannock. Early in the 14th century it was the palace of the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry. Following the reformation by Henry VIII the Bishops were relieved of Beaudesert and in 1546, large parts of Cannock Chase including Beaudesert were given to one of the King's closest advisors, Sir William Paget.
Thomas Paget, 3rd Baron Paget, extensively rebuilt Beaudesert Hall between 1573 and 1583. The house was still unfinished and unfurnished in August 1585, when it was suggested that Mary, Queen of Scots might stay at Beaudesert or Burton Manor while Tutbury Castle was cleansed and sweetened. The distinctive Elizabethan east front dates from this time. The majority of the east front was built out of brick with some stone, which was quarried from Cannock Chase. The Bishops formerly had a house of some importance at Beaudesert and much of the fabric of the great hall built during the 14th century remained during the rebuild.
In 1629 the Paget family sold the entire estate to James Fitzhugh. The Fitzhugh family managed their estates in Staffordshire, Shropshire and Mid-Wales from Beaudesert Hall until 1732 when the Paget family acquired much of the estate once more. The West Front however remained in the ownership of the Fitzhugh's who leased that portion of the estate to the Paget's.
The next significant work on the Hall came in the 18th century under the ownership of Henry Paget. James Wyatt remodelled the interior of the hall in 1771-72. It was at this time when the courtyard was removed and the coach house and stables were erected of white stone in the form of a crescent, 100-150 yards north of the hall. By this time the hall could be approached from nine perimeter lodges. Eight of these lodges still remain as residential dwellings. Grand Lodge, east of the hall was the main entrance. Built in 1814 by John Shaw, the building has many architectural features that were present in the hall. In the 1820s, Joseph Potter made some minimal changes to the exterior but inside much of the original plasterwork and wood was replaced, with Potter also adding a billiard room.
A fire occurred at Beaudesert on 5 November 1909 and a large amount of money was spent by the 6th Marquess in securing the West Front of the estate from the Fitzhugh family and renovating the house and replacing much of what had been done by the predecessors and return to the work conceived by the 3rd Baron Paget. Not a lot of work was done to the exterior of the house except to the west and to the porch on the east front, which was returned to its 16th-century appearance.
In 1920 the 6th Marquess left to live at Plas Newydd on Anglesey. The furniture they did not take with them was sold off during the summer of 1921. Heavy taxation after the Great War meant that the Marquess could no longer afford to maintain the property at Beaudesert, so it was put up for sale. The house was offered to many public bodies, colleges and school authorities but in every case it was found to be unsuitable for purpose.
In 1932 Beaudesert and about 2,000 acres of adjoining land went on sale at auction in Lichfield. No buyer was found for the estate, although the nine lodges were all purchased. In 1935 a further sale was held to sell off the fabric of the hall and stables including fixtures and fittings. The sale for the whole of the fabric of the hall and stables recouped £8,000, and some 20,000 ft2 of wood paneling were taken away to grace other buildings. Demolition began in 1935, however was not entirely completed as the demolition firm became bankrupt during the work.
The Mansion
The Great Hall was a room of some size, 80 ft long by 22 ft wide. The floor of the room was Hopton Wood stone, and it had a panelled wagon roofed ceiling. The wall were panelled to 10 ft high in old oak, and above the panelling hung 17th century tapestries. On the south wall were several traceried windows, consisting of two tiers of four very narrow lights. The upper lights were trefoil headed having such massive framework that the central shaft is equal in width to the lights. On the west wall was a stone mullioned leaded light window some 20 ft in height.
One of the most notable features of the hall was the Waterloo Staircase. It was installed by the 1st Marquess after the battle in 1815. The staircase was situated to the right of the upper part of the entrance hall. It had 15 carved newel posts which were surmounted by openwork carved oak lanterns and balustrades. The staircase was bought by Edward and Ursula Hayward and removed to Carrick Hill, Australia in 1935, where it was reassembled and is now on public display. Carrick Hill House also has certain fireplace and panelling on display which were once part of Beaudesert.
An oak linen fold screen which once stood between the entrance hall and the great hall is now at the museum which houses the Burrell Collection in Glasgow. During demolition many of the bricks from Beaudesert were taken to re-face St James's Palace, which had suffered from pollution as a result of coal smoke.
The Gardens
The gardens at Beaudesert (designed by landscape gardener Humphry Repton) were quite large and extended from the hall to Castle Ring. A wide pathway called the Broad Walk ran the length of the gardens. The lower end of Broad Walk near the hall had yew hedge on either side which had topiary in the form of 24 peacock shapes. From Broad Walk access could be gained to the terrace sitting room on the first floor of the hall, this was gained by the way of a stone terrace beneath which and supporting it on the lawn side were several stone arches. The most outstanding feature of the gardens was a chain of about seven lily ponds. The water would fall from the first pond high up in the garden and cascade by the way of waterfalls into the next one until the water from the last pool but one ran under a stone bridge and then cascaded into the pond nearest to the hall by the way of a 14 ft high waterfall. The gardens were landscapes with ornamental shrubs such as azaleas, rhododendrons and mahonias, these are all still present today and contrast with the surrounding pine forest landscape. In 1937 Lord Anglesey gave 123 acres of land on which the gardens stood to the scouts, guides and other associations and organisations having similar purposes. The Beaudesert Trust was set up to administer the land. A camping site was opened on 2 July 1938 by H.R.H. The Princess Royal. Since then the camp has been used by the scout groups using the site.
Restoration
The ruins were protected with Grade II listed building status in 1953. Currently The Beaudesert Trust which owns the remains and gardens is applying to stabilise the ruins and restore the gardens to their original state. The standing ruins consist of three main components; the south wall of the Great Hall, a parallel wall which formed the north side of the Great Hall with an attached fragment of the west wing and the north west angle of the house. The south wall still retains something of its 15th-century character, including some good-quality ashlar masonry, the principal windows, a window lighting the dais, and the remains of a possible fireplace, also associated with the dais.
See also
Listed buildings in Longdon, Staffordshire
References
External links
Staffordshire Wildlife Trust
Beaudesert Camp Site
Carrick Hill
Country houses in Staffordshire
Buildings and structures demolished in 1935
Demolished buildings and structures in England
Grade II listed buildings in Staffordshire
Paget family
Former country houses in the United Kingdom
British country houses destroyed in the 20th century
Gardens by Capability Brown
Cannock Chase
Eraldo Pecci (; born 12 April 1955) is an Italian writer, pundit, and former footballer, who played as a midfielder.
Club career
During their club career, Pecci played for Bologna, Fiorentina, S.S.C. Napoli and Torino, winning a Coppa Italia with Bologna, and a Serie A title with Torino.
International career
Pecci represented the Italy national football team on 6 occasions between 1975 and 1978, and they were a member of the 1978 FIFA World Cup squad, during which Italy managed a fourth-place finish.
Honours
Club
Bologna
Coppa Italia: 1973–74
Torino
Serie A: 1975–76
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Italy international footballers
1978 FIFA World Cup players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Torino F.C. players
ACF Fiorentina players
S.S.C. Napoli players
L.R. Vicenza players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Association football midfielders
The Inkigayo Chart is a music program record chart that gives an award to the best-performing single of the week in South Korea. The chart measured digital performance in domestic online music services (60%), social media via YouTube views (35%), and advanced viewer votes (5%), in its ranking methodology. The candidates for the number-one song of the week received additional points from live votes.
Chart history
Notes
References
2014 in South Korean music
2014 record charts
Lists of number-one songs in South Korea
Queer Eye is an American reality television series that aired on Bravo from 2003 to 2007. On January 24, 2017, Netflix announced it has ordered a new season of Queer Eye with eight episodes, with the original Fab Five set to be replaced by new members.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2003–04)
Season 2 (2004–05)
Season 3 (2005–06)
Season 4 (2006)
Season 5 (2007)
References
External links
Lists of American non-fiction television series episodes
"I'm Fakin" is a song by American singer Sabrina Carpenter from their fourth studio album Singular: Act II (2019), which served as the fourth track of the album. The track was written by Carpenter, Jackson Morgan, Katie Pearlman and the songs producers Mauricio Rengifo and Andrés Torres. Hollywood Records released the song on July 12, 2019 as Singular: Act II's first promotional single, a week before the album's release. With tropical house and pop influences, it is a tropical song which lyrics discuss the ups and downs of a relationship.
Release
During Carpenter's performance on Good Morning America's Summer Concert Series on July 5, 2019, concert-goers were airdropped a clip of the song and a message saying it would be released on July 12, 2019. Hollywood Records nor Carpenter confirmed or denied this until July 11, 2019. The song was released that night.
Critical reception
Mike Neid of Idolator said it is "one of the catchiest songs we've heard from the project yet" and that it is an "irresistible and relatable bop".
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Sabrina Carpenter - vocals, songwriting
Jackson Morgan - songwriting
Katie Pearlman - songwriting
Mauricio Rengifo - production, songwriting, programming, arrangement, engineering, studio personnel, synthesizer
Andrés Torres - production, songwriting, electric guitar, programming, arrangement, engineering, studio personnel, synthesizer
Tim Watt - assistant recording engineer, studio personnel
Will Quinnell - assistant recording engineer, studio personnel
Eric J Dubowsky - mixing, studio personnel
Release history
References
Sabrina Carpenter songs
2019 songs
Songs written by Sabrina Carpenter
Song recordings produced by Andrés Torres (producer)
Songs written by Mauricio Rengifo
Songs written by Andrés Torres (producer)
Essex Technical High School is a career technical high school located in Hathorne, Massachusetts, United States which is a sub-section of Danvers, Massachusetts. was opened in the Fall of 2016 after the merger of North Shore Technical High School and Essex Agricultural & Technical High School, along with several programs from Peabody Vocational School.
Career Technical Education Academy Model
Essex Technical High School is composed of four Academies. Each academy has its own associate principal, guidance counselors, and other support staff. Career Technical Education Programs are divided into the following academies:
Animal & Plant Science Academy (A): Companion Animals, Equine Science, Natural Resource Management, Sustainable Horticulture, Veterinary Technology
Technology & Services Academy (B): Advanced Manufacturing, Automotive Collision Repair & Refinishing, Automotive Technology, Culinary Arts, Design & Visual Communications, Graphic Communications, Information Technology Services
Life & Natural Science Academy (D): Biotechnology, Cosmetology, Dental Assisting, Environmental Technology, Health Assisting
Construction Technology Academy (E): Arboriculture, Carpentry, Electricity, Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning & Refrigeration, Landscaping & Turf Management, Masonry & Tile Setting, Plumbing
References
External links
Public high schools in Massachusetts
2016 establishments in Massachusetts
Schools in Essex County, Massachusetts
Saint John's Academy is a CO-ED, day-cum-residential school situated at Mirzapur Road, Allahabad. It provides education from Pre-Nursery to Class XII and is affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations., New Delhi.
History
Saint John's Academy was founded in 1993 by Mr. C. V. Innes, Mrs. D. Innes, Mrs. Shilpi Mitchell and Mr. Mitchell Innes under the "Society for Promotion of Education, Adventure Sports and Conservation of the Environment" (P.E.A.C.E.).
Facilities and extracurricular
The school hosts "Invictus", a district level annual inter-school competition.
References
External links
Official website
Boarding schools in Uttar Pradesh
Private schools in Uttar Pradesh
Primary schools in Uttar Pradesh
High schools and secondary schools in Uttar Pradesh
Schools in Allahabad
Educational institutions established in 1993
1993 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Zanclognatha pedipilalis, the grayish zanclognatha, is a litter moth of the family Erebidae. The species was first described by Achille Guenée in 1854. It is found in eastern North America, from Nova Scotia south to Florida and Mississippi, west to Alberta and Kansas.
The wingspan is . Adults are on wing from May to August. There is one generation in the north, with a partial second brood in Connecticut. There are two broods in Missouri and multiple generations in Florida.
The larvae feed on dead leaves in deciduous woods.
External links
pedipilalis
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Achille Guenée
Hazel Bess Laugenour (1899–1960) was an undergraduate at the University of California at Berkeley in literature when they became the first woman to swim across the Golden Gate Strait, which separates the Pacific Ocean from San Francisco Bay on August 19, 1911.
Laugenour capitalized on their international fame by making several movies (one of which is in the collection of the National Film Archives) and touring the country to promote the movies with an elaborate presentation which included a very large transparent swimming tank, complete with pump motor to approximate tidal conditions. As they were preparing to swim The English Channel, World War I broke out, ending that ambition. They married Timothy Edmund Fogg (also of the University of California at Berkeley in Mining Engineering and a Sigma Chi) and had a daughter, Joan Fogg. Laugenour traced their family's history back to The Black Forest, and Winston-Salem, North Carolina, in Colonial times.
References
Female long-distance swimmers
1889 births
1960 deaths
Vaudeville performers
The Bolivian earthcreeper (Tarphonomus harterti) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Bolivia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
SACC (2007). Recognize the genus Tarphonomus for two "Upucerthia". Accessed 2008-10-28.
External links
Image at ADW
Birds of Bolivia
Tarphonomus
Endemic birds of Bolivia
Birds described in 1892
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M13".
Lines
Minobayashi Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 26.4 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station, which is unstaffed, consists of a side platform serving a single track. There is no station building, only a shelter on the platform for waiting passengers. A ramp leads up to the platform from the access road.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways (JGR) opened Minobayashi Station on 27 March 1936 as an intermediate station during the first phase of the construction of the Mugi Line when a track was built from to . The station building was destroyed in a fire in the summer of 1986. On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, JR Shikoku took over control of the Station.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 614 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Anan City Minobayashi Elementary School
Anan City Anan Junior High School
Anan National College of Technology
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1936
Anan, Tokushima
Faisal Ali (born 29 December 1998) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Bengaluru in the Indian Super League.
Career
Early career
Born in India, Faisal Ali started their professional football career with Bhawanipore FC. They were also part of Bhawanipore which played I-League Qualifiers which held in October 2020.
Mohammedan SC
On 7 November 2020, Faisal joined I-league club Mohammedan SC on a 2-year deal. On 9 January 2021, Faisal made their debut for Mohammedan and on 58th minute they scored their first goal for the club.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Mohammedan Sporting
Calcutta Football League: 2021
I-League: 2021–22
Bengaluru
Durand Cup: 2022
References
1999 births
Living people
Indian footballers
Southern Samity players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from West Bengal
I-League players
Bhawanipore FC players
Mohammedan SC (Kolkata) players
Bengaluru FC players
The cleft chin murder was a killing which occurred as part of a string of crimes during 1944, and was mentioned in George Orwell's essay "Decline of the English Murder". It became known as the "cleft chin murder" because the murder victim, George Edward Heath, a taxi driver, had a cleft chin.
The culprits were Karl Hultén, a Swedish-born deserter from the U.S. Army, and Elizabeth Jones, an eighteen-year-old waiter.
Jones later said they dreamed of "doing something exciting," and fantasized about being a stripper. At the time, Hultén described themselves as an officer and as a Chicago gangster, both of which were false.
History
Jones was born in Neath, Wales, in 1926. At the age of thirteen they ran away from home and eventually they were sent to an approved school because they were considered to be "beyond parental control."
Hultén was born in Sweden in 1922 and had enlisted in the U.S. Army after the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
On 3 October 1944, Jones met Hultén in a tea shop. The relationship lasted only six days. During that time they knocked over a nurse cycling along a country lane and robbed her; picked up a hitchhiker, knocked their unconscious, robbed her, and then threw them into a river to drown (though they survived); finally, they murdered taxi driver George Edward Heath near Staines in Middlesex. They robbed Heath of £8, which they spent at the dog races the next day.
Initially Hultén had stolen an army truck, which they eventually abandoned, but they kept the murdered taxi driver's car. After spending the taxi driver's £8, Jones announced they wanted a fur coat. Hultén attacked a woman in the street and tried to snatch their coat, but the police came and Hultén only just managed to escape in the stolen car.
They were eventually caught because the car was still in their possession. In the meantime Jones had gone to the police and admitted to the crimes, to ease their conscience. During the trial they implicated each other. They were both found guilty of murdering Heath and were sentenced by Mr Justice Charles to be hanged. While Hultén was executed at Pentonville Prison on 8 March 1945, Jones was reprieved and released in May 1954. Them subsequent fate is unknown, although series 1 episode 6 of the television series Murder Maps reports their death as occurring in 1980.
The reprieve caused some controversy, because many people considered the crimes to be cowardly, and in a war-torn Britain where everyone was pulling together to face a common enemy, almost treasonous. "SHE SHOULD HANG" was graffitied in several places in Jones's home town. A number of references to the murder appear in the contemporary diary of Arthur Basil Cottle (1917-1994), the Bletchley Park cryptanalyst. They range from the outrage of their landlady, "Mrs Read, quite desolee, about the Jones reprieve", to the aside by a Foreign Office civilian at Bletchley, Audrey Clare Stobart, "Clare is getting very witty - their remark about men wanting to marry Jones because it'll be safer than taking up taxi-driving."
Cultural references
The crime spree was documented in an episode, "The Jack Handle", of the 1950s radio crime anthology The Black Museum, starring Orson Welles.
A film, Chicago Joe and the Showgirl was made in 1990, based on the story, directed by Bernard Rose, written by David Yallop, and starring Emily Lloyd as Elizabeth Jones, Kiefer Sutherland as Karl, and Patsy Kensit.
References
Decline of the English Murder, George Orwell
https://web.archive.org/web/20170807113613/http://www.stephen-stratford.com/chelft_chin_case.htm
External links
Murder in England
1944 murders in the United Kingdom
1944 in England
Knajka is a stream in the Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia. It is a left tributary of the Vistula, which it enters just south of Strumień. Its length is either or . It flows through Ogrodzona, Kostkowice, Dębowiec, Knaj and Bąków. Numerous fish ponds are located alongside of it.
The name of the river is derived from a word knieja denoting a wild, dense forest.
Notes
References
Rivers of Poland
Rivers of Silesian Voivodeship
Cieszyn County
Cieszyn Silesia
The twist-necked turtle (Platemys platycephala), also known as the flat-headed turtle, is distributed widely across northern South America. Twistoofnecked turtles have extremely flat shells that help them hide from predators under rocks and debris. When threatened, this turtle withdraws by twisting its head into its shell. P. platycephala is the only species of the genus Platemys and occurs in northern and central South America. Platemys platycephala means “flat turtle, flat-head” and accurately describes the structure of the head and shell. This species inhabits shallow creek beds and frequently forages on the floor of the Amazon rainforest for insects, amphibians, and mollusks. Camouflage, head and body shape, and advanced sexual anatomy allow this species of turtle to effectively populate much of South America. Mating occurs during rainy months (March–December) and egg deposit occurs during dry months (January–March). Males have been known to behave aggressively towards females during copulation by squirting water from nostrils and biting. A few genomic studies show mosaicism exists among populations of the twist-necked turtle in Surinam. In other words, diploid and triploid levels exist among individuals at this particular location. No threats have been reported for this species and the International Union for Conservation of Nature does not have a current listing. Lack of human consumption due to the species' small size and its wide range explain why scientists are not concerned about this turtle species.
Diagnosis
The twist-necked turtle now represents the only species of Platemys and can be distinguished from close relatives (Acanthochelys) by its doubly flat body plan, both a flattened shell and a flattened head. Also, this turtle displays an unusual dual grooved pattern on the carapace. P. platycephala inhabits a wide range compared to other Acanthochelys turtles. Two subspecies, P. p. platycephala and P. p. melanonota is described based on the color pattern. Camouflage is highly useful for the twist-necked turtle because it inhabits shallow pools and creek beds. The orange and brown head pattern makes it difficult to spot from above because of similarly colored leaf litter along small pools and creek beds. Other distinctions include a hook at the base of the foot for copulation in males and a specialized opening at the base of the plastron for oviposition (egg deposit).
Description
P. platycephala is a medium-sized turtle ranging from 14 to 18 cm in shell length. Females are slightly smaller on average, with shorter tails. The carapace (top portion of the shell) is elliptical and flattened with two raised portions (keels) forming a trough (depression). The carapace is orange to yellow-brown and black in various amounts depending on subspecies. The plastron (lower portion of the shell) is dark brown or black in color while the bridge (side portion of the shell) is yellow with a black bar across. The consistency of these bars also depends on subspecies. Face and neck patterns consist of orange or yellow-brown dorsal stripes and black ventral and lateral stripes. The head is small, triangular, smooth, and undivided. The neck has some conical tubercles- rounded projections and scales that protect against predator attack.
P. platycephala is a member of the Pleurodira- a suborder of turtles. These turtles withdraw their heads into their shells by bending their necks sideways instead of straight back like Cryptodira. The snout projects slightly and the irises are brown. Black limbs contain large anterior scales, while the tail is short and black. Intermediate webbing exists on both anterior and posterior limbs because this turtle moves in water and on land.
Genetics
A few interesting genetics studies exist for the twist-necked turtle. Bickham et al. (1993) performed a small-scale cytological survey on the ploidy levels (number of sets of chromosomes) for somatic and gametic cells on a few specimens in Suriname. The authors examined multiple tissues (spleen, liver, blood, testis) of six specimens (five males, one female) and found cells contained various ploidy levels within and among individuals. One male individual even consisted of triploid-tetraploid cells. More genetic variation was found with respect to diploid (2n) to triploid (3n) ratio occurred among individuals than within individuals. Also, diploid cells exclusively participated in meiosis and subsequent sexual reproduction for males, so balanced gametes and normal fertility occurred.
This is a rare event because of the limited viable polyploid individuals that occur in natural vertebrate populations. The lizard genus Lacerta and fish genus Phoxinus is the only other known examples of diploid-triploid mosaicism. Additionally, P. platycephala contains several combinations of ploidy level (x n) in various cell or tissue types. This phenomenon is known as mosaicism or chimerism. In a follow-up study, Bickham & Hanks (2009) performed cytogenetic analysis of the twist-necked turtle to determine how widespread this process is throughout South America, and discovered normal diploid populations exist in Bolivia, while variable mosaic populations persist in Suriname. Additionally, Darr et al. (2006) found turtle populations from French Guiana had increased triploid frequency compared to both Bolivia and Suriname. Several hypotheses were tested using phylogenetic data from mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), but a high level of divergence was found for the three monophyletic populations.
Distribution
The twist-necked turtle inhabits a large area throughout northern and central South America, from the southern Orinoco drainage in Venezuela to the Amazon basin. However, P. platycephala does not inhabit large rivers, but instead is found in shallow creeks and on forest floors.
Ernst (1983) surveyed the extensive geographical range of the twist-necked turtle and determined the presence of a dark subspecies in its western range. The author uses the "Quaternary forest refuge theory" to explain the existence of this subspecies. The theory is based on significant climatic changes occurring in and around the equator during the Quaternary period. During these climatic changes of glaciation, the northern rainforests of South America received less rainfall and deteriorated, then subsequently expanded during interglaciation. This change caused allopatric speciation to occur among many species and gave rise to a new subspecies - P. p. melanonota.
Subspecies
Two subspecies exist for the twist-necked turtle; P. p. platycephala inhabits most of the central and eastern territory (Brazil, Guianas, Venezuela, Colombia, Bolivia and most of its Peruvian range), while P. p. melanonata inhabits the western territory (Ecuador and adjacent northern Peru). The chief distinction between these subspecies is the carapace coloration. P. p. melanonata, (western twist-necked turtle or black-backed twist-necked turtle), has an entirely dark brown or black top shell.
Ecology
The coloration and shape of the carapace, head, and feet help conceal this species of turtle from Amazon predator species. Naturally, twist-necked individuals prefer amphibian eggs and consume various insects, mollusks (snails and slugs), amphibians, and some plant life through terrestrial and aquatic foraging. In captivity, specimens can flourish on reptile food, vegetables, insects, worms, and even fish. P. platycephala is likely to be found in shallow pools and can inhabit dry areas for long periods of time. Several individuals can even become heavily parasitized by leeches (81 suckers found on one turtle) during the dormant dry season and suffer accordingly.
Life history
The young or hatchlings typically resemble parents except for brighter coloration. Twist-necked hatchlings measure around 4–6 cm in carapace length and about 20 g or 0.04 lbs. Mating typically occurs during the rainy season of the Amazon rainforest (late March to early December). Males follow females, mount from behind, then proceed to rub their chin barbels (fleshy filament) against the top of females' heads. Some authors also report violent biting and water expulsion from the males' nostrils during copulation. Coupling has been observed on land and in water, and usually occurs late in the afternoon or at night. Oviposition occurs during the dry season (late December to early March) when the female deposits a large, oval egg (around 5 cm long and 2.5 cm wide). Many herpetologists report females depositing another egg a few weeks later while some recreational collectors report multiple eggs at a time. Shallow indentations are made to deposit eggs, and then they are lightly covered by sand and/or leaf litter.
Conservation
P. platycephala is rarely hunted for human consumption due to its small size. In captivity, this turtle is susceptible to fungal infections and is not considered a beginner's species. Very few have managed to breed it, and most seen in captivity were taken from the wild. France placed this species on its list of protected species for French Guiana and prohibits the capture of any specimens, for hunting, trading, etc. The IUCN Red List does not currently list this species. Additionally, the USGS reports a few twist-necked specimens were found on a southern Florida golf course, but no impact on native species is expected to occur.
References
Platemys
Turtles of South America
Fauna of the Amazon
Reptiles of Brazil
Reptiles of Colombia
Reptiles of Ecuador
Reptiles of French Guiana
Reptiles of Guyana
Reptiles of Peru
Reptiles of Suriname
Reptiles described in 1792
Hypotrachyna taylorensis is a species of foliose lichen in the family Parmeliaceae. Described by M.E. Mitchell in 1961, and transferred to genus Hypotrachyna by Mason Hale in 1975, the lichen occurs in the Appalachian region of North America.
References
taylorensis
Lichen species
Lichens described in 1961
Lichens of North America
Jamaica Labrish is a poetry compilation written by Louise Bennett-Coverley. The 1966 version published by Sangsters is 244 pages long with an introduction by Rex Nettleford and includes a four-page glossary, as the poems are written mainly in Jamaican Patois. There are 128 poems in the book, and they tend to follow the ballad-quintrain style of writing. Nettleford says that "read at the proper pace the poem becomes almost a tongue-twister." The poems are sectioned into four parts: "City Life", "War Time", "Politics" and "Jamaica – Now An' Then". Every poem opens up with a small blurb as to what they are about, including historical insight and context.
Significance, style and text
The Oxford Living Dictionary Online says the term "labrish" most likely originated from the phrase "verbal blabber" but is defined literally as "gossip" - the origin of the word being West Indian. Jamaica Labrish is written in patois, which is defined as the “dialect of the common people of a region, differing in various respects from the standard language of the rest of the country”. The online, Urban Dictionary-style website Jamaican Patwah defines labrish as “gossip or chit-chat”.
Rex Nettleford points out an important factor to keep in mind when looking at Louise Bennett's work, specifically Jamaica Labrish – that most of their work was meant to be performed.
Introduction by Rex Nettleford
In the 1966 publication of Jamaica Labrish, Nettleford's introduction describes Louise Bennett's work as "unique". The introduction explains and praises the nature of Bennett's art: Nettleford claims that “as an artist they know what is exactly the proof of the pudding and they make the authenticity of their dialect verses speak for itself”.
Nettleford mentions that there are other poets who do not necessarily view Bennett as a poet. They state: “there are others who would feel it is improper to endow them with the name of poet, though they would generously crown them as the leading entertainer in Jamaica's comedy-lore, whether on stage, television or radio”. However, Nettleford also points out that Mervyn Morris describes Bennett as “the only poet who has really hit the truth about society through its own language”.
In the last line of the first section of the introduction, Nettleford says that “it is hoped that the volume will reveal Miss Bennett in their multiple roles as an entertainer, as a valid literary figure and as a documenter of aspects of Jamaican life, thought and feeling”.
Criticism
Mervyn Morris is one of the very few people who are considered a critic of Louise Bennett's work. Nettleford says "Miss Bennett's writing suffers from not having had a tradition of criticism. Mervyn Morris in their paper already referred to, has been the only person who has taken the trouble to discuss Miss Bennett's work in detail and with commendable critical awareness." Analayzing what this means, Nettleford goes on to say more on this: "The absence of more serious literary analysis is a commentary on the prevailing ignorance that envelops the subject of the Jamaican dialect." The absence Nettleford speaks of pertains to how, mentioned before, there are people who do not take Bennett seriously as a poet.
In their paper "Louise Bennett in Print", Morris disagrees with Nettleford saying that Jamaica Labrish is not the best example of Bennett's writing because, as they say, “although some aspects of their verse is clarified and/or enhanced in performance, there are others more fully appreciated by a reader savouring text." They do not believe that there is an easy way to criticize Labrish through a literary lens: "Not enough is known about the language which they use for us to be sure about what are 'the best of the others' though the rigid application of criteria born of a tradition of English literary criticism could, I daresay, disqualify a great many of the pieces."
Poems
“Govanah” is a poem that discusses the year 1943 when the current governor of Jamaica, Sir Arthur Richards, was to be transferred. The blurb at the beginning of this poem in Labrish says that Richards was a "strong man who believed in the maintenance of law and order". Despite this, Richards "reputedly made many friends among Jamaicans" and was even partially responsible for the 1944 Constitution "introducing adult suffrage". The last part of the poem reflects the people of Jamaica's thoughts on this and how in the future the constitution might need a "strong man like Richards to see it through". Bennett writes: "Ef is soh Jamaica changible, Doah me is a Jamaican, Me dah-trimble, for me narvas bout dis new Cons'itution". The poem reflects the people being nervous for how the new constitution will be written and amended.
The poem following "Govanah" is one called "New Govanah", which discusses the time when Sir John Huggins replaced Sir Richards. The historical information at the beginning of this poem says, "If Richards was the pill, then Sir John Huggins was the sweet coating to cut the bitter taste." Morris considers "New Govanah", the poem following "Govanah" to be one of the poems within Labrish, to be a "fine example of Miss Bennett's ironic skills". The poem pins the governor up against the lack of agricultural products and money in Jamaica. It references things like white rice and a "t'ree month war bonus" which is pay given to those whose husbands were currently deployed during a time of war, according to Morris, though they do not mention which war. White rice, at the time, was less available than brown rice. Since the poem is essentially taking the value of the governor and pinning it against the value of "commodities" in Jamaica, Morris points out that the governor is the white rice (literally because they are white) and "less available than the brown people".
The poem "Duty Bound" is about governor Sir Hugh Foot and their wife leaving Jamaica. The historical blurb at the beginning of this poem describes it as a "farewell tribute to him". The people of Jamaica are sad that the Foots are leaving. Bennett writes: "De Govanah was popula! An dat is not noh lie, de whole Jamaica sad fe tell de Goavanah goodbye." The line "Mix up wid we art an Drama; Teck een every line an word, you want hear govanah an wife, hall(a) Chi Chi Bird" refers to an old Jamaican folk song called "Chi Chi Bud". Bud is the dialect for 'bird'. They do not sing the song in the correct dialect the folksong was written in. This poem is teasing the governor and their wife, but in a loving way, because of how much this governor was loved.
References
1966 books
Poetry collections
Cenodocus antennatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by James Thomson in 1864. It is known from Malaysia, Java, Borneo, Laos and Sumatra.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1864
John Arscott (1613-1675), of Tetcott, Devon, was Sheriff of Devon in 1675.
W. G. Hoskins described the Arscotts as one of the ancient families of freeholders that rose to the ranks of the squirearchy over a period of 300 years or so by the steady accumulation of property, mostly through marriage. Originating at Arscott (now known as South Arscott, north of the town of Holsworthy) in the time of Henry III,, a junior branch of the family moved to Tetcott in about 1550.
John Arscott was the eldest son and heir of Edmund Arscott (1588–1656), of Tetcott, by their wife Mary Walrond (died 1652), daughter of William Walrond (died 1627) of Bradfield, Uffculme. Arthur Arscott (1554–1618), the sheriff's grandfather built a new manor house at Tetcott in 1603.
They married Gertrude Calmady (1622–1699), a daughter of Sir Shilston Calmady (1585–1645) of Langdon, Wembury, who was killed during the Civil War during the siege of Ford Abbey. In 1638 John's sister Mary Arscott had married Gertrude's half-brother John Calmady (1614 – before 1645) in Ashwater parish.
John Arscott died childless and was buried on 25 September 1675 at Tetcott. Their heir was their nephew John Arscott (died 1708) of Tetcott (the son of their younger brother William), who married as their second wife Prudence, of unrecorded family. The younger John's third son was Dennis Arscott (1685–1721) of Ethy, Cornwall, Sheriff of Cornwall and their daughter was Jane Arscott (born 1678) who in 1699 married Sir John Molesworth, 3rd Baronet, whose later descendants inherited Tetcott in 1788.
A mural monument to John Arscott exists in the Arscott Chapel of Holy Cross Church, Tetcott.
References
Sources
Hoskins, W.G., A New Survey of England: Devon, London, 1959. (first published 1954)
Pevsner, Nikolaus & Cherry, Bridget, The Buildings of England: Devon, London, 2004.
Risdon, Tristram (d.1640), Survey of Devon, 1810 edition, London, 1810, p. 250
Vivian, Lt.Col. J.L., (Ed.) The Visitations of the County of Devon, Comprising the Heralds' Visitations of 1531, 1564 & 1620. 2 vols, Exeter, 1895.
High Sheriffs of Devon
is a railway station in Nishiawakura, Aida District, Okayama Prefecture, Japan, operated by the third-sector semi-public railway operator Chizu Express.
Lines
Awakura-Onsen Station is served by the Chizu Express Chizu Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Chizu Express
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
The 1977 International cricket season was from May 1977 to August 1977.
Season overview
June
Australia in England
References
1977 in cricket
Food security in the Central Valley, California, United states is a widespread issue. The Central Valley is where most of the state's and the nation's agriculture is produced. Despite this, many people living and working in the valley's agriculture industry are food insecure in some way, with contributing factors including lack of food sources, lack of healthy food choices, or income barriers. About a third of many Central Valley counties' populations were documented as food insecure in 2009. Due to the lack of healthy food choices, high rates of obesity have also been found in the Central Valley.
Demographics
Most farmworkers are young, poor, Mexican males.
Otherwise, the demographics of the Central Valley vary due to the size of the Central Valley, which is 450 miles long and 40–60 miles wide. The valley spans from Redding down to Bakersfield and is made up of two valleys: the northern Sacramento Valley and the southern San Joaquin Valley. It contains 19 counties.
Race
The counties within the Northern part of the valley have the lowest Hispanic populations, whereas the central/southern counties have increasingly more Hispanic people within the counties.
Poverty rates
The national average percent of people living in poverty is 14.7%. All but three counties show percentages above the national average, with several counties having over 20% of their populations living in poverty. One county, Tulare County, has a stark 27.2% of its population living in poverty, almost double the national average.
In Fresno County, California in 2015 the total number of Hispanic families below the poverty level with and without children under eighteen was 2,613 families.
farmworkers/operators numbers
77,850 farmworkers and operators were recorded in the 2012 census; however, this number is likely higher because agricultural census information may not account for undocumented workers. In 2013, it was estimated that there were 350,000 agriculture workers in California, half of which were undocumented. A California Institute for Rural Studies publication found that undocumented people were more likely to face food insecurity. Indigenous farmworkers are more susceptible to food insecurity because they often don't have access to government services that help food insecure families.
The counties with the most agricultural workers and operators were Fresno (5,838 people total), Tulare (4,931 people total), and Stanislaus (4,143).
Average Median Household Income
The average Median Household Income in California is $55,775. The only two counties that have substantially higher Median Household Income are El Dorado County ($75,575) and Placer County ($76,203). All other counties have lower Median Household Incomes, with Tulare ($42,637), Tehama ($40,292), and Merced ($42,879) having the three lowest Median Household Incomes within the Central Valley.
Accessibility issues
Despite varying demographics, farmworkers in the Central Valley face similar challenges. Although the region is one of the largest agricultural regions in the United States, it still suffers from food accessibility issues.
Food Deserts
Food deserts are areas that do not have healthy foods available, or in some cases, any food at all. Barriers include physical distance to stores and the number of stores, but also individual and neighborhood barriers such as income and public transport availability, respectively. This problem is especially prevalent in the Central Valley, where California farm laborers are often unable to afford or physically access healthy foods. Studies done in Salinas and Fresno showed that in both places, well over a third of farmworker respondents were food insecure. The numbers are even higher with indigenous workers, of which 93% survey respondents suffer from household food insecurity. It is not uncommon for many of these workers to be undocumented, leaving them vulnerable because they have limited access government resources.
Food swamps
Food swamps are regions where sources of unhealthy foods outnumber sources of healthy, fresh foods. It describes areas in which there is not a lack of food, but areas where there are many food options that are nutritionally deficient, typically high calorie but not high quality. Populations who live in food swamps, such as the urban poor, are often unable to obtain fruits, vegetables, and other unprocessed foods. Some commonly seen components of food swamps are corner stores and fast food restaurants. Corner stores are an important feature in food swamps as they have a lot of influence on the diets of residents due to their accessibility, combined with the simultaneous inaccessibility of supermarkets. Higher numbers of corner stores have been observed in low income communities and communities with large minority populations.
Living in a food swamp can be considered a type of food insecurity since according to the USDA Economic Research Service, low food security is defined as “reduced quality, variety, or desirability of diet” with “little or no indication of reduced food intake,” and food swamps have very little quality and variety of diet. Food security encompasses both the physical availability of food, but also the choices that are or are not available.
Environmental justice
Food deserts and swamps are related to environmental justice through the subset of food justice. Many consequences arise from the food insecurity seen in the Valley, such as disproportionate impacts on certain populations, public health implications, and lack of sustainability in how food is produced and provided (i.e. conventional/industrial agriculture, farmworker rights). For example, some common public health issues in the area include obesity, overweight, poverty, and hunger. The region is very agriculturally productive but still faces hunger and obesity problems. Accessibility is a factor in health, as seen in areas without supermarkets, where people tend to rely heavily on corner stores for food, which mostly sell processed snack foods, alcohol, doughnuts, and sugary beverages. California farmworkers also face increased health problems, including high blood pressure, high cholesterol, or high glucose levels, with one-fifth of male farmworkers having at least two of the above. In particular, childhood obesity is prevalent; Latino children face higher rates of childhood obesity than non-Latino children. As a result, studies have prompted the creation of programs (such as the Central California Regional Obesity Prevention Program (CCROPP) and the Central Alliance with Family Farmers (CAFF)) to promote healthy eating habits and exercise.
Many Latino households in the Central Valley suffer from food insecurity in the form of limited access to fruits and vegetables. A large portion of these households are likely to have at least one family member working as a farm laborer, since the overall California farm workforce is 92% Latino, with Mexican-born workers being the vast majority. In 2013, Mexican-born workers made up 68% of farmworkers. One example of a food swamp-related consequence is how many Mexican farmworker families find their diets in America to be much more “processed” compared to their “diverse and fresh” diets back in Mexico. The Latino population has been identified as especially vulnerable to poor health, both physically and mentally, as a result of poverty and discrimination.
See also
Food security
References
Food security in the United States
Central Valley (California)
Vinit Ajit Indulkar (born 26 August 1984, in Sholapur, Maharashtra) is an Indian former cricketer. They played for Mumbai cricket team and Himachal Pradesh in 40 Ranji Trophy matches.
See also
List of Mumbai cricketers
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Mumbai cricketers
Himachal Pradesh cricketers
Kolkata Knight Riders cricketers
Cricketers from Mumbai
People from Solapur
The 2020 Italian Open (also known as the Rome Masters or the Internazionali BNL d'Italia for sponsorship reasons) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Foro Italico in Rome, Italy.
Originally scheduled for 11–17 May 2020, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it was initially rescheduled to 20–26 September 2020, a week before the 2020 French Open. When the ATP schedule was later revised in August 2020, following the cancellation of this year's Mutua Madrid Open due to the resurgence of virus cases in Spain, organizers had to move the tournament earlier than planned by a week, and it is rescheduled to 14–21 September 2020. That leaves the dates were later placed for this year's Hamburg European Open (men) and Internationaux de Strasbourg (women). It is the 77th edition of the Italian Open and is classified as an ATP Tour Masters 1000 event on the 2020 ATP Tour and a Premier 5 event on the 2020 WTA Tour.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
ATP singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of August 31, 2020.
Other entrants
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
Jannik Sinner
Gianluca Mager
Salvatore Caruso
Stefano Travaglia
The following player used a protected ranking into the main singles draw:
Kevin Anderson
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
Facundo Bagnis
Marco Cecchinato
Federico Coria
Alejandro Davidovich Fokina
Dominik Koepfer
Pedro Martínez
Lorenzo Musetti
Tennys Sandgren
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
João Sousa
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Roberto Bautista Agut → replaced by Yoshihito Nishioka
John Isner → replaced by Marin Čilić
Daniil Medvedev → replaced by Lorenzo Sonego
Dominic Thiem → replaced by João Sousa
Alexander Zverev → replaced by Alexander Bublik
ATP doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of August 31, 2020.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Simone Bolelli / Fabio Fognini
Gianluca Mager / Andreas Seppi
Lorenzo Sonego / Andrea Vavassori
The following pair received entry using a protected ranking:
Kevin Anderson / Jonathan Erlich
WTA singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of August 31, 2020.
Other entrants
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
Elisabetta Cocciaretto
Camila Giorgi
Jasmine Paolini
Venus Williams
Vera Zvonareva
The following player received entry as a special exempt:
Victoria Azarenka
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
Irina-Camelia Begu
Anna Blinkova
Aliona Bolsova
Misaki Doi
Kaja Juvan
Daria Kasatkina
Danka Kovinić
Arantxa Rus
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Bianca Andreescu → replaced by Jil Teichmann
Ashleigh Barty → replaced by Anastasija Sevastova
Jennifer Brady → replaced by Hsieh Su-wei
Madison Keys → replaced by Caroline Garcia
Petra Kvitová → replaced by Marie Bouzková
Kristina Mladenovic → replaced by Ajla Tomljanović
Karolína Muchová → replaced by Iga Świątek
Naomi Osaka → replaced by Kateřina Siniaková
Aryna Sabalenka → replaced by Rebecca Peterson
Maria Sakkari → replaced by Coco Gauff
Serena Williams → replaced by Bernarda Pera
Zheng Saisai → replaced by Polona Hercog
WTA doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of August 31, 2020.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Elisabetta Cocciaretto / Martina Trevisan
Giulia Gatto-Monticone / Jasmine Paolini
The following pair received entry using a protected ranking:
Sharon Fichman / Vera Zvonareva
The following pair received entry as alternates:
Coco Gauff / Christina McHale
Magda Linette / Bernarda Pera
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Elise Mertens
Donna Vekić
Champions
Men's singles
Novak Djokovic def. Diego Schwartzman 7–5, 6–3.
This was Djokovic's 81st ATP Tour singles title, and fourth of the year.
Women's singles
Simona Halep def. Karolína Plíšková, 6–0, 2–1, ret.
This was Halep's 22nd WTA Tour singles title, and third of the year. With this victory, Halep extended their winning streak to 14 matches.
Men's doubles
Marcel Granollers / Horacio Zeballos def. Jérémy Chardy / Fabrice Martin, 6–4, 5–7, [10–8].
This was Granollers' 21st ATP Tour doubles title, and third of the year, and was Zeballos' 16th ATP Tour doubles title, and third of the year. This was also their fourth doubles title together as a pair.
Women's doubles
Hsieh Su-wei / Barbora Strýcová def. Anna-Lena Friedsam / Raluca Olaru, 6–2, 6–2
This was Hsieh's 28th WTA Tour doubles title, and fourth of the year, and was Strýcová's 31st WTA Tour doubles title, and fourth of the year. This was also their 9th doubles title together as a pair.
References
External links
Eclipse is a Seattle dog that has taken themselves to a Seattle dog park via King County Metro bus since 2015.
The first time the dog took the bus alone was an accident when they boarded without their owner, who caught up with them on the next bus. They decided to let them ride to the park without them afterwards. Eclipse must pay their bus fare like any dog on Metro Transit not held in the lap, and has an ORCA card tied to their collar for payment.
The dog is the subject of a 2016 book, and a rap music video.
Sources
References
Further reading
Nightline January 2015
Huffington Post 2017
Hindustan Times 2020
CBC via AP 2015
BBC News 2015
Individual dogs
Culture of Seattle
Callington railway station was a railway station in the village of Kelly Bray, north of the centre of the small town of Callington, Cornwall. It was the terminus of a branch line from Bere Alston, built by the Plymouth, Devonport and South Western Junction Railway, but operated by the London and South Western Railway. The station closed in 1966. The Tamar Valley Line still operates services from Bere Alston, with services terminating at Gunnislake railway station, to the east of Callington.
The now-closed section of line north of Gunnislake was remote from local communities and provided a relatively slow journey compared with the competing roads, which limited its use. (Callington had good bus services to Saltash and Plymouth, but the landscape denied that to Gunnislake.) Ironically, the alignment and gradients of that part of the line were better than the surviving section south of Gunnislake. After closure the station was demolished and the site is now occupied by industrial units.
References
External links
West Country Railway Archives - The Callington Branch
Disused railway stations in Cornwall
Former Plymouth, Devonport and South Western Junction Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1908
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1966
Beeching closures in England
1908 establishments in England
Callington
Gekko gulat is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Palawan in the Philippines.
References
Gekko
Reptiles described in 2010
Reptiles of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Fauna of Palawan
Fathering: A Journal of Theory, Research, and Practice about Men as Fathers, is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2003 as the third of five published by Men's Studies Press and the first worldwide to focus specifically on fatherhood. Editor-in-Chief is Jaipaul Roopnarine.
See also
Men's studies
Gender studies
References
External links
Journal content link
Sociology journals
Publications established in 2003
English-language journals
Triannual journals
Men's studies journals
2003 establishments in the United States
Fatherhood
Works about parenting
Constantine was a French département in Algeria which existed between 1848 and 1974. The area of the former department, centered on the city of Constantine, is also referred to as Constantinois ( Qusanṭīnah).
History
Constantinois was part of the Roman province of Africa which also included areas to the east (what is today Tunisia and Tripolitania [western Libya]). In the Middle Ages, it was part of Arab Ifriqiya which was largely coterminous with the Roman province.
Under Ottoman rule, Constantinois was attached to the Regency of Algiers and ruled by a bey appointed by the dey of Algiers. The last bey, Ahmed Bey, who ruled from 1826 to 1848, led the local population in a fierce resistance to the French occupation forces after their invasion in 1830. In 1837, the territory was finally conquered by the French, who reinstated the bey as ruler of the region. They remained in this position until 1848, when the region became a part of the colony of Algiers and they were deposed.
Formation
Considered a French province, Algeria was departmentalised on 9 December 1848. Three civil zones (départements) replaced the three beyliks into which the Ottoman former rulers had divided the territory. The principal town of the eastern département, also called Constantine, became the prefecture of the eponymous département. The two other Algerian departments were Oran in the west and Alger in the centre.
Constantine covered an area of 87,578 km², and comprised six arrondissements: these were Batna, Bône, Bougie, Guelma, Philippeville and Sétif.
It was not until the 1950s that the Sahara was annexed into departmentalised Algeria, which explains why the eastern département of Constantine was limited to what is the north-east of Algeria today.
Reorganisations and Algerian independence
On 7 August 1955 the eastern extremity of the département of Constantine was split off and became the separate département of Bône. Less than two years later, in May 1957, population increases triggered the creation of the stand-alone departments of Sétif and of Batna from the western and southern portions of the département of Constantine.
The much truncated coastal département of Constantine now covered just 19,899 km², and was home to a population of 1,208,355. It was redivided into seven arrondissements: these were Aïn Beïda, Aïn M'lila, Collo, Djidjelli, El-Milia, Mila and, as before, Philippeville.
The 1957 departmental reorganisation was marked by a change in the "suffix" number appearing on automobile license plates and in other places that used the same code. Until 1957 Constantine was department number "93": after 1957 the much diminished département of Constantine became department number "9D". (In 1968, under a law enacted in 1964, the number "93" would be reallocated to a new département comprising the northern and north-eastern suburbs of Paris.)
After independence the department continued to exist until 1974 when it was split into Constantine Province, Jijel Province, Oum el Bouaghi Province and Skikda Province.
References
See also
Départements français d'Algérie (not yet translated into English).
Former departments of France in Algeria
States and territories established in 1848
Constantine, Algeria
1848 establishments in Algeria
1962 disestablishments in Algeria
The following is a list of county roads in Madison County, Florida. All county roads are maintained by the county in which they reside.
County roads in Madison County, Florida
References
FDOT Map of Madison County
FDOT GIS data, accessed January 2014
County
La finta savia is a 1643 drama by Giulio Strozzi written for the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo with music by Filiberto Laurenzi. It is a sequel to Strozzi's La finta pazza (1641) whi was set to music by Francesco Sacrati. The music was mainly by Laurenzi but was supplemented in act 1 with scenes 3 to 5, 10 and 12 by Tarquinio Merula, in scene 6 mainly by Arcangelo Crivelli except for a canzonetta by Laurenzi. In act 1, scenes 2 and 3 were by Crivelli and in act 3 scenes 1 and 7 to 9 by Benedetto Ferrari.
Recording
Filiberto Laurenzi La finta savia – Arias, Elena Cecchi Fedi, Carlo Vistoli, Sezione Aurea Ensemble, Filippo Pantieri, Brilliant Classics 2018
References
1643 operas
Italian-language operas
Operas based on plays
Operas
Batrachorhina nebulosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1904. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1904
The 1976 Major League Baseball season ended with the Cincinnati Reds winning their second consecutive World Series championship.
This was the last season of the expansion era (dating back to 1961) until 1993 in which the American League (AL) and the National League (NL) had the same number of teams.
A lockout occurred during March 1–17, but it did not impact the regular season.
The All-Star Game, held at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia, was a 7–1 victory for the NL over the AL.
The Reds won the 1976 World Series by sweeping the New York Yankees in four games; the Reds remain the only team to go undefeated in the postseason since the advent of the divisional era in 1969. It was the Reds' last title until Lou Piniella led the team to a championship in . This was the second time that the Yankees were swept in a World Series, the first having been by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 1963 World Series.
Standings
American League
National League
Postseason
Bracket
Awards and honors
July–October
July 8 – At Wrigley Field, Randy Jones wins their 16th game of the year for the San Diego Padres, a National League record for wins at the All-Star break. They beat the Chicago Cubs 6–3. In the second half of the season, Jones will lose seven games by one run, two of them by 1–0 scores.
July 9 – In Montreal, the Houston Astros' Larry Dierker no-hits the host Montreal Expos, 6–0. They strike out eight batters, including the first two in the ninth inning. Dierker had previously thrown two one-hitters.
July 13 – The National League emerges victorious in the annual All-Star Game by a score of 7–1. George Foster, one of seven Cincinnati Reds position players on the squad, hits a home run with three RBIs, and is named the MVP. Rookie pitcher Mark Fidrych gives up two runs and takes the loss. It is the NL's 13th win over the American League in the last 14 games.
July 19 – Willie Davis of the San Diego Padres gets their 2500th hit versus the Chicago Cubs, a single in the 4th off of Bill Bonham at San Diego Stadium. The Padres won 3-2.
July 20 – Hank Aaron hits the 755th and last home run of their career, connecting off Dick Drago of the California Angels.
July 23 – In a game against the Taiyō Whales, Sadaharu Oh of the Yomiuri Giants hits their 700th home run, the first player in Nippon Professional Baseball to do so.
July 24 – In a 17-2 blowout of the Chicago White Sox, Lyman Bostock becomes the fourth Minnesota Twin to hit for the cycle. Batting fourth for the first time ever, they go four-for-four, with four RBIs and four runs scored.
July 26 – Carl Yastrzemski of the Boston Red Sox gets their 2500th hit versus the Cleveland Indians, a double in the 1st off of Stan Thomas at Fenway Park. The Red Sox lost 9-4. Yastrzemski was beaten to the milestone one week earlier by their contemporary, Willie Davis on July 19.
July 28 – Blue Moon Odom and Francisco Barrios combine on a no-hitter as the Chicago White Sox top the Oakland Athletics 2–1. For Odom, this is their last major league victory.
August 8 – The first game of today's Royals–White Sox double header at Comiskey Park sees the White Sox appear on the field in shorts. The Sox return to long pants for the second game, after stealing five bases and defeating the Royals, 5-2.
August 9 – John Candelaria became the first Pirates pitcher in 69 years to throw a no-hitter in Pittsburgh by blanking the Los Angeles Dodgers 2-0. Candelaria's no-hitter came at Three Rivers Stadium. No Pirate ever threw a no-hitter at Forbes Field.
September 3 – At Shea Stadium, Tom Seaver fans Tommy Hutton of the Phillies in the 7th inning of the Mets 1-0 victory. Hutton is Seaver's 200th strikeout victim of the season – the 9th straight year the Mets' right-hander has reached that mark.
September 6 – Dodgers catcher Steve Yeager is seriously injured when the jagged end of a broken bat strikes them in the throat while they are waiting in the on-deck circle.
September 10 – California's Nolan Ryan strikes out 18 White Sox hitters in a 9-inning 3-2 victory at Chicago.
September 11 – Orestes "Minnie" Miñoso comes out of their twelve-year retirement. Playing at home for the White Sox, they go 0-for-3 against Frank Tanana. The next day, they will single, becoming the oldest player to hit safely in a Major League game.
September 18 – Player-Manager Frank Robinson of the Cleveland Indians inserts themselves into the lineup as a pinch hitter in the eight inning of a game against the Baltimore Orioles. They single in what will be their final at-bat as a player. Their influence as a manager and executive will continue for decades to come.
September 21 – In Cincinnati, the Cincinnati Reds clinch the National League West title with a 9-1 pasting of the San Diego Padres.
September 25 – The Yankees put an end to a 6-game losing streak with a 10-6 win over the Tigers to wrap up the Al East, the Yankees' first visit to the postseason since the 1964 World Series. Doyle Alexander gets the victory.
September 26 – In the last big league games at Montreal's Jarry Park, the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Montreal Expos 4-1 in the first game of a doubleheader to clinch the National League East title. Philly takes the nightcap, 2-1. Following the 2nd game, Dick Allen jumps the team in protest of the fact that veteran Tony Taylor is not listed on the post-season roster.
September 28 – The Dodgers' Walter Alston, after 23 seasons and 2,040 victories, steps down as manager. Third base coach Tommy Lasorda is promoted to the post.
September 29 – John Montefusco of the San Francisco Giants no-hits the Atlanta Braves 9-0 at Atlanta–Fulton County Stadium.
October 3 - Hank Aaron plays the final game of their eventual hall of fame career in a loss to the Detroit Tigers in Milwaukee County Stadium 5-2. They had 3 at bats being struck out the first two times with the final at bat being an RBI.
Statistical leaders
Home Field Attendance
References
External links
1976 Major League Baseball season schedule at Baseball Reference
Major League Baseball seasons
Apophthisis pullata is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ohio, United States.
The larvae feed on Rhamnus lanceolata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is linear at first, but gradually broadens into an irregular blotch, and occupying about a quarter of the leaf area.
References
Gracillariinae
Michael Veith (born 20 January 1957) is a German former alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1980 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1957 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of West Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Tomas Leandersson (11 April 1966 – 2 November 2021) was a Swedish ten-pin bowler.
Biography
Leandersson was from Degerfors, Sweden.
Leandersson was a member of Team Sweden for over ten years, and was a member of the team that won the gold medal in the 1990 Nordic Bowling Championships. Their team also won the 1994 World Tenpin Team Cup and the 1999 International Bowling Federation WTBA World Tenpin Bowling Championships.
Individual records and awards include the following:
Winner of men's singles at the 1993 World Games and the 1999 European Championships
Bronze medal, 1991 FIQ/WTBA World Championships Masters and 1999 All Events
World Bowling Writers World Bowler of the Year in 1993
Won the Bowling World Cup in 2000
Elected to the World Bowling Writers International Bowling Hall of Fame in 2000
References
External links
Super Series Profile
1966 births
2021 deaths
Swedish ten-pin bowling players
People from Degerfors Municipality
Sportspeople from Örebro County
World Games gold medalists
World Games medalists in bowling
The 2022 AFF U-18 Women's Championship was the 2nd edition of the AFF U-19 Women's Championship, an international women's youth football tournament organised by ASEAN Football Federation (AFF). It was hosted by Indonesia.
Australia beat Vietnam 2–0 in the final for their first title in the championship.
Participant teams
There was no qualification, and all entrants advanced to the final tournament. The following teams from member associations of the AFF entered the tournament:
Venues
Matches were held in Jakabaring Sport City, with Gelora Sriwijaya Stadium as the main venue and Jakabaring Athletic Field as the alternate venue.
Group stage
All times listed are WIB (UTC+7).
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
In the knockout stage, the penalty shoot-out was used to decide the winner if necessary.
Bracket
Semi-finals
Third place match
Final
Winner
Goalscorers
Final ranking
This table will show the ranking of teams throughout the tournament.
References
AFF U-19 Women's Championship
AFF
AFF
AFF
2022 in Asian football
During the 2001–02 Dutch football season, AFC Ajax competed in the Eredivisie.
Season summary
Manager Co Adriaanse was sacked in late November after some poor results, including elimination from the Champions League and UEFA Cup. Their replacement, Ronald Koeman, led Ajax to the league and cup double.
Players
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Jong Ajax
Results
UEFA Champions League
Third qualifying round
8 August: Ajax 1-3 Celtic (Arveladze; Petta, Agathe, Sutton)
22 August: Celtic 0-1 Ajax
UEFA Cup
First round
Ajax 3–0 Apollon Limassol
Apollon Limassol 0-2 Ajax
Second round
Copenhagen 0–0 Ajax
Ajax 0-1 Copenhagen
References
Notes
AFC Ajax seasons
AFC Ajax
Dutch football championship-winning seasons
Full Force is a 1980 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago, their second to appear on the ECM label.
Reception
The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in their Allmusic essay "Free Jazz: A Subjective History" as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos states "Their music in this era continued in a developmental phase, stripping away nuance and shadings in lieu of pure expressionism, even more experimental while utilizing thematic ideas that alternately suggest world music fusions and tune structures. This may be the most accessible Art Ensemble of Chicago album, perhaps disappointing for some hardcore fans, but certainly illuminating to many others unexposed to their unmitigated brilliance".
Track listing
"Magg Zelma" (Malachi Favors) - 19:50
"Carefree" (Roscoe Mitchell) 0:50
"Charlie M" (Lester Bowie) - 9:18
"Ol' Time Southside Street Dance" (Joseph Jarman) - 5:12
"Full Force" (Art Ensemble of Chicago) - 7:24
Personnel
Lester Bowie – trumpet, celeste, bass drum
Malachi Favors – double bass, percussion, melodica
Joseph Jarman – saxophone, clarinet, percussion, vocal
Roscoe Mitchell – saxophone, clarinet, flute, percussion
Don Moye – drums, percussion, vocal
References
1980 albums
ECM Records albums
Art Ensemble of Chicago albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Batrachorhina vadoniana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1965. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1965
Las Casas Occupational High School was an alternative high school located at 8401 South Saginaw Avenue in the South Chicago area of Chicago, Illinois, United States. The school, a part of Chicago Public Schools (CPS), intended to educate autistic, cognitively delayed, and behavior disordered students so they could take jobs.
By February 2009, CPS announced that the school would close because of building deficiencies and layout problems. The school was given a reprieve, and was eventually closed at the end of the 2010-11 school year.
References
External links
Las Casas Occupational High School
2011 disestablishments in Illinois
Educational institutions disestablished in 2011
Former high schools in Illinois
Public high schools in Chicago
Chameleon (original title: Camaleón) is a 2016 Chilean produced psychological thriller film written and directed by Jorge Riquelme Serrano. It had its world premiere at the 2016 BFI London Film Festival where it was selected to compete for the Sutherland Award (first feature competition).
Plot
Chameleon is a psychological thriller following Paula and Paulina's final day together in their summer home. The arrival of an unexpected guest interrupts their intimate farewell, triggering a shocking transformation that reveals the darkest recesses of the human mind.
Cast
as Gastón
Paulina Urrutia as Paulina
as Paula
Alejandro Goic as Franco
Release
Chameleon had its domestic Chilean premiere on 25 August 2016 at the Santiago International Film Festival (SANFIC) ahead of its theatrical release across Chile on the 29 September 2016. It went on to have its International Premiere on 9 October 2016 at the 2016 BFI London Film Festival, where it was nominated for the Sutherland Award in the first feature competition. It went on to have its North American premiere at the 2017 Seattle International Film Festival where it was selected for the Ibero-American competition. It was also selected for international festivals including the Lima Film Festival's official fiction competition, Havana Film Festival, Yucatán and Mérida Film Festival's Latin American first feature competition where it received a Special Jury Mention, Hidalgo International Film Festival of the Americas' LGBT and first feature competition where Gastón Salgado received the best actor award and the Latin American Film Festival of Rotterdam (FLAR).
Reception
Accolades
Chameleon received 11 nominations at the 2017 Pedro Sienna Chilean film awards for Best Film, Best Director, Best Leading Actress (Paulina Urrutia and Paula Zúñiga), Best Leading Actor (Gastón Salgado), Best Script, Best Editing, Best Original Music (Carlos Cabezas), Best Special Effects, Best Costume and Best Make-up. It won three awards for Best Director, Best Leading Actress (Paulina Urrutia) and Best Original Music (Carlos Cabezas).
References
External links
Chameleon on Cinechile encyclopedia of Chilean film
2016 psychological thriller films
2016 films
Chilean thriller films
Azorhizophilus paspali is a bacterium from the genus of Azorhizophilus which has been isolated from rhizosphere soil from the plant Paspalum notatum in Brazil.
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Azorhizophilus paspali at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Pseudomonadales
Bacteria described in 1966
Annie Lush (born 11 April 1980) is an English sailor. They were born in Poole, Dorset.
, Lush is tall and weighs . Lush attended Cambridge University, where they were awarded Blues in rowing, sailing and rugby.
Lush was a candidate for selection for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Yngling three-person keelboat class with crewmates Lucy MacGregor and double Olympic gold medallist Shirley Robertson. Despite winning the bronze medal at the 2007 World Championships, the trio were overlooked for selection in favour of Sarah Ayton, Sarah Webb and Pippa Wilson who ended up winning gold in the Olympic event.
In 2010 Lush teamed up with sisters Lucy and Kate MacGregor and Mary Rook to win gold at the ISAF women's match racing World Championship in Newport, Rhode Island, United States. The British crew won the final 3–2 over an American team helmed by two-time world title-winner Sally Barkow. At the 2011 Sailing World Championships in Perth, Australia, Lush reached the final of the match-racing event, as part of a crew with Lucy and Kate MacGregor, where they were beaten 4–0 by the United States boat skippered by Anna Tunnicliffe. The three won a gold medal at the 2011 World Cup event in Hyères, France by beating Barkow's crew 3–0 in the final.
Lush was selected to compete for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the newly created Elliott 6 metres match-racing event. They competed alongside sisters Lucy and Kate MacGregor. Together the three are nicknamed the "Match Race Girls". The event took place at the Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy with the round robin group stage being held from 29 July to 4 August 2012. The team finished 7th in the competition.
In 2013 was Annie selected for team SCA Volvo Ocean Race 2014–15, the team was based in Lanzarote, Canary Isles.
References
External links
Olympic sailors of Great Britain
English female sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Elliott 6m
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
World champions in sailing for Great Britain
Sportspeople from Poole
1980 births
Living people
Volvo Ocean Race sailors
An Ruadh-stac is a Scottish mountain situated in the Wester Ross region of the Highland council area. It is located 26 km north east of Kyle of Lochalsh.
Overview
An Ruadh-stac reaches a height of 892 metres (2926 feet) making it the 30th highest Corbett, it also qualifies as a Marilyn. It is a distinguished looking mountain which is prominent in views because of its light grey coloured quartzite rocks, it stands in the ancient Coulin hunting forest, an area of rough mountainous country between Glen Carron and Glen Torridon. The mountain is situated four km from the nearest public road but there are good stalkers paths within the deer forest which aid access to the foot of the mountain. An Ruadh-stac is closely associated with the adjoining Munro of Maol Cheann-dearg with which it is often climbed.
The mountain's Gaelic name translates as the Red Stack or Red Conical Hill; this is slightly confusing and misleading, as it is invariably seen as a light-grey hill due to its quartzite rocks. Hamish Brown comments on the name thus: “An Ruadh-stac is a grey hill, sometimes touched white by the sun but never red like its ruddy, bald headed neighbour (Maol Cheann-dearg).”
Geography
An Ruadh-stac has the classic triangular mountain shape formed by three steep ridges; the NE ridge is the least steep and the one usually used for ascent and descent by walkers. This ridge drops to the Bealach a' Choire Ghairbh, which links the mountain to Maol Cheann-dearg, which stands 2 km to the north across Coire an Ruidh Staic. The south ridge leads over the subsidiary top of Ruadh Stac Beag (758 metres) before descending towards Glen Carron over rough, boggy ground. The north and west side of the mountain are ringed by steep crags, making the NW ridge out of bounds for walkers.
The mountain's finest geographical feature is the north face, a precipitous rock wall which shows off the mountain's layered geology when viewed from a distance. These crags rise over 400 metres from the shore of Loch Coire an Ruaidh-staic and have received the attention of rock climbers, with Tom Patey and Chris Bonington pioneering a route in 1960.
The lower slopes on the SE side of the mountain are composed of ice-polished slabs dotted with long flowing mounds of debris; this is fluted moraine, deposited from a glacier. The mounds are less than four metres in height but up to 400 metres in length. The mountain's visual attraction is further added to by the presence of four small lochs around its NE flanks; they are all on different levels. One of these lochs, Loch a' Mhadaidh Ruadh, is rated as one of the most beautiful in the Scottish Highlands, it is located on the Bealach a' Choire Ghairbh and is enclosed by walls of quartzite rock, giving it an almost artificial look. All drainage from the mountain makes the short journey to the west coast of Scotland, either going directly west to Upper Loch Torridon or SE to Glen Carron and then Loch Carron.
Ascents and view
The summit of An Ruadh-stac is a long way from any road, but the closest starting point is on the A890 road at Coulags in Glen Carron at grid reference . This route follows the footpath north up the valley of the Fionn-abhainn before crossing the river and going west and climbing up to the Bealach a' Choire Ghairbh. From the bealach it is a tough 340-metre climb up rough slopes of scree and slabby rock to the summit. It is possible to climb the mountain by a longer route from Glen Torridon starting from Annat at .
The summit is littered with quartzite boulders, with the highest point marked by a cairn of rocks and gives a view which includes the Skye Cuillin to the SW, Upper Loch Torridon appears next to Beinn Damh to the NW while the Torridon hills are further round to the north. By exploring the summit plateau further it is possible to look 1000 feet down the cliffs of the north face to Loch Coire an Ruaidh-staic.
References
Corbetts
Marilyns of Scotland
Mountains and hills of the Northwest Highlands
Mountains and hills of Highland (council area)
Climbing areas of Scotland
Torridon
The breeding programs at Zoo Basel have had many highlights since the zoo's opening in 1874. These include the worldwide first zoo births of an Indian rhinoceros and greater flamingo hatch, as well as the first European gorilla birth. Due to Zoo Basel's successful breeding programs, it manages the international studbook for the Indian rhinoceros and the pygmy hippopotamus, as well as several European studbooks.
General information
The zoo is a member of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA), the European Endangered Species Programme (EEP), and 18 other programs and organizations. In 1935, the forerunner of the WAZA (the International Union of Directors of Zoological Gardens or IUDZG) was founded in Basel.
Breeding program participations
Among the breeding programs for endangered species that the Zoo Basel participates in are:
Studbook overview
Zoo Basel is a member of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA) and the European Endangered Species Programme (EEP) and holds following studbooks:
Cheetahs
Among 82 other European zoos with cheetahs, the zoo's breeding program is one in a dozen that has repeated success. Basel had five young cheetahs born in 1993, 1995, and 2007.
Cheetah breeding is difficult in captivity, as males and females live separately in the wild and females are picky in partners. The 30% mortality rate among newborns also lowers breeding success. That is why the new pair of female cheetahs that came to Basel in 2001 did not show interest in the presented males and had no offspring – until "Survivor" came from Vienna in 2006.
Currently in Basel
As of June 2011, the male "Survivor" and two females are living in Basel with two young cheetahs. On June 17, 2009, mother Msichana had two males and a female baby. The youngest cheetah died in the fall of 2009.
Flamingos
For over 50 years Zoo Basel had its flamingo breeding program and hatched over 400 flamingos. Since 2000, every year 20 to 27 young flamingos are hatched in Basel. One of the main reasons for this annual success is the current flamingo exhibit which was built in 1991.
Currently in Basel
As of June 27, 2010, Basel's flamingo herd counts 113 individuals. During the spring of 2010, these birds built 41 nests and between June 5 and June 29, 2010 thirty-three flamingos hatched - of which thirty survived. This is a new record for the zoo, that never had these many flamingo hatches in its history. In a media release on June 22, 2010 zoo officials consider a calm hatching time and ideal weather as reasons for this record.
Basel history
Zoo Basel hatched the first flamingo, a Chilean flamingo in a European zoo in 1958 and a year later the first greater flamingo in captivity. While at first Zoo Basel had all six flamingo species, it decided to focus on the greater flamingo in the 1980s.
Indian rhinoceros
The Zoo Basel holds international studbook for the Indian rhinoceros since 1972 and coordinates since 1990 the European Endangered Species Programme (EEP), which ensures that the captive Indian rhinoceros population stays as genetically healthy as possible. One of the main reasons for Basel to have these studbooks is due to its successful breeding program.
Currently in Basel
As of September 2012, Ellora (1982), Quetta (1993), Jaffna (Basels stock bull / 1994), Henna (2010), and Jari (2012) live in the Zolli. On July 23, 2010, Ellora gave birth to a rhino girl called Henna, which is Ellora's seventh baby. Henna is unique in Basel's breeding history, as their left front leg is white. A video of Henna's birth can be watched here: rhino birth
Basel history
In 1952, the first rhino, the bull Gadadhar, arrived in Basel and a year later, the female Joymothi followed. These two animals are the parents of Basel's Indian rhino breeding program.
On September 14, 1956, the birth of rhino boy Rudra (the first Indian rhino born in a zoo) started Basel's Indian rhino success story. They were the son of Gadadhar and Joymothi that came from Kaziranga National Park. Two hours after birth they weighed and was long and quickly gained 1.5 kilograms per day. In 1959, Rudra was transferred to the Milwaukee County Zoo, where they only became a father once until their death.
As of September 2012, 33 Indian rhinos have been born in Basel out of about 80 births worldwide. Therefore, most of the 174 Indian rhinoceroses in zoos around the globe are somehow related to the rhino population in Basel.
Rhino exhibit
The Indian rhinoceros house and outdoor exhibit were built in 1959, extensively renovated from 2006 to 2008, and re-opened in May 2008. In the new rhinoceros exhibit, the rhinos, are sharing the outdoor exhibit with muntjacs, and Oriental small-clawed otters. As of July 2010, the three different species lived together with no incidents. The 2.5-ton-rhinoceroses are sharing their food with the 30-kilogram-muntjacs or go into one of four ponds where the Asian otters are swimming around the rhinos.
Preservation efforts
The Zolli supports Indian Rhino Vision 2020, which intends to increase the wild Indian rhino population to 3'000 animals. The partnership with the Orang National Park in India, where currently about 60 rhinos live, is one of the projects supported. In 2008, out of every day pass sold 15 Rappen (US$0.14) and out of every annual pass CHF 1.50 ($1.45) went to the Rhino Vision, totaling CHF 100'000 ($99,900).
Okapi
Worldwide, there are about 160 okapis living in zoos. In Europe, there are about 55. Since Basel Zoo's first zoo birth in 1957, twenty-two okapis have been born in Basel (2009).
Currently in Basel
On December 2, 2009, the okapi bull Stomp (b. 2003) came from Zoo Berlin and on August 24, 2011 the female Hazima (b. 2007) arrived from the British Marwell Wildlife.
Basel history
The first okapi that arrived in Basel on June 16, 1949, was the bull Bambe. However, after only 66 days, they died due to liver parasites. Nanouk (1955) and Bibi (1956) followed them and laid the foundation of Basel's successful okapi breeding program.
In 2008, Basels Ahadi fathered the first okapi birth in the Czech Republic and Slovakia at Zoo Dvur Kralove. A video of this birth can be seen here on YouTube.
Okapi preservation efforts
All okapi zoos (including Basel) in Europe and North America are supporting the Okapi Wildlife Reserve managed by the Gilman International Conservation Organization, in the Ituri Rainforest (Democratic Republic of the Congo). In 2008, Zoo Basel donated $5,000 to the Gilman Conservation.
Pygmy hippopotamus
Zoo Basel oversees the international studbook for the pygmy hippopotamus. Since the construction of the rhino exhibit, the pygmy hippos can only be viewed in their outdoor exhibits. During the winter they are inside.
Basel history
In 1928, the first animals arrived in Basel and started a breeding program in which 53 hippos were born and successfully raised. These animals and their offspring are living today in zoos all over the globe.
Somali wild ass
The Somali wild ass (Equus africanus somaliensis) is a wild donkey, a subspecies of the African wild ass. It is extremely endangered, as there are likely less than 1000 animals (or even 700) in the wild. There are about 200 individuals in zoos around the globe, of which 35 were born in Basel.
Zoo Basel manages the European studbook for the Somali wild ass and coordinates the European Endangered Species Programme (EEP). All European wild donkeys are either descendants of the original group at Zoo Basel or of 12 others that came from the Yotvata Hai-Bar Nature Reserve in Israel in 1972.
Currently in Basel
As of December 16, 2010, there are four Somali wild donkeys in Basel: The stallion "Ares" (22), three females (among them "Yogala"-12), and the baby girl "Hakaba."
Basel history
Basel started having Somali wild asses in 1970 and had its first birth in 1972. Since then, 11 stallions and 24 females were born and survived childhood.
Preservation efforts
Zoo Basel supports a conservation project in the Northeast African country of Eritrea, where 47 Somali wild ass live in the mountains between the Buri Peninsula and the Dalool ditch.
References
External links
Many of Zoo Basel's recent animal births are viewable here
Zoo Basel
Nature conservation in Switzerland
Eliza Arden Robinson Redfern (April 3, 1849 – March 19, 1906) was an English-born Canadian social reformer.
The daughter of William Augustus Robinson, an Irish Anglican clergyman, they were born in St Neots and came to Victoria, British Columbia in 1875. Two years later, they married Charles E. Redfern; the couple had six daughters and three sons. Because their husband was a prominent business owner and politician, they became part of Victoria's elite. They also donated their time in support of the less fortunate. Robinson supported the Children's Aid Society of Victoria, the British Columbia Protestant Orphans' Home and the Friendly Help Society. They served as vice-president of the Children's Aid Society from 1904 to 1906 and also helped the Society find foster families.
They died in Victoria. On the day of their death, flags in the city were flown at half-mast.
References
1849 births
1906 deaths
People from St Neots
Canadian women activists
English emigrants to Canada
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Vienna:
Vienna – capital of Austria and one of its nine states. It is the country's largest city, with over 1.8 million residents within an area of 414.65 km2 (160.10 sq mi). Vienna has a rich heritage and is considered one of the most livable cities in the world. It is the cultural center of Austria and a popular tourist destination, attracting over 6.8 million visitors per year. Having become the home of many musical luminaries throughout music's classical period (and later), including Mozart and Beethoven, Vienna is known as the City of Music.
General reference
Pronunciation: ; , ;
Common English name(s): Vienna
Official English name(s): Vienna
Adjectival(s): Viennese, Wiener
Demonym(s): Viennese, Wiener
Geography of Vienna
Geography of Vienna
Vienna is:
a city
capital of Austria
a primate city of Austria
a federated state
a state of Austria
Population of Vienna: 1,867,960
Area of Vienna: 414.65 km2 (160.10 sq mi)
Atlas of Vienna
Location of Vienna
Vienna is situated within the following regions:
Northern Hemisphere and Eastern Hemisphere
Eurasia
Europe (outline)
Central Europe
Austria (outline)
Pannonian Basin
Time zone(s):
Central European Time (UTC+01)
In Summer (DST): Central European Summer Time (UTC+02)
Environment of Vienna
Climate of Vienna
Natural geographic features of Vienna
Floodplains in Vienna
Lobau
Highlands in Vienna
Vienna Woods
Hills in Vienna
Gallitzinberg
Hackenberg
Hermannskogel
Hohe Warte
Kahlenberg
Leopoldsberg
Schenkenberg
Islands in Vienna
Donauinsel
Rivers in Vienna
Danube
Vienna Danube regulation
Donaukanal
New Danube
Vienna (river)
Areas of Vienna
Districts of Vienna
Locations in Vienna
Tourist attractions in Vienna
Museumsquartier
Shopping areas and markets
World Heritage Sites in Vienna
Innere Stadt
Schönbrunn Palace
Bridges in Vienna
Hohe Brücke
Northern Railway Bridge
Reichsbrücke
City walls of Vienna
Linienwall
Cultural and exhibition centres in Vienna
Kunsthalle Vienna
Vienna Künstlerhaus
Monuments and memorials in Vienna
Pestsäule
Rathausmann
Scholars Pavilion
Soviet War Memorial
Spinnerin am Kreuz
Museums and galleries in Vienna
Museums in Vienna
Albertina
Austrian Museum of Folk Life and Folk Art
Ephesos Museum
Funeral Museum Vienna
Galerie nächst St. Stephan
Globe Museum
Haus der Musik
Imperial Furniture Collection
Imperial Treasury
Austrian Crown Jewels
KunstHausWien
Kunsthistorisches Museum
Leopold Museum
Liechtenstein Museum
Madame Tussauds Vienna
Mozarthaus Vienna
mumok
Museum of Applied Arts
Museum of Military History
Natural History Museum
Österreichische Galerie Belvedere
Technisches Museum Vienna
Vienna Museum
Palaces and villas in Vienna
Belvedere
Belvedere Palace Chapel
Deutschmeister-Palais
Episcopal Palace
Hermesvilla
Hofburg
Spanish Riding School
Palais Arnstein
Palais Auersperg
Palais Augarten
Palais Caprara-Geymüller
Palais Chotek
Palais Clam-Gallas
Palais Coburg
Palais Equitable
Stock im Eisen
Palais Hoyos
Palais Kinsky
Palais Lieben-Auspitz
Palais Lobkowitz
Palais Modena
Palais Mollard-Clary
Palais Pallavicini
Palais Porcia
Palais Rasumofsky
Palais Schey von Koromla
Palais Schwarzenberg
Palais Strozzi
Palais Todesco
Palais Trautson
Schloss Hetzendorf
Schloss Neugebäude
Schloss Neuwaldegg
Schloss Wilhelminenberg
Schönbrunn Palace
Gloriette
Palmenhaus Schönbrunn
Wüstenhaus Schönbrunn
Stadtpalais Liechtenstein
Winter Palace of Prince Eugene
Parks and gardens in Vienna
Augarten
Botanical Garden of the University of Vienna
Danube-Auen National Park
Prater
Wurstelprater
Wiener Riesenrad
Rathauspark
Stadtpark
Volksgarten
Public squares in Vienna
Ballhausplatz
Freyung
Friedrich-Schmidt-Platz
Heldenplatz
Josefsplatz
Karlsplatz
Maria-Theresien-Platz
Mexikoplatz
Minoritenplatz
Praterstern
Rathausplatz
Schillerplatz
Schwarzenbergplatz
Schwedenplatz
Stephansplatz
Religious buildings in Vienna
Augustinian Church
Capuchin Church
Imperial Crypt
Dominican Church
Franciscan Church
Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church
Jesuit Church
Kaasgrabenkirche
Karlskirche
Lutheran City Church
Maltese Church
Minoritenkirche
Piarist Church
Schottenkirche
Servite Church
St. Canisius's Church
St. Francis of Assisi Church
St. Leopold's Church
St. Michael's Church
St. Peter's Church
St. Rochus
St. Stephen's Cathedral
St. Ulrich
Votive Church
Wotruba Church
Secular buildings in Vienna
Arsenal
Austrian Parliament Building
Central Bathhouse Vienna
DC Towers
Dorotheum
Gasometer
Haas House
Hundertwasserhaus
Karl Marx-Hof
Kursalon Hübner
Lusthaus
Messe Vienna
Millennium Tower
Palace of Justice
Palais des Beaux Arts
Rathaus
Wienbibliothek im Rathaus
Vienna International Centre
Vienna Twin Tower
Zacherlfabrik
Zacherlhaus
Streets in Vienna
The Graben
Herrengasse
Kärntner Straße
Vienna Beltway
Wienzeile
Theatres in Vienna
Burgtheater
Raimund Theater
Theater am Kärntnertor
Theater an der Vienna
Theater in der Josefstadt
Vienna's English Theatre
Volkstheater
Towers in Vienna
Donauturm
Demographics of Vienna
Demographics of Vienna
Government and politics of Vienna
Politics of Vienna
Government of Vienna
Gemeinderat and Landtag of Vienna
Mayor of Vienna
Law and order in Vienna
Federal Police
International relations of Vienna
United Nations Office at Vienna
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime
History of Vienna
History of Vienna
History of Vienna, by period or event
Timeline of Vienna
Beginnings and early Middle Ages (from the 1st through the 10th century)
Babenberg rule (976)
Habsburg rule (1278)
Turkish sieges
Siege of Vienna (1529)
Battle of Vienna (1683)
Vienna during the 18th century
Plague epidemic (1713)
Vienna during the 19th century
Napoleonic Wars
Vienna becomes capital of the Austrian Empire (1804)
Congress of Vienna (1814–15)
Expansion under Emperor Franz Joseph I
Vienna during the 20th century
World War I (1914–1918)
The First Republic – Vienna becomes capital of the Republic of German-Austria (1918) and then of the First Austrian Republic in 1919
Vienna during the Austrian Civil War of 1934
Annexation by German Third Reich (1938)
World War II (1939–1945)
Vienna Offensive (1945)
The Second Republic
Modern history since independence (1955–present)
History of Vienna, by subject
History of the Czechs in Vienna
History of the Hungarians in Vienna
History of the Jews in Vienna
Treaty of Vienna (1606)
Treaty of Vienna (1656)
Treaty of Vienna (1657)
Treaty of Vienna (1725)
Treaty of Vienna (1731)
Treaty of Vienna (1738)
Treaty of Vienna (1864)
Treaty of Vienna (1866)
Culture of Vienna
Culture of Vienna
Arts in Vienna
Wiener Moderne
Architecture of Vienna
Architecture of Vienna
Art Nouveau architecture in Vienna
Kirche am Steinhof
Secession Building
Baroque architecture in Vienna
Karlskirche
Expressionist architecture in Vienna
Hundertwasserhaus
Gothic Revival architecture in Vienna
Rathaus
Modern architecture in Vienna
DC Towers
Millennium Tower
Neoclassical architecture in Vienna
Austrian Parliament Building
Neo-Renaissance architecture in Vienna
Kursalon Hübner
Postmodern architecture in Vienna
Haas House
Romanesque architecture in Vienna
St. Rupert's Church
Cinema of Vienna
Vienna International Film Festival
Films set in Vienna
Literature of Vienna
Young Vienna
Wiener Gruppe
Music of Vienna
Music of Vienna
Composers and musicians of Vienna
First Viennese School – refers to Vienna's greats from the classical period of music
Haydn
Mozart
Beethoven
Franz Schubert
Second Viennese School – Arnold Schoenberg and their students
Arnold Schoenberg
Third Viennese School
Music genres originating in Vienna
Schrammelmusik
Viennese Waltz
Wienerlied
Music venues in Vienna
Arena
Konzerthaus
Musikverein
Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde
Vienna State Opera
Vienna State Ballet
Vienna Volksoper
Musical compositions set in Vienna
Wiener Blut (waltz)
The Blue Danube
Musical ensembles in Vienna
Concentus Musicus Wien
Klangforum Vienna
Neue Oper Wien
Orchester Wiener Akademie
Tonkünstler Orchestra
Vienna Boys' Choir
Vienna Hofburg Orchestra
Vienna Mozart Orchestra
Vienna Philharmonic
Summer Night Concert Schönbrunn
Vienna New Year's Concert
Wiener Klangstil
Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra
Vienna Symphony
Wiener Singakademie
Wiener Taschenoper
Theatre of Vienna
Theatre of Vienna
Visual arts of Vienna
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna
museum in progress
Vienna School of Fantastic Realism
Vienna Secession
Viennese Actionism
Wiener Werkstätte
Cuisine of Vienna
Cuisine of Vienna
Culinary specialities
Popular dishes of Vienna
Events in Vienna
Events in Vienna
Donauinselfest
Donaukanaltreiben Festival
Grafenegg Festival
ImPulsTanz Vienna International Dance Festival
Jazz Fest Vienna
Vienna Biennale
Vienna Festival
Vienna International Film Festival
Vienna Nightrow
Vienna Spring Festival
Vienna Modern
Wiener Internationale Gartenschau 74
Languages of Vienna
Languages of Vienna
Viennese German
Media in Vienna
Media in Vienna
Newspapers in Vienna
Der Standard
Die Presse
Wiener Zeitung
Radio and television in Vienna
ORF
People of Vienna
People of Vienna
List of honorary citizens of Vienna
List of people from Vienna
Philosophy of Vienna
Philosophy of Vienna
Vienna Circle
Logical positivism
Religion in Vienna
Religion in Vienna
Catholicism in Vienna
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vienna
Archbishop of Vienna
St. Stephen's Cathedral
Protestantism in Vienna
Lutheran City Church
Buddhism in Vienna
Peace Pagoda
Islam in Vienna
Vienna Islamic Centre
Sports in Vienna
Sport in Vienna
Basketball in Vienna
BC Vienna
Football in Vienna
Austrian Football Bundesliga
FK Austria Wien
SK Rapid Wien
Wiener Derby
Rugby football in Vienna
Vienna Celtic RFC
Ice hockey in Vienna
Vienna Capitals
Running in Vienna
Vienna City Marathon
Tennis in Vienna
Vienna Open
Sports venues in Vienna
Albert Schultz Eishalle
Allianz Stadion
Ernst-Happel-Stadion
Franz Horr Stadium
Hohe Warte Stadium
Trabrennbahn Krieau
Vienna Watersports Arena
Wiener Stadthalle
Economy and infrastructure of Vienna
Economy of Vienna
Congress and Convention location
Austria Center Vienna (ACV)
Financial services in Vienna
Bank Austria
Vienna Insurance Group
Wiener Börse
Hotels in Vienna
Grand Hotel Wien
Hotel Imperial
Hotel Sacher
InterContinental Vienna
Schloss Wilhelminenberg
Restaurants and cafés in Vienna
Restaurants in Vienna
Griechenbeisl
Schweizerhaus
Viennese coffee houses in Vienna
Café Central
Café Restaurant Residenz
Café Schwarzenberg
Shopping malls and markets in Vienna
Kärntner Straße
Steffl Department Store Vienna
Naschmarkt
Tourism in Vienna
Tourist attractions in Vienna
Transportation in Vienna
Transportation in Vienna
Public transport in Vienna
Public transport operators in Vienna
Wiener Linien
Wiener Lokalbahnen
Air transport in Vienna
Airports in Vienna
Vienna International Airport
Maritime transport in Vienna
River ports and harbours in Vienna
Harbours in Vienna
Port of Vienna
Shipping lines serving Vienna
Twin City Liner
Road transport in Vienna
Bus transport in Vienna
Car sharing in Vienna
DriveNow
Vienna Ring Road
Rail transport in Vienna
Rail transport in Vienna
City Airport Train
Vienna S-Bahn
Vienna U-Bahn
List of Vienna U-Bahn stations
Wiener Lokalbahn
Railway stations in Vienna
Wien Hauptbahnhof
Wien Mitte railway station
Wien Westbahnhof railway station
Trams in Vienna
Education in Vienna
Education in Vienna
Universities in Vienna
Medical University of Vienna
Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna
TU Wien
University of Applied Arts Vienna
University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna
University of Vienna
Vienna Observatory
Vienna University of Economics and Business
Research institutes in Vienna
Austrian Institute of Technology
Erwin Schrödinger International Institute for Mathematical Physics
Institute Vienna Circle
Vienna Institute of Demography
Healthcare in Vienna
Healthcare in Vienna
Gesellschaft der Ärzte in Vienna
Hospitals in Vienna
Steinhof
Vienna General Hospital
Wiener Privatklinik
See also
Outline of geography
References
External links
Vienna, in the Encyclopedia Britannica
Official websites
Vienna.gv.at – Official site of the municipality, with interactive map.
Vienna.info – Official site of the tourism board: events, sightseeing, cultural information, etc.
List of Embassies in Vienna
Information about Vienna and Centrope countries
Geschichtewiki.Vienna.gv.at – Vienna History Wiki operated by the city of Vienna
History of Vienna
Hundreds of articles on historical buildings of Vienna: Churches, Palaces, Art, Culture and History of Vienna
German flaktowers in Vienna
History of the Coat of Arms of Vienna and all (former) districts and municipalities
The free printing service for students in vienna
Further information on Vienna
Vienna Information Sorted by categories. Choose from 5 Languages
Events in Vienna
Events and useful information from Vienna
WhenWhereWh.at
Vienna
Vienna
1
Judah Kelly is an Australian singer-songwriter best known for winning the sixth series of The Voice Australia in 2017. They signed with Universal Music Australia. Kelly described their music as "country with soul".
Early life
In 2006, Kelly attended Queens Beach State School in Bowen Queensland. While there, they were a part of the school choir.
In 2011, Kelly attended the Junior Academy of Country Music in Tamworth, New South Wales, and has since also made regular appearances at the Tamworth Country Music Festival.
Kelly auditioned for The X Factor Australia in 2012 and 2014, without success.
Career
2017: The Voice
In 2017, Kelly took part in the sixth season of The Voice Australia, where they joined Delta Goodrem's team after singing "Tennessee Whiskey" in the blind audition. They made it through to the Grand Finale, held on 2 July, where they were announced as the winner.
Their winner's single "Count On Me" was released immediately after the announcement. Speaking to Fairfax Media, Kelly said: "I came in not really seeing myself getting very far at all in the competition, to be able to say that I won... it's everything." Kelly stated that "Count On Me" is about battling "dark times". The song debuted at number 19 on the ARIA Charts with 7,980 sales.
denotes winner.
denotes a song that reached the top 10 on iTunes.
On December 15, Kelly released a live version of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah".
2018: Real Good Time
On 10 August 2018, Kelly released "Real Good Time" the lead single from their second studio album of the same name due on 5 October 2018. Kelly also announced a "Real Good Time" tour commencing in October 2018.
On 5 October 2018, Kelly released "Found" as the second single from Real Good Time.
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
External links
Living people
Kelly, Judah
People from Queensland
The Voice (Australian TV series) contestants
The Voice (franchise) winners
1996 births
21st-century Australian singers
Sport+ may refer to:
Sport+ (France), a cable and satellite television channel owned by Canal+
Sport+ (Greece), a digital terrestrial television station owned by ERT
Sport+, a sister channel of TV+, Bulgaria
The great rufous woodcreeper (Xiphocolaptes major) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily, the woodcreepers.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. At 155 g (5.5 oz) and 35 cm (14 in), this is the largest woodcreeper and, if correctly allied with the family, is the largest furnariid.
References
External links
Great rufous woodcreeper videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Great rufous woodcreeper photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res
great rufous woodcreeper
Birds of the Gran Chaco
great rufous woodcreeper
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Koko and the Ghosts () is a 2011 Croatian adventure film directed by Daniel Kušan. It is based on the children's novel of the same name by Ivan Kušan, Daniel Kušan's father.
Cast
Antonio Parač as Koko Milić
Nina Mileta as Marica Milić
Kristian Bonačić as Zlatko
Filip Mayer as Miki
Ivan Maltarić as Božo
Ozren Grabarić as Josip Milić
Dijana Vidušin as Neda Milić
Predrag Vušović as Vincek
Franjo Dijak as Drago Horvatić
Almira Osmanović as Ruža
Production
Originally titled Koko i duhovi, development for the film began in October 2010 as a co-production between HRT, Kinorama and Continental film.
Sequel
The film was followed by a commercially successful sequel in 2013, Zagonetni dječak.
References
External links
2011 films
2010s adventure films
2010s Croatian-language films
Croatian children's films
Films based on Croatian novels
Kat (stylized as KAT) is a Polish heavy metal band formed in Katowice in 1979.
The word "kat" means executioner. KAT is one of the most important bands in Polish and East European heavy metal overall, and is also mentioned as one of the main precursors of thrash. KAT's most famous album is "Oddech wymarłych światów" (The Breath of Extinct Worlds), considered an opus of Polish heavy metal.
The band is best known for tracks "Czas zemsty" (Time of revenge), "Łza dla cieniów minionych" (A tear for the shadows gone) and "Wyrocznia" (Oracle).
History
KAT was founded in 1979 by guitarist Piotr Luczyk. Firstly they invited drummer Ireneusz Loth to the band, and shortly after, they were joined by bassist Tomasz Jaguś and another guitarist, Ryszard Pisarski. They played instrumental music influenced by hard rock bands, mainly Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin, and Black Sabbath. In 1981, during the first edition of the Silesian Rock festival, the band found a singer, Roman Kostrzewski. The line-up was filled out by guitarist Wojciech Mrowiec and in 1984 KAT released the debut single "Noce szatana / Ostatni tabor" (Polish for The Nights of Satan / The Last Train). Robert 'Lor' Milewski wrote the lyrics of both songs; since then Kostrzewski became the lyricist, incorporating poetry, Polish folklore, and mysticism. The band performed on toured with Hanoi Rocks.
In 1986 KAT released their debut album, Metal and Hell with a Belgian productions company named Ambush Records with the producer Jos Kloek. A Polish-language version of this full-length was released as a limited album the same year, however, the Polish version of the album was named 666. Soon after, Wojciech Mrowiec was fired from the band. In 1987 KAT performed twice as a support band for Metallica in Katowice's Spodek. This show was documented on KAT's live album 38 Minutes of Life. At that time they also supported Running Wild, Helloween, and Overkill.
A year after the concerts with Metallica, KAT released the next full-length album in 1988, "Oddech wymarłych światów" (Breath of extinct worlds). After this a conflict stirred up between Luczyk and Kostrzewski, and the band went on hiatus. KAT renewed their activity in 1990 and in 1992 played with TSA and Acid Drinkers at the Jarocin Festival. Two years later, some songs played previously at the Festival appeared along new ones on a new album, Bastard (1992).
In 1994 in Wisła a new album entitled "Ballady" (Ballads) was compiled and recorded in a Christian Studio – Deo Rocording, which proved to argue against the publics' and journalists' accusations of Satanism. It includes KAT's ballads from previous albums, previously unreleased tracks, and two completely new songs. Józef Skrzek (SBB) was a guest keyboard. In that year, Metal Mind Productions re-released the three first of Kat's albums. Kat sued the company and, after a few years, won the case.
In 1996, KAT released the albums "Róże miłości najchętniej przyjmują się na grobach" (Roses of love best flourish on graves), following this the conflict between Luczyk and Kostrzewski re-ignited. This conflict was so prominent that it resulted in the following album "Szydercze zwierciadło" (The Mocking Mirror) being recorded with all band members recording separately without even seeing each other in the studio. After this album, the band stopped its activity. Luczyk focused on other musical projects and Kostrzewski formed a new band Alkatras. Unfortunately, in 1999 Jacek Regulski died in a motorcycle accident. After strong convincing from Slawomir Dziewulski (manager), Luczyk agreed for a joint tour under the name KAT; the finale of this tour was a joint show with Iron Maiden and the release of the album and DVD Somewhere in Poland in 2003.
Straight after the release of Somewhere in Poland, in 2004 the band decided to fire drummer Ireneusz Loth, and singer and lyricist Roman Kostrzewski. Mariusz Prętkiewicz replaced the former drummer; Jarosław Gronowski joined as a second guitarist (he substituted Luczyk during the "Szydercze zwierciadło" tour, since Luczyk did not want to participate due to bad organisation of the tour ), and Henry Beck became the new singer. The new lineup released Mind Cannibals in 2005.
The lineup changes were very controversial, and band's fan base actually split in two, because Roman Kostrzewski and Ireneusz Loth also created their own band, and continue to perform since then, as a cover band.
After recording Mind Cannibals, the band went on tour around Europe (playing together with, Six Feet Under), but did not play in Poland, and later performed on tour with Helloween.
Between 2005 and 2014, the band became inactive, and in 2014 returned with the release of an acoustic album – "Acoustic – 8 filmow", where Maciej Lipina performed as a guest vocalist. During this time, vocalist Henry Beck formed their own band, and Adam Harris Jasinski (who was discovered by Luczyk at a cover festival) played as the new bassist. Finally, the new line-up was formed in 2016, Henry Beck was replaced by Qbek Weigel as vocalist. With the new line-up, Kat signed a worldwide contract with a German productions company Pure Steel Records and released their newest album titled Without Looking Back on 14 June 2019.
The band's planned tour for Without Looking Back was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the band returned to the studio and began recording music for their next studio album. In July 2020, the band announced that their new album, The Last Convoy, would be released on 25 September. The album would feature cover songs of classic rock bands and re-recorded versions of the band's songs from previous albums. The album featured several guest musicians, including former vocalist Henry Beck and former Judas Priest vocalist Tim "Ripper" Owens.
On 10 February 2022, original vocalist Roman Kostrzewski died from cancer at the age of 61.
Members
Current members
Piotr Luczyk – guitar (1979–1988, 1990–1999, 2002–present)
Mariusz Prętkiewicz – drums (2004–present)
Adam "Harris" Jasiński – bass guitar (2014–present)
Marek "Qbek" Weigel – vocals (2016–present)
Former members
Ireneusz Loth – drums (1979–1988, 1990–1999, 2002–2004)
Tomasz Jaguś – bass guitar (1979–1986)
Ryszard Pisarski – guitar (1979–1984)
Roman Kostrzewski – vocals (1981–1988, 1990–1999, 2002–2004) (died 2022)
Wojciech Mrowiec – guitar (1984–1986)
Krzysztof Stasiak – bass guitar (1986–1988)
Krzysztof Oset – bass guitar (1990–1999, 2002–2014)
Jacek Regulski – guitar (1990–1999) (died 1999)
Jarek Gronowski – guitar (2004–2006)
Henry Beck – vocals (2005–2016)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
Singles
Compilation albums
Video albums
Other
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Polish heavy metal musical groups
Polish thrash metal musical groups
Speed metal musical groups
Polish black metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1979
Musical groups disestablished in 1987
Musical groups reestablished in 1990
Musical groups disestablished in 1999
Musical groups reestablished in 2002
1979 establishments in Poland
Mystic Production artists
Musical quartets
In India, mobile numbers (including pagers) on GSM, WCDMA, and LTE networks start with either 9, 8, 7 or 6. Each telecom circle is allowed to have multiple private operators; earlier it was two private + BSNL/MTNL, subsequently it changed to three private + BSNL/MTNL in GSM; now each telecom circle has all four operators including Reliance Jio, Bharti Airtel, Vodafone idea ltd and BSNL/MTNL.
All mobile phone numbers are 10 digits long. The way to split the numbers is
defined in the National Numbering Plan as XXXXX-NNNNN. Here, XXXXX identifies the network operator and the telecom circle while NNNNN identifies the subscriber.
Source (gov website): https://dot.gov.in/access-services/allotment-msc-codes
Telecom circles
The Department of Telecommunications has divided India into various telecom circles such that within each circle, the call is treated as a local call, while across zones, it becomes a long-distance call. As of July 2018 there are 23 telecom circles or service areas. They are classified into four categories: Metro, A, B, C. Delhi, Mumbai, and Kolkata fall under Metro category.
A telecom circle is normally the entire state, with a few exceptions like Mumbai and Kolkata (which are different zones than their respective states), Goa (which is a part of the Maharashtra zone), Chhattisgarh (which is part of Madhya Pradesh), Sikkim (which is part of West Bengal) Jharkhand (which is a part of the Bihar zone), Northeastern states except Assam and Sikkim (which are part of Northeast zone) or Uttar Pradesh (divided into east and west zones). Delhi is a unique circle because it includes towns from Haryana (Gurgaon and Faridabad) and Uttar Pradesh (Noida and Ghaziabad) as well. The new state of Telangana remains in the same circle as Andhra Pradesh.
From May 20, 2005, calls between Mumbai Metro and Maharashtra Telecom Circle, between Chennai Metro and Tamil Nadu Telecom Circle, and between Uttar Pradesh (East) and Uttar Pradesh (West) Telecom Circle service areas are merged in Inter service area connected in the above-mentioned four states would be treated as intra-service area call for the purposes of routing as well as Access Deficit Charges (ADC). The dialing procedure for calls within a state for these states would also be simplified, i.e. dialing of mobile-to mobile subscribers and fixed-to-mobile subscribers would be without prefixing '0'.
In December 2017, Reliance Jio started with the newest of all, "the six-series-mobile numbers", keeping in mind the growing number of users in India. The growth in the number of 4G users in the country has made the 4G base larger than the 2G users in India pushing number of 2G users to second position.
Network operators
Note: The mobile numbers and operators are subject to change since Mobile number portability is available in most circles.
Note: Chennai circle has been merged with Tamil Nadu circle.
9xxx series
8xxx series
7xxx series
6xxx series
References
India
Mobile telecommunications
Mobile phone industry in India
Il piccolo Marat is a dramma lirico or opera in three acts by the Italian composer Pietro Mascagni from a libretto by Giovacchino Forzano.
Performance history
The opera was first performed on 2 May 1921 at the Teatro Costanzi, Rome and then many times in Italy and South America, with at least 450 individual performances documented. Though Mascagni was slated to perform the opera in the United States in 1926, logistics proved too difficult for rehearsal, and the North American premiere waited until 13 April 2009, when Teatro Grattacielo performed the opera at Avery Fisher Hall in New York.
Roles
Synopsis
Source:
Time of the Reign of Terror in France.
Act One
Scene: A small town square. On the left a building with a gallery and stairs, door beneath the gallery - The Committee Building. In the distance a bridge spanning a river. On the right a convent converted to a prison. All is deserted save "an American hussar" who stands guard at the prison.
An autumn evening. The square, the bridge and the streets are deserted. The solitude of a desolate and terrified city. A melancholy song passes through the air that seems to rise from all the prisons of the city.
Suddenly two young people run across the bridge pursued by a large crowd. The youths pass into the square with the crowd yelling they should be detained as thieves.
As the crowd reaches the square The Marats exit the building on the left and prevent the crowd from approaching the Committee Building. Words are exchanged between The Marats and the Crowd who insist the youths "resell contraband." The Captain of the Marats exhorts the crowd to disperse. The Orc themselves makes an appearance and speaks with the Crowd.
When they tell the Crowd to report those who thieve, they respond that two such people are now in the square. The Orc descends to discover their niece Mariella is one of the two youths. They explain that they were bringing the Orc their dinner.
The Crowd insists they must have what's in the basket Mariella carried. The young man with Mariella takes the basket and gives its contents to the Crowd. They then exclaims their sympathy with the Marats and is enlisted in their ranks and begins guard duty. The Young Man becomes The Small Marat.
The Orc has three collaborators, The Spy, The Thief, The Tiger. The Tiger now enters with another "fat, chubby little man", the Carpenter. The Orc and the Tiger discuss plans for the evening which will clear the prison immediately quickly - they will load a boat with prisoners, sail it to sea, then scuttle the boat. The Carpenter shows, despite their great fear, the Orc and the Tiger a model of their boat and how it works. The Orc and their men belittle and humiliate the Carpenter.
A Soldier on horse rides into the square. The Orc addresses the Soldier and invites them into the Committee Building. They exchange hostilities for both believe themselves men of power. The Soldier accuses the Orc of abuse of power. All exit except The Small Marat.
The Small Marat goes to the Prison and confirms that "The Princess of Fleury" is an inmate.  They are brought to them and they reveal that they are their Mother.  They are now "The Little Prince" and they explain their plan to save them
The Soldier exits The Committee Building, followed by The Orc and their men, and exits the square. The sound of the voices of Prisoners singing as they embark onto the boat is heard as the act ends.
Act Two
Scene: The Orcs' house with entrance door, entrance hall, wooden staircase, landing, door to the bedroom, and a dinner table. Some time has passed since Act One.
Mariella sings to herself. The Carpenter comes to visit.  They are much changed, "emaciated, ashen, undone." They have come to ask Mariella to intercede on their behalf with their Uncle. They reminisce about what their city once was. The Carpenter confesses that they spy for The Soldier. Mariella reveals a Madonna in a creche hidden behind the Marat portrait on which they swear she'll not betray the Carpenter.
The Small Marat enters. By their actions they show their affection for Mariella. They ask if The Carpenter has "a boat that goes out to sea." The Carpenter admits they do. The Small Marat arranges for The Carpenter to meet them later for use of the boat.
Enters "The Carrier of Orders" with papers for The Orc. The Small Marat rifles through them and extracts several and puts them in their pocket.
The Orc and their men enter. They extort valuables from a succession of Prisoners who are brought before them. The Orc notices the absence of papers for The Princess Fluery, which makes them angry. The Orc makes to strike them and at their cry The Soldier enters. The Orc reveals they rule by Robespierre's instructions. At this The Soldier makes a fatal mistake by calling Robespierre a tyrant. The Orc bests The Soldier by theirs boasts to the Crowd who have entered The Committee Building who rush The Soldier, tie them up, and take them to the river to toss them into it. All exit except Mariella and The Small Marat.
The Small Marat now reveals their love for Mariella and precedes to win them over, revealing they are Prince Jean-Charles of Fluery. They enlist them in their scheme to rescue their mother, to which Mariella assents. The two hide in the shadows as The Orc, drunk, returns and climbs the stairs to their bedroom.
Act Three
Scene: The Orc's bedroom. The room contains some ramshackle furniture mixed with various luxury furnishings scattered here and there, evidently benefited from fruitful "searches" in aristocratic houses.
In the middle of the room, in front of a plebeian desk, a very rich armchair. Beside the entrance door, which is on the right, on a rough table, two heavy and large solid bronze candelabra. Some tapestries and some carpets.
A large window occupies almost the entire wall at the back. On the left an iron bed, not large. To the right of the bed a cabinet. On the desk, papers and writing materials; papers piled up confusingly.
A patrol of "American Hussars" passes by outside, singing a song. After they have passed, Mariella and The Little Prince enter. They hear a cuckoo, which is The Carpenter's agreed on sign that they are ready with the boat. The two of them wrap ropes around the sleeping man and tie them to theirs bed.
The Little Prince searches for pen and paper to extort from The Orc a Safe Conduct for himself, Mariella, their Mother, and the Carpenter. The Orc awakes and commences to struggle for their freedom. With dagger in hand, The Little Prince reveals their identity and keeps The Orc restrained.
Mariella forges the Safe Conducts. After a momentary alarm due to outside voices that Mariella relieves by sending the Citizens to a local tavern, Mariella and The Little Prince move to leave. The Orc manages to grab a pistol from under the bedcover and shoots The Little Prince who falls to the ground.
The Orc continues to extricate themselves from the ropes while The Little Prince persuades Mariella to escape. They take the Safe Conduct and leaves. Through the window The Little Prince watches their progress in freeing their Mother from prison and going to the boat.
The Carpenter enters as The Orc frees himself. Seeing that The Orc is free, they grab the edge of the table covered with bronze candelabra and topples it over onto The Orc. They then grabs a candelabra and kills The Orc with it.
The Carpenter helps The Little Prince to their feet and they exit.
Fin.
Recordings
Several recordings exist of the complete work, the most widely distributed of which features the husband and wife team of Virginia Zeani and Nicola Rossi-Lemeni with tenor Giuseppe Gismondo; this live 1962 recording from San Remo was issued on the Italian Cetra label as a 3-LP set and, later, a 2-CD set. A live concert performance from the Netherlands, 1992, starring Susan Neves and Daniel Galvez-Vallejo, was issued on the Bongiovanni label.
Another recording exists on archive.org with the performing forces at the Teatro Lirico, Milan with Giancarlo Boldrini (L'Orco), Regina De Ventura (Mariella), Jesus Pinto (Il piccolo Marat), Fulvia Bertoli (La principessa), Marco Cinghari (Il soldato), Maurizio Picconi (Il carpentiere), Antonio Mantesi (La spia, Enrico Rotoli (Il ladro), Delfo Menicucci (Il Tigre), Maurizio Razzauti (Il portatore di ordini), Luca Stefanini (Il capitano dei Marats), Carlo Messeri (il prigioniero), Direttore Mauro Ceccanti.
Among significant recordings of selections of the opera are Hippolito Lazaro's 1926 recording (with soprano Mafalda de Voltri) of approximately 14 minutes of the opera beginning at "Sei tu? Che cosa vieni a fare?... Va' nella tua stanzetta".
References
1921 operas
Italian-language operas
Operas
Operas by Pietro Mascagni
Operas set in France
Millersport is a hamlet in the town of Clarence in Erie County, New York, United States. It is the namesake of the Millersport Highway, known legally as New York State Route 263.
Millersport is the childhood home of American author Joyce Carol Oates.
References
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Erie County, New York
James Nares (19 April 1715 – 10 February 1783) was an English composer of mostly sacred vocal works, though they also composed for the harpsichord and organ.
Life
Nares are born in Stanwell, although soon after their family moved to Oxfordshire. Their brother was a justice, Sir George Nares.
They began their career as Deputy Organist of St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle, and was later appointed Organist of York Minster in 1735. They married soon after that. Nares was a pupil of Bernard Gates (Master of the King's Choristers), Johann Christoph Pepusch and William Croft. Their patron and friend was John Fountayne, the Dean of York.
They replaced their tutor, Gates, as chorister at the Chapel Royal in 1756. At this time the University of Cambridge bestowed the degree Doctor of Music upon him.
They were a assistant organist at St George's Chapel in Windsor, then succeeded Salisbury at York Minster, before returning to the Chapel Royal in 1756 to become organist and composer to George III, succeeding Maurice Greene. It is believed that Nares was the first person to systematically publish a series of keyboard lessons for students of the piano.
Nares resigned their duties in July 1781 due to declining health, and died 10 February 1783.
Nares are buried in St. Margaret's, Westminster. Their service in F and many of their anthems are still used in cathedrals.
They were the father of Revd Robert Nares (1753–1829), the philologist and author.
Compositions
The Souls of the Righteous, 1734
Set of eight Harpsichord Lessons, 1747
Five Harpsichord lessons, Op. 2, 1759
Elegy on Mr. Handel, 1759
Il Principio or a Regular Introduction to playing on the Harpsichord or Organ, 1760
Six Fugues for Organ, 1772
Three Easy Harpsichord Lessons, 1778
A Treatise on Singing, 1778
The Royal Pastoral, 1778
Collection of Catches, Canons and Glees, 1778
Six Organ Fugues, 1778
Second Treatise on Singing, with a set of English duets, 1778
Twenty Anthems, 1778
A Morning and Evening Service and Six Anthems, 1788
Sources
James Nares. Il Principio or a Regular Introduction to playing on the Harpsichord or Organ, a Facsimile of the Original Edition of 1760 with Introduction Notes by Robin Langley, London, Oxford University Press, 1981.
Notes
References
Sources
External links
James Nares at the Nares genealogy project
Hymn tunes composed by James Nares at Hymnary.org
Ingenious Jestings Julian Perkins (Avie Records, AV 2152). The world-première recording of James Nares's Eight Setts of Lessons for the Harpsichord (London, 1747).''
1715 births
1783 deaths
18th-century classical composers
18th-century keyboardists
18th-century British male musicians
Cathedral organists
Classical composers of church music
English classical composers
English male classical composers
Masters of the Children of the Chapel Royal
Mallung or mallum (), is a shredded vegetable Sri Lankan dish that comprises lightly cooked/sautéed greens, with fresh coconut and any number of spices and chili. Mallung is a common condiment and is eaten at almost every meal. Most meals are usually served with one or two different mallungs, which play an important part in nutrition as this is how locals got a regular vitamin intake in their diet. The word 'mallung' or 'mallum' simply means 'wilted'.
The central ingredient of mallung is a leafy green vegetable, finely shredded which is then combined with a standard set of ingredients, to enhance and support their flavour. A number of different plants are used to make it, including cassia, passion fruit leaves, watercress or water spinach leaves. In western countries leafy vegetables, such as spinach, cabbage, chard and kale are used as substitutes for traditional Sri Lankan greens. In general, this selection comprises chopped green chillies, chopped shallots, chopped curry leaves, crushed garlic, a chopped clove of garlic together with half a cup of shredded coconut for every kilogram of moist leafy greens, seasoned with turmeric, salt and pepper, powdered maldive fish and lime juice.
There are a range of bitter, medicinal and wild greens that are commonly used in mallung in Sri Lanka, with mostly the leaves of native plants used. One of the most popular mallungs is made with gotukola (Centella asiatica), other popular varieties include kankun (Ipomoea aquatica), kathurumurunga (Sesbania grandiflora) and mukunuwenna (Alternanthera sessilis). Other herbal leaves like aguna (Dregea volubilis), (Cheilocostus speciosus) and passionfruit leaves are also used in mallungs.
References
Salads
Sri Lankan cuisine
Sri Lankan vegetable dishes
Foods containing coconut
Finazzi is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alexandre Finazzi (born 1973), Brazilian footballer and manager
Lucas Finazzi (born 1990), Brazil-born Italian footballer
See also
Tinazzi
Italian-language surnames
Elections were held in Illinois on Tuesday, November 3, 1992.
Primary elections were held on March 17.
Election information
Turnout
For the primaries, turnout was 43.68%, with 2,561,882 ballots cast (with 1,663,422 Democratic ballots, 878,438 Republican ballots, and 49,672 nonpartisan ballots cast).
For the general election, turnout was 78.24%, with 5,164,357 ballots cast.
Straight-ticket voting
Illinois had a straight-ticket voting option in 1992.
Federal elections
United States President
Illinois voted for Democratic ticket of Bill Clinton and Al Gore.
This represented a realigning election for Illinois in regards to presidential politics. This was the first time since 1964 that Illinois voted for the Democratic ticket in a presidential election. This ended a streak of six consecutive elections in which the state had voted for the Republican ticket. It also began a streak that, as of the 2016 election, continues, in which the state has voted for the Democratic ticket in seven consecutive presidential elections.
United States Senate
Incumbent Democrat Alan J. Dixon was unseated, losing the Democratic primary to Carol Moseley Braun. Braun defeated Republican nominee Richard S. Williamson in the general election, becoming the first female African-American senator in United States history, as well as the first African-American elected to the United States Senate as a Democrat, and the first female senator elected from Illinois.
United States House
Illinois had lost two congressional seats in the reapportionment following the 1990 United States Census. All 20 of Illinois' remaining seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 1992.
Before the election, Democrats held fifteen seats from Illinois, while Republicans held seven. In 1992, Democrats won twelve seats while Republicans won eight.
State elections
State Senate
As this was the first election following a redistricting, all of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 1992. Republicans flipped control of the Illinois Senate.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 1992. Democrats retained control of the Illinois House of Representatives.
Trustees of the University of Illinois
An election was held for three of nine seats for Trustees of University of Illinois system for six-year terms.
The election saw the reelection of incumbent Democrat Judith Calder to a second, as well as the election of new trustees, Democrats Jeff Gindorf and Ada Lopez.
Incumbent Republican Dave Downey, who had been appointed in 1991, lost reelection. Third-term incumbent Democrat Nina T. Shepherd was not nominated for reelection.
Judicial elections
Judicial elections were held.
Ballot measures
Illinois voters voted on a two ballot measures in 1992.
Two of the measures were legislatively referred constitutional amendments. In order to be approved, the legislatively referred constitutional amendments required either 60% support among those specifically voting on the amendment or 50% support among all ballots cast in the elections.
Crime Victim Rights Amendment
Voters approved the Crime Victim Rights Amendment (also known as "Amendment 1", a legislatively referred constitutional amendment which added Article I, Section 8.1 to the Constitution of Illinois. This guarantees crime victims certain rights, including the right to receive information about cases in which they are involved.
Education Equality Amendment
The Education Equality Amendment (also known as "Amendment 2"), a legislatively referred constitutional amendment which would have amended of Article X, Section 1 of the Constitution of Illinois to mandate for equal opportunity in education, failed to meet either threshold to amend the constitution.
Advisory referendums
Unfunded Mandates on Local Government referendum
An advisory referendum on unfunded mandates on local government was supported by voters.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
References
Illinois
SMS Radetzky was the first of the three pre-dreadnought battleships built for the Austro-Hungarian Navy (K.u.K. Kriegsmarine). They were named for the 19th century Austrian Field Marshal Joseph Radetzky von Radetz. Radetzky and their sisters, and , were the last pre-dreadnoughts built by the Austro-Hungarian Navy—they were followed by the larger and significantly more powerful dreadnoughts.
Radetzky was built by the shipbuilding company Stabilimento Tecnico in Trieste and commissioned into the fleet on 15 January 1911. The ship conducted training cruises in the Mediterranean before the outbreak of World War I in mid-1914. During the war, Radetzky operated largely as part of a fleet in being alongside the rest of the Austro-Hungarian Navy; in doing so, the ships tied down considerable naval forces from the Triple Entente. Radetzky did participate in some offensive operations, primarily shore bombardments in the Adriatic Sea against French, Montenegrin, and Italian targets.
Towards the end of 1918, with the war going against the Austrians, Radetzky was prepared to be transferred to the State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs. On 10 November 1918 — six days after the Austrian armistice — Yugoslav navy officers sailed the battleship out of Pola and surrendered it to a squadron of American submarine chasers. Under the terms of the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, the transfer was not recognized; instead, Radetzky was given to Italy and broken up for scrap.
Construction
Radetzky was built at the Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino dockyard in Trieste, the same place where their sister ships were built. They were the second ship of their class to be constructed and their kneel was laid down on 26 November 1907. The teak used on Radetzkys deck was the only material Austria-Hungary had to purchase abroad to build the ship. Radetzky was launched from the slipway on 3 July 1909, and commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian navy on 15 January 1911 and had a crew of 880 to 890 officers and men.
Radetzky was 138.8 m (455 ft 4 in) long, and had a beam of 24.6 m (80 ft 8 in) and a draft of 8.1 m (26 ft 9 in). They displaced normally, and up to with a full combat load. The ship was powered by two-shaft four-cylinder vertical triple expansion engines rated at 19,800 indicated horsepower and a top speed of . They had a maximum range of at a cruising speed of .
The ship's primary armament consisted of four 30.5 cm (12 in) 45-caliber guns in two twin gun turrets. This was augmented by a heavy secondary battery of eight 24 cm (9.4 in) guns in four wing turrets. The tertiary battery consisted of twenty 10 cm L/50 guns in casemated single mounts, two L/18 landing guns, four L/44 and one 47 mm L/33 quick-firing guns. After 1916-17 refits four Škoda 7 cm K16 anti-aircraft guns were installed. Three 45 cm (17.7 in) torpedo tubes were also carried, two on the beams and one in the stern.
Service history
Pre-war
One of Radetzkys first duties was to attend the British Coronation Review for King George V in Spithead in June 1911. Following their return to the Austro-Hungarian fleet, they conducted several training cruises in the eastern Mediterranean with their two sisters in 1912. Later that year, Radetzky and their sisters, under the command of Vice Admiral Maximilian Njegovan, took part in an international fleet demonstration in the Ionian Sea to protest the Balkan Wars. Among the ships from other navies were the British pre-dreadnought , the Italian pre-dreadnought , the French armored cruiser , and the German light cruiser . The combined flotilla, under the command of British Admiral Cecil Burney, proceeded to blockade the Montenegrin coast to prevent Serbian reinforcements from supporting the siege at Scutari.
During the operation, the first seaplanes to be used in combat were operated from Radetzky and their two sisters. This proved unsatisfactory, however, because the ships lacked cranes with which to lift the planes onto the deck, as well as the fact that the deck was too small to accommodate the aircraft. As a result of the pressure from the international blockade, Serbia withdrew its army from Scutari, which was then occupied by a joint Allied ground force. By 1913, the new dreadnoughts of the were coming into active service, and so Radetzky and their sisters were shifted from the 1st Division to the 2nd Division of the 1st Battle Squadron.
World War I
At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the German battlecruiser and light cruiser Breslau were coaling in Messina; British warships had begun to assemble outside the port in an attempt to trap the German ships. The German navy called upon its Austro-Hungarian allies to come to their aid; the Austro-Hungarian high command was initially hesitant, as they wished to avoid initiating hostilities with the British. However, when the Germans made clear they wanted the Austro-Hungarian fleet to steam only as far as Brindisi, the high command relented and sent the portion of the fleet that had by that time been mobilized, which included Radetzky, on the operation. The fleet sailed to the designated latitude, under strict orders to only actively assist the German ships while they were in Austro-Hungarian waters. After the German ships successfully broke out into the Mediterranean, the Austro-Hungarian fleet returned to port.
In October 1914, the French army established artillery batteries on Mount Lovčen to support the Army of Montenegro against the Austrian army at Cattaro. By the time they were operational, on 15 October, the Austro-Hungarians were ready with the pre-dreadnoughts of the . However, their 24 cm guns were insufficient to dislodge the French artillery batteries, and so Radetzky was sent to assist them. On 21 October, the ship arrived, and the gunfire from their 30.5 cm guns forced the French to abandon the position.
On 23 May 1915, between two and four hours after the Italian declaration of war reached the main Austro-Hungarian naval base at Pola, Radetzky and the rest of the fleet departed to bombard the Italian and Montenegrin coast. Their focus was on the important naval base at Ancona, and later the coast of Montenegro. The bombardment of Montenegro was part of the larger Austro-Hungarian campaign against the Kingdoms of Montenegro and Serbia, who were members of the Entente, during the first half of 1915. During the attack on Ancona and the surrounding coastline, Radetzky, as well as the cruisers and , and the destroyers , , and traveled south to cover the ships attacking Ancona. Upon finding no enemy ships in the region, the group bombarded the Termiti Islands, Viests, Manfredonia, and Barletta. After leaving the Gulf of Manfredonia Radetzky and the rest of the ships accompanying them sighted the first enemy ships of the day, two Italian destroyers. During the encounter, one Italian destroyer managed to escape the Austrian ships but the other, , was severely damaged. Only when a larger Italian force appeared did Radetzky and their accompanying ships abandon their attempts to capture the damaged destroyer.
Aside from the encounter with Turbine, Radetzky managed to destroy a railroad bridge near the town of Fermo, severely hampering the movement of troops and supplies in the region. Sixty-three Italian civilians and military personnel were killed in the bombardment. By the time Italian ships from Taranto and Brindisi arrived on the scene, the Austro-Hungarians were safely back in Pola.
The attack on Ancona was an immense success, and the Austro-Hungarian ships were largely unopposed during the entire operation. The objective of the bombardment was to delay the Italian Army from deploying its forces along the border with Austria-Hungary by destroying critical transportation systems. The surprise attack on Ancona succeeded in delaying the Italian deployment to the Alps for two weeks. This delay gave Austria-Hungary valuable time to strengthen its Italian border and re-deploy some of its troops from the Eastern and Balkan fronts.
Aside from the attack on Ancona, most of the Austro-Hungarian battleships were largely confined to Pola for the duration of the war. Their operations were limited by Admiral Anton Haus, the commander of the Austro-Hungarian Navy, who believed that they would need to husband their ships to counter any Italian attempt to seize the Dalmatian coast. Since coal was diverted to the newer Tegetthoff-class battleships, the remainder of the war saw Radetzky and the rest of the Austro-Hungarian Navy acting as a fleet in being. This resulted in the Allied blockade of the Otranto Strait. With their fleet blockaded in the Adriatic Sea, and facing a shortage of coal, Haus attempted to use mines and submarines, rather than battleships, to reduce the numerical superiority of the Allied navies.
End of the war
By October 1918, Austria prepared to transfer their entire fleet to the newly created State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs (later to become the Kingdom of Yugoslavia) in order to keep it out of Italian hands. On 10 November 1918, one day before the Allied Armistice with Germany, and six days after the Austrians and Italians agreed to the Armistice of Villa Giusti, Yugoslav officers with scratch crews sailed Radetzky and Zrínyi out of Pola. Once outside Pola, the ships spotted heavy units of the Italian fleet; the two battleships hoisted American flags and sailed south to escape. A squadron of US Navy submarine chasers operating off the city of Spalato accepted the surrender of Radetzky and Zrínyi. However, under the subsequent peace treaty, the Allied powers ignored the transfer of the Austro-Hungarian ships to the Yugoslav navy which had already taken place; instead, the ships were ceded to Italy. Radetzky was broken up in Italy between 1920 and 1921.
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
External links
Radetzky-class battleships
Ships built in Trieste
1909 ships
World War I battleships of Austria-Hungary
In the United States, the state governments have jurisdiction for issuing most professional licenses to individuals and corporations. In areas that naturally cross states' borders, the national government may be the issuer. Thus the Federal Aviation Administration certificates pilots and other aviation related professionals, such as mechanics and instructors. The Federal Communications Commission certifies persons operating and repairing amateur and many (depending on their power and frequencies) commercial radio transmitters. The Environmental Protection Agency requires that technicians recycling Freon be examined. In many of these areas the federal government approves organizations (and for the FAA designated pilot examiners) to test and certify applicants who meet its standards.
Fields that are regulated and licensed vary among individual states. Among regulated fields are health care professionals (medical doctors, nurses); psychologists; lawyers; teachers; engineers; social workers; occupational therapists; architects; tradesmen (plumbers, electricians); certain service industry workers (bartenders, massage therapists, barbers); and accounting professionals (CPA), among others.
It is now possible to verify an individual state license in all states online, via websites set up by each state government, through different agencies. Some private websites provide links to all such databases, in one location.
License standards and issues
Licensing standards can differ widely from state to state, and the fields and occupations which states require to be licensed may differ widely. Some states may require a written examination for a license, while others may require several years of field experience as a student or intern, or both.
The requirements regarding who must be licensed may include uncommon or strange licenses; for example, four states require licensing for interior designers. The State of Illinois requires four exams to become a "nail technician," or manicurist.
On the other hand, there are states which do not license potentially dangerous professions such as radiologic technologists, despite their delivering ionizing radiation to the general public. This is an example of a less-standardized licensure that is part of the licensing debate. For example, the gold standard in radiologic technology is a JCERT accredited 24-month program, but some states allow for only 6-week programs.
There is often debate about the level and type of regulation needed. For example, Texas' law regarding horse floaters has been debated since at least 2007, as state regulations which prohibit horse floating by anyone who is not a licensed veterinarian, regardless of experience.
Some standards and procedures are the product of state boards working together. For example, the United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE) is a medical exam which was created by the Federation of State Medical Boards.
Immigration law
Aliens who are not lawfully present in the United States are not allowed to receive state or local public benefits, which includes professional and commercial licensure.
References
External links
Link pages
List of state verification sites, at noah-health.org. (New York Online Access to Health.) Archived from the original on 2012-04-14.
List of state verification sites, especially for medical licenses, at circare.org (Citizens for Responsible Care and Research)
Samples of search sites
Illinois state site - features pull-down menu, listing all licensed professions
See also
Licensure
Driver's license
Accreditation
Law of Agency
Licenses
Henry Dixon may refer to:
Henry Aldous Dixon (1890–1967), U.S. Representative from Utah
Henry Dixon (Irish republican)
Henry Dixon (photographer) (1820–1893), English photographer
Henry Horatio Dixon (1869–1953), plant biologist and professor at Trinity College Dublin
Hal Dixon (biochemist) (1928–2008), their son, British biochemist
Henry Hall Dixon (1822–1870), English sporting writer
Henry Dixon (priest) (1874–1939), Anglican priest
Harry D. Dixon (1925–2012), member of the Georgia House of Representatives
See also
Hal Dixon (disambiguation)
Henry Dickson (born 1966), Nigerian politician
Henry Newton Dickson (1866–1922), Scottish geographer
David Schultz (born June 1, 1955) is an American former professional wrestler. They competed in North American regional promotions Stampede Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance, and the American Wrestling Association in the late 1970s and early 1980s. During their short stint in the World Wrestling Federation in 1984, they gained notoriety by assaulting 20/20 reporter John Stossel during a report on the legitimacy of professional wrestling.
Professional wrestling career
Early career
Trained by Herb Welch, Schultz began wrestling in NWA Mid-America during the mid-1970s eventually teaming with Roger Kirby to defeat Bill Dundee and Big Bad John for the NWA Mid-America Tag Team Championship in May 1976. They would also team with Bill Ash to win the NWA Mid-America Tag Team Championship before losing the titles to George Gulas and Gorgeous George, Jr. later that year.
While in the Maritimes, they also defeated Terry Sawyer for the Canadian Heavyweight Championship in Halifax, Nova Scotia on August 9, 1977. Feuding with Sawyer over the title, they would briefly lose the title back to Sawyer before regaining it on August 13 and remained champion until the title became inactive before the end of the year.
Although losing to Bob Armstrong in a match for the NWA Southeastern Heavyweight Championship in 1978, they later regained the title the following year feuding over the title with Ron Slinker in mid-1979. Teaming with Dennis Condrey, the two later won the NWA Southeast Tag Team Championship after defeating Dick Slater and Paul Orndorff in November 1979 and successfully defended the titles for several months before the title was held up during a match against Mike Stallings and The Matador on February 3, 1980 and lost the titles to them in a rematch a week later.
From the Maritimes to Hartford
Returning to the Maritimes region, they wrestled as David von Schultz in Atlantic Grand Prix Wrestling later becoming the first AGPW US Heavyweight Champion on June 26, 1980. Defending the title against veterans such as Leo Burke, Stephen Petitpas and The Great Malumba throughout the summer, they eventually lost the title while they and the Cuban Assassin feuded with AGPW North American Tag Team Champions Leo Burke and Stephen Petitpas during their last weeks in the region.
During the next several years, they began wrestling for Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling as part of Foley's Army feuding with Leo Burke and Mr. Hito over the Stampede Wrestling North American Heavyweight Championship during 1981 and also faced AWA World champion Nick Bockwinkel in a non-title interpromotional match. They also briefly teamed with Wayne Ferris as the Memphis Mafia before Ferris turned on them in a storyline in which they had been "bought" by manager J.R. Foley. The two would continue feuding with each other throughout Western Canada and eventually defeated Ferris in a steel cage match in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1983.
In 1984, while competing in Memphis, promoter Vince McMahon had become impressed with Schultz after watching an interview in which they had made derogatory remarks about Hulk Hogan during their brief stay in the area. He, along with tag team partner "Macho Man" Randy Savage and their brother Lanny Poffo, would become one of the first major regional wrestlers to be signed by Vince McMahon. Within a short time, had become one of the top "heels" in the promotion being aligned with Roddy Piper, Bob Orton and Paul Orndorff in their feud with "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka and later teamed with Piper and Orndorff to defeat S. D. Jones, Rocky Johnson and Bobo Brazil in a 6-man tag team match at the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland. On June 17, they would also face WWF World Heavyweight Champion Hulk Hogan in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Battery on John Stossel
Schultz had a notorious encounter on December 28, 1984, with 20/20 reporter John Stossel while Stossel was backstage at Madison Square Garden doing a story about professional wrestling's secrets. During an interview Stossel told Schultz that they thought pro wrestling was fake and Schultz's response was to hit Stossel in the head twice, knocking them to the floor each time. The attack, which attracted a large amount of media coverage, was later aired on national television including ABC News which reported that the network had received more than 1,000 calls from viewers inquiring about Stossel's health.
Marvin Kohn, a deputy commissioner at the New York State Athletic Commission, had been present at the arena during the incident and immediately suspended Schultz for their actions. Although called by Commissioner Jose Torres to attend a hearing before the commission, Kohn later reported that Schultz had written a letter to the commission admitting "that they had acted improperly and apologized both to the commission and to Mr. Stossel" and further stated "I admit the allegations ... I intend the commission to know that I did not intend to hurt John Stossel. I apologize to the commission and to John Stossel."
Stossel stated that they suffered from pain and buzzing in their ears eight weeks after the assault. Stossel later claimed they were unaware of Schultz's apology and would pursue their action in court although commented they would be "less likely to sue" if the after-effects of their injury disappeared. Stossel eventually filed a lawsuit against the World Wrestling Federation, and settled out of court for $280,000. In their book, Myths, Lies, and Downright Stupidity, Stossel writes that they have come to regret filing charges, having adopted the belief that lawsuits harm hundreds of innocent people.
Although Schultz has consistently maintained that World Wrestling Federation officials told them to hit Stossel (specifically, they insist that Vince McMahon themselves said, "Blast them (Stossel), tear their ass up, stay in character -- 'Doctor D'..."), Schultz ultimately was fired. Many industry insiders believe that it was not because of their actions against Stossel, but rather because they challenged Mr. T to a fight backstage at a WWF show at Madison Square Garden.
Later career and retirement
Moving to Connecticut, Schultz opened a successful bail bonds business and began a second career as a professional bounty hunter.
Schultz briefly reappeared in the spotlight in the early 1990s when Vince McMahon was accused of illegally distributing anabolic steroids. Although Hulk Hogan was considered to be the prosecution's major witness, Schultz was one of several former WWF wrestlers called to testify against McMahon at the trial although McMahon would eventually be acquitted of all charges against him.
Post-wrestling
During the early 2000s, Schultz was under consideration for induction into the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum in November 2003, and the following month, attended the Fan Slam Convention in Totowa, New Jersey on December 6, 2003. During the event, they participated in a Q&A panel which included Hulk Hogan, Ted DiBiase, Virgil, Gary Michael Cappetta, Chief Jay Strongbow and The Missing Link.
In October 2006, Schultz was honored along with J. J. Dillon and Missy Hyatt at a dinner banquet hosted by the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and attended by former WWF wrestlers from the 1970s and 80s. During the event, they would participate on a Q&A panel discussing the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and taking questions from audience members as well as conducted a "shoot interview" with RF Video. As part of their agreement, RF Video donated $500 in their name to the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame Building Fund and later presenting a check to Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame President Tony Vellano.
Schultz released their book, Don't Call Me Fake, on January 23, 2018.
On April 28, 2020, Dark Side of the Ring aired a second season episode that focuses on Schultz's wrestling career, their assault on John Stossel that ended their wrestling career, and their transition as a bounty hunter.
Championships and accomplishments
Atlantic Grand Prix Wrestling
AGPW United States Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Cauliflower Alley Club
Men's Wrestling Award (2019)
Eastern Sports Association
NWA Canadian Heavyweight Championship (Halifax version) (2 times)
Lutte Internationale
Canadian International Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
NWA Mid-America
NWA Southern Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Dennis Condrey
NWA Mid-America Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Bill Ash
NWA Six-Man Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Great Togo and Tojo Yamamoto
Southeastern Championship Wrestling
NWA Southeastern Heavyweight Championship (Northern Division) (1 time)
NWA Southeastern Heavyweight Championship (Southern Division) (1 time)
NWA Southeastern Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Dennis Condrey
Northeast Championship Wrestling
NCW Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 253 of the top 500 singles wrestlers of the "PWI Years" in 2003
Stampede Wrestling
Stampede North American Heavyweight Championship (3 times)
Stampede Wrestling Hall of Fame (Class of 1995)
Universal Wrestling Alliance
UWA Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
References
Further reading
Oliver, Greg and Steven Johnson. The Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame: The Heels. Toronto: ECW Press, 2007.
External links
1955 births
American male professional wrestlers
Bounty hunters
Living people
People from Madison County, Tennessee
Professional wrestlers from Tennessee
Professional wrestling controversies
Stampede Wrestling alumni
20th-century professional wrestlers
Stampede Wrestling North American Heavyweight Champions
Antonio P. Santos Sr. (April 10, 1920 — February 7, 1988), better known as Tony Santos Sr., was a Filipino film and television actor and director.  They are known for their work as lead actor in Badjao and Anak Dalita, as well as for the roles they played in Sakada and Sister Stella L. They also appeared on the long-running TV series Flordeluna.
They have won best supporting actor awards from the Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences, the Philippine Movie Press Club, and the Manunuri ng Pelikulang Pilipino.  They are one of Behn Cervantes' favorite Filipino actors.
Personal Life
Santos Sr. was married to non-showbiz wife with their children: Mer T. Santos (Jan. 13, 1940-April 15, 2007), Maximo T. Santos Sr. (May 11, 1946-Aug. 13, 2021), and Antonio "Tony" Santos Jr. (Dec. 14, 1940-Oct. 8, 2009).
Filmography (selected)
Death
Santos Sr. died on February 7, 1988 on undiclosed because they were 67. They buried in Manila North Cemetry in Sta. Ana, City of Manila.
References
1920 births
1988 deaths
Filipino male film actors
Filipino male television actors
Filipino television directors
Filipino film directors
Built to Last is the tenth studio album by power metal band HammerFall, released on 4 November 2016. It is the first album to feature David Wallin on drums.
Track listing
Personnel
Joacim Cans – vocals
Oscar Dronjak – guitars
Pontus Norgren – guitars
Fredrik Larsson – bass
David Wallin – drums
Charts
References
External links
Official HammerFall website
2016 albums
HammerFall albums
Napalm Records albums
Murillo Family Observatory is a teaching and research observatory for California State University, San Bernardino, located on Badger Hill on the northern portion of campus, in San Bernardino, the U.S. state of California. It is the newest research observatory in the Inland Empire and in the California State University system.
The observatory consists of two telescopes which are used for research and teaching; a 20-inch Ritchey-Chretien and a 17-inch Corrected Dall-Kirkham Astrograph. In addition to the research telescopes the observatory has an observation deck with piers where small telescopes may be set up for undergraduate laboratory classes or open house nights. It serves as both an academic and community resource, with public viewing nights and special astronomy events for the community.
References
California State University, San Bernardino
I Can Wonder What You Did with Your Day is an album by Julie Doiron, released on March 10, 2009.
Recorded at the home studio of Rick White, the album's producer and Doiron's onetime bandmate in Eric's Trip, the album is more rock-oriented than Doiron's other solo albums, revisiting the sound and style of Eric's Trip.
The album's first single, "Consolation Prize", was released to radio in early February.
Alternate versions of the songs "Heavy Snow" and "Nice to Come Home" were released on a split 7-inch single in May 2009. The single's other side featured the only two songs ever released by Calm Down It's Monday, a band which consisted of Doiron and Frederick Squire.
"The Life of Dreams" appeared in an iPhone commercial in July 2014.
Track listing
All songs written by Julie Doiron, except "Spill Yer Lungs" and "Blue" by Frederick Squire.
"Life of Dreams"
"Spill Yer Lungs"
"Lovers of the World"
"Tailor"
"Heavy Snow"
"Nice to Come Home"
"Consolation Prize"
"Je le savais"
"When Brakes Get Wet"
"Borrowed Minivans"
"Blue"
"Glad to Be Alive"
References
2009 albums
Julie Doiron albums
Jagjaguwar albums
Pish Osta (, also Romanized as Pīsh Ostā; also known as Kūh-e Pīshostā, Pīshāsīāb, Pīsh Asīāb, Pīsh Āsyāb, Pīsh Ostād, Sar Āsīāb, Sar-e Āsīāb, and Sar-i-Āsīāb) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 36 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Shortandy District (, ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Shortandy. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Pierre Joseph Eyma (25 July 1903 – 1945) was a Dutch botanist.
Eyma was born in Maarssen, Netherlands, in 1903. They studied at Utrecht University and served as an assistant at the university's herbarium between 1929 and 1937. Eyma earned a doctorate in 1932 for a taxonomic thesis on Surinamese plants. They travelled to Java in 1937 and in the following years made numerous botanical expeditions throughout the Dutch East Indies. Beginning in 1940, Eyma worked as an assistant at Herbarium Bogoriense in Bogor, Java. They died in 1945 in a Japanese POW camp near Palembang, Sumatra.
A number of plant species have been named after him, including Eurya eymae, Nepenthes eymae, and Randia eymai.
References
1903 births
1945 deaths
People from Maarssen
20th-century Dutch botanists
Utrecht University alumni
Dutch people who died in Japanese internment camps
Skye Records was a United States-based record label established in early 1968 by music executive/producer/artist manager Norman Schwartz, in partnership with musician/arranger Gary McFarland, guitarist Gábor Szabó, and vibraphonist Cal Tjader.
According to an April 6, 1968, front page article in Billboard, the label was intended to attract "established artists who are unhappy with their present record company affiliation." The article said that Schwartz "believes that too many recording artists have been shortchanged when it comes to their agreements with record companies and that they have not been given enough control over their recording output." The label offered artists profit-sharing, insurance benefits, and performance subsidies.
Its catalog was primarily jazzed, although some Skye artists offered pop, soft rock, and orchestral concepts. The three musician partners each released three solo albums on the label. Szabó also collaborated with vocalist Lena Horne on the release, Lena and Gabor, for which McFarland provided arrangements. McFarland arranged and conducted the Grady Tate album Slaves, and produced and arranged the soft rock album Genesis, by Wendy and Bonnie.
The Horne/Szabó album scored a surprising Top 40 hit in 1970 with "Watch What Happens."
The label released 21 studio albums before declaring bankruptcy in 1970. The rights to the label's catalog were retained by Schwartz, who licensed a handful of titles to Buddha.
In 1978 Schwartz founded Gryphon Records, through which they reissued a number of Skye titles, as well as new recordings by such artists as Mel Torme, Michel Legrand, Woody Herman and Buddy Rich.
The U.S.-founded Skye has no relation to a label of the same name founded in Scotland in 2003.
Artists
Ruth Brown
Lena Horne
Gary McFarland
Airto Moreira
Armando Peraza
Chuck Rainey
Gábor Szabó
Grady Tate
Cal Tjader
Wendy and Bonnie
References
American record labels
Jazz record labels
Motu Kotawa is one of three islands in the Pukapuka atoll of the Cook Islands. It forms the western apex of Pukapuka's triangular atoll, and is the smallest of the three islands. The island is low-lying, with a maximum elevation of 3m above sea level. The island is uninhabited and used as a food source. It is home to numerous Frigatebirds, as well as plantations of taro, papaya, breadfruit, coconuts and bananas, and is regulated by the village of Yato. A reef extends from the west of the island, connecting it to the islet of Toka.
References
Pukapuka
Carlos Marichal (born 1948) is a Mexican economic historian who currently works at El Colegio de México, where they have taught since 1989. They have done research and published widely on the economic and financial history of Latin America.
Life and career
They received their Ph.D. in history from Harvard University (1977) and has been visiting professor at Stanford University (1998-1999), Universidad Carlos III de Madrid (1996), École des hautes études en sciences sociales (1994), Universidad Autónoma de Barcelona (1990, 1993 and 2009) and Universidad Complutense de Madrid (1987).
Their best known work is the book A Century of Debt Crises in Latin America: From Independence to the Great Depression, 1820-1930 (Princeton University Press, 1989). Barry Eichengreen wrote about Marichal's book as follows:
 They are also the author of Bankruptcy of Empire: Mexican Silver and the Wars Between Spain, Britain, and France (Cambridge University Press, 2007). In September 2008, this work received the Alice Hanson Jones Biennial Prize of the Economic History Association of the United States, as “Outstanding Book on North American Economic History”. Almost a year later in August 2009, the same work was awarded the Jaume Vicens Vives Prize of the Spanish Economic History Association, being judged the best book published on the economic history of Spain and Latin America in the biennial period of 2007–2008.
Their more recently book publication is Nueva historia de las grandes crisis financieras, 1873-2008 (Random House Mondadori, 2010).  They are also the editor of a dozen collective monographs on the economic history of Latin America, including studies on banking and fiscal history as well as a number of joint studies on history of enterprise in Mexico in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
 They are founder and past president of the Mexican Economic History Association (2001-2004), and has served as member of the executive committee of the International Economic History Association from 2000 to 2008. They received a Guggenheim fellowship in 1994-1995 and a Tinker Fellowship in 1997/98, as well other awards.  They are also member of the academic boards of ten international journals on economic history and Latin American history, they are member of the Mexican Sistema Nacional de Investigadores, at the highest level. From 2003 until 2008 they were a member of the Board of Governors of El Colegio de México.
Books
As author
Nueva Historia de las Grandes Crisis Financieras (Random House Mondadori, 2010) .
Bankruptcy of Empire: Mexican Silver and the Wars Between Spain, Britain and France, 1760-1810 (Cambrdige University Press, 2007) .
La Bancarrota del Virreinato: 1780-1810: La Nueva España y las Finanzas del Imperio Español. (Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1999) .
El primer siglo de la hacienda pública del Estado de México, 1824-1923. with Manuel Miño and Paolo Riguzzi (El Colegio Mexiquense, 1994) .
A Century of Debt Crises in Latin America: From Independence to the Great Depression, 1820-1930 (Princeton University Press, 1989) .
Historia de la Deuda Externa de América Latina (Alianza Editorial, 1989) .
La Revolución Liberal y los Primeros partidos políticos en España, 1834-1844 (Cátedra, 1980) .
Spain, A New Society, 1834-1844 (Tamesis, 1977) .
As editor
Pensar el Antimperialismo: Ensayos sobre Historia Intelectual de América Latina. ed. with Alexandra Pita. (El Colegio de México/ Universidad de Colima, 2012).
El secreto del imperio: los situados coloniales en el siglo XVIIIed. with Johanna von Grafenstein.(El Colegio de México / Instituto Mora, 2012).
La banque francaise en Amérique Latine with Albert Broder. (Maison des Sciences de l´Homme, 2010).
Latinoamérica y España, 1800-1850. Un crecimiento económico nada excepcional ed. with Enrique Llopis. (Marcial Pons-Instituto Mora, 2009)
Crear la nación, los nombres de los países de América Latina ed. with José Carlos Chiaramonte and Aimer Granados.(Sudamericana, 2008).
Crónica Gráfica de los Impuestos en México, Siglos XVI-XX(Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público, 2003)
La Banca Regional en México 1870-1930 ed. with Mario Cerutti. (Fondo de Cultura Económica / El Colegio de México, 2003)
La banca en México, 1820-1920, ed. with Leonor Ludlow. (nstituto Mora / El Colegio de México / Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México-Instituto de Investigaciones Históricas / El Colegio de Michoacán, 1998).
Un siglo de deuda pública en México ed. with Leonor Ludlow (El Colegio de México, 1998).
Foreign Investment in Latin America: Impact on Economic Development, 1850-1930 (Universitá Bocconi, 1996).
Las inversiones extranjeras en América Latina, 1850-1930: nuevos debates y problemas en historia económica comparada (El Colegio de México / Fideicomiso Historia de las Américas / Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1995.)
La formación de la banca central en España y América Latina ed. with Pedro Tedde. ( Banco de España, 1994).
Banca y Poder en México, 1880-1925ed. with Leonor Ludlow (Grijalbo, 1986).
References
External links
Marichal's personal web site
Marichal´s Resume at El Colegio de México
Website devoted to Mexico´s Oil Industry History managed by Carlos Marichal
Website with scans of official documents of the Mexican Treasury between 1822 - 1910 managed by Carlos Marichal.
Living people
Latin Americanists
Historians of Latin America
Harvard University alumni
1948 births
Charles III University of Madrid faculty
Kenney Glacier () is a glacier long flowing northwest from The Pyramid and The Saddlestone into Depot Glacier, near the head of Hope Bay, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica. It was mapped in 1945 and 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), was resurveyed by the FIDS in 1955, and was named for Richard Kenney, assistant surveyor at Hope Bay in 1954 and 1955, who made a detailed local survey of the area between Hope Bay and Duse Bay.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Trinity Peninsula
Javits may refer to:
People
Jacob Javits (1904–1986), American politician
Marian Javits (1925–2017), American actor, arts patron, and wife of Jacob Javits
Eric M. Javits (born 1931), American diplomat, nephew of Jacob Javits
Facilities and structures
Javits Building, Manhattan building and the tallest federal building in the U.S.
Javits Center, Manhattan convention center
Javits Lecture Center, Stony Brook University lecture center
See also
Javitz, surname
Javet, surname
Jarvis (disambiguation)
Palm Beach is a settlement on Waiheke Island in northern New Zealand. The eponymous beach is named for phoenix palms at the eastern end, and has safe swimming and white sand.
Demographics
The statistical area of Oneroa East-Palm Beach, which includes several bays on the north coast of Waiheke, covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Oneroa East-Palm Beach had a population of 1,254 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 75 people (6.4%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 117 people (10.3%) since the 2006 census. There were 513 households, comprising 612 males and 642 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.95 males per female. The median age was 47.0 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 192 people (15.3%) aged under 15 years, 171 (13.6%) aged 15 to 29, 600 (47.8%) aged 30 to 64, and 288 (23.0%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 90.7% European/Pākehā, 10.8% Māori, 4.1% Pacific peoples, 3.1% Asian, and 3.8% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 31.1, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 60.8% had no religion, 24.6% were Christian, 1.4% had Māori religious beliefs, 0.7% were Hindu, 0.5% were Muslim, 0.7% were Buddhist and 5.0% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 384 (36.2%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 102 (9.6%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $33,700, compared with $31,800 nationally. 261 people (24.6%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 477 (44.9%) people were employed full-time, 189 (17.8%) were part-time, and 18 (1.7%) were unemployed.
Gallery
References
Beaches of the Auckland Region
Populated places on Waiheke Island
"Welcome to Republic City" is the first episode of the Nickelodeon series The Legend of Korra. The series premiered online on March 24, 2012 and on Nickelodeon on April 14, 2012, as a special movie sequel to the original series, Avatar: The Last Airbender.
The setting of the second series has changed dramatically from the first series. Most events take place in a city known as Republic City, which is a "steampunk" style city. Most notably, the access to electricity in the new series substantiates the passing of time between the two series.
Plot
57 years after the end of the Hundred Year War, three members of the White Lotus respond to claims from the Southern Water Tribe of a child as the Avatar by meeting 4-year-old Korra, the reincarnation of Aang who is already capable of bending water, earth, and fire.
13 years later, a now 17-year-old Korra has conquered the art and skill of waterbending, earthbending, and firebending in the Fortress—a place meant to teach the Avatar the elements away from harm—but has yet to learn airbending. Them waterbending master, Katara, who is now an old woman (with three grown children fathered by the deceased Avatar Aang), lets Korra go to Republic City after Katara's youngest son Tenzin is not able to teach Korra airbending at the fortress (due to being a member of the council of the United Republic) and seeing Korra frustrated by their isolation. Korra travels with their Polar bear dog, Naga, to Republic City, where they get into a fight with a group of men who were going to rob an old man in the city. After being arrested for the resulting collateral damage, they meet Chief Lin Beifong, Toph‘s daughter, who is unhappy at Korra's arrival seeing it as a danger to the city. However, Tenzin bails them out of jail, preparing to send them back to the South Pole until they realize that the Avatar is a vital part of the idea of Republic City, thus allowing them to stay and train in airbending. Meanwhile, Amon, leader of an anti-bender equalist group, learns of Korra's arrival, and tells their followers that they will have to accelerate their plans.
Reception
The Legend of Korra received positive critical reviews. The premiere averaged 4.5 million viewers ranking it as basic cable's number-one kids' show and top animated program for the week with total viewers. The Legend of Korra also ranks as the network's most-watched animated series premiere in three years.
References
External links
Book 1, Ep 1: "Welcome to Republic City" at Nickelodeon
The Legend of Korra episodes
2012 American television episodes
American television series premieres
Television films as pilots
Films directed by Joaquim Dos Santos
The Australian national cricket team toured South Africa in April 2000. They played 3 One Day Internationals.
Squads
LOI series summary
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
External links
Cricinfo
References
2000 in Australian cricket
2000 in South African cricket
South African cricket seasons from 1970–71 to 1999–2000
1999–2000
International cricket competitions from 1997–98 to 2000
John Joseph Parle (May 26, 1920 – July 10, 1943) was a United States Naval Reserve officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for their actions in World War II. Parle was a 1942 ROTC graduate of Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska.
On July 9, 1943, Parle was serving as an ensign and was involved in the preparations for the Allied invasion of Sicily. On that day, they noticed a fire aboard a small boat loaded with explosives and ammunition. Knowing that an explosion would alert the defenders on Sicily of the impending invasion, they rushed to put out the fire. Although successful in dousing the flames, they later died of smoke inhalation.
Parle, aged 23 at their death, was buried at the Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in their birth city of Omaha, Nebraska.
Medal of Honor citation
Ensign Parle's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
For valor and courage above and beyond the call of duty as Officer-in-Charge of Small Boats in the during the amphibious assault on the island of Sicily, 9–10 July 1943. Realizing that a detonation of explosives would prematurely disclose to the enemy the assault about to be carried out, and with full knowledge of the peril involved, Ens. Parle unhesitatingly risked their lives to extinguish a smoke pot accidentally ignited in a boat carrying charges of high explosives, detonating fuses and ammunition. Undaunted by fire and blinding smoke, they entered the craft, quickly snuffed out a burning fuse, and after failing in their desperate efforts to extinguish the fire pot, finally seized it with both hands and threw it over the side. Although they succumbed a week later from smoke and fumes inhaled, Ens. Parle's heroic self-sacrifice prevented grave damage to the ship and personnel and insured the security of a vital mission. They gallantly gave their lives in the service of their country.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
References
1920 births
1943 deaths
United States Navy personnel killed in World War II
Deaths by smoke inhalation
United States Navy Medal of Honor recipients
Military personnel from Omaha, Nebraska
United States Navy officers
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
Mono's 1998 tour, promoting the album Formica Blues, was the only tour undertaken by the band, which formed in 1996 and broke up in the years following the tour.
The inclusion of the single "Life in Mono" in the soundtrack to the 1998 film Great Expectations may have been responsible for an influx of radio requests for the song following the film's release. At the same time, however, Mono remained virtually unknown in their home country; the tour's destinations balanced out accordingly, with a dedicated U.S. leg but no dates in the UK at all. This was to be followed afterwards by additional U.S. concerts, with the band scheduled to join the 1998 Lilith Fair lineup during part of the U.S. leg of the traveling music festival.
In order to recreate the sounds of the Formica Blues songs in live performances, ADAT recordings were used alongside the musicians: guitarist, bassist, and drummer, plus band keyboardist, programmer, and producer Martin Virgo on keyboards and samples. In particular, the drum parts were a combination of pre-programmed as well as live.
Tour dates
The itinerary of the tour, as announced on 11 March 1998 on the band's official website, follows (with an amendment from other sources):
Shows
Concert reviews mention video projections being used, playing "pseudo-psychedelic background pictures" on "two 1-metre by 1-metre screens", flanked by "faux-Corinthian half-columns" that supported the projectors. The set ran 40–45 minutes, with up to two encores (reprising songs from the main set). Opening acts were sometimes present: The Devlins opened in San Francisco, while no band opened in Toronto. Attendance varied: the Toronto show was reportedly nearly sold out, while the Amsterdam show was reportedly underattended (beaten out by a simultaneous Björn Again concert in the adjacent hall). "Life in Mono" was the main focus, being used in a "sing-along session" at the Toronto concert, as well as being played again during one of the encores.
Reviewers complained about poor sound quality (including an inaudible guitarist) and singer Siobhan de Maré's speaking voice (including a "Cockney patter", and overly enthusiastic shouting described as more appropriate for arena rock). At the San Francisco show, audience members were reported walking out after "Life in Mono" had been played. The band members recalled more enthusiastic experiences, describing in a chat transcript audience members jumping onstage and dancing at the Seattle show.
Setlist
This setlist is from the April 25 Amsterdam concert. Nine out of ten songs from Formica Blues are played, leaving out "Hello Cleveland!", the only instrumental.
"Silicone"
sample
"The Blind Man"
"Disney Town"
"The Outsider"
sample
"Slimcea Girl"
"Life in Mono"
"Penguin Freud"
sample
"High Life"
"Playboys"
Encore:
"Life in Mono"
"High Life"
(However, the second encore was not played at this particular concert.)
Personnel
Siobhan de Maré: vocals
Martin Virgo: keyboards/programming
James Thorp: electric/acoustic guitar, keyboards
Magnus Box: bass guitar
"Mikey (from Bristol)": drums
Electronic equipment used consisted of a Fender Rhodes electric piano, a Roland A-33 MIDI controller, and two digital samplers: a Roland S-760, and an Akai S3000.
Other promotion
The band played a handful of other promotional performances: a "Rolling Stone event" in New York City on March 26, The RuPaul Show on April 6, Loveline on April 7, KCRW's Morning Becomes Eclectic on April 9, Late Night with Conan O'Brien on April 14, and Modern Rock Live on April 19.
References
1998 concert tours
also known at St. Agnes' University, is a private women's college with campuses in Kyoto, Kyoto and Takatsuki, Osaka in Japan.
The university's foundation history can be traced through the establishment of St. Agnes' School to 1875. The university received its official charter as an accredited four year university in 2000. The university is an affiliated educational institution of the Nippon Sei Ko Kai, the province of the Anglican Communion in Japan.
See also
Anglican Church in Japan
Channing Moore Williams
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2000
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Kyoto Prefecture
Universities and colleges in Osaka Prefecture
Anglican Church in Japan
2000 establishments in Japan
Christian universities and colleges in Japan
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
Batrachorhina madagascariensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by James Thomson in 1868. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1868
Africa Partnership Station (or APS) is an international initiative developed by United States Naval Forces Europe-Africa, which works cooperatively with U.S. and international partners to improve maritime safety and security in Africa as part of US Africa Command's Security Cooperation program.
Africa Partnership Station, or APS, is a strategic program designed to build the skills, expertise and professionalism of African militaries, coast guards and mariners. APS is not limited to one ship or platform nor is it delivered only at certain times. The program is delivered in many forms including ship visits, aircraft visits, training teams, and Seabee construction projects throughout most of the year. APS is part of a long-term commitment on the part of all participating nations and organizations from Africa, the United States, Europe, and South America.
APS activities consist of joint exercises, port visits, hands-on practical courses, professional training and community outreach with the coastal nations of Africa. The focus is on building maritime capacity of the nations and increasing the level of cooperation between them to improve maritime safety and security. The goal is to improve the ability of the nations involved to extend the rule of law within their territorial waters and exclusive economic zones and better combat illegal fishing, human smuggling, drug trafficking, oil theft and piracy. APS also works to increase maritime safety by teaching skills that enhance a nation's ability to respond to mariners in distress.
The first APS deployment was from November 2007 to April 2008. Countries visited included Senegal, Togo, Ghana, São Tomé and Príncipe, Cameroon, Liberia, Gabon, and Equatorial Guinea and included and HSV Swift, with an international staff embarked in Fort McHenry. The time in between major deployments was covered by mobile training team visits, maritime patrol aircraft exercises and port visits by individual naval vessels.
During the summer and fall of 2008 two ships began what was at the time called a LEDET, or Law Enforcement Detachment. These ships were US Coast Guard Cutter Dallas () and . These missions were designed to bring African law enforcement officials onboard US ships, in concert with Coast Guard personnel, in order to conduct the first real-time operations, building upon the many skills and capabilities acquired on previous training visits.
was the second large amphibious ship to deploy to Africa under Africa Partnership Station; it deployed from February 2009 to May 2009. The Nashville was the largest ship to perform the APS mission in 2009. APS Nashville visited Senegal, Ghana, Gabon, Cameroon, and Nigeria, spending one to two weeks in each port. APS Nashville's embarked staff had a larger international flavor with military members from Nigeria, Cameroon, Senegal, Ghana, Gabon, Italy, Portugal, Cape Verde, Sierra Leone, Togo, Equatorial Guinea, Kenya, UK, France, Germany, Spain, Denmark, Malta and Brazil.
In February 2009 APS expanded to South and East Africa when the visited Mozambique, Tanzania and Kenya.
Over the summer of 2009 (after USS Nashville completed their APS mission) other ships continued the initiative. visited East Africa, bringing APS once again to the East coast of Africa and expanding the range of cooperative training. At the same time HSV Swift and the US Coast Guard Cutter Legare (USCGC Legare) continued the APS mission in West and Central Africa. While APS Swift conducted a series of training, humanitarian and outreach missions in the west, Legare led and participated in the first African Maritime Law Enforcement Partnership or AMLEP (the name used to replace the LEDETs mentioned above). While on the mission with members of the Sierra Leone Maritime Wing APS Legare made a significant impact when the joint mission boarded a Taiwanese vessel illegally fishing with thousands of dollars of fish. More recently (April 2015),
the USNS Spearhead and its embarked detachment of U.S. Navy Sailors, civil service mariners and U.S., Spanish and British Marines conducted a portion of Spearhead's support to Africa Partnership Station while in Port Gentil, Gabon.
In the Fall of 2009 the first APS mission led by a non-US country commenced when the Dutch Rotterdam class amphibious transport dock Johan De Witt conducted the mission with US, Portuguese and Belgian Sailors and Marines embarked as training teams, and with Seabees and other subject-matter experts. The ship conducted port visits to Senegal, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Ghana.
In winter and spring of 2010 APS again made banner deployments. This time visited West and Central Africa and a 2-ship flotilla will visit East Africa at virtually the same time. The East Africa mission will include and HSV Swift.
External links
Bruns, Sebastian, African Partnership Solution - From Global War on Terrorism to Grass-Roots Maritime Security, Strategic Insights by Risk Intelligence, July 2010 and Second Line of Defense, November 2010
United States Sixth Fleet, Official US Navy APS website
Commander, US Naval Forces Europe-Africa website
Commander, US Africa Command Security Cooperation Programs website
Business Daily Africa on APS in Kenya
Ghanaian Times on illegal fishing losses
America.gov on New Partnerships to Tackle Piracy
Jane's Defence Weekly, Jane's Defence Weekly
National Review Online
Financial Times reviews Good Boat Diplomacy
Christian Science Monitor
The Economist takes note:
Reuters coverage of initiative
Military units and formations of the United States Navy
Non-combat military operations involving the United States
Alan Oliver (Lanny) Ebenstein (born May 28, 1959) is an American political scientist, educator and author, known from their biographical works on Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman.
Biography
Born in Princeton, New Jersey, to William Ebenstein (1910-1976), a noted political scientist, and Ruth Ebenstein. They obtained their BA at the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 1982, and their PhD at the London School of Economics in 1988.
After their graduation, Ebenstein was an instructor at Antioch University from 1990 to 1996. In 1992, they were the Republican nominee for the California State Assembly in the 35th District. From 1990 to 1998 they were a member of the Santa Barbara Board of Education. Since 2005, they have been a visitor and lecturer in economic thought and history at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Ebenstein is well-known in the Santa Barbara community as a supporter of education. They signed seven ballot arguments between 2008 and 2016 on behalf of school bonds and school parcel taxes for the Santa Barbara Unified School District and the Santa Barbara Community College District.
In 1991, Ebenstein co-edited the 5th edition of Great Political Thinkers: Plato to the Present, which was first published in 1951 by their father. Since the 1990s, they have written a series of biographies on economists, starting with Edwin Cannan in 1997, Friedrich Hayek in 2001, and Milton Friedman in 2007.
In 2015, Ebenstein published the highly acclaimed Chicagonomics: The Evolution of Chicago Free Market Economics. Chicagonomics was named on "Editors' Choice" Selection by the New York Times Book Review (November 29. 2015) and The Economist concluded its review that Chicagonomics "deserves to be read by all those with an interest in economic policy" (October 24, 2015). Ebenstein's works have been translated into Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Spanish, Romanian, Polish, and Vietnamese.
Selected publications
Ebenstein, William, and Alan O. Ebenstein (eds.) Great Political Thinkers: Plato to the Present. Fort Worth: Harcourt, 5th ed., 1991.
Ebenstein, Alan O. The Greatest Happiness Principle: An Examination of Utilitarianism. 1991.
Ebenstein, Alan O. Collected Works of Edwin Cannan 1998 (7 volumes).
Ebenstein, Alan O. Hayek's Journey: The Mind of Friedrich Hayek. 2003.
Ebenstein, Lanny. Reforming Public Employee Compensation and Pensions. 2010.
Ebenstein, Lanny. The Indispensable Milton Friedman: Essays on Politics and Economics., Regnery, 2012.`
Ebenstein, Lanny. Chicagonomics: The Evolution of Chicago Free Market Economics., St. Martin's Press, 2015.
References
External links
Lanny Ebenstein, adjunct scholar at cato.org
Dr. Alan Ebenstein: The Rise and Triumph of the Free Market at tfas.org
The Ideas and Impact of F. A. Hayek. featuring Bruce J. Caldwell and Ebenstein, with comments by Dick Armey
Alan Ebenstein - Friedrich Hayek: A Biography. Alan Ebenstein talked about their book, Friedrich Hayek: A Biography
Alan O. Ebenstein and Charles W. Baird | Friedrich Hayek and the Future of Liberty
Lanny Ebenstein: The Indispensable Milton Friedman
1959 births
Living people
American political scientists
American educators
American non-fiction writers
University of California, Santa Barbara alumni
Academics of the London School of Economics
Antioch University alumni
Alfred Allen (c. 1888 – c. 1938) was an English executioner from Wolverhampton. Their career lasted from 1928 to 1937, during which they carried out 3 hangings as a chief executioner and assisted at 14 others.
Allen participated in their first hanging on 11 December 1928, when they assisted Robert Baxter. It did not go well for Allen. They failed to move clear of the trapdoor after securing the prisoner's legs and then fell into the pit when Baxter pulled the lever. Allen was not injured.
Over the next few years, Allen did not receive many jobs. When they did, it was as an assistant to Thomas Pierrepoint. Their first action as chief executioner came on 23 November 1932. They were reunited with Baxter one more time, in 1934; although there was no incident such as the one that had occurred during their first partnership, Baxter did state later that they found Allen "an unpleasant person to share sleeping quarters with." Allen carried out their last hanging on 17 August 1937.
They were struck off the list of executioners when, after having failed to rupture the prisoner's spinal cord in an execution in 1936, they again put on the noose in the wrong way at the next execution in 1937.
See also
List of executioners
References
English executioners
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
1880s births
1930s deaths
Prince Chaturonrasmi, the Prince Chakkrabatradipongse (; 13 January 1856 - 11 April 1900) was a Prince of Siam (later Thailand). They were a member of Siamese royal family, a son of King Mongkut and Queen Debsirindra and was a younger brother of King Chulalongkorn. They were Minister of Finance from 1886 to 1892.
Ancestors
References
Thai people of Mon descent
People from Bangkok
Thai male Chao Fa
Children of Mongkut
Chakri dynasty
1856 births
1900 deaths
Thai people of Chinese descent
Thai people of Iranian descent
Ministers of Finance of Thailand
Font embedding is the inclusion of font files inside an electronic document. Font embedding is controversial because it allows licensed fonts to be freely distributed.
History
Font embedding has been possible with Portable Document Format (PDF), Microsoft Word for Windows and some other applications for many years. LibreOffice supports font embedding since version 4.1 in its Writer, Calc and Impress applications.
In word processors
Microsoft Word for Windows has permitted font embedding in some document formats since Word 97 (such as .doc or .rtf). But this feature does not work correctly in some Word versions.
LibreOffice supports font embedding since version 4.1. This feature is available for the word processor LibreOffice Writer, the spreadsheet application LibreOffice Calc, and the presentation application LibreOffice Impress.
Both OpenOffice.org and LibreOffice support font embedding in the PDF export feature.
Font embedding in word processors is not widely supported nor interoperable. For example, if an RTF file with embedded fonts is opened in other word processor than MS Word, it will usually remove embedded fonts.
On the Web
Currently, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Google Chrome support automatic downloading of fonts used on a website using CSS2 or CSS3.
Controversy
Font embedding is a controversial practice because it allows copyrighted fonts to be freely distributed. The controversy can be mitigated by only embedding the characters required to view the document (subsetting). This reduces file size but prohibits adding previously unused characters to the document.
Because of the potential for copyright infringement, Microsoft Internet Explorer only permits embedded fonts that include digital rights management (DRM) protections. The Acid3 test requires font embedding with minimal DRM protections.
See also
ODTTF as used in Microsoft's XML Paper Specification
References
Digital typography
The Province of East Jersey, along with the Province of West Jersey, between 1674 and 1702 in accordance with the Quintipartite Deed, were two distinct political divisions of the Province of New Jersey, which became the U.S. state of New Jersey. The two provinces were amalgamated in 1702. East Jersey's capital was located at Perth Amboy. Determination of an exact location for a border between West Jersey and East Jersey was often a matter of dispute.
The area comprising East Jersey had been part of New Netherland. Early settlement (including today's Bergen and Hudson counties) by the Dutch included Pavonia (1633), Vriessendael (1640) and Achter Kol (1642). These settlements were compromised in Kieft's War (1643–1645) and the Peach Tree War (1655–1660). Settlers again returned to the western shores of the Hudson River in the 1660 formation of Bergen, New Netherland, which would become the first permanent European settlement in the territory of the modern state of New Jersey. During the Second Anglo-Dutch War, on August 27, 1664, New Amsterdam surrendered to English forces.
Between 1664 and 1674, most settlement was from other parts of the Americas, especially New England, Long Island, and the West Indies. Elizabethtown and Newark in particular had a strong Puritan character. South of the Raritan River the Monmouth Tract was developed primarily by Quakers from Long Island. In 1675, East Jersey was partitioned into four counties for administrative purposes: Bergen County, Essex County, Middlesex County, and Monmouth County. There were seven established towns: Shrewsbury, Middleton, Piscataway, Woodbridge, Elizabethtown, Newark, and Bergen. In a survey taken in 1684, the population was estimated to be 3,500 individuals in about 700 families (African slaves were not included).
Although a number of the East Jersey proprietors in England were Quakers and the governor through most of the 1680s was the leading Quaker Robert Barclay, the Quaker influence on government was not significant. Even the immigration instigated by Barclay was oriented toward promoting Scottish influence more than Quaker influence. In 1682, Barclay and the other Scottish proprietors began the development of Perth Amboy as the capital of the province. In 1687, James II permitted ships to be cleared at Perth Amboy.
Frequent disputes between the residents and the mostly-absentee proprietors over land ownership and quitrents plagued the province until its surrender to Queen Anne's government in 1702.
Constitution
See: History of the New Jersey State Constitution#East Jersey Constitution
Governors of East Jersey (1674–1702)
See also
Concession and Agreement
List of colonial governors of New Jersey
Scottish colonization of the Americas
Province of New York
Dominion of New England
References
Further reading
Winfield, Charles H. History of the County of Hudson, New Jersey (New York: Kennard & Hay Printing Company, 1874)
Harvey, Cornelius B., ed. Genealogical History of Hudson and Bergen Counties, New Jersey (New York: The New Jersey Genealogical Publishing Co., 1900)
John Fiske. The Dutch and Quaker Colonies of America. Vol. I (New York: Houghton, Mifflin and Company, 1903)
Lovero, Joan D. Hudson County: The Left Bank (Sun Valley. CA: American Historical Press, 1999)
External links
Where was the West Jersey/East Jersey line?
Bergen Township, Past and Present
Jersey City's Colonial Background
Overview of Hudson County Heritage
Bergen County Historic Society
Colonial Charters, Grants and Related Documents (at "New Jersey").
The journall of the procedure of the governor and Councill of the province of East New Jersey : from and after the first day of December Anno Dmni 1682
Pre-statehood history of New Jersey
History of the Thirteen Colonies
Dominion of New England
States and territories established in 1674
1702 disestablishments in the Thirteen Colonies
Colonial United States (British)
1674 establishments in New Jersey
Former English colonies
Former regions and territories of the United States
Forsman & Bodenfors (F&B) is a Swedish advertising agency, founded 1986 in Gothenburg. The new Forsman & Bodenfors will have around 700 employees in 8 offices: Gothenburg, New York, Stockholm, London, Toronto, Montreal, Shanghai and Singapore.
History
Their first major client was the local newspaper Göteborgs-Posten in 1988. A year later they got their first client in Stockholm when they signed a deal with food company Semper. Other clients since then include IKEA, Volvo cars and UNICEF.
In The Directory Big Won Rankings for 2012 Forsman & Bodenfors were ranked 10th among the top agencies in the world, and second among Top Digital agencies.
In 2015, the agency recorded $40 million in revenue, and was the creator of the "Epic Split" advertising campaign for Volvo starring Jean-Claude Van Damme.
In June 2016, the company was acquired by MDC Partners Inc. The deal involved an initial payment of $32.3 million in MDC shares. This was the first acquisition by MDC's new CEO, Scott Kauffman. When asked to comment on the deal, F&B's CEO, Erik Sollenberg “We needed a partner to expand our business,” and that “[t]he ad world is becoming more and more global.”
In September 2018, MDC Partners-owned agencies Kirshenbaum Bond Senecal + Partners (KBS) and Forsman & Bodenfors are merging to form a new global creative offering under the latter's name, effectively putting an end to the KBS acronym.
KBS and Forsman & Bodenfors are joining forces under the Forsman & Bodenfors name. Sitting at the helm of this new entity will be global executive chairperson Anna Qvennerstedt (former copywriter, senior partner and chairperson at the standalone F&B) and global CEO Guy Hayward (who previously held that title at KBS).
References
External links
Official Website
Advertising agencies of Sweden
Companies based in Gothenburg
Serang is a village in the town of Petarukan, Pemalang Regency, Central Java Province, Indonesia. These village has an area of 3,69 km2 and a population of 8,068 inhabitants in 2019.
References
External links
Pemalang Regency Official Website
BPS Kabupaten Pemalang
Villages in Central Java
Naret Sukngam (born December 6, 1976) is a member of the Thailand national beach soccer team.
External links
Thailand Beach Soccer Team
Thailand Squad On Fifa.com
Living people
1976 births
Naret Sukngam
Luís Gonzaga da Silva (born 15 July 1946) is a Brazilian sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1946 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Brazilian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Brazil
Place of birth missing (living people)
Luperosaurus cumingii, also known commonly as Cuming's flapped-legged gecko and the Philippine wolf gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to southern Luzon in the Philippines.
Etymology
The specific name, cumingii, is in honor of English naturalist Hugh Cuming.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of L. cumingii is forest, at altitudes from sea level to .
Behavior
L. cumingii is arboreal, living in the forest canopy.
Reproduction
L. cumingii is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Boulenger GA (1885). Catalogue of the Lizards in the British Museum (Natural History). Second Edition. Volume I. Geckonidæ .... London: Trustees of the British Museum (Natural History). (Taylor and Francis, printers). xii + 436 pp. + Plates I–XXXII. (Luperosaurus cumingii, pp. 181–182 + Plate XV, figures 2 & 2a).
Gray JE (1845). Catalogue of the Lizards in the Collection of the British Museum. London: Trustees of the British Museum (Edward Newman, printer). xxviii + 289 pp. ("Luperosaurus Cumingii [sic]", new species, p. 163).
Taylor EH (1922). The Lizards of the Philippine Islands. Manila: Government of the Philippine Islands, Department of Agriculture and Natural Resources, Bureau of Science. Publication No. 17. 269 pp. + Plates 1–22. (Luperosaurus cumingii, pp. 86–87 + Plate 4, figures 1 & 1a).
Luperosaurus
Reptiles of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Fauna of Luzon
Reptiles described in 1845
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
Ijira Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 5.4 km2. The dam impounds about 10 ha of land when full and can store 540 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1958 and completed in 1966.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1966 establishments in Japan
Conor Michael John Lawless (born 16 May 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for side Luton Town.
Career
Having come through Reading's academy, Lawless signed their first professional contract with the club in September 2018, and signed a contract extension in January 2020. They made their senior debut as a substitute in a 1–0 FA Cup defeat away to Luton Town on 9 January 2021. Lawless was released by the club in summer 2021 following the expiry of their contract.
On 21 September 2021, Luton Town announced the signing of Lawless.
Career statistics
References
2001 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Reading F.C. players
Killeen Farmhouse Cheese is a small farmhouse cheese maker based from a farm on the banks of the river Shannon near Portumna County Galway, Ireland.
History
Killeen Farmhouse Cheese was begun in 2004 by Marion Roeleveld on a farm on the northern coast of Lough Derg outside Portumna in County Galway. Roeleveld trained in cheesemaking in their native Netherlands but had no first-hand personal experience in making cheese. They first started making individual cheese wheels to order and settled on a style of Gouda cheese made from goats' milk from their own herd of around 40 goats and cows' milk from a neighbour's herd.
Roeleveld's uses milk from their herd of Saanen goats, a breed popular in Switzerland. Today, Roeleveld has a herd of around 200 goats.
Products
Killeen Goat Gouda is made with pasteurised goats' milk in 5kg wheels and matured for between 2 and 12 months
Killeen Cow Gouda is made with pasteurised cows' milk in 5kg wheels and matured for between 2 and 12 months
Awards
Killeen Farmhouse Cheese is one of Ireland's most successful cheese makers and has won many prestigious awards including the title of "Supreme Champion" at the Irish Cheese Awards on multiple occasions and gold medals at the British Cheese Awards and the World Cheese Awards.
2011 British Cheese Awards - Best Goat Cheese
2011 Irish Cheese Awards - Supreme Champion
2011 World Cheese Awards - Best Irish and "Super Gold"
2012 British Cheese Awards - Best Irish Cheese, Best Modern British
2014 Irish Cheese Awards - Supreme Champion
2014 British Cheese Awards - Best Goat Cheese
2016 British Cheese Awards - Gold medal and Bronze medal
2018 British Cheese Awards - Best Modern British Cheese
2019 Irish Cheese Awards - Supreme Champion
2019 World Cheese Awards - Gold medal
See also
List of goat milk cheeses
References
External links
Official website of Killeen Farmhouse Cheese
Dairy products companies of Ireland
Cheesemakers
Goat's-milk cheeses
Irish cheeses
Kerr Inlet () is an ice-filled inlet, wide, located at the west side of Cape Kerr in the northern part of Barne Inlet, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in association with Cape Kerr.
References
Inlets of Antarctica
Bodies of water of the Ross Dependency
Hillary Coast
is a former railway station on the former Nanbu Jūkan Railway in Shichinohe, Aomori, Japan.
There was once a plan to use the Nanbu Jūkan Railway to connect the Tōhoku Shinkansen with Noheji or Mutsu, but the railway was closed before the construction of the Tōhoku Shinkansen started.
History
Shichinohe Station opened on 20 October 1962 as the southern terminus of the Nanbu Jūkan Railway. The final services to and from the station were carried out on 6 May 1997 when the railway ceased operations. On 1 August 2002, the station formally closed. The station is currently maintained by the railway enthusiast volunteers and is the headquarters of the Nanbu Jūkan Company.
Layout
The former station had two side platforms serving two tracks.
References
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Defunct railway stations in Japan
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1962
Railway stations closed in 2002
Nanbu Jūkan Railway
Juéry is a former French motorcycle and bicycle manufacturer based in Paris. Founded by Charles Juéry and active in the 1930s to the 1960s, it specialized in motorized and pedal powered tricycles known as "triporteurs" in France, designed for transporting goods.
External links
Index of Models ( French )
Image of pedal powered Juéry
Defunct motorcycle manufacturers of France
Manufacturing companies based in Paris
French brands
The 2019–20 Southern Jaguars basketball team represented Southern University in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Jaguars, led by second-year head coach Sean Woods, played their home games at the F. G. Clark Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana as members of the Southwestern Athletic Conference. They finished the season 17–15, 13–5 in SWAC play to finish in second place. They defeated Alabama State in the quarterfinals of the SWAC Tournament and were set to face Texas Southern in the semifinals until the tournament was cancelled amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
Previous season
The Jaguars finished the 2018–19 season 7–25 overall, 6–12 in SWAC play, to finish in a tie for 7th place. In the SWAC Tournament, they were defeated by Texas Southern in the quarterfinals.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| SWAC regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| SWAC Tournament
|-
|- style="background:#bbbbbb"
| style="text-align:center"|March 13, 20208:30 pm, ESPN3
| style="text-align:center"| (2)
| vs. (3) Texas SouthernSemifinals
| colspan=2 rowspan=1 style="text-align:center"|Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic
| style="text-align:center"|Bartow ArenaBirmingham, AL
|-
Source
References
Southern Jaguars basketball seasons
Southern Jaguars
Southern Jaguars basketball
Southern Jaguars basketball
Stannylenes (R2Sn:) are a class of organotin(II) compounds that are analogues of carbene. Unlike carbene, which usually has a triplet ground state, stannylenes have a singlet ground state since valence orbitals of tin (Sn) have less tendency to form hybrid orbitals and thus the electrons in 5s orbital are still paired up. Free stannylenes are stabilized by steric protection. Adducts with Lewis bases are also known.
History
The first persistent stannylene, [(Me3Si)2CH]2Sn, was reported by Michael F. Lappert in 1973. Lappert used the same synthetic approach to synthesize the first diamidostannylene [(Me3Si)2N]2Sn in 1974.
The short-lived, transient stannylene Me2Sn has been generated by thermolysis of cyclo-(Me2Sn)6.
Synthesis and characterization
Persistent stannylene
Most alkyl stannylenes have been synthesized by alkylation of tin(II) dihalides with organolithium reagents. For example, the first stannylene, [(Me3Si)2CH]2Sn, was synthesized using (Me3Si)2CHLi and SnCl2.
In some cases, stannylenes have been prepared by reduction of a tin(IV) compound by KC8
Amidostannylene can also be synthesized by using a tin(II) dihalide and the lithium amide.
Short-lived stannylene
The isolation of a transient alkyl stannylene is more difficult. The first isolation of dimethylstannylene was believed to be done by thermolysing cyclostannane (Me2Sn)6, which was the product of the condensation of Me2Sn(NEt2)2 and Me2SnH2. The evidence came from the vibrational frequencies of dimethylstannylene identified by infrared spectroscopy, which is consistent with the calculated value. The existence of this elusive SnMe2 was further confirmed by the discovery of visible light absorption matching the calculated electronic transition of SnMe2 in gas phase.
Another method to prepare short-lived stannylene is laser flash photolysis using tetraalkyltin(IV) compound (e.g. SnMe4) as a precursor. The generation of stannylene can be monitored by transient UV-VIS spectroscopy.
Structure and bonding
Stannylenes can be viewed as sp2-hybridized with vacant 5p orbital and a lone pair. This gives rise to their red color from n to p transition.
With specific type of ligands, the electron deficiency of monomeric stannylene is reduced by the agostic interaction from B-H bond. This concept was proved by Mark Kenyon and coworkers in 2006 when they synthesized the cyclic dialkylstannylene [{n-Pr2P(BH3)}(Me3Si)CCH2]2Sn. The crystal structure of the synthesized compound showed the arrangement of one B-H bond toward the Sn atom with the B—H--Sn bond distance of 2.03 Å. The mitigation of Sn electron deficiency was proved by the spectroscopic data, especially the 119Sn NMR spectra which showed the drastically low chemical shift (587 and 787 ppm comparing to 2323 ppm in analogous dialkylstannylene) indicating more electron density around Sn in this case.
Reactivity
Oligomerization
Small, unstable stannylenes (e.g. dimethylstannylene) undergo self-oligomerization yielding cyclic oligostannanes, which can be used as stannylene sources.
More bulky stannylenes (e.g. Lappert's stannylene), on the other hand, tend to form a dimer. The nature of the Sn-Sn bond in stannylene dimer is rather different from C-C bond in carbene dimer (i.e. alkene). As alkene develops a typical double bond character and the molecule has a planar geometry, stannylene dimer has a trans-bent geometry. The double bond in stannylene dimer can be considered as two donor-acceptor interactions. The electron localization function (ELF) analysis of stannylene dimer shows a disynaptic basin (electrons in bonding orbitals) on both Sn atom, indicating that the interaction between two Sn atoms is two unusual bent dative bonds. Apart from that, the stability of stannylene dimer is also affected by the steric repulsion and dispersion attraction between bulky substituents.
Insertion reaction
Alkylstannylenes can react with various reagents (e.g. alkyl halides, enones, dienes) in an oxidative addition (or insertion) fashion. The reaction between stannylene and 9,10-phenanthrolinedione produces an EPR signal that was identified to be 9,10-phenanthrenedione radical anion, indicating that this reaction proceeds via radical mechanism.
Cycloaddition
Although stannylenes are more stable than its lighter carbene analogs, they readily undergo [2+4] cycloaddition reaction with Z-alkenes. The addition of (CH(SiMe3)2)2Sn, to 2,7-diphenylocta-2,3,5,6-tetraene proceeds in a cheletropic fashion, as allowed by Woodward-Hoffmann rules.
Metal center for oxidative addition and reductive elimination
In terms of the SnII/SnIV couple, certain stannylenes resemble transition metals. The singlet-triplet energy separation is considered to have a strong effect on oxidative addition reactivity, by utilizing a very strong σ-donor boryl (-BX2) ligand. The results demonstrated that not only molecular hydrogen but also E-H bond (E = B, Si, O, N) can be oxidative added on Sn. In ammonia and water cases, the oxidative added product could also undergo reductive elimination, yielding O- or N-B bond formation.
See also
Carbene analogs
Silylene
References
Organotin compounds
Tin(II) compounds
Substances discovered in the 1970s
Fort Raymond was a U.S. Army Post established in Seward, Alaska in 1942. The fort was named for Charles W. Raymond, who had served as a captain in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. At one point the garrison included more than 3,000 officers and men. The post was established to protect the dock and railroad facilities in Seward via coastal, and anti-aircraft artillery. These transportation facilities were critical to the buildup of military facilities throughout Alaska. Supplies and materials arriving by ship to Seward were transported to Anchorage and Interior Alaska via the Alaska Railroad.
The defense of Seward became less important after 1943 when the Japanese forces in the Aleutians were defeated and the threat of attack or invasion was greatly reduced. The construction of the deep water port in Whittier, Alaska, much closer to Anchorage, also reduced Seward's importance.
The Army troops stationed at Fort Raymond were used as stevedores when needed.
Fort Raymond was closed in 1945. The fort's hospital was quickly transferred to the Territory of Alaska by the War Assets Administration, and it was operated as a tuberculosis sanitorium until 1957. The airfield associated with the fort remained and became Walseth Air Force Base after the U.S. Air Force was established as an independent branch of the U.S. armed forces in 1947. Walseth AFB was closed in 1948.
References
Installations of the United States Army in Alaska
1942 establishments in Alaska
Raymond
1945 disestablishments in Alaska
Military installations closed in 1945
Kang Ji-min (, born 28 January 1980) is a South Korean professional golfer who plays primarily on the LPGA Tour.
Kang had a distinguished amateur career including finishing runner-up in 1999 U.S. Women's Amateur. They attended Arizona State University. They turned professional in 2002.
Kang played on the Futures Tour from 2002 to 2004, winning three times. In 2004, they won the Player of the Year honors and the money list title to earn their LPGA Tour card for 2005.
Kang won the 2005 LPGA Corning Classic, which included a hole-in-one at the short 15th hole in the final round.
In 2013, Kang was forced to take time off from golf after their immune system shut down and played the 2014 on the LPGA Tour and 2015 seasons on the Symetra Tour. They returned to Arizona State for their degree and earned their LPGA teaching certification in 2018. Kang qualified for the 2019 Women's PGA Championship via a qualifying tournament reserved for LPGA teaching and club professionals and finished T78, the only one to make the cut.
Professional wins (7)
LPGA Tour wins (2)
Symetra Tour wins (4)
2002 M&T Bank Loretto Futures Golf Classic
2004 Greater Tampa Duramed Futures Classic, Betty Puskar Golf Classic
2015 Mission Health Wellness Classic, Decatur-Forsyth Classic (unofficial, shortened to 18 holes)
Results in LPGA majors
Results not in chronological order before 2019.
^ The Women's British Open replaced the du Maurier Classic as an LPGA major in 2001.
* The Evian Championship became an LPGA major in 2013.
CUT = missed the half-way cut.
WD = withdrew
"T" = tied
Summary
Most consecutive cuts made – 4 (2007 ANA - 2007 British)
Longest streak of top-10s – 1 (twice)
References
External links
Jimin Kang at 2009 U.S. Women's Open (archived)
South Korean female golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Scottsdale, Arizona
1980 births
Living people
The discography of the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program (Serbian Cyrillic: Обојени програм; trans. Colored Program), consists of eight studio albums, two compilation albums, one live album and two singles.
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
Other appearances
References
Obojeni Program at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
NS rockopedija, novosadska rock scena 1963-2003, Mijatović Bogomir, SWITCH, 2005
Discographies of Serbian artists
Rock music group discographies
The Chilean Socialist Party (Spanish: el Partido Socialista Chileno (PSCH)) was a political party in Chile, that self-identified as left-wing and which existed legally from 1988 to 1990. It has been claimed that it was formed as a tool for gathering support for the Pinochet dictatorship during its last years; the party used the traditional logo of the Socialist Party of Chile, a party then illegal. The leader of the party – Juan Carlos Moraga – has denied they formed the party to defend the dictatorship.
The party has been characterized as a "political Frankenstein" and a puerile attempt.
Sources and footnotes
′Defunct political parties in Chile
Political parties established in 1988
Political parties disestablished in 1990
1988 establishments in Chile
1990 disestablishments in Chile
Socialist parties in Chile
Ribolt is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Ribolt was established in 1898, and remained in operation until 1936. The community was named for Ribolt Harrison, a town merchant.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lewis County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,817. The county seat is Akron. The county was named in honor of the United States President George Washington.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Logan County - northeast
Yuma County - east
Kit Carson County - southeast
Lincoln County - southwest
Adams County - west
Arapahoe County - west
Morgan County - northwest
Major Highways
Interstate 76
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 36
State Highway 59
State Highway 61
State Highway 63
State Highway 71
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
South Platte Trail
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 4,926 people in 1,989 households, including 1,408 families, in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 2,307 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.39% White, 0.04% Black or African American, 0.57% Native American, 0.10% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 2.03% from other races, and 0.85% from two or more races. 6.29% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 1,989 households 31.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.70% were married couples living together, 6.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.20% were non-families. 26.20% of households were one person and 11.60% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.97.
The age distribution was 26.50% under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 24.80% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 18.20% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 103.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.10 males.
The median household income was $32,431 and the median family income was $37,287. Males had a median income of $26,225 versus $21,558 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,788. About 8.60% of families and 11.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.30% of those under age 18 and 9.40% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Towns
Akron
Otis
Unincorporated Communities
Anton
Cope
Last Chance
Lindon
Platner
Rago
Thurman
Woodrow
Ghost Towns
Messex
Pinneo
Politics
Washington is a powerfully Republican county in Presidential elections. Among Colorado counties only Washington, Elbert and Hinsdale were carried by Barry Goldwater in 1964, and no Democratic presidential nominee has carried Washington County since Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1936. The last five Republican presidential candidates have all obtained over 75 percent of Washington County's vote.
In other statewide elections, Washington County also leans Republican, although the county was carried by Democrat Roy Romer by a narrow margin in 1990 – when they carried all but three counties statewide – by Dick Lamm in 1982 and by Constitution Party candidate Tom Tancredo in 2010. Since 1994, no Democratic senatorial candidate has won thirty percent of Washington County's vote.
Education
There are 5 school districts in Washington County:
Akron R-1
Arickaree R-2
Lone Star 101
Otis R-3
Woodlin R-104.
Akron R-1 includes:
Akron High School
Arickaree R-2 includes:
Arickaree School (all grades K-12)
Lone Star 101 includes:
Lone Star School (all grades K-12)
Otis R-3 includes:
Otis Elementary School
Otis Jr.-Sr. High School
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Colorado
Note
References
External links
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1887 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1887
Jimmy Jackson (born May 10, 1975), also known as J.J. Jackson, is an American former professional tennis player.
Born and raised in North Carolina, Jackson trained out of Hendersonville before relocating to Tampa. They won the boys' doubles title at the 1992 US Open (with Eric Taino) and was a world number one ranked junior doubles player.
Jackson competed mostly in satellite tournaments and reached the best singles world ranking of 602. In 1994 they featured in the men's singles qualifying for the US Open. Retiring in 1999, they now coach tennis in Seattle.
Junior Grand Slam titles
Doubles (1)
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
American male tennis players
US Open (tennis) junior champions
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' doubles
Tennis people from North Carolina
The 485th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 505th Bombardment Group. It was inactivated at Northwest Field, Guam on 10 June 1946.
History
Activated in August 1917 as an Air Service Aero Squadron during World War I. Was apparently a non-flying support squadron, deployed to France in early 1918 and supported Air Service operations on the Western Front. Remained in France after the Armistice, returning to New York City, demobilizing in May 1919.
Reactivated as part of the Army reserve forces in 1924, assigned to Wright or Patterson Field at Dayton Ohio. Although designated as a bombardment squadron, it is unclear if the unit had any aircraft assigned to it. Disbanded in 1942.
Reconstituted in 1944 as a B-29 Superfortress Very Heavy bombardment squadron; assigned to Second Air Force for training. Initially assigned to 505th Bombardment Group, however shortages in aircraft and equipment led to personnel being consolidated into other group squadrons; inactivated. Reactivated about a month later; assigned to 501st Bombardment Group and equipped with B-29B limited production aircraft.
After completion of training deployed to Central Pacific Area (CPA), assigned to XXI Bomber Command, Northwest Field (Guam) for operational missions. B-29Bs were standard production aircraft stripped of most defensive guns to increase speed and bomb load, The tail gun was aimed and fired automatically by the new AN/APG-15B radar fire control system that detected the approaching enemy plane and made all the necessary calculations.
Mission of the squadron was the strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands. Dntered combat on 16 June 1945 with a bombing raid against an airfield on Moen. Flew first mission against the Japanese home islands on 26 June 1945 and afterwards operated principally against the enemy's petroleum industry. Flew primarily low-level, fast attacks at night using a mixture of high-explosive and incendiary bombs to attack targets.
Flew last combat mission on 15 August 1945, later flew in "Show of Force" mission on 2 September 1945 over Tokyo Bay during formal Japanese Surrender. Inactivated on Guam 15 April 1946, personnel returned to the United States and aircraft sent to storage in Southwest United States.
Operations and Decorations
Combat Operations: Constructed and maintained facilities (in Zone of Advance after Sep 1918), Mar-c. Dec 1918. Combat in Western Pacific, 23 Jun-14 Aug 1945.
Campaigns: Air Offensive; Japan; Eastern Mandates; Western Pacific.
Decorations: Distinguished Unit Citation, Japan 6–13 Jul 1945
Lineage
Organized as 73d Aero Squadron on 14 August 1917
Redesignated 485th Aero Squadron on 1 February 1918.
Demobilized on 20 May 1919
Reconstituted and consolidated (1936) with 485th Bombardment Squadron which was constituted and allotted to the reserve on 31 March 1924
Activated, date unknown (personnel assigned, Sep 1925)
Disbanded on 31 May 1942
Reconstituted and consolidated (21 April 1944) with 485th Bombardment Squadron (Very Heavy) which was constituted on 28 February 1944
Activated on 11 March 1944.
Inactivated on 10 May 1944
Activated on 1 June 1944
Inactivated on 10 June 1946
Assignments
Unknown, 14 August 1917 – Mar 1918
Air Service Production Center No. 2, Mar 1918
Air Service Spares Depot, Sep 1918 – Jan 1919
Unknown, Jan-20 May 1919
Fifth Corps Area, 1925(?)-31 May 1942
505th Bombardment Group, 11 Mar-10 May 1944
501st Bombardment Group, 1 Jun 1944 – 10 Jun 1946
Stations
Kelly Field, Texas, 14 August 1917
Camp Morrison, Virginia, 21 Dec 1917 – 4 Mar 1918
Romorantin, France, 25 March 1918
Detachment operated from St Nazaire to 3 April 1918
Unit operated from Gievres, 17 May-9 Jun 1918
Detachment operated from Chatenay-sur-Seine from 11 September 1918
Chatenay-sur-Seine, France, 21 September 1918
Bordeaux, France, c. 1 Feb 1919-unknown
Mitchel Field, New York, c. 2–20 May 1919
Dayton, Ohio 1925? -31 May 1942?
Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas, 11 March 1944
Harvard Army Airfield, Nebraska, 12 Mar-10 May 1944
Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas, 1 June 1944
Harvard Army Airfield, Nebraska, 23 Aug 194 – 7 Mar 1945
Northwest Field, Guam, 14 Apr 1945 – 10 Jun 1946
Aircraft
Unknown (if any) prior to 1944
B-29 Superfortress, 1944–1946
References
Maurer, Maurer (1983). Air Force Combat Units of World War II. Maxwell AFB, Alabama: Office of Air Force History. .
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
The enzyme cysteine-S-conjugate β-lyase (EC 4.4.1.13) catalyzes the chemical reaction
an L-cysteine-S-conjugate + H2O = a thiol + NH3 + pyruvate (overall reaction)
(1a) an L-cysteine-S-conjugate = a thiol + 2-aminoprop-2-enoate
(1b) 2-aminoprop-2-enoate = 2-iminopropanoate (spontaneous)
(1c) 2-iminopropanoate + H2O = pyruvate + NH3 (spontaneous)
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of carbon-sulfur lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-cysteine-S-conjugate thiol-lyase (deaminating; pyruvate-forming). Other names in common use include cysteine conjugate β-lyase, glutamine transaminase K/cysteine conjugate β-lyase, and L-cysteine-S-conjugate thiol-lyase (deaminating). It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 3 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , and .
References
EC 4.4.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
Chi-Congo is an album recorded in Paris in 1970 by the Art Ensemble of Chicago which was first released in 1972 on the French Decca label, later reissued in the US on the Paula label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut, and Don Moye.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Rob Ferrier awarded the album 4 stars noting that "these gentlemen are sterling musicians and everything is done for a purpose, exactly when they want it to happen. A wonderful record by a bunch of really great guys".
Track listing
"Chi-Congo" (Favors) – 11:40
"Enlorfe" (Mitchell) – 14:39
"Hippparippp" (Mitchell) – 10:30
Personnel
Lester Bowie: trumpet, percussion instruments
Malachi Favors Maghostut: bass, percussion instruments, vocals
Joseph Jarman: saxophones, clarinets, percussion instruments
Roscoe Mitchell: saxophones, clarinets, flute, percussion instruments
Don Moye: drums, percussion
References
1970 albums
Art Ensemble of Chicago albums
Decca Records albums
Scrojo (born Craig McKenzie Haskett June 9, 1967) is an American poster artist, illustrator and graphic designer.  They are particularly known for their prolific work in the music industry and the surf and skate community. They have illustrated over 2,000 posters to date for concerts and other music events. Many of those for the Belly Up Aspen in Aspen, Colorado, as well as the Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach, California, where they have been the resident artist for 30 years, beginning at the age of 19. Scrojo has also regularly worked for such notable venues as The Fillmore (San Francisco), The Casbah (San Diego ), Alamo Drafthouse (Austin), The Troubadour (Los Angeles) and House of Blues ( multiple locations ).
Career
Scrojo was born in Oceanside, California, and began their career as a professional artist in the late 1980s while they were an employee of the San Diego-based Pannikin coffeehouse chain, where they decorated chalkboards with their whimsical and sometimes disturbing art. Their efforts proved very popular and led to their designing chalkboard art, T-shirts and logos for 25 to 30 San Diego cafes. It was also at this time that their work was noticed by Grammy winning producer Chris Goldsmith who hired them to create a poster for a gig at the Belly Up in Solana Beach. The club loved the poster and a decade spanning association began.
Scrojo's poster and chalkboard work grabbed the attention of the multitude of surf and skateboard companies based in coastal So-Cal in the 1990s. Scrojo designed T-shirts, skateboard decks, advertising and other merchandise for dozens of action sports companies based between Del Mar and Costa Mesa. These companies include Quiksilver, O'Neill, Nectar, Tum Yeto, DGK Skateboards and Tracker Trucks. The most notable of this work was an early design, the original label for Sticky Bumps Surfwax for Wax Research. Illustrated freehand with a pen on a scrap piece of paper, the logo helped propel the brand to become the top selling surf wax in the world selling millions of bars.
Their corporate work has included commissions from Nike, Inc., Disney, Harley-Davidson, the San Diego Chargers, Jägermeister, Fender Guitars, Focus Features, William Morris Endeavor, Converse, House of Marley, The Island Def Jam Music Group, the San Diego Zoo and many others.
Publications
Scrojo's work is heavily featured in The Art of Modern Rock by Paul Grushkin and Dennis King. The book is considered the defining work on modern concert posters.  They are also featured in the two follow-up volumes Art of Modern Rock Mini #1: A-Z and Art of Modern Rock Mini #2: Poster Girls
Other books and publications showcasing Scrojo's work include:
Rock Poster Art: Serigraphies de Concert by Didier Maiffredy
Burlesque Poster Design: The Art of Tease by Yak El-Droubie and Ian C. Parliament
Electric Frankenstein! High-Energy Punk Rock & Roll Poster Art by Sal Canzonieri
SWAG: Rock Posters of the ‘90s by Spencer Drate forward by Art Chantry
Rockin Down the Highway by Paul Grushkin forward by Mike Ness
Show Posters: The Art and Practice of Making Gig Posters by Pat Jones and Ben Nunery
Panda Meat forward by Frank Kozik
Classic Rock Posters: Sixty Years of Posters and Flyers: 1952 to 2012
The Art of Metal: Five Decades of Heavy Metal Album Covers, Posters, T-Shirts, and More by Martin Popoff and Malcolm Dome forward by Lemmy from Motorhead
The Art of Gothic by Natasha Scharf
Gig Posters by Clay Hayes
The Art of Modern Rock Calendars
Gig Posters: Rock Art for the 21st Century Wall Calendar 2013, 2015, & 2016
Scrojo did all the illustrations for The Ultimate PGA Tour Book of Trivia.
Museums and Exhibitions
Scrojo is a founding member of FLATSTOCK, an ongoing series of exhibitions of poster art that has become part of South-by-Southwest, the annual music industry confab in Austin, Bumbershoot music festival in Seattle and other music festivals across the globe.
Their group shows include:
“Lowbrow Art: Nine San Diego Pop Surrealists" at the Oceanside Museum of Art co-curated by Michael Gross, the original art director for National Lampoon
“The Assembly of Awesomeness” at ArtLabStudios
“TRPS Festival of Rock Posters” and “Rock Art By The Bay” in San Francisco
“The Modern Mythological Gods of Propaganda” (with Emek and Mark Arminski) at Art Rock Gallery, San Francisco
“Art of Modern Rock Poster Show” at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
The “Art of Modern Rock” exhibit at the Experience Music Project in Seattle (Experience Music Project has Scrojo's ”Punk-o-Rama” skateboard deck designed for LA-based Epitaph Records as part of their permanent collection.)
Solo exhibits include:
Career Retrospective at EVE Encinitas in 2017.
Haugaland KunstVerk in Haugesund, Norway 2011 which sold out on opening night.
“2,375 ft High & Rising: The Painfully Prolific Poster Art of Scrojo” in 2010 at D.King Gallery in Berkeley, CA celebrating Scrojo's 1,500th poster.
Ducky Waddles Emporium in Leucadia
Film and Television
Scrojo's posters have lent atmosphere to film and television productions, including Dave Chappelle's Block Party, Baby Driver, Spoken Word, Minority Report, Nurse Jackie and Fear The Walking Dead. Their John Prine poster features prominently in the acclaimed interior design of the studio apartment set on the HBO television series Girls.
They were an early contributor to the Alamo Drafthouse's popular poster series designing prints for showings of The Blues Brothers, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and a cast attended marathon of Party Down.
Scrojo appears in the award-winning 2009 documentary American Artifact: Rise of American Rock Poster Art which is featured in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum.
Awards
They won the 2006 OUT Music Award for Best Album Design for Candye Kane's White Trash Girl.
Concert Posters
Scrojo has designed posters for acts across all genres of music. Those bands include:
The Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan, Foo Fighters, Lady Gaga, The Flaming Lips, Alice In Chains, Jane's Addiction, The Pixies, Devo, Blondie, Morrissey, Joe Cocker, Tom Jones, Cheap Trick, Public Enemy, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Sugar Hill Gang, B.B. King, Bo Diddley, Etta James, Henry Rollins, The Cramps, Dead Kennedys, Social Distortion, Patti Smith, Jimmy Cliff, Ziggy Marley, The Skatalites, Merle Haggard, Lyle Lovett, Kris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, George Clinton, and Gwar
In 2016 they designed the poster for the opening date of Juan Gabriel's final tour. Gabriel was among Latin America's best selling singer-songwriters and recorded the best-selling album of all time in Mexico.
References
Album-cover and concert-poster artists
American poster artists
American illustrators
American graphic designers
Psychedelic artists
People from Encinitas, California
Living people
1967 births
Mermaid Kiss is an English band formed in Kington, Herefordshire, England, in 2000, with influences ranging from contemporary folk music to progressive rock.
Biography
The initial line up was: Evelyn Downing (voice and flute) Jamie Field (guitar and bass) and Andrew Garman (keyboard, bass, and drums). In the beginning the band was envisaged purely as a studio project, and in June 2003 they released a 14 track debut album, The Mermaid Kiss Album, and following many requests they made their live debut on 21 December 2003, at The Rock Cafe 2000, Stourbridge supporting Karnataka.
In September 2004, Downing left Kington to further their studies at University in Manchester, and two guest vocalists, Kate Belcher and Kate Emerson, were recruited by Field and Garman. Guitarist Nigel Hooton also joined the band at this time. The band's second release in February 2006, a 7 track EP entitled Salt On Skin, contained songs featuring vocals by both Downing, Belcher, and Emerson. The artwork and photography for the CD was by Chris Walkden. One of the songs on the EP, "The Blushing Bride", featured guitar work of Panic Room (and former Karnataka) guitarist, Paul Davies.
A second album, Etarlis, was released on 18 June 2007. Etarlis was described by the band as a series of musical illustrations of the fantasy story of the same name, written by Field and Downing over the past years. The album's eleven tracks were written and arranged by Field and Garman. Kate Belcher once again featured as a guest vocalist on this album, in addition to which a range of woodwind instruments were played by Wendy Marks. Further guest appearances from Troy Donockley (Iona) on uilleann pipes and Jonathan Edwards (Panic Room and ex Karnataka) on keyboards were also featured.
Following their contribution to Etarlis, Wendy Marks joined the band as a full member in 2008. Garman and Hooton subsequently departed the band, and the new line-up was augmented by Colin Henney (keyboards), Peter West (bass), and Steve White (drums). With this lineup the band released their third full-length album, 'Another Country', in 2012.
Shortly after the release of 'Another Country' Downing departed the band and was replaced by Maria Milewska. The band subsequently dissolved in 2013, with Field, Marks, and Milewska forming new band Zero They Fly with keyboardist Jeremy Robberechts and bassist Shane Webb.
Personnel
Former members
Evelyn Downing - vocals, flute (2000-2012)
Jamie Field - guitars, bass (2000-2013)
Andrew Garman - keyboards, bass, drums (2000-2010)
Nigel Hooton - guitars (2004-2010)
Wendy Marks - cor anglais, flute, oboe, recorder, backing vocals (2008-2013)
Colin Henney - keyboards (2010-2013)
Peter West - bass (2010-2013)
Steve White - drums (2010-2013)
Maria Milewska - vocals, flute, piano (2012-2013)
Guest musicians
Kate Belcher - vocals (Salt on Skin, Etarlis)
Paul Davies - guitars (Salt on Skin)
Kate Emerson - vocals (Salt on Skin)
Troy Donockley- uilleann pipes (Etarlis)
Jonathan Edwards - keyboards (Etarlis)
Richard Northwood - bass (Another Country)
Discography
Studio albums
The Mermaid Kiss Album (2003)
Etarlis (2007)
Another Country (2012)
EPs
Salt on Skin'' (2006)
References
External links
Mermaid Kiss Official Site
Mermaid Kiss @ Myspace
English progressive rock groups
Musical groups established in 2000
People from Kington, Herefordshire
EeStairs is a designer and manufacturer of staircases and balustrades and inventor of the patented 1m2 staircase. EeStairs has offices in the UK, Europe and the USA. Its headquarters are located in the Netherlands.
History
Founded in 2000 as a construction company, EeStairs was originally named Cluistra RVS. In the subsequent years the company specialized in staircase design and manufacturing and was renamed EeStairs. The founders of EeStairs are Dick Cluistra and Cornelis van Vlastuin
1m2 staircase
One of the products of EeStairs is the 1m2 staircase. It is a small staircase using only 1m2. EeStairs patented the 1m2 staircase in 2007.
Design competition
Since the year 2000 EeStairs organized a 'Staircase of the year' competition in The Netherlands. In 2014 EeStairs organized the first international design competition. The winners were architecture students from Russia and the Czech Republic.
References
Manufacturing companies of the Netherlands
Doornkop Fish and Wildlife Reserve is a nature reserve and game park located near Carolina, Mpumalanga, 3 hours from Johannesburg and 2.5 hours from Pretoria.
Activities in the reserve include fly fishing, walks, birding, tennis, game viewing swimming pool, games room and horse riding.
References
External links
Nature reserves in South Africa
Uncle Anesthesia is the Screaming Trees' fifth studio album and first full-length album on Epic Records. It was released on January 29, 1991. It includes two of the four tracks from the band's previous Epic release, Something About Today EP (1990). The album, recorded throughout June 1990, was the last to feature drumming by original member Mark Pickerel, who left on amicable terms in 1991 to work in a variety of projects. They were replaced by Barrett Martin.
Uncle Anesthesia was produced by heavy metal specialist Terry Date and Soundgarden vocalist Chris Cornell. Despite the major label backing, the album failed to expand the Trees' audience. "Bed of Roses" was released as a single and became a minor hit on the Modern Rock charts.
Track listing
Personnel
Screaming Trees
Mark Lanegan – vocals
Gary Lee Conner – guitar, backing vocals
Van Conner – bass, backing vocals
Mark Pickerel – percussion, drums
Additional musicians
Chris Cornell – producer, recorder ("Lay Your Head Down"), backing Vocals ("Alice Said," "Uncle Anesthesia," "Before We Arise")
Terry Date – backing vocals, producer, engineer
Scott Miller – backing vocals
Terry Pickerel – percussion
Jeff McGraph – trumpet
Additional personnel
David Coleman – art direction
Karen Mason – photography
Mark Ryden – artwork
Screaming Trees – producer
Charts
Singles - Billboard (North America)
References
External links
Amazon Listing
Screaming Trees albums
1991 albums
Albums produced by Chris Cornell
Albums produced by Terry Date
Epic Records albums
Albums with cover art by Mark Ryden
Osbornoceros is an extinct artiodactyl genus of the family Antilocapridae. All antilocaprid species are extinct except for the pronghorn. Osbornoceros osborni is the only known species of the genus Osbornoceros. Osbornoceros lived during the Late Miocene around 7 to 6 million years ago in what is now North America. It is well represented in fossil discoveries, with nearly a dozen specimens having been found to date. All come from the Chamita Formation in a quarry near Lyden, New Mexico, the site of numerous other finds such as that of Chamitataxus, a prehistoric badger that lived at the same time. The holotype specimen of Osbornoceros was discovered in 1937 and many more were found nearby during further expeditions.
Osbornoceros was strikingly similar to today's pronghorn; it was lightly built and had a series of small horns that protruded from its skull. It was, like its relatives, a quadruped herbivore and grazed on the grassy plains of its time. If Osbornoceros had any predators is unknown and much is still unknown about its paleobiology, but it is assumed to have been similar to the pronghorn and its extinct relatives. Osbornoceros was covered in a short pelage and was most likely a good runner.
References
External links
Paleodb - Stats on Osbonoceros.
AMNH - List of Osbornoceros specimens.
Prehistoric pronghorns
Miocene even-toed ungulates
Miocene mammals of North America
Prehistoric even-toed ungulate genera
Fossil taxa described in 1937
Dorolyn Lines (October 24, 1901January 17, 1975) was an American engineer known for their design of canal and irrigation systems in California, Yuma, the Missouri River basin, the Columbia River basin, the Lower Rio Grande, and Oregon. They were honored with a Certificate of Merit from the Bureau of Reclamation in 1966, and was remembered for their work in raising the status of women engineers.
References
American women engineers
20th-century American engineers
20th-century women engineers
1901 births
1975 deaths
20th-century American women
Atlantis High is a teen comedy melodrama television series, filmed in New Zealand, that aired on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom from September 2001 to March 2002. Atlantis High both parodies soap operas and pays homage to spoof television.
Overview
The series revolves around 16-year-old Giles Gordon (Michael Wesley-Smith), who has just moved to Sunset Cove, "a beautiful coastal surfing town where the sun is always shining, the people are all beautiful and everything is perfect... or so it seems". They enroll in Atlantis High School, where they soon discovers that Sunset Cove is unlike any town they have ever seen: populated by double-agents, aliens and high school students with blue hair and pointy ears, its inhabitants are eccentric lunatics who at times turn into superheroes or other whimsical figures.
Cast and characters
Main
Michael Wesley-Smith as Giles: Giles Gordon has just moved to Sunset Cove and quickly becomes an outsider at Atlantis High. Giles soon falls in love with Octavia, and becomes friends with fellow school outsiders Jet and Beanie.
Robyn Malcolm as Violet: Violet Profusion is the scheming principal of Atlantis High.
Ken Blackburn as Mr. Dorsey: Atlantis High's science teacher, they are secretly an alien, and is looking for the lost city of Atlantis to save their species.
Ray Henwood as Commander Vermont: They command the local military forces in Sunset Cove, and is aware of the alien presence. Commander Vermont is initially unaware that they share a secret past with their wife and Dorothy.
Loren Horsley as Sabrina:  They are the glamorous, ultra-popular girl at Atlantis High, and will do anything to stay on top.
Elizabeth McGlinn as Octavia: Unbeknownst to their parents and schoolmates, Octavia Vermont is secretly an agent working for the Agency, under the direction of Q. They and Giles have a tempestuous relationship.
Todd Emerson as Beanie:  They are a strange student at Atlantis High with out-sized ears. Beanie's memories appear to have been compromised, and their origin is one of the bigger mysteries at Atlantis High.
Lucy Gamble as Sophie: Many at Atlantis High consider Sophie May to be deranged, and Sophie claims they are haunted by a "poltergeist".  They are initially infatuated with Antony, but their attentions later turn elsewhere.
Lee Donoghue as Josh: The ultra-rich, vain and conceited jock of Atlantis High, Josh Montana secretly moonlights as the Silver Lining, the ersatz superhero of Sunset Cove.
Laura Wilson as Jet: Distinguished by their blue hair, Jet is a conspiracy theorist and outsider at Atlantis High. They soon becomes friends with Giles and Beanie.
Victoria Spence as Antonia / Antony: As Giles observes, Antonia and Antony appear to inhabit the same body. Antonia is a girly-girl who always wears a bow in their hair, while Antony is a quintessential "angry young man". Antony leaves Sunset Cove in the sixth episode, while Antonia gets caught up helping Mr. Dorsey.
Joanne Mildenhall as Dorothy:  They are Giles' mother, who has just moved with Giles and Grandpa to Sunset Cove. They often disapprove of Giles, and doesn't realize at first that they don't remember aspects of their past, or their connection to the Vermonts.
Richard Lambeth as Coach Shane:  They are the narcissistic sports coach at Atlantis High. They sometimes mentor Josh.
Recurring
Miriama Smith as Vita: The bombshell school secretary of Atlantis High, they are annoyed by Violet, and desires Coach Shane.
Bevin Linkhorn as Don: The odd custodian of Atlantis High, they often get caught up in the happenings at the school.
Jane Waddell as Mrs. Vermont:  They are the constantly wig-wearing wife of the Commander, and Octavia's mother. They share a secret past with the Commander and Dorothy.
James Ordish as Inner Child:  They are the manifestation of Giles' inner child, who gives Giles unsolicited advice.
Brian Sergent as Mr. Quentin / Q:  They are Octavia's mysterious boss at the Agency, and their true agenda is unrevealed.
Martyn Sanderson as Grandpa: Grandpa Gordon is Giles' grandfather who moves to Sunset Cove with Giles and Dorothy. While sometimes cantankerous, Grandpa knows more than they are telling.
Megan Alatini as Dr. Leggz:  They are Sunset Cove's glamorous local therapist, whom Giles and other go see to work out their problems.
Tom McCrory as Lew Siffer: Lew is seemingly the mastermind behind several businesses and organizations in Sunset Cove. They and Violet Profusion often work and scheme together.
Sam Husson as Vortex: Vortex is an alien in the flying saucer that Mr. Dorsey is in contact with.
Lyndee-Jane Rutherford as Nebula: Nebula is another alien in the flying saucer.
Des Morgan as Xeron: Xeron is the third alien in the flying saucer.
Brian Childs as Elvis: Elvis is often seen around Sunset Cove.
Production
Atlantis High was produced by Cloud 9 Screen Entertainment, a British-owned company based in New Zealand. Production on the series began in 2000 in Wellington, New Zealand.
Broadcast
The series was commissioned, originally for 52 half-hour episodes, for broadcast in 2001 by Channel 5 in the United Kingdom. Despite being filmed in New Zealand, the show was never aired on New Zealand's TV3.
References
External links
New Zealand science fiction television series
New Zealand children's television series
2001 New Zealand television series debuts
2002 New Zealand television series endings
Chinese German or German Chinese may be:
Of or relating to Sino-German relations
Chinese people in Germany
Chinese as a foreign language in Germany
Germans in China
Kiautschou Bay concession
Eurasian (mixed ancestry) people of Chinese and German descent
Conscription in Egypt () is a form of a compulsory military service in Egypt.
Conscription is compulsory in Egypt for males of ages between 19 and 34. Conscription has been in force in Egypt in some form since the 1840s. The present conscription system is based on the National Conscription Law of 1948, which was further amended in 1955, 1957, 1969, and 1988. The service obligation is between 12 and 36 months, depending on their educational backgrounds, culture, drop-outs, etc. followed by a 9-year reserve obligation.
Service is postponed for students until their studies are finished, before they turn 25 years old and they can not travel abroad without travel permit from the Ministry of Defense.
Egyptian males with male sibling can be conscripted. However, Egyptian males without male siblings are not.
Males cannot be enlisted when they turn 34 because they are considered unfit for the service.
A conscript can be enlisted in one of the various arms and branches of the Egyptian Army, the Egyptian Air Defence Forces or the Egyptian Navy. A limited number of conscripts can join as ground/base staff in the Air Force. Those men who do not qualify for selection in any of the armed forces branches, are required to do their service obligation in the Central Security Forces for a 36-month period.
People graduated from colleges are offered to remain in the career after the obligation period (12–36 months), and they are positioned in special ranks amongst the other conscripts.
See also
Military of Egypt
References
Notes on Compulsory Army Service in Egypt. On The Baheyeldin Dynasty.
Egypt Military service age and obligation. On Index Mundi
External links
Egypt - Conscription and Reserves
Military Service Policy for Egyptian students. Instructions and guidelines on the AUC website.
Egyptian Military Statistics. On NationMaster.
Questions & Answers About Conscription In Egypt
Military of Egypt
Egypt
Sexism in the Middle East
Marion County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 Census reflected a population of 8,742. The county seat is Buena Vista. The county was created on December 14, 1827. The county was named for General Francis Marion of South Carolina.
Marion County is included in the Columbus, GA-AL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The art site of Pasaquan is located in Marion County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
The southern half of Marion County, roughly south of Buena Vista, is located in the Kinchafoonee-Muckalee sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The northwestern portion of the county is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Walter F. George Lake sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin. The majority of the northeastern portion of Marion County is located in the Middle Flint River sub-basin of the larger ACF River Basin, with just very small portions of the northeastern border, most of which is bisected by State Route 127 south of Mauk, located in the Upper Flint River sub-basin of the same larger ACF River Basin.
Major highways
State Route 26
State Route 30
State Route 41
State Route 41 Connector
State Route 127
State Route 137
State Route 137 Spur
State Route 153
State Route 240
State Route 240 Connector
State Route 352
State Route 355
Adjacent counties
Talbot County (north)
Taylor County (northeast)
Schley County (east)
Sumter County (southeast)
Webster County (south)
Chattahoochee County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 7,498 people, 3,408 households, and 2,396 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 8,742 people, 3,420 households, and 2,378 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,156 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 60.1% white, 32.7% black or African American, 0.9% Asian, 0.5% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 4.1% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 10.7% were Irish, 9.0% were American, 7.1% were English, and 6.7% were German.
Of the 3,420 households, 34.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were married couples living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.5% were non-families, and 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.05. The median age was 40.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,581 and the median income for a family was $51,000. Males had a median income of $33,626 versus $32,542 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,729. About 15.0% of families and 22.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 37.2% of those under age 18 and 11.3% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,144 people, 2,668 households, and 1,912 families living in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 3,130 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 60.85% White, 34.07% Black or African American, 0.36% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.17% Pacific Islander, 2.95% from other races, and 1.41% from two or more races. 5.78% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,668 households, out of which 35.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.60% were married couples living together, 15.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.30% were non-families. 24.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.30% under the age of 18, 8.60% from 18 to 24, 28.80% from 25 to 44, 23.70% from 45 to 64, and 10.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,145, and the median income for a family was $31,928. Males had a median income of $27,118 versus $21,211 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,044. About 17.80% of families and 22.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 31.20% of those under age 18 and 25.10% of those age 65 or over.
Education
The Marion County School District contains a primary school and a secondary school that serves students from preschool to grade 12.
Communities
City
Buena Vista (county seat)
Census-designated place
Tazewell
Unincorporated communities
Juniper
Mauk
Politics
As with most Solid South counties, Marion County was dominated by the Democratic Party presidential level until 1964. Starting with the 2000s, the county has become consistently Republican at the presidential level, though by smaller margins than many rural counties in Georgia.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Columbus metropolitan area, Georgia
1827 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1827
This is a list of flags used in Southern Rhodesia between 1890–1964 and 1979–1980 and Rhodesia between 1964 and 1979. The evolution of Southern Rhodesia from a British South African Company concern, to a British Colony, then to a member of a Federal Government, then to a self-declared state is evident by the different flags used.
For flags after these dates see Flags of Zimbabwe.
National Flags
Vice-Regal and Presidential
Military Flags
Political flags
References
Rhodesia
Flags
flags
Markin is a village in Iran.
Markin or Markina may also refer to:
Markin (surname)
Markin Family Student Recreation Center in Illinois, United States
Markina-Xemein, a town and municipality in the Basque Autonomous Community
1980 Markina attack near Markina-Xemein
Markin (cloth), a type of salu cloth
Dalljiet Kaur (born 15 November 1982) is an Indian television actor primarily known for their portrayals of Niyati in Kulvaddhu, Anjali in Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? and Manjiri in Kaala Teeka. They participated and became the winner of Nach Baliye with Shaleen Bhanot. In 2019, they participated in the reality show Bigg Boss 13.
Early life
Kaur was born on 15 November 1982 in Ludhiana. They come from a family of army background. Them father is a retired Colonel and their two elder sisters are in the defence services, as Indian Army officers.
Personal life
Kaur met Shalin Bhanot while working together in Kulvaddhu, whom they married on 9 December in the year 2009. They have a son. In 2015, the filed for a divorce accusing Shaleen of domestic violence.
Career
In 2004, they won the title of Miss Pune, as well as being a finalist in a number of other pageants including, Miss Navy, Miss Mumbai and Miss Maharashtra Queen. They made their television début in the Zee TV drama, Manshaa, and this was followed by appearances in C.I.D., Aahat and Raat Hone Ko Hai. In 2005, they appeared in the show in a cameo role in Kaisa Ye Pyar Hai. Them first role as a protagonist in a drama was in Kulvaddhu as Niyati, a young girl from a royal Jodhpur family.
Following the abrupt ending of Kulvaddhu, Daljeet went on to play Shikha in Chhoona Hai Aasmaan. They also appeared in Star Plus show Santaan from 2007 to 2009.
In 2008, they participated in the dance reality show Nach Baliye in the fourth season and became the winner with ex-husband Shalin Bhanot. In 2011 they played Anjali in Star Plus' show Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?. They later appeared in other shows like Saath Nibhaana Saathiya (2012), Sasural Simar Ka & Rangrasiya (2013).
Kaur made their comeback to television with Colors TV's Swaragini - Jodein Rishton Ke Sur where they played Janki. They later did an episodic appearance in Life OK's Savdhaan India. From 2015 to 2017, they played one of the leads in Zee TV's Kaala Teeka.
In 2017, they portrayed Aadishakti in Maa Shakti. In 2018, they played one of the supporting leads in Star Plus show Qayamat Ki Raat. They later appeared in Silsila Badalte Rishton Ka and Vikram Betaal Ki Rahasya Gatha
In 2019, they essayed the role of antagonist Antara Rawat on the show Guddan Tumse Na Ho Payega which aired on Zee TV. In September 2019, Kaur was a celebrity contestant in the thirteenth season of the Indian version of the reality TV show Big Brother, Bigg Boss.
In 2021, Kaur appeared in the music video 'Befikar Raho' alongside Asim Riaz's brother Umar Riaz, which they produced as well. It released in May.
Filmography
Television
Web series
Music videos
References
External links
Dalljiet Kaur on CelebCouch
1982 births
Living people
Actresses in Hindi television
Indian television actores
Indian soap opera actores
Nach Baliye winners
Bigg Boss (Hindi TV series) contestants
People from Ludhiana
Punjabi people
21st-century Indian actores
Moumouni Siuley (born 1964) is a Nigerien boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Nigerien male boxers
Olympic boxers of Niger
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
Dylan Giffen (born January 2, 1997) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
University career
Giffen played for the Western Mustangs of U Sports football from 2015 to 2019. They used a redshirt season in 2015 and then went on to play in 26 games for the team over four years. They won a Vanier Cup championship in 2017 after the Mustangs defeated the Laval Rouge et Or in the 53rd Vanier Cup. They started at left tackle in their final two years with the Mustangs where they were named a First Team OUA All-Star in both years.
Professional career
Giffen was drafted in the third round, 28th overall, in the 2020 CFL Draft by the Toronto Argonauts, but did not play in 2020 due to the cancellation of the 2020 CFL season. They then signed with the team on May 13, 2021. They made the team's active roster following training camp and played in their first career professional game on August 7, 2021, against the Calgary Stampeders. They later made their first career start on September 24, 2021 against the Montreal Alouettes at left guard. They played in 12 regular season games for the Argonauts during their rookie season while spending the other two games on the team's injured list.
References
External links
Toronto Argonauts bio
1997 births
Living people
Canadian football offensive linemen
People from Strathroy-Caradoc
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Toronto Argonauts players
Western Mustangs football players
Disaster Transport (formerly Avalanche Run) was an enclosed steel bobsled roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio, United States. It was notable as being the only indoor roller coaster at Cedar Point, the only bobsled roller coaster in the Midwestern United States, and the only enclosed bobsled roller coaster in the world at its debut. The name of the ride stems from a rearrangement of the letters "Dispatch Master Transport", which could still be seen in the ride's logo in its later years. Before the ride was enclosed, the supports and outer sides of the track were painted blue.
History
Disaster Transport was originally known as Avalanche Run and was entirely outdoors. On October 19, 1984, Cedar Point announced that Avalanche Run would be added to the park. The ride opened in 1985. It was built next to the beach, on the former spot of Jumbo Jet and later, WildCat. Many other rides also had to be relocated. The original ride cost $3.4 million: $1.9 million to manufacture and $1.5 million to install.
Renovation
On October 22, 1989, Cedar Point announced that Avalanche Run would receive a major refurbishment and be renamed Disaster Transport for the 1990 season. ITEC Productions, Inc. was chosen to renovate the ride, completely enclosing it in a show building. The renovation included the addition of a space-themed queue and ride along with special effect lighting, two robot animatronics, and sound. The special effects and construction cost approximately $4 million. On the outside of the building, "12 E" was written, which had caused numerous rumors as to its meanings. On August 3, 2005, it was revealed that it stood for the 12th ride designed by the ITEC employee, Eric.
Not long after the changes to the ride in 1990, the special effects began to deteriorate due to a lack of upkeep. By the time the ride closed, many of the effects were no longer active or had been covered up. Blacklight reactant paint lined the walls, mostly in the form of handprints or outlines of scenes. These gave a 3-D appearance when the rider wore special glasses purchased at the beginning of the queue.
Closure
After Matt Ouimet replaced Richard Kinzel as the CEO of Cedar Fair in 2012, they decided that Disaster Transport could no longer be salvaged. The ride was becoming an outdated attraction, as well as an eyesore. On July 13, 2012, Cedar Point announced that Disaster Transport would close on July 29, 2012. It was the second roller coaster at Cedar Point to close in 2012. A charity auction was held for the final riders, benefiting the Give Kids the World charity foundation. The last ride was given at 11:53 PM on July 29, with the lights turned on.
The ride started demolition on August 6, using about 380 trucks to transport scrap materials. A portion of track, two cars and the main entrance sign were to be donated to the National Roller Coaster Museum. Less than a month later on August 29, the last section of Disaster Transport was demolished. The 12E part of the building was the last section left standing.
Cedar Point is still in possession of many of the props used in the ride and often use them for decorations for haunts during their HalloweeKends event. And as of May 2021, Dave, one of the animatronics used in the ride's queue line, is on display in a gift shop adjacent from GateKeeper, Disaster Transport's replacement.
Incident
On June 7, 1990 at around 4:30 p.m, three people were injured when a 6 ft-diameter foam asteroid prop weighing between 100-150 pounds overhanging the track fell into the ride trough and was struck by an oncoming bobsled carrying eight passengers. Two of the victims were treated at a local hospital and released and the third was flown to a Michigan hospital to be treated for a neck injury and was later released.
Ride experience
Disaster Transport was a bobsled roller coaster, meaning the wheels were not attached to a track as on a conventional roller coaster. The cars — resembling bobsleds — operated within a steel trough, on which they were allowed to operate freely. This allowed the ride to swing from side to side when turning sharp corners, as an actual bobsled would. Guests would enter 10 passenger bobsleds, secured by a lap bar. After leaving the "launch area", the bobsled traveled up the lift hill at a 15-degree-angle, which featured red and blue blinking lights on the sides. After reaching the top of the lift hill, it curved to the right, dropping at a 27-degree-angle and reaching a top speed of 40 mph (64 km/h). After that, it curved to the left into a mid course brake run. After the mid course brake run, the bobsled turned left followed by several banked turns and curves and two more brake runs. One cycle of the ride lasted about 2 minutes and 32 seconds.
Theme
After the ride was renovated in 1990, a new space theme was given. The story of the ride was the passengers had been enlisted to deliver cargo from a suborbital factory to a station in Alaska. Large screen projections, simulated lasers, mist, and recordings were added to the ride. In the queue, guests would go through three rooms including Rocket Recovery, Mission Control and Repair Bay. The original entrance to the ride was located next to Troika. During HalloWeekends, the park would change the entrance of Disaster Transport to under the lift hill, leaving the one next to Troika to be used for the Halloween Haunt. For the 2009 season, the entrance was permanently changed to under the lift hill. When the entrance was changed, the Rocket Recovery and Mission Control rooms were closed, leaving the Repair Bay the only room guests walked through.
Story
The ride experience was different and much more immersive in its earlier years. The story of the ride was that the riders were Dispatch Master Transport's first public passengers and they were bound for a receiving station in Alaska. The alleged company had exclusively transported cargo until that time. The riders' shuttle would also be carrying cargo that included a highly volatile fuel nicknamed "Really Big Bang" (RBB-11 for short).
Passengers would enter under the show building through a doorway labeled "Transport Entry". Upon entering, eerie, futuristic electronic music would play. Every few minutes, a pre-recorded voice would come over the speakers and wish the riders a safe journey and remind them of the company motto: "We get you there in 5 minutes or less, or we don't get you there at all."
The first room was the Terminal. Black lights lit the room. Travel posters and a diagram of the state-of-the-art space transports the riders would be traveling in were on the side walls. Two airport type loading gates were on the far wall next to two TV monitors which would randomly display videos of the head of the company "The Dispatch Master", travel ads, or random space pilots. Between the two gates was a sort of receptionist desk. An employee sitting at the desk would press a button that would supposedly open the gates so the riders could enter the launch pad. When the button was pressed, smoke would pour out from under the gates. The staff member would explain that wasn't supposed to happen and would instruct the riders to take a detour through the service rooms of the hangar to get to the launch pad.
Walking into the next room, named the Control Room, guests would see an orange mission control robot named Dave working up on a platform in the left corner of the room at a desk labeled "Dispatch Control". Dave would be taking and receiving calls from workers and space shuttles (according to him, one had crashed outside of Akron). In between calls, they would explain the riders' mission and chat with them. Dave would also constantly malfunction causing their speaking to skip and glitch out causing them to say "Disaster Transport" instead of "Dispatch Master Transport”.
Walking down another hallway, guests could see a 3-D mural of a warehouse full of crates behind a large window. Turning left at the end of the hall, guests would enter the Repair Bay which would later become the only area of the queue where riders would enter. This room contained a robotic supervisor animatronic named Franc, supervising the repair of a rocket by robotic arms. Franc would bark orders at the arms but the arms would ignore him, much to Franc's frustration. Also within the room were suspended conveyor baskets carrying spare rocket parts, a forklift, and a laser scanner on the far wall that would flash "REJECT" after scanning the parts on the conveyor. A small room outside the Repair Bay had the company's logo subtly broken to reveal the ride's true name.
Guests would climb a short stairway and enter the launch area. The ride vehicles would move from behind a curtain without passengers. The ride would begin after ten or fewer riders were loaded onto a rocket. The rocket would move out onto a block section where an on-board computer system would welcome the riders. Once the cargo was "loaded" onto the rocket, the launch sequence would begin. Two spinning laser light spheres would project a star field around the rocket as it climbed the lift. Nearing the top, the computer would announce to the riders that they had achieved orbit. But upon reaching the top of the hill, the computer would detect aggressive "space pirates" near their location and began to take evasive maneuvers as the rocket descended down the first drop.
The ride's showbuilding contained numerous props and scenes to make the riders feel as if they were under attack while flying through outer space. The riders would speed by other rockets similar to theirs, explosions, meteors, debris, video projections and a satellite that would fire lasers at the passengers. Halfway through the ride, the on-board computer would shout, "I'm losing control, I'm losing control!" before an Alaskan landscape came into view. Here, the computer would scream, "Look out! We're gonna crash!" The rocket then banked right and entered the final brake run. White lights would strobe accompanied by a gust of wind to simulate the rocket crashing into snow. Riders would enter the unloading station where they were greeted by an employee that yelled, "WELCOME TO ALASKA!" The riders would disembark their vehicle and exit on the left side of the platform where a sign read, "Thank you for flying with Dispatch Master Transport!".
Building
The building was also used as a storage facility for the park. During HalloWeekends, much of the original queue area was used to house a haunt attraction. It was first used in 1997 for the haunt, Cedar Point Cemetery. In 2000, it was transformed into the Egyptian themed, Pharaoh's Secret haunted house. In 2009, it was transformed into Happy Jack's Toy Factory, a haunted toy factory.
The ride, though indoors, would close in any type of rain. Because of leaks in the structure, water pooled in the trough, warranting a shutdown. Typically, the ride would remain shut down after a period of rain as the crew would have to cycle several trains through the circuit in order for it to dry. Although the ride was enclosed, the storage track remained outdoors with a large door that opened when the storage track was needed.
See also
2012 in amusement parks
References
External links
Official POV of Disaster Transport
Disaster Transport at The Point Online
Disaster Transport at Point Buzz
Cedar Point
Roller coasters operated by Cedar Fair
Former roller coasters in Ohio
Buildings and structures demolished in 2012
Demolished buildings and structures in Ohio
1985 establishments in Ohio
2012 disestablishments in Ohio
Space in amusement parks
The 2009 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) draft was the seventh WWE draft, produced by the American professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment. The draft had two parts: the first part was televised live for three hours on April 13; the second part, the "supplemental draft", was held the same day immediately following the televised portion. The first part was broadcast on WWE's program Raw on the USA Network in the United States, and the supplemental draft was available on the Internet, at WWE's official website. The televised portion was held in Atlanta, Georgia at Philips Arena. The 2009 WWE draft marked the third time that the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands were featured in the draft; wrestlers, general managers and commentators were all eligible to be drafted from the company's roster. For the televised half, matches determined which brand received a random draft selection. During the supplemental draft, brand and employee selections were made at random. Due to draft regulations, drafted champions took their titles to their new brands, and tag teams were not exempt from being selected. As a result, the draft impacted championships and split tag teams.
Overall, 36 draft selections were made, the most since the original draft in 2002 (which featured 57 selections). Twelve selections were made on television; six were made by Raw, five by SmackDown, and one by ECW. All of the draftees were wrestlers: 28 males (10 drafted on television) and 8 females (2 drafted on television). Raw obtained the first overall pick in the draft by winning the first match, which resulted in the acquisition of United States Champion Montel Vontavious Porter from SmackDown. Women's Champion Melina from Raw was SmackDown's first selection. ECW's sole televised draft pick was Vladimir Kozlov from SmackDown. Additionally, SmackDown's WWE Champion Triple H was drafted by Raw, resulting in SmackDown's loss of its prime championship. At the end of the televised portion, the final draft choices were Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio of Raw by SmackDown, replacing the loss of the U.S. Champion, and SmackDown's Divas Champion Maryse by Raw, replacing the loss of the Women's Champion.
In the supplemental draft, Mr. Kennedy, who was sidelined with a non-scripted shoulder injury, was drafted from SmackDown to Raw as the first (13th overall) supplemental pick. SmackDown obtained Shad Gaspard from Raw as their first (14th overall) supplemental selection. Ezekiel Jackson was ECW's first supplemental pick. Unified WWE Tag Team Champions The Colóns (Carlito and Primo) were drafted from SmackDown to Raw; this left SmackDown without a tag team championship (although the tag team champions can appear on all 3 brands). Brie Bella (from SmackDown to Raw), Charlie Haas (from Raw to SmackDown), and Hurricane Helms (from SmackDown to ECW) were the final supplemental picks.
Background
In March 2002, the Brand Extension storyline was initiated. WWE's Raw and SmackDown! television programs were made into brands that employees were assigned to work; the ECW brand was later added in 2006. With the exception of 2003, WWE has held the draft annually since its inception.
Via its website on February 11, WWE announced that the 2009 Draft was to take place on April 13 at Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. All wrestlers, general managers, and commentators were eligible to be drafted. A supplemental draft was announced for April 15. It was announced on the day of the televised draft that for the third consecutive year, matches would determine which brand received a draft pick, and that 12 wrestlers were to switch brands. As in previous drafts, the purpose of the 2009 WWE draft was to increase television ratings of WWE programming and to refresh the roster with new storylines for each brand.
Roster selections
Televised draft
During Raw, 10 matches were held among representatives of the three brands to determine which would receive a draft pick; two of the matches were for two selections. Each match featured a wrestler representing their brand; if a wrestler was drafted earlier in the program, they would represent their new brand. After the matches, a computerized system, which appeared on the Raw stage TitanTron, randomly selected a member from the two opposing brands' rosters for the winning brand.
Matches
Selections
Supplemental draft
Aftermath
After the televised draft, Joey Styles, the Director of Digital Media Content for WWE's official website, interviewed the draftees on their reactions. The drafted wrestlers generally expressed approval of the draft and described what they hoped their experiences would be with their new brand. Seven of the wrestlers were champions with their original brand, and as outlined in the draft regulations, they carried their titles over to their new brand; this affected seven of nine championships. Champion draft selections included: Unified Tag Team Champions The Colóns (Carlito and Primo), United States Champion Montel Vontavious Porter, WWE Champion Triple H, and Divas Champion Maryse from SmackDown to Raw; Women's Champion Melina and Intercontinental Champion Rey Mysterio from Raw to SmackDown. Since Triple H was drafted to Raw, it left SmackDown without a world championship, as Raw now featured two of the three primary championships in WWE, the WWE and World Heavyweight Championships. Edge would bring the World Heavyweight Championship back to SmackDown two weeks later at Backlash when they defeated John Cena in a Last Man Standing Match. When MVP and Mysterio switched brands, the two secondary championships switched brands for the first time in WWE's history. Similarly, after Maryse and Melina switched brands, WWE's two female championships also switched brands for the first time. Though the Unified Tag Team Champions were both drafted to Raw from SmackDown, the titles were able to be defended on all three brands due to being unified.
Numerous tag teams were affected by the Draft overall. During the televised portion of the draft, ECW tag team John Morrison and The Miz was split up. The Miz was drafted to Raw and Morrison to SmackDown (during the supplemental draft). The Bella Twins (Brie and Nikki), Cryme Tyme (Shad Gaspard and JTG), and The Colóns were split up during the supplemental draft, although the duos went to the same brands afterward. SmackDown tag teams Jesse and Festus and Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder were also split up, with Festus drafted to Raw and Ryder to ECW.
The draft had little effect on the television ratings for WWE's programming. Generally, the ratings of the three shows during the week of the draft were consistent with the ratings of each from the previous week. The ratings for WWE programming the week before the draft were the following: the April 6 episode of Raw was watched by 5.7 million viewers in its first hour and by 6.1 million viewers in its second hour for an average 3.9 rating, the April 7 episode of ECW on Sci Fi earned a 1.3 television rating, and Friday Night SmackDown earned a 2.0 television rating. The draft episode of Raw was watched by 4.7 million viewers in its first hour, 5.7 in its second hour, and 6.1 in the final hour for an average 3.7 television rating. Later that week, ECW on Sci Fi earned a 1.2 television rating, while Friday Night SmackDown earned a 2.0.
As stated by WWE commentator Jim Ross, the draft would not come into effect until after Backlash, when the final inter-brand matches took place.
See also
History of WWE
Footnotes
References
General
Specific
External links
Official website of the 2009 WWE Draft
Wwe Draft, 2009
WWE draft
ECW (WWE brand)
Professional wrestling in Atlanta
Events in Atlanta
April 2009 events in the United States
2009 in Georgia (U.S. state)
pl:WWE Draft#WWE Draft 2009
Samat is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 526 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
The small Lifou white-eye (Zosterops minutus), also known as the sulphur white-eye, is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the island of Lifou in New Caledonia.
References
Birds described in 1878
Endemic birds of New Caledonia
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Manuel Javier Vallejo Galván (; born 14 February 1997) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as winger and forward for La Liga club Girona.
Club career
Cádiz
Born in Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz, Andalusia, Vallejo finished their formation with Cádiz CF. They made their senior debut with the reserves on 25 January 2015, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 2–1 Tercera División away loss against Atlético Sanluqueño CF.
Vallejo scored their first senior goal on 17 May 2015, netting their team's second in a 3–2 loss at CD Mairena. On 18 October, they scored a hat-trick in a 7–1 home routing of CD Roda, and finished the campaign with a career-best 23 goals.
Vallejo made their first team debut on 13 January 2016, playing the last 30 minutes in a 2–0 away loss against Celta de Vigo, for the season's Copa del Rey. They made their Segunda División debut on 28 October of the following year, replacing Salvi in a 0–0 home draw against Rayo Vallecano.
On 24 July 2018, Vallejo renewed their contract until 2021, and extended it to a further year on 22 August, being definitely promoted to the main squad. They scored their first professional goal on 12 September 2018, netting the winner in a 2–1 away defeat of CD Tenerife, for the season's Copa del Rey.
Vallejo scored their first league goal on 27 October 2018, netting the equalizer in a 2–1 away defeat of CD Lugo. On 20 December, they further extended their contract, signing until 2023.
Valencia
On 7 February 2019, La Liga side Valencia CF reached an agreement with Cádiz to sign Vallejo; the player remained on loan at the Amarillos until June. On 2 September 2019, due to the arrival of Thierry Correia, Vallejo changed their shirt number from 2 to 15. They made their debut in the top tier on 28 September 2019, coming on as a 69th-minute substitute for Maxi Gómez in 1–0 away victory against Athletic Bilbao, and their Champions League debut on 5 November 2019 when they came on as a 59th-minute substitute for Lee Kang-in in a 4–1 home thrashing of French side Lille.
Vallejo scored their first goal in the main category of Spanish football on 21 December 2019, netting a last-minute equalizer in 1–1 away draw against Real Valladolid.
Loan to Alavés
On 31 January 2022, Vallejo was loaned to fellow top tier side Deportivo Alavés for the remainder of the season.
Girona
On 1 September 2022, Vallejo signed a three-year contract with Girona FC also in the top tier.
Personal life
Vallejo's father, Javi, is also a footballer.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Spain U21
UEFA European Under-21 Championship: 2019
References
External links
Manu Vallejo at Cadistas1910
1997 births
Living people
People from Chiclana de la Frontera
Sportspeople from the Province of Cádiz
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Andalusia
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Spain under-21 international footballers
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Tercera División players
Cádiz CF B players
Cádiz CF players
Valencia CF players
Deportivo Alavés players
Girona FC players
West Central District () is a district located in the center of Tainan City, Taiwan. It is home to 76,983 people.
History
The district was founded on 1 January 2004, which merged with West District and Central District.
This district was the capital of Taiwan about 200 years and also the oldest region in Taiwan and can be traced back 300 years.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Chikan, Junwang, Fahua, Kaishan, Yonghua, Yaowang, Guangxian, Daliang, Xihu, Xixian, Chenghuang, Nanmei, Nanmen, Xiaoximen, Wutiaogang, Duiyue, Qiancao, Fuqian, Nanchang and Xihe Village.
Education
National University of Tainan (Main Campus)
National Tainan Junior College of Nursing
Tourist attractions
Beiji Temple
Bo Yang Museum
Chih-kan Cultural Area
Chin Men Theater
Duiyue Gate
Five Harbors
Former Tainan Assembly Hall
Former Tainan Weather Observatory
Fort Provintia
Grand Matsu Temple
Great South Gate
Hai'an Road Art Street
Hayashi Department Store
Kaiji Wu Temple
Kongmiao Shopping District
Koxinga Ancestral Shrine
Mingshen Garden
National Museum of Taiwan Literature
National Tainan Living Arts Center
Sanguan Temple
Shenlong Street
Shuixian Gong Market
Snail Alley
State Temple of the Martial God
Tainan Art Museum
Tainan Confucian Temple
Tainan Film Center
Tainan Judicial Museum
Tainan Wude Hall
Tainan Wu Garden
Taiwan Confucian Temple
Tang Te-chang Memorial Park
Temple of the Five Concubines
Wusheng Night Market
Yongle Market
Yeh Shih-tao Literature Memorial Hall
Transportation
The district is served by Provincial Highways 17, 17A, and 20. City Route 182 passes through the district. the Tainan railway station is located nearby.
Notable natives
Shara Lin, musician, actor, singer, and television host
See also
Tainan
References
Districts of Tainan
Sreeraama Pattaabhishekam is a 1962 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by G. K. Ramu and produced by P. Subramaniam. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vasanthi, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Prem Nawas. The film had musical score by Br. Lakshmanan. The film was dubbed into Hindi as Prabhu Jai Shri Ram.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Sree Raman
Vasanthi as Seetha/Ahalya
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Mandodari
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Dasaradhan
Prem Nawas as Lakshmanan
GK Pillai as Vishwamithran
Miss Kumari as Kaikeyi
K. V. Shanthi as Surpanakha/Kamavalli
T. K. Balachandran as Bharathan
Aranmula Ponnamma as Kausalya
Jose Prakash as Janakaraja
Kaduvakulam Antony as Badan
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Ravanan
Vanchiyoor Radha as Mallika
Adoor Pankajam as Manthara
Hari as Shatrughnan
S. P. Pillai as Vaidyar
Sukumari dance appearance in song sequence
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Br. Lakshmanan and lyrics were written by Thirunayinaarkurichi Madhavan Nair. Slokas taken from Thunchathu Ezhuthachan's Adhyathmaramayanam were also taken to the film.
References
External links
1962 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films based on the Ramayana
Duff Roblin Provincial Park was designated a provincial park by the Government of Manitoba in 2008. The park is in size. The park is considered to be a Class V protected area under the IUCN protected area management categories.
See also
List of protected areas of Manitoba
Dufferin Roblin
References
Provincial parks of Manitoba
Protected areas of Manitoba
Eduardo Rergis Pacheco (born 20 April 1956) is a Mexican former footballer and manager.
Career
Rergis played as a central defender for Club América, Atlante, Oaxtepec, Tampico Madero, Tigres UANL and Veracruz.
Rergis played for Mexico at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and won a gold medal in football at the 1975 Pan American Games. They also participated in the 1977 FIFA World Youth Championship in Tunisia.
After they retired from playing, Rergis became a football coach. They have managed Deportivo Irapuato, Correcaminos UAT and Veracruz. They also led the Mexico U-20 team at the 2003 FIFA U-20 World Cup. They were an interim manager for Santos Laguna in 2011.
Personal
Rergis's sons, Guillermo and Eduardo, are also Mexican former footballer.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Mexico international footballers
Mexico under-20 international footballers
Footballers from Veracruz
Footballers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Club América footballers
Atlante F.C. footballers
C.F. Oaxtepec footballers
Tigres UANL footballers
C.D. Veracruz footballers
Mexican football managers
C.D. Veracruz managers
Santos Laguna managers
Mexican footballers
Association football defenders
Pan American Games gold medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1975 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1975 Pan American Games
The 2017 World Para Swimming Championships was an international swimming competition for athletes with a disability. It was held in Mexico City, Mexico and took place from 2 to 7 December. Around 304 athletes from around 70 different countries competed at the games, with China topping the tables with most gold medals and medals won. The event was held at the Alberca Olímpica Francisco Márquez located in Mexico City. However, due to safety concerns, both Great Britain and Russia withdrew from the rearranged championships.
Venue
The Championship was staged at the Alberca Olímpica Francisco Márquez located at Mexico City, Mexico.
Events
Classification
Athletes are allocated a classification for each event based upon their disability to allow fairer competition between athletes of similar ability. The classifications for swimming are:
Visual impairment
S11-S13
Intellectual impairment
S14
Other disability
S1-S10 (Freestyle, backstroke and butterfly)
SB1-SB9 (breaststroke)
SM1-SM10 (individual medley)
Classifications run from S1 (severely disabled) to S10 (minimally disabled) for athletes with physical disabilities, and S11 (totally blind) to S13 (legally blind) for visually impaired athletes. Blind athletes must use blackened goggles.
Schedule
Medal table
The medal table at the end of the championship.
Multiple medallists
Many competitors won multiple medals at the 2017 Championships. The following athletes won five gold medals or more.
Records
Multiple world and continental records were broken during the competition. The below table lists the number of records broken by country.
Legend
WR: World record, CR: Championship record, AF: Africa record, AM: Americas record, AS: Asian record, EU: European record, OS: Oceania record
Footnotes
Notes
References
External links
2017 in swimming
2017 in Mexican sports
World Para Swimming Championships
International aquatics competitions hosted by Mexico
Swimming competitions in Mexico
December 2017 sports events in Mexico
Snowfall (9 February 2018 – 11 January 2022) was a Japanese-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2021 Epsom Oaks, Irish Oaks, and Yorkshire Oaks. They showed promising but unremarkable form as a two-year-old in 2020, winning one minor race from seven starts. The following year they improved dramatically, winning the Group 3 Musidora Stakes and then taking the Epsom Oaks by a record margin of sixteen lengths. They went on to win emphatic victories in the Irish Oaks and the Yorkshire Oaks over older horses.
Snowfall was euthanized on 11 January 2022 due to a serious pelvic injury they had suffered a few weeks prior.
Background
Snowfall was a bay filly with a white sock on their left hind leg, bred in Japan by Roncon, Chelston Ire & Wynatt, a breeding company associated with John Magnier's Coolmore Stud. The filly was sent into training with Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle and raced in the colours of the Coolmore partners Derrick Smith, Susan Magnier and Michael Tabor.
They were from the eleventh crop of foals sired by Deep Impact, who was the Japanese Horse of the Year in 2005 and 2006, winning races including the Tokyo Yushun, Tenno Sho, Arima Kinen and Japan Cup. Deep Impact's other progeny include Gentildonna, Harp Star, Kizuna, A Shin Hikari, Marialite and Saxon Warrior. Snowfall's dam Best In The World, showed high-class racing ability, winning two of their nine races including the Give Thanks Stakes, and was a full-sister to Found. Them dam Red Evie won the Lockinge Stakes and was related to the Ascot Gold Cup winner Random Shot.
Racing career
2020: two-year-old season
Snowfall made their racecourse debut in a five and a half furlong maiden race at Navan Racecourse on 10 June in which they were ridden by Seamie Heffernan finished third behind Frenetic and Mother Earth (also trained by O'Brien). Eighteen days later they started 4/7 favourite for a maiden at the Curragh but came home eighth of the nine runners after being badly hampered in the last quarter mile. Wayne Lordan took the ride when Snowfall started favourite for a similar event over the same course and distance on 28 July and recorded their first success as they took the lead a furlong from the finish and won "readily" by half a length from Sister Rosetta.
On 8 August Snowfall was stepped up in class for the Group 3 Silver Flash Stakes at Leopardstown Racecourse. With Lordan again in the saddle they started the 3/1 second favourite but never looked likely to win after a slow start and finished fourth of the eight runners behind their stablemate Shale. Despite their defeat the filly was moved up in grade again for the Group 2 Debutante Stakes on soft ground at the Curragh in which they were ridden by Lordan and started at odds of 7/1 in an eight-runner field. They raced in second place behind their stablemate Finest before taking the lead two furlongs out but faded badly in the closing stages and came home fifth behind Pretty Gorgeous, Shale, Mother Earth and Meala. Snowfall was then promoted to the highest level to contest the Group 1 Moyglare Stud Stakes at the Curragh on 13 September. Starting a 25/1 outsider they raced in second place for most of the way before dropping out of contention in the final furlong and finishing ninth behind Shale, beaten ten lengths by the winner.
For their final run of the year Snowfall was sent to England and moved up in distance for the Group 1 Fillies' Mile at Newmarket Racecourse on 9 October when they started a 50/1 outsider and finished eighth behind Pretty Gorgeous. They were initially reported to have finished in third place, while their stablemate Mother Earth had finished eighth, but in a bizarre postscript to the race it was revealed that the two Aidan O'Brien runners had carried the wrong number cloths and been ridden by the wrong jockeys, meaning that the filly who finished third was actually Mother Earth.
2021: three-year-old season
Spring
On their first appearance as a three-year-old, Snowfall was sent to York Racecourse in England for the Group 3 Musidora Stakes (a trial race for the Epsom Oaks) over ten furlongs on 12 May and started a 14/1 outsider in a seven-runner field. Ridden by Ryan Moore they led from the start and drew away from their opponents in the final furlong to win by three and three quarter lengths from the favoured Noon Star, with Teona taking third place ahead of Mystery Angel. After the race Moore said "It wasn't the plan to lead, but they took advantage of the situation and was good and smooth and went through the gears well... They always looked like a nice filly," they said. "She showed a good attitude and picked up well. It looked like a strong race beforehand and I am very happy with them They ran in all the best races last year and it didn't happen for her, but they certainly have plenty of class."
Summer
On 4 June Snowfall, with Frankie Dettori in the saddle, was one of fourteen fillies to contest the 243rd running of the Oaks Stakes (sponsored by Cazoo) over one and a half miles on good to soft ground on a rainy day at Epsom Racecourse. They started the 11/2 third favourite behind their stablemate Santa Barbara and the Cheshire Oaks winner Dubai Fountain while the other contenders included Zeyaadah (Montrose Stakes), Teona, Mystery Angel, Saffron Beach, Divinely (Flame of Tara Stakes) and Sherbet Lemon (Lingfield Oaks Trial). Dettori settled the filly towards the rear as Mystery Angel set the pace and was still well back in the field as the runners entered the straight and tracked across to race up the stands side rail. They then made rapid progress, bumping Sherbet Lemon as they did so, overtook Mystery Angel two furlongs out, and drew right away from their rivals in the closing stages to win by a record margin of sixteen lengths. Dettori, who was winning their 21st Classic at the age of 50 commented "I've won many Classics but not one as easy as that. I wanted a better position but they were going way too fast. Everybody was fighting to get in the first three so I let them get on with it. I thought out there I had everything beat. In front they had all gone and I had the luxury to take one set of my goggles down. I thought, ‘don't be clever, just cut through the middle', and I did. The only horse I hadn't seen yet was Santa Barbara and I had a quick glance and I was already five in front. They took off, as simple as that."
Snowfall's next race was the Irish Oaks over one and a half miles at the Curragh on 17 July and they started the 2/7 favourite against seven opponents including Willow (Naas Oaks Trial), Nicest (third in the Ribblesdale Stakes) and Divinely (Flame of Tara Stakes). Ridden by Moore, they raced in fourth place as their stablemate La Joconde set the pace, before moving up to take the lead entering the last quarter mile. They drew away in the closing stages and won in "impressive" style by eight and a half lengths from Divinely. After the race O'Brien said "She's an unbelievable filly with an unbelievable pedigree. They have stamina, they have speed, and when the gallop was even, Ryan said they came alive turning in. She's done very well from Epsom physically, she's got very big and strong. Ryan said they have a lot of speed. They go very strong and finishes out very well. We always thought fast ground was their thing."
On 19 August Snowfall started the 8/15 favourite for the Yorkshire Oaks when they were matched against older fillies and mares for the first time. Them main rival appeared to be Wonderful Tonight while the other five runners were Albaflora (Buckhounds Stakes), Eshaada (Fillies' Trial Stakes), Loving Dream (Ribblesdale Stakes), Divinely and La Joconde. They started slowly and raced towards the rear of the field in the early stages but moved up in the straight and took the lead approaching the last quarter mile. They quickly opened up a clear advantage before being eased down by Moore in the final strides to win by four lengths from Albaflora. Moore commented "She was exceptional really. It was a truly-run race, but it fell apart quickly and they were left in front with two and a half to run. She's very impressive and to me she's improved since the last time I rode them Hopefully she'll continue to improve." Aidan O'Brien said "She's a lovely filly, always done everything very easily. They quicken very well and she's gone really laid back now. She's starting to thrive and is starting to put on weight. She's going to be ready for the autumn."
Autumn
For their next start Snowfall was sent to France for the Prix Vermeille over 2400 metres at Longchamp Racecourse and started the 1/5 favourite in a seven-runner field. After racing in mid-division they made steady progress in the straight but never looked likely to reel in Teona and sustained their first defeat of the season as they were beaten one and a half lengths into second place. In the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe over the same course and distance three weeks later the filly started the 3.8/1 favourite but after moving into contention in the straight they were unable to make further progress and came home sixth behind Torquator Tasso, beaten four and three quarter lengths by the winner. Snowfall made a quick return to the track and started 8/11 favourite for the British Champions Fillies and Mares Stakes at Ascot Racecourse on 16 October. They overcame a slow start to make progress early in the straight but hung to the right in the closing stages and finished third behind Eshaada and Albaflora.
On 10 November Snowfall was named Champion Three-year-old Filly at the Cartier Racing Awards.
Pedigree
References
External links
Career 1-2-3 Colour Chart – Snowfall
2018 racehorse births
2022 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Japan
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Thoroughbred family 1-m
Epsom Oaks winners
Irish Classic Race winners
Cartier Award winners
Miravalles Protected Zone () is a nature reserve in the northwest part of Costa Rica, which forms part of the Arenal Tempisque Conservation Area. The site contains the Miravalles Volcano, which is still active although the last recorded eruption was only of steam vents in 1946. The zone was created on 16 March 1976 by Executive Decree 5836-A.
On 5 June 2019, Miravalles Jorge Manuel Dengo National Park was created by allocating from the original of this zone.
References
External links
Miravalles Protected Zone at Costa Rica National Parks
Nature reserves in Costa Rica
The 2006 Bexley Council election took place on 4 May 2006 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative Party gained control of the council from the Labour Party.
Election result
Ward results
Barnehurst
Belvedere
Blackfen and Lamorbey
Blendon and Penhill
Brampton
Christchurch
Colyers
Cray Meadows
Crayford
Danson Park
East Wickham
Erith
Falconwood and Welling
Lesnes Abbey
Longlands
North End
Northumberland Heath
St Mary's
St Michael's
Sidcup
Thamesmead East
References
Bexley
Council elections in the London Borough of Bexley
Juan Giménez (born 16 February 1927) was an Argentine footballer. They played in nine matches for the Argentina national football team in 1956 and 1957. They were also part of Argentina's squad for the 1957 South American Championship.
References
External links
1927 births
Possibly living people
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Association football defenders
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Argentine football managers
Racing Club de Avellaneda managers
Coccothrinax yunquensis, the yuruguana del Yunque, is a palm which is endemic to southern Cuba. It is reported to be restricted to El Yunque, a limestone mountain in Guantánamo Province.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. yunquensis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax salvatoris.
References
yunquensis
Endemic flora of Cuba
Trees of Cuba
Guantánamo Province
Plants described in 1981
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (MARD, ) is a government ministry responsible for rural development and the governance, promotion and nurturing of agriculture and the agriculture industry, in Vietnam. The purview of the Ministry includes forestry, aquaculture, irrigation and the salt industry; it is also involved in water management and flood control.
The Ministry maintains 63 provincial department offices throughout Vietnam. The Ministry itself is located in Hanoi.
History
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has been developed since 1987 by the combination of different government ministries: Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Food, combined to the Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry in 1987; the subsequent addition of the Ministry of Forestry and the Ministry of Irrigation to form today's Ministry; as well as the addition of the Ministry of Fisheries in 2007. The Ministry was officially formed in 1995.
Organisation
The Ministry is organised into many work areas:
Organisations in charge of state management
Planning Department
Finance Department
Science, Technology and Environment Department
International Cooperation Department
Legislation Department
Personal and Organisation Department
Ministerial Inspection
MARD Office
Department of Cultivation
Plant Protection Department
Department of Husbandry
Veterinary/Animal Health Department
Agro-forestry Processing and Salt Industry Department
Forest Protection Department
Vietnam Administration of Forestry (VNFOREST)
Aqua Exploiting and Protection Department
Department of Aquaculture
Water Resource Department
Dyke Management and Flood Control Department
Works/Construction Department
Cooperatives and Rural Development Department
National Agro-aqua-forestry Quality Assurance Department
Vietnam Directorate of Fisheries
Other
Information Technology and Statistics Centre
Centre for Clean Water and Sanitation
National Agriculture Extension Centre
Vietnam Agriculture Newspaper
Agriculture and Rural Development Magazine
Agricultural Publishing House One Member Company Limited
See also
Agribusiness
Agriculture in Vietnam
Aquaculture and fishery
Spiny lobster culture in Vietnam
Vietnam fisheries patrol
Economy of Vietnam
Forestry and timberland
Provinces of Vietnam
Vietnam Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
References
External links
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development official site
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, directory of 64 provincial Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development (DARDs)
Agricultural organizations based in Vietnam
Vietnam
Vietnam
Forestry in Vietnam
Vietnam
Agriculture And Rural Development
Governmental office in Hanoi
Vietnam
Ministries established in 1995
Rural development ministries
1995 establishments in Vietnam
Jean Théodore Dupas (21 February 1882 – 6 September 1964) was a French painter, artist, designer, poster artist, and decorator in the Art Nouveau and Art Deco styles.
Life
Dupas was born in Bordeaux. They won the Prix de Rome for painting in 1910.
Dupas has worked in various exponents of the Nouveau and Deco areas, such as the fashion magazine Vogue and Harper's Bazaar. In 1925 at the Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes in Paris, they showed Les Perruches, one of their most famous oil on canvas. In 1927, with the aide of French printing house , they conceived a catalogue for the fur company Max.
In the 1930s, Dupas was commissioned by Frank Pick to produce the artwork for a series of posters for the underground network of London Transport.
Dupas expressed their predilection for large-scale projects: "The greater is my work, the happy I am." Thus their collaboration in the decor of famous steamships during the 1930s, emphasizing the Art Deco mode of the time. Among these works, the SS Île-de-France and the SS Liberté were among the first. But in 1935, with the help of glass master Champigneulle, they decorated the grand salon of the Normandie, in more than 400 square meters of painted and frosted glass.
They became a member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts in 1941.
Works
Frescos of the Saint-Esprit church, Paris
Frescos of the d'Albert dans la Somme church
Palais royal de Bucarest
Collège Saint Louis, Paris
Frescos of the Claude Monet school, Paris
Great frescos of the La vigne et le vin, in the Aquitaine museum, Bordeaux
Two frescos in the viewing room at the Bordeaux Stock Market Exchange
La femme en rouge (1927), Musée des arts décoratifs, Paris
La fontaine italienne (1926), Musée de Beauvais
Le char de l'aurore. This last panel constitute of Normandie which was exposed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in the 2005 exhibition, Art Deco Paris. Today is housed at the Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh.
Musée Antoine-Lécuyer, Saint Quentin
Musée des arts décoratifs, Bordeaux
References
Sources
Jacqueline du Pasquier, Bordeaux Art Déco, Éditions Somogy, 1997
Affiches de Jean Dupas. Catalogue de l'exposition, Bordeaux, 1987
Les Pages d'or de l'édition française, Mairie de Paris, 1988
Patricia Bayer, Art déco. Le livre, Éditions Florilège, 1988
Louis René Vian, Les Arts décoratifs à bord des paquebots français, Éditions Fonmare, 1992
Links
Bridgeman Images
Jean Dupas sur Artcyclopedia
1882 births
1964 deaths
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
Art Nouveau painters
Art Nouveau designers
Art Nouveau illustrators
French illustrators
French designers
French poster artists
Artists from Bordeaux
Art Deco artists
Prix de Rome for painting
Members of the Académie des beaux-arts
The 2016 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship was the 17th staging of the AVC Club Championships. The tournament was held in Naypyidaw, Myanmar from 23 to 31 August 2016. The champions qualified for the 2017 Club World Championship as Asia's representative.
Pools composition
Teams were seeded in the first two positions of each pool following the Serpentine system according to their final standing of the 2015 edition. AVC reserved the right to seed the hosts as head of pool A regardless of the final standing of the 2015 edition. All teams not seeded were drawn. But, Turkmenistan later withdrew. Final standing of the 2015 edition are shown in brackets except the hosts who did not participate in the 2015 edition.
Venues
Wunna Theikdi Sports Complex – Hall B, Naypyidaw, Myanmar – Preliminary round, Pool E, F and Final eight
Wunna Theikdi Sports Complex – Hall C, Naypyidaw, Myanmar – Preliminary round, Pool H, 9th–12th places and 13th–14th places
Pool standing procedure
Number of matches won
Match points
Sets ratio
Points ratio
Result of the last match between the tied teams
Match won 3–0 or 3–1: 3 match points for the winner, 0 match points for the loser
Match won 3–2: 2 match points for the winner, 1 match point for the loser
Preliminary round
All times are Myanmar Standard Time (UTC+06:30).
Pool A
|}
|}
Pool B
|}
|}
Pool C
|}
|}
Pool D
|}
|}
Classification round
All times are Myanmar Standard Time (UTC+06:30).
The results and the points of the matches between the same teams that were already played during the preliminary round shall be taken into account for the classification round.
Pool E
|}
|}
Pool F
|}
|}
Pool H
|}
|}
Final round
All times are Myanmar Standard Time (UTC+06:30).
13th–14th places
13th place match
|}
9th–12th places
After the August 2016 Myanmar earthquake, Al Jazira decided to give up the 9th–12th places.
9th–12th semifinals
|}
9th place match
|}
Final eight
Quarterfinals
|}
5th–8th semifinals
|}
Semifinals
|}
7th place match
|}
5th place match
|}
3rd place match
|}
Final
|}
Final standing
Awards
Most Valuable Player
Shahram Mahmoudi (Sarmayeh Bank Tehran)
Best Setter
Mehdi Mahdavi (Sarmayeh Bank Tehran)
Best Outside Spikers
Uroš Kovačević (Al Arabi)
Milad Ebadipour (Sarmayeh Bank Tehran)
Best Middle Blockers
Leandro Vissotto (Al Arabi)
Mohammad Mousavi (Sarmayeh Bank Tehran)
Best Opposite Spiker
György Grozer (Shanghai Golden Age)
Best Libero
Koichiro Koga (Toyoda Gosei Trefuerza)
External links
Official website
Squads
Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship
The Socorro wren (Troglodytes sissonii) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae.
It is endemic to Socorro Island, Mexico. It was formerly placed in Thryomanes but was moved to Troglodytes considering "manners, song, plumage, etc." and by biogeography and mtDNA NADH dehydrogenase subunit 2 sequence analysis.
Its natural habitats are the tropical arid Croton masonii–prickly pear shrubland and occasionally the more humid forest. It appears to prefer this habitat, limiting its presence above 600 m (2000 ft) although it does range over the whole island.
During visits in 1953, the birds were observed to be out of breeding season in mid-March; territorial males were observed in mid-late November.
The main limiting factors are by habitat destruction due to feral sheep and predation by feral cats. In 1953, it was noted to be unwary. However, the IUCN does not yet consider it threatened, because especially compared to the larger birds of Socorro, it has fared not too badly and remains among the most common local landbirds.
Footnotes
References
Socorro wren
Endemic birds of Western Mexico
Socorro wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Battle of the House in the Horseshoe was a minor engagement during the American Revolution between loyalist militia under the command of David Fanning and patriot militia under the command of Phillip Alston, the owner of the House in the Horseshoe. The battle, which took place on either July 29 or August 5, 1781 (with July 29 being the most accepted date), ended in a victory for the loyalists. The surrender terms between the combatants were negotiated by Alston's wife on behalf of the patriots, and by Fanning for the loyalists.
References
External links
North Carolina State Historic Sites page
North Carolina History Project, "House in the Horseshoe"
House in the Horseshoe
Moore County, North Carolina
House in the Horseshoe
1781 in North Carolina
the House in the Horseshoe
Bhagyamudra is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language film written by S. L. Puram Sadanandan and directed by M. A. V. Rajendran. It stars Prem Nazeer, Meenakumari, Adoor Bhasi, Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai, Manavalan Joseph, Kottayam Shantha, Kalavathi, G. K. Pillai, K. R. Vijaya, Sukumari, C. R. Lakshmy, Devaki and Baby Shakeela. The movie is a remake of the 1954 Bengali movie Chheley Kaar.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sukumari
Adoor Bhasi
Kottayam Santha
Manavalan Joseph
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Baby Shakeela
C. R. Lakshmi
Devaki
G. K. Pillai
K. R. Vijaya
Kalavathi
Meena
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Pukazhenthi and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam remakes of Bengali films
St. Ambrose Cathedral may refer to:
St. Ambrose Cathedral, Linares, Chile
St. Ambrose Cathedral (Des Moines, Iowa), United States
The Michigan Reformatory is a state prison for men located in Ionia, Ionia County, Michigan, owned and operated by the Michigan Department of Corrections. The facility has 352 beds at Level II security and 797 beds at Level IV security.
The Reformatory was first opened in 1877 and housed "high-risk offenders". It closed in 2000 with the opening of the nearby Bellamy Creek Correctional Facility, then was reopened in 2007. A Michigan House Appropriation Subcommittee recommended its closure again in 2012.
1981 Riot
On the night of May 22, 1981 a riot broke out at a cellblock housing about 500 inmates. 100 corrections officers and state police contained the inmates with tear gas. Three or four corrections officers were reported slightly injured in the disturbance, which began about 8:10 P.M. Arson, looting and vandalism, began shortly after damaging 30 buildings.
References
Prisons in Michigan
Buildings and structures in Ionia County, Michigan
1877 establishments in Michigan
Donald James Toth (born May 31, 1948) is a Canadian provincial politician and was Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan during the first term of the Saskatchewan Party government of Premier Brad Wall, from 2007 to 2011. They represented the constituency of Moosomin in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1986 to 2016. While they were originally elected as a member of the Progressive Conservatives, they and some other Tories and Liberals co-founded the Saskatchewan Party in 1997. On December 10, 2007, they were elected Speaker by acclamation. Dan D'Autremont defeated them in the speakership election in the second term of the Wall government (2011–2016).
They were educated at the University of Saskatchewan and the Full Gospel Bible Institution in Eston (now Eston College).
Toth did not run for reelection in 2016. They were the last sitting legislator who had served during the Grant Devine government of the 1980s.
References
Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan MLA Biography
Saskatchewan Party MLA Biography
Don Toth's webpage
Living people
1948 births
Saskatchewan Party MLAs
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan
21st-century Canadian politicians
Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan MLAs
University of Saskatchewan alumni
The Grigorovich MUR-1, (MUR - Morskoi Uchebnyi Rhône - seaplane trainer Rhône), was a trainer flying boat built in the Soviet Union in the mid-1920s.
Development
The MUR-1 was developed by the Grigorovich Design Bureau in response to a Red Air Force requirement for a flying boat suited to training naval pilots. The MUR-1 differed from the Grigorovich M-5 in that it used a more powerful engine, single bay wings with thicker section, and stronger tail structure. Speed was increased, but other characteristics suffered. Increased weight of the tail structure necessitated carrying of ballast in the nose. Test flights of the MUR-1 showed no discernable improvement over the M-5.
To remedy aerodynamics deficiencies during its initial flight trials, the MUR-1 was modified with pressure sensors and a new hull, and redesignated MUR-2, with input from TsAGI engineer N.N.Podsevalov. Test flights were conducted 1929-1931 with the intent to test load condition during taxi, takeoff and landing.
Specifications
Notes
Further reading
1920s Soviet patrol aircraft
Flying boats
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1926
Rotary-engined aircraft
B'nai Jacob Synagogue is a historic Conservative synagogue located at the intersection of Nissley and Water Streets, Middletown, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1906, and is a one-story brick building with a front gabled roof. The front facade features brick recessed panels with pointed arched windows and a circular window. Atop the front gable is a Star of David. It is the oldest building erected as a synagogue in Dauphin County.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
References
External links
Synagogue website
Synagogues on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Synagogues completed in 1906
Conservative synagogues in Pennsylvania
Religious buildings and structures in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
1906 establishments in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
Ove ruke nisu male... 2 (These hands are not small... 2) is the second compilation album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme, released by Tom Tom Music in 2005. The compilation features the material released on the second studio album, Svi za mnom!, as well as unreleased material from the period, including a live version of "Ne, ne, ne", a cover of the Smetana violin theme "Humoreska" and unreleased soundtrack for the Želimir Žilnik 1985 film Lepe žene prolaze kroz grad, the band had recorded but never released. The first part of the compilation, Ove ruke nisu male... 1, was released in 2000 by the same record label.
Track listing
Svi za mnom!
(Ne) Realizovana filmska muzika
Plus
References
Ove ruke nisu male... 2 at B92.fm
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
2005 compilation albums
Serbian-language albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
I-27 was a submarine of the Imperial Japanese Navy which saw service during the Pacific Campaign of World War II. I-27 was commissioned at Sasebo, Japan on February 24, 1942.
Service history
On 31 May 1942, I-27 launched midget submarine M-14 as the leading submarine for the attack on Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
On June 4, 1942, while en route Whyalla-Newcastle was torpedoed and sunk 44 miles SSW of Gabo Island by I-27. Thirty eight of their forty two crew were lost, with the survivors being picked up by SS Mulbera.
On March 20, 1943, was torpedoed and sunk in the Indian Ocean () by I-27. The sole survivor of this sinking made no comment as to the fate of the crew, although some publications suggest that they may have been killed by the crew of I-27. There is no conclusive evidence either way, but there is also no evidence of I-27 taking such action on other occasions.
On June 3, 1943, I-27 torpedoed and sank SS Montanan in the Indian Ocean. Five of Montanans crew were killed and 58 were rescued.
On July 5, 1943 I-27 torpedoed and sank the Alcoa Protector, sailing as part of convoy PA44 in the Gulf of Oman.
The turbine engines of this ship were later salvaged and used to propel the Great Lakes freighter Kinsman Independent.
On November 8, 1943, I-27 sank the Liberty ship SS Sambridge. The survivors made it safely to lifeboats and the ship's captain, Captain H. Scurr, was taken prisoner. A burst of machine-gun fire was heard by the survivors, but its reason is unknown as Scurr was eventually freed from Changi prison camp at the end of the war.
The submarine torpedoed and sank the Allied steamship near the Maldives on February 12, 1944, killing 1,297 passengers and crew. After the attack, I-27 attempted to hide under Khedive Ismails survivors who were floating in the water. Nevertheless, the British destroyers and located the submarine and destroyed it with depth charges, ramming, and torpedoes at . Ninety-nine of I-27s crew were killed. One survivor was captured by the British.
Notes
Bibliography
Type B1 submarines
Ships built by Sasebo Naval Arsenal
1940 ships
World War II submarines of Japan
Japanese submarines lost during World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Indian Ocean
Maritime incidents in February 1944
Thetidio is a small village located in Thessaly, central Greece. It is named after Thetis, the mother of Achilles.
References
Villages in Greece
Populated places in Thessaly
Julien Marie Cosmao-Kerjulien (Châteaulin, Finistère, 27 November 1761 – Brest, 17 February 1825) was a French Navy officer, admiral, best remembered for their role in the Battle of Trafalgar.
Career
Early career
Completing their studies in Châteaulin, young Cosmao-Kerjulien joined the French Royal Navy in 1776, against their parents' will. They served in the Aigrette in the Caraibs. Back to Brest in 1778, they served on the Oiseau with Corentin de Leissegues. In September, after the beginning of the American Revolutionary War, they served on the Nymphe, taking part in two battles against English privateers, near Bordeaux and Belle-Isle.
Between January 1779 and April 1781, they served in Guyana aboard the brig Hirondelle, fighting two more English privateers and capturing two East Indiamen. They were promoted to Lieutenant of an auxiliary frigate in September 1781. They served successively aboard the Pégase (February 1782) and the Protecteur (March) before taking command of the Fluyt Fidèle in Terre Neuve from May 1783 to April 1784. In January 1785 they served on the Lourde, on the Vigilante on October and the Dorade in April 1786. They were made a sub-lieutenant on a ship of the line in March 1786.
In September 1787, they were given command of the brig Vaneau, and of the Boulonnaise for November 1787 to March 1790. From October 1790 to January 1791, they were first officer aboard the Précieuse.
From February 1791, they served aboard the Orion of the squadron of Laurent Jean François Truguet in Toulon. They were made ship of the line full lieutenant in January 1792, and received command of the corvette Sincère in April. They took part in the landing at Cagliari in January 1793.
Captain
In the context of the lack of qualified officers due to the Revolution, they were made Capitaine de Vaisseau in April 1793, serving aboard the , the Centaure and the Duguay-Trouin, under Rear-Admiral Trogoff de Kerlessy.
In December 1794 they were transferred to the squadron commanded by Admiral Pierre Martin, where they commanded the 80-gun ship of the line . On 10 June 1795, they captured the English frigate Alceste, and took part in the Battle of Cape Noli in March 1795 (the French and the English both lost two ships of the line) and of Cape Frejus (17 French ships of the line against 23 English; the French lost the 74-gun Alcide).
In June 1797, they were made chief of division, commanding the Jemmapes in the Mediterranean. From 1801 to 1803, they served under Dordelin in Saint-Domingue, commanding the , the Alliance and the .
Back to France, they assumed command of the 74-gun Pluton in the squadron of Admiral Villeneuve in Toulon. They accompanied the squadron to the Caraibs in its seizing of the English fortress of the Diamond Rock, away from Martinique. Back to Europe, they took part in the Battle of Cape Finisterre, on 22 July, saving one Spanish ship which had been cut off for a time by the British.
Battle of Trafalgar
At the Battle of Trafalgar, Pluton was part of the reconnaissance squadron created by Villeneuve and commanded by Spanish Admiral Gravina. They followed the in the line of battle, in the rear. When Admiral Collingwood attacked, Pluton opened fire on , then manoeuvered in order to block HMS Mars, damaged them with artillery fire and attempted to board and seize them However, the arrival of in their stern forced them to turn. They engaged , already damaged by the fire of Fougueux; again another English ship, , forced them to disengage. They then helped the surrounded of Gravina, and succeeded in freeing them
However, at this point, the battle was already lost for the French. At sunset, five French ships (, , , and and six Spanish ships tried to return to Cádiz, under dying Admiral Gravina. On 23 October, Cosmao, as one of the most senior officers present, jointly took command of the squadron with Spanish Commodore Enrique MacDonell, and set back to sea with five ships: Pluton, Héros, Neptune, San Francisco de Asis, and Rayo. Cosmao later tried to claim sole credit for the sortie but this is not correct as both MacDonell and Cosmao both had Commodore pennants raised. They managed to retake Neptuno and Santa Ana, as well as to force the English to scuttle a number of their prizes. Neptuno and Rayo sank during the journey back and the Indomptable was wrecked with the loss of over a thousand men.
Late career
Cosmao-Kerjulien was made Rear Admiral on 29 May 1806. They took command of a division of the French Mediterranean Fleet, under Ganteaume from 1807. they took part in operations to resupply Corfu and to the landing in Sicily. Their 4 ships, having sustained damage, retreated to Taranto.
In late 1809, Ganteaume was organising reinforcements to Barcelona. Cosmao set their flag on and took command of a squadron comprising , , and , as well as the frigates and , and a dozen of transports. The fleet departed Toulon on 24 April 1809, and returned on 1 May without incident.
Cosmao was made baron in 1810. In August 1811, they served under Admiral Missiessy in the Escaut Squadron, commanding a division, with their flag in the ship-of-the-line Tilsit.
In 1813 they returned to the Mediterranean Fleet, where they commanded a 5-ship division, with their flag on the . At the action of 5 November 1813, they saved the 74-gun and the frigates Pénélope and Melpomène which were under threat to be surrounded by superior English forces.
In February 1814, they set sail with three ships from Toulon to Genoa, threatened by the Austrians, to bring back the Scorpion. They escaped the forces of Admiral Pellew and successfully returned to Toulon on the 10th with the Scorpion without losing a ship, though the , at the rear, did suffer some damage.
During the First Restoration, in April 1814, Cosmao-Kerjulien received command of the Mediterranean Fleet, and was appointed a Knight of the Order of Saint Louis. In 1815, upon the Emperor's brief return to power, they rallied to Napoleon, who made them préfet maritime of Brest in March, and a Peer of France in June, right before the Battle of Waterloo.
Cosmao-Kerjulien was retired on 1 January 1816, and for one year they did not receive a pension. At the time of their retirement, they were 55, with 25 year in campaigns, and 11 battles without once being wounded or captured. They died at 64, on 17 February 1825.
Five paintings of them can be seen in the town house of their home town of Châteaulin, in the Finistère.
Honours
"The best sailor of the time; none was ever braver and more generous" -- Napoléon
Cosmao's name is engraved on the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.
Legion of Honour from 7 April 1812
chevalier de Saint-Louis from 5 July 1814
Pair de France
References
External links
Cosmao Dumanoir
Biographie des célébrités militaires des armées de terre et de mer de 1789 à 1850
1761 births
1825 deaths
People from Châteaulin
French Navy admirals
French naval commanders of the Napoleonic Wars
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Knights of the Order of Saint Louis
Peers of France
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
Tokmaklar is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 105 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Yohei Takeda (武田 洋平, born June 30, 1987) is a Japanese football player for Nagoya Grampus.
National team career
In July 2007, Takeda was elected Japan U-20 national team for 2007 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, they played 1 match against Nigeria.
Club statistics
Updated to 19 July 2022.
1Includes J1 Playoffs and J2/J3 Playoffs.
Honours
Nagoya Grampus
J.League Cup: 2021
References
External links
Profile at Nagoya Grampus
1987 births
Living people
Association football people from Osaka Prefecture
People from Hirakata
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Shimizu S-Pulse players
Albirex Niigata players
Gamba Osaka players
Cerezo Osaka players
Oita Trinita players
Nagoya Grampus players
Association football goalkeepers
Panicos Onisiphorou Demetriades (; born 19 January 1959) in :Limassol, :Cyprus, is a Cypriot :economist, currently Professor of Financial Economics at the :University of Leicester. During 3 May 2012 - 10 April 2014, Demetriades was a European Central Bank Governing Council member and the Governor of the Central Bank of Cyprus. According to RePEC they are in the top 2% of economic authors in Europe.  They are the author of "A Diary of the Euro Crisis in Cyprus: Lessons for Bank Recovery and Resolution", published by Palgrave Macmillan in 2017.
Biography
From 1978 to 1981, they studied economics at the :University of Essex where they graduated with first-class honours. They continued their studies at Essex where in 1982 they completed their MA in economics, graduating with distinction. Between 1982 and 1987 they studied for a PhD at :Cambridge University under the supervision of Frank Hahn and Hashem Pesaran. The title of their thesis was "Essays on the Costs of Inflation". During their studies at Cambridge Demetriades won the Stevenson Prize in Economics, awarded in recognition of their work on the relationship between the level and variability of inflation. In 2011, Demetriades was elected Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences of the United Kingdom (FAcSS).
Career
After obtaining their PhD they worked for 5 years in the Economic Research Department at the :Central Bank of Cyprus. In 1990 they left the Central Bank and joined the Department of Economics at :Keele University where in 1996 they became Reader in Economics. In 1997 they left Keele and joined South Bank University as Professor of Financial Economics and remained there for 3 years. In 2000 they were appointed to their current post as Professor of Financial Economics at the :University of Leicester.
Demetriades was appointed to a five-year term as governor of the Central Bank of Cyprus on 3 May 2012 . The post involves membership of the European Central Bank's Governing Council, the independent body responsible for monetary policy in the euro area. Demetriades, resigned from this post in April 2014, following tensions with the government of Nicos Anastasiades, which was elected to handle the country's bailout in March 2013. Their early departure from office was viewed as a blow to central bank independence in Europe.
Academic research
Demetriades's academic work focuses on the relationship between finance and growth as well as the interactions between public and private capital and productivity. Their early work on finance and growth challenged the view that growth in the financial system is, by itself, sufficient to deliver more economic growth and emphasised the importance of good institutions. Moreover, they have shown that, where present, the contribution of the banking sector to growth is more significant than that of equity finance through the stock market. More recent work has challenged widely held views about government owned banks by showing that, far from acting as an obstacle to growth, such banks can actually enhance both financial and economic development. Their work on public capital contradicts the 'crowding out' argument often used by mainstream economists to justify cuts in public spending and reduce the size of government. Specifically, they show that public investment can actually promote the productivity of the private sector and stimulate trade, employment and long run growth. In this sense, their work has a distinctly Keynesian flavour, influenced by new Keynesians such as Joseph Stiglitz. Although their work can be classified as macroeconomics, they also utilise both micro-data and micro-econometrics. Their academic work has been influential, as evidenced by over 8000 citations in Google Scholar. According to the RePEc rankings, they are ranked among the top 1% of the world's most widely read economists as well as the top 5% of economic authors worldwide based on criteria like average rank score, number of works number of distinct works, number of citations etc.
Selected academic articles
"The Changing Face of Financial Development", with Peter L. Rousseau, Economics Letters, Elsevier, vol. 141(C), pages 87–90, 2015
"Why Do African Banks Lend so Little?", with Svetlana Andrianova and Badi H. Baltagi and David Fielding, Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics, Department of Economics, University of Oxford, vol. 77(3), pages 339–359, 06, 2015
"Financial Restraints And Private Investment: Evidence From A Nonstationary Panel", with Mauro Costantini and Gregory A. James and Kevin C. Lee, Economic Inquiry, Western Economic Association International, vol. 51(1), pages 248–259, 01, 2013
"Government ownership of banks, institutions and economic growth", with S Andrianova, Economica, London School of Economics and Political Science, vol. 79(315), pages 449–469, 07, 2012
"Sources and legitimacy of financial liberalization", with Burgoon, Brian and Underhill, Geoffrey R.D., European Journal of Political Economy, Elsevier, vol. 28(2), pages 147–161, 2012
"Political Economy Origins of Financial Development in Europe and Asia", with S.Andrianova and C.Xu, World Development , 2010
"Financial Development and Openness: Evidence from Panel Data", with B.Baltagi and S.H.Law, Journal of Development Economics, Vol 89, 2009
"Government Ownership of Banks, Institutions and Financial Development", with S.Andrianova and A.Shortland, Journal of Development Economics, Vol 85, 2009
"Monetary Policy and the Exchange Rate during the Asian Crisis: Identification through Heteroskedasticity", with A.Cipollini and G. Carpole, Journal of International Money and Finance, Vol 24, 2005
"Finance and growth: what we know and what we need to know", with S Andrianova, Financial Development and Economic Growth, 38–65, 2004
"International Aspects of Public Infrastructure Investment", with S.Bougheas and E.Morgenroth, Canadian Journal of Economics, Vol 36, No 4, 2003
"Financial Restraints in the South Korean Miracle", with K.Luintel, Journal of Development Economics, Vol 64, No 2, April, 2001
"Financial Development and Economic Growth: the Role of Stock Markets", with P.Arestis and K.Luintel, Journal of Money, Credit and Banking, Vol 33, No 1, 2001
"Intertemporal Output and Employment Effects of Public Infrastructure Capital: Evidence from 12 OECD Economies", with T. Mamuneas, The Economic Journal, Vol 110, No 465, 2000
"Infrastructure, Transport Costs and Trade", with S.Bougheas and E. Morgenroth, Journal of International Economics, Vol 47, No 1, 1999
"The Direct Costs of Financial Repression: Evidence from India", with K.Luintel, The Review of Economics and Statistics, Vol 79, No 2, 1997
"Financial Development and Economic Growth: Assessing the Evidence", with P.Arestis, The Economic Journal, Vol 107, 1997
"Does Financial Development Cause Economic Growth: Time Series Evidence from 16 Countries", with K.Hussein, Journal of Development Economics, Vol 51, No2, 1996
References
External links
Demetriades webpage in Leicester University
Demetriades webpage in IDEAS
Demetriades webpage in Scholar
Demetriades Twitter
1959 births
Academics of the University of Leicester
Greek Cypriot people
Living people
Macroeconomists
Financial economists
Cypriot academics
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Governors of the Central Bank of Cyprus
Student aid can refer to:
Purely financial aid provided for students that consists of grants or loans or both, usually called student financial aid
Aid provided for students that consists of more than just purely financial aid, for example work-study programs
Student financial aid (Finland)
Student financial aid (Germany)
Student financial aid (Sweden)
Student financial aid (United States)
The Paloș is a right tributary of the river Homorodul Mare in Romania. It flows into the Homorodul Mare in Cața. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Brașov County
Rivers of Harghita County
"Kommt her, ihr Kreaturen all" ("Come all ye creatures of the Lord") is a Catholic hymn with words in German by Johann Georg Seidenbusch, first published in Regensburg in 1687, using a local melody of 1657. It has appeared in regional sections of the German hymnal Gotteslob. The hymn was translated into English as "Come all ye creatures of the Lord". It is commonly used as a hymn sung during processions on the Feast of Corpus Christi.
History
probably wrote the text of "". With a 1657 melody, they published it first in their 1687 devotional collectional Marianischer Schnee-Berg (Marian snow-mountain), subtitled "Beschreibung der Andacht bey Unser Lieben Frawen zum Schnee auff dem Berg zu Auffhausen ... Sambt Neun und zwantzig Bitt- und Lob-Gesänglein" (Description of the devotion of Our Dear Lady of the Snow on the mountain of Auffhausen ... with 29 little songs of prayer and praise) in Regensburg. The song is still used as a processional hymn for Fronleichnam, in English: Feast of Corpus Christi. It has appeared in regional sections of the German hymnal Gotteslob, such as in the Diocese of Cologne as GL 839, in the Diocese of Hamburg as GL 885, and in the Diocese of Münster as GL 849. It is also part of other collections.
The hymn was translated into English as "Come all ye creatures of the Lord" by George Ratcliffe Woodward, and published in their Songs of Syon in 1904.
Uses
"" is a popular hymn for Corpus Christ processions. Lothar Zenetti quoted the first line in a poem titled "Fronleichnam", published in the collection Auf seiner Spur: Texte gläubiger Zuversicht (On Their track: texts of faithful confidence) in 2012. The first line was quoted for a 2017 exhibition at the museum of the Diocese of Osnabrück, Über die Tiere an der Krippe, of animals at the manger as artists added them to nativity scenes although they are not mentioned in the Bible. During the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, when the traditional processions were cancelled, a parish in Oppenheim created a video showing a virtual carpet of flowers, with the song as the background music.
References
External links
Catholic hymns in German
17th-century hymns in German
Hannah Lyman (1816 – February 21, 1871) was an American educator. They were the first Lady Principal of Vassar College. Lyman took an active interest in missionary operations through their whole life, maintained a constant correspondence with several distinguished Christian missionaries in foreign lands, and did much by the power of their enthusiasm to kindle and foster the missionary spirit, not only among their pupils, but in the wide circle of social influence which they filled for many years.
In the city of Montreal, surrounded by their nearest relatives, they commenced a select class for young women which speedily grew into a seminary of a very superior order. For twenty-two years, though often oppressed with anxiety, by sorrow, by failing health and most of all, by the deep sense of their own insufficiency, they persevered in their work. Them reputation as a successful and inspiring teacher had been so widespread that they had received frequent invitations to take the superintendence of large public educational institutions, which they had uniformly declined. In 1865, however, they received an urgent request to become first lady principal of a newly organized woman's college on a very large scale -Vassar College, Poughkeepsie, New York- an institution founded on a munificent bequest, with aims and resources greater than perhaps any other such institution in the world.
Early life and education
Hannah Willard Lyman was born in Northampton, Massachusetts, in 1816. They were of Puritan ancestry. Along with the Edwardses, the Stoddards, the Strongs, and others, the Lymans were members of old families who originally settled that region. Them parents were Theodore Lyman and Susan Willard Whitney. They were a sister of Henry Lyman, the missionary, who, with their colleague, Samuel Munson, was murdered in Sumatra. Their martyrdom made a deep impression on her, as was evinced in the biography of them which they wrote years after. Other brothers included Theodore Lyman and S. J. Lyman.
Lyman's advantages of early education were the best that New England afforded for their gender. While they were yet a child, their parents removed to Amherst, Massachusetts, where they grew up amid the intellectual and social influences characteristic of a New England college town, and formed numerous acquaintances with educated and professional people, that were of immense value to them in subsequent life.
At the Ipswich Female Seminary, they were associated with various instructors including Mrs. Girard, sister of the historian George Bancroft, and with Zilpah P. Grant Banister, the school's principal, with whom Mary Lyon, the founder of Mount Holyoke College, was at that time a co-worker.
Career
Lyman began to teach at a very early age, filling subordinate positions successfully at Gorham Academy, Maine; in Massachusetts; and at Mrs. Gray's Seminary for Ladies in Petersburg, Virginia.
Montreal
In 1839, they went to Montreal, where several members of their family were then settled, and opened a select school for young women on an independent basis. The enthusiasm of their nature, their intelligence, their exalted ideal of feminine culture, and their talent (amounting almost to genius) for the profession to which they had devoted herself, made this enterprise a success from the beginning. Them school soon gained the confidence of the public, till it drew its pupils from all parts of Canada and the northern and eastern U.S.
While a resident of Montreal, they were recognized as a most active member of the Christian church, and an influential promoter of movement for the intellectual as well as the moral and religious benefit of the community. For a long time, they met a large class of British soldiers, who came weekly to their parlors for Bible instruction. Many of them became Christians. Lyman's Christianity was of a definite orthodox type, pronounced and aggressive, though tempered by a naturally genial spirit, and catholic on principle toward those who differed from them on points they deemed unessential. With such convictions, they could not fail to give a prominent place in their system to the religious training of their pupils. Very many of them became Christians under their influence.
In the summer and fall of 1863, Lyman visited Europe, where they formed many valuable acquaintances among educators and clergymen, especially in England, and studied the methods of female education, in many respects inferior to our own.
Vassar College
They continued the school in Montreal until 1865, when, at the age of 49, they were summoned back to the U.S. to aid in the organization and direction of Vassar, a college for women, whose aims were, in some respects, higher than those of any similar institution in the world. They brought to it no ordinary qualifications. They were in the full maturity of their abilities, skills, and knowledge. Them New England training, their knowledge of college life, their extensive acquaintance with educationists at home and abroad, their familiarity with the critical questions then under discussion respecting woman's education, their varied observation of men and manners, and their life-long experience in the management of the young, all made their counsel invaluable in the moulding of this institution.
The direction of the whole domestic life of the college, and the supervision of the personal interests of its students; the care of their health, the cultivation of their manners, their moral and spiritual welfare-in a word, the maternal care of a family of more than three hundred and fifty young women, with their thirty resident teachers, devolved immediately on her; and though they had able supporters in the resident physician of the college, and other faithful associates, their office as responsible head of the system was no sinecure.
Death and legacy
Lyman never married. Delicate in health, they suffered a long and painful struggle at the end of their life. Remaining at Vassar to the last, they died of tuberculosis at Poughkeepsie, February 21, 1871. After services in the chapel of the college, their remains were conveyed to Montreal for burial at Mount Royal Cemetery, where a monument was erected.
In 1880, a memorial in their honor was preserved in McGill University by the "Hannah Willard Lyman Fund", raised by subscriptions from their former pupils, and invested as a permanent endowment to furnish annually a scholarship or prizes in a college for women affiliated to the university, or in classes for the higher education of women.
Selected works
The Martyr of Sumatra: A Memoir of Henry Lyman, 1856
To the parents of students , 1867
References
Attribution
Bibliography
Further reading
Hannah Willard Lyman: Lady Principal, Vassar College, 1865-1871 (1950)
External links
Hannah Lyman at Vassar Encyclopedia
1816 births
1871 deaths
Vassar College staff
People from Northampton, Massachusetts
Educators from Massachusetts
Writers from Massachusetts
19th-century American biographers
19th-century American women writers
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Tuberculosis deaths in New York (state)
Burials at Mount Royal Cemetery
In geometry, a circular section is a circle on a quadric surface (such as an ellipsoid or hyperboloid). It is a special plane section of the quadric, as this circle is the intersection with the quadric of the plane containing the circle.
Any plane section of a sphere is a circular section, if it contains at least 2 points. Any quadric of revolution contains circles as sections with planes that are orthogonal to its axis; it does not contain any other circles, if it is not a sphere. More hidden are circles on other quadrics, such as tri-axial ellipsoids, elliptic cylinders, etc. Nevertheless, it is true that:
Any quadric surface which contains ellipses contains circles, too.
Equivalently, all quadric surfaces contain circles except parabolic and hyperbolic cylinders and hyperbolic paraboloids.
If a quadric contains a circle, then every intersection of the quadric with a plane parallel to this circle is also a circle, provided it contains at least two points. Except for spheres, the circles contained in a quadric, if any, are all parallel to one of two fixed planes (which are equal in the case of a quadric of revolution).
Circular sections are used in crystallography.
Using projective geometry
The circular sections of a quadric may be computed from the implicit equation of the quadric, as it is done in the following sections. They may also be characterised and studied by using synthetic projective geometry.
Let be the intersection of a quadric surface and a plane . In this section, and are surfaces in the three-dimensional Euclidean space, which are extended to the projective space over the complex numbers. Under these hypotheses, the curve is a circle if and only if its intersection with the plane at infinity is included in the ombilic (the curve at infinity of equation ).
The first case to be considered is when the intersection of with the plane at infinity consists of one or two real lines, that is when is either a hyperbolic paraboloid, a parabolic cylinder or a hyperbolic cylinder. In this case the points at infinity of are real (intersection of a real plane with real lines). Thus the plane sections of cannot be circles (neither ellipses).
If is a sphere, its intersection with the plane at infinity is the ombilic, and all plane sections are circles.
If is a surface of revolution, its intersection with the ombilic consists of a pair of complex conjugate points (which are double points). A real plane contains these two points if and only if it is perpendicular to the axis of revolution. Thus the circular sections are the plane sections by a plane perpendicular to the axis, that have at least two real points.
In the other cases, the intersection of with the ombilic consists of two different pairs of complex conjugate points. As is a curve of degree two, its intersection with the plane at infinity consists of two points, possibly equal. The curve is thus a circle, if these two points are one of these two pairs of complex conjugate points on the ombilic. Each of these pairs defines a real line (passing through the points), which is the intersection of with the plane at infinity. Thus, one has a circular section if and only has at least two real points and contains one of these lines at infinity (that is if is parallel to one of two directions defined by these lines at infinity).
Determination of circular sections of a quadric
In order to find the planes, which contain circular sections of a given quadric, one uses the following statements:
(S:) If the common points of a quadric with a sphere are contained in a pair of planes, then the intersection curve consists of two circles.
(P:) If the intersection of a plane and a quadric is a circle, then any parallel plane, that contains at least two points of the quadric, intersects the quadric in a circle, too.
Hence the strategy for the detection of circular sections is:
1) Find a sphere that intersects the quadric in a pair of planes and
2) The planes that are parallel to the detected ones deliver the remaining circular sections.
Tri-axial ellipsoid
For the ellipsoid with equation
and the semi-axes one uses an auxiliary sphere with equation
The sphere's radius has to be chosen such that the intersection with the ellipsoid is contained in two planes through the origin.
Multiplication of the ellipsoid's equation by and subtracting the sphere's equation yields:
This equation describes a pair of planes, if one of the 3 coefficients is zero. In case of or the equation is only fulfilled by either the x-axis or the z-axis. Only in case of one gets a pair of planes with equation
because only in this case the remaining coefficients have different signs (due to: ).
The diagram gives an impression of more common intersections between a sphere and an ellipsoid and highlights the exceptional circular case (blue).
If the values of the semi-axes are approaching, the two pencils of planes (and circles) approach either. For all the planes are orthogonal to the z-axis (rotation axis).
Proof of property (P):
Turning the ellipsoid around the y-axis such that one of the two circles (blue) lies in the x-y-plane results in a new equation of the ellipsoid:
For one gets , which has to be the equation of a circle. This is only true, if .
The intersection of the ellipsoid by a plane with equation , (parallel to the x-y-plane) has the equation
.
This equation describes a circle or a point or the empty set. Center and radius of the circle can be found be completing the square.
Elliptical hyperboloid of one sheet
For the hyperboloid of one sheet with equation
analogously one gets for the intersection with the sphere the equation
Only for one gets a pair of planes:
Elliptical cylinder
For the elliptical cylinder with equation
one gets the equation
Only for one gets a pair of planes:
Elliptical paraboloid
For the elliptical paraboloid with equation
one chooses a sphere containing the vertex (origin) and with center on the axis (z-axis) :
After elimination of the linear parts one gets the equation
Only for one gets a pair of planes :
Elliptical hyperboloid of two sheets
The hyperboloid of two sheets with equation
is shifted at first such that one vertex is the origin (s. diagram):
Analogously to the paraboloid case one chooses a sphere containing the origin with center on the z-axis:
After elimination of the linear parts one gets the equation
Only for one gets a pair of planes:
Elliptical cone
The elliptical cone with equation
is shifted such that the vertex is not the origin (s. diagram):
Now a sphere with center at the origin is suitable:
Eliminatiion of yields:
In this case completing the square gives:
In order to get the equation of a pair of planes, the right part of the equation has to be zero, which is true for
The solution for z gives:
References
H. F. Baker: Principles of Geometry, Volume 3, Cambridge University Press, 2010, .
D. M. Y. Sommerville: Analytical Geometry of Three Dimensions, Cambridge University Press, 1959, , p. 204.
K. P. Grotemeyer: Analytische Geometrie. Göschen-Verlag, 1962, p. 143.
H. Scheid, W. Schwarz: Elemente der Linearen Algebra und der Analysis. Spektrum, Heidelberg, 2009, , p. 132.
External links
H. Wiener, P. Treutlein: Models of an tri-axial ellipsoid and an elliptic paraboloid using circular sections (see p. 15) (PDF).
Analytic geometry
Imparable is the second studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Naela, released on March 18, 2014, by My Major Company.
Track listing
References
External links
2014 albums
Naëla albums
My Major Company albums
The Light Entertainment albums
Spanish-language albums
F+A architect is an architectural firm with its main office in Pasadena, California. The firm was formed in 1973, and its work lies primarily in the planning and design of retail stores and shopping malls. Many of the structures the firm has designed are in North America, but it has also worked on large international projects, most notably in Dubai UAE, Qatar, and Jordan.
North American projects
Several of the firm's projects are noted for a simulated Italian village architectural style, a practice that began with the firm's 1998 design of The Commons complex in Calabasas, California. The firm would continue using a neo-Italianate motif in its 2005 design of the Simi Valley Town Center regional mall in Simi Valley, California, which is designed to look like an Italian hillside village. To give the Simi Valley Town Center a more European appearance, the mall was designed with architectural elements such as trellised and covered walkways, gardens, courtyards, arches, and copper domes.
The incorporation of such traditional elements typifies F+A's overall historicist design style. For example, in the 2003 design of the Pike at Rainbow Harbor in Long Beach, California, the firm used numerous shapes, angles, colors, and textures to create a venue that looked like it had always been part of an historical waterfront area. Each building in the complex has a unique footprint, to avoid the uniform "big box store" appearance that is commonplace to many modern shopping malls.
The firm has also designed several malls around the upscale "lifestyle center" design concept, which combines retail shopping with other leisure amenities. For example, The Village at Park Royal Shopping Centre in West Vancouver is considered to be Canada's first lifestyle center.
Middle Eastern projects
The firm's most famous design project to date is the Mall of the Emirates in Dubai, which is considered the world's first "shopping resort". F+A Architects' design of that mall incorporates both European and Arabic design elements. The firm is currently doing more design work in Dubai, including a motorcycle racetrack, a watersports facility, and a large go-kart racing facility at the Dubailand complex.
Selected work
Ontario Mills (1996), Ontario, California
The Commons (1998), Calabasas, California
Fashion Fair Mall (renovation and additions, 2003) Fresno, California
Pike at Rainbow Harbor (2003), Long Beach, California
The Village at Park Royal Shopping Centre (2004), West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Mall of the Emirates (2005), Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Simi Valley Town Center (2005), Simi Valley, California
Landmark Theatres building at Westside Pavilion (2007), Los Angeles, California (with PleskowRael)
Awards and recognition
International Design & Development Awards, International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC) in 2000, 2006, 2007.
Award of Excellence: Commercial/Retail Development, Urban Development Institute-Pacific Region, in 2005.
References
External links
F+A Architects website
Architecture firms based in California
Hitchin Football Club were an English professional football club based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire. Formed in 1865 and based at Top Field, Hitchin took part in the inaugural FA Cup competition in 1871–72. Turning professional early in the twentieth century, financial worries were compounded by a fire at Top Field in 1911. The club folded soon after.
History
Hitchin Football Club was formed in 1865 and spent their formative years mainly using Dog Kennel Farm on Charlton Road, Hitchin as their home ground. A brief one-season spell at The Cricket Ground, Hitchin followed, where it's believe they played their inaugural FA Cup fixture. Ahead of the 1872/73 season, the club moved to the Bedford Road Ground - later known as Top Field.
During the asupervisorstioned FA Cup fixture it is known that in "torrential rain", Hitchin held Crystal Palace to a 0–0 draw on the first day of the inaugural FA Cup competition on 11 November 1871. Both clubs were allowed through, and Hitchin lost 5–0 to the Royal Engineers in the next round.
The initial fixture versus Crystal Palace was one of the first two FA Cup fixtures to take place. The match in Hitchin kicked off at 15:00. Newspaper reports show that the Maidenhead vs Marlow fixture was due to kick-off at 14:30, but was delayed until 15:20, and that the Upton Park vs Clapham Rovers fixture started at 15:30.
Hitchin's ground at Top Field acquired a proud grandstand during the late 19th century, although the players were still obliged to change at The Cricketers public house across the street. The side turned professional around the turn of the century, but this was an economic folly. To make matters worse, the great grandstand burnt down in 1911. Debt-ridden, with no grandstand and little success, the club limped along until finally folding during the First World War.
This Club is not to be confused with Hitchin Blue Cross who also played in the Town at this time (frequently against Hitchin). They were founded as Hitchin Blue Cross Brigade in the late 1890s and were founder members of the Herts County League in 1898–99. They changed their name to Hitchin Blue Cross in 1902 and played in the Herts County League until 1924. They were twice runners-up in the Herts Senior Cup in 1906–07 and 1920–21 and won it in 1922–23.
Hitchin Town Football Club were formed in 1928 and are generally seen as the successor to the original club and still play at Top Field.
References
General
Hitchin Town F.C.
Association football clubs established in 1865
Defunct football clubs in Hertfordshire
Hitchin
Defunct football clubs in England
Association football clubs disestablished in 1915
1865 establishments in England
1915 disestablishments in England
Maja e Vjelakut ( , Volujak) is a peak of the Prokletije range in Kosovo, reaching a top height of . Volujak creates part of the Rugova Canyon. This mountain can be seen from the city of Peja because it is only a few kilometers west of it.
Notes
References
Geography of Peja District
Mountains of Kosovo
Accursed Mountains
Two-thousanders of Kosovo
VCFL may refer to the following terms:
Victorian Country Football League, a governing body for Australian rules football
Virginia-Carolina Football League, a professional American football league
When in Rome 2007 is a live DVD by British rock band Genesis recorded at Circus Maximus, Rome, Italy, on 14 July 2007, during the Turn It On Again Tour. The concert was directed by David Mallet. The collection was released on 26 May 2008 in most of the world and 10 June 2008 in North America. During its initial release in the United States, it was available exclusively via the band's website, or through Walmart and Sam's Club retail and online stores. Since November 2009, it has been available in regular outlets and online stores in the United States.
A hi-definition release on Blu-ray and HD DVD was announced initially on the release of the corresponding CD Live over Europe 2007. An HD DVD release did not happen due to the demise of the format, and the record company decided there was not a sufficient market for a Blu-ray release.
The DVD was not included in the Genesis Movie Box 1981–2007 due to Nick Davis convincing the record company that fans were displeased with the prospect of buying When in Rome 2007 twice. Therefore, the box set contains an empty jewel case into which two of the three DVDs from When in Rome 2007 can be inserted to complete the box, the third DVD (the Come Rain or Shine documentary) can be housed in an empty slot in the bonus wallet.
The DVD includes a 28-page booklet. Audio options are DTS (24bit/96k) 5.1 surround sound, Dolby Digital (24bit/48k) 5.1 surround sound & Dolby Digital (24bit/48k) 2.0 stereo.
The estimated attendance for the concert was 500,000.
Track listing
DVD 1
DVD 2
DVD 3
Credits
Phil Collins – lead vocals, drums, percussion, stool
Mike Rutherford – 6 and 12-string guitars, bass, bass pedals, backing vocals
Tony Banks – keyboards, backing vocals
with
Daryl Stuermer – guitars, bass, bass pedals, backing vocals
Chester Thompson – drums, percussion, stool
Charts
Weekly charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
Genesis Official Site
UK Promotional Site for "When in Rome"
Genesis (band) video albums
2008 live albums
2008 video albums
Live video albums
Virgin Records live albums
Genesis (band) live albums
Virgin Records video albums
Music videos directed by David Mallet (director)
Lauren Willig is a New York Times bestselling author of historical novels.  They are best known for their "Pink Carnation" series, which follows a collection of Napoleonic-Era British spies, similar to the Scarlet Pimpernel, as they fight for Britain and fall in love.
Biography
A native of New York City, Willig discovered historical fiction when they were only six years old, while they were attempting to find books about their idol, Eleanor of Aquitaine.
After graduating from the Chapin School, Willig attended Yale University, where they majored in Renaissance Studies and Political Science, and was Chairman of the Tory Party of the Yale Political Union. They then studied graduate level early modern European history at Harvard University before entering and graduating from Harvard Law School. Willig briefly worked for Cravath, Swaine & Moore, a law firm in New York, while authoring their "Pink Carnation" series of books, until they gave up law in order to focus full-time on the series.
Willig's books have been named a Romantic Times Top Pick! and they have been nominated for a Quill Award in 2006. They have won the RITA Award for Best Regency Historical Romance, the RT Reviewers Choice Award for Historical Fiction, the Booksellers Best Award for Long Historical Romance, and the Golden Leaf Award.
In Spring of 2010, Willig taught Reading the Historical Romance at their alma mater, Yale University, along with fellow alumna and romance novelist Andrea DaRif, (penname: Cara Elliott). The course received a great deal of attention for helping to bring the romance novel academic notice.
Since winding up the Pink Carnation series, Willig has written six critically acclaimed stand alone works of historical fiction as well as co-authoring four novels with fellow historical fiction authors Karen White and Beatriz Williams.
Works
The Pink Carnation series
The Secret History of the Pink Carnation (February 2005)
The Masque of the Black Tulip (December 29, 2005)
The Deception of the Emerald Ring (November 16, 2006)
The Seduction of the Crimson Rose (January 31, 2008)
The Temptation of the Night Jasmine (January 22, 2009)
The Betrayal of the Blood Lily (January 12, 2010)
The Mischief of the Mistletoe (October 28, 2010)
The Orchid Affair (January 20, 2011)
The Garden Intrigue (February 16, 2012)
The Passion of the Purple Plumeria (August 6, 2013)
The Mark of the Midnight Manzanilla (August 5, 2014)
The Lure of the Moonflower (August 4, 2015)
Historical fiction
The Ashford Affair (April 9, 2013)
That Summer (June 3, 2014)
The Other Daughter (July 21, 2015)
The Forgotten Room (with Karen White and Beatriz Williams) (January 19, 2016)
The English Wife (January 9, 2018)
The Glass Ocean (with Karen White and Beatriz Williams) (September 4, 2018)
The Summer Country (June 4, 2019)
All the Ways We Said Goodbye (with Karen White and Beatriz Williams) (January 14, 2020)
Band of Sisters (March 2, 2021)
The Lost Summers of Newport (with Karen White and Beatriz Williams) (May 17, 2022) ISBN 978-0-063-04074-8
Other works
Two L (August 28, 2011)
"A Night at Northanger" in Jane Austen Made Me Do It (October 2011)
"The Record Set Right" in A Fall of Poppies (March 22, 2016)
"Until We Meet Again" in A Paris All Your Own: Bestselling Women Writers on the City of Light (July 4, 2017)
References
External links
Willig's website
Living people
Chapin School (Manhattan) alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
American romantic fiction writers
21st-century American women writers
Writers from Manhattan
Women romantic fiction writers
RITA Award winners
Cravath, Swaine & Moore people
Novelists from New York (state)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Yale College alumni
