"Something More" is a song written and recorded by American country music group Sugarland. It was released in April 2005 as the second single from their debut album Twice the Speed of Life. Like its predecessor "Baby Girl", "Something More" was a number 2 hit on the Hot Country Songs charts.
Music video
A music video was released for the song, directed by Paul Boyd. In the video, the members of Sugarland are seen driving down a dirt road in a Cadillac. It breaks down and they stand around the smoking vehicle performing the song, until a truck drives up, and Nettles alone hops into the back. Nettle continues hitch-hiking while on the dirt road, getting on a motorcycle and in a station wagon. Throughout this, scenes of Nettles on a beach at sunset are mixed in.
Chart performance
Year-end charts
Personnel
As listed in liner notes.
Tom Bukovac – electric guitar
Brandon Bush – organ
Kristian Bush – mandolin, background vocals
Dan Dugmore – pedal steel guitar
Kristen Hall – acoustic guitar, background vocals
Greg Morrow – drums
Jennifer Nettles – lead vocals
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
References
2005 singles
Sugarland songs
Mercury Nashville singles
Music videos directed by Paul Boyd
Songs written by Kristian Bush
Songs written by Jennifer Nettles
Songs written by Kristen Hall
Song recordings produced by Garth Fundis
2004 songs
MUTV (Manchester United Television) is a premium television channel owned and operated by English football club Manchester United. The channel first broadcast on 10 September 1998.
MUTV offers Manchester United fans exclusive interviews with players and staff, full matches, including all Premier League games (broadcast generally at midnight of the day the match was played), live reserve and academy games and "classic" matches plus footballing news and other themed programming. The station also broadcasts live for all of the team's pre-season friendly matches (including International Champions Cup).
When it was formed, the channel existed as a three-way joint venture between Manchester United, ITV plc and BSkyB. On 16 November 2007, ITV plc sold its 33.3% stake in MUTV to Manchester United. BSkyB followed suit on 22 January 2013, making MUTV 100% owned by Manchester United.
MUTV launched in high definition (HD) in July 2014 on the Sky platform in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Presenters and pundits
Arthur Albiston
Viv Anderson
Ron Atkinson
Wes Brown
Andy Cole
Siobhan Chamberlain
Pat Crerand
Bojan Djordjic
Ali Douglas
Stewart Gardner
Mandy Henry
Denis Irwin
Lou Macari
Helen Evans
Sammy McIlroy
Pien Meulensteen
Gary Pallister
Andy Ritchie
Sarah Stone
David Stowell
Mark Sullivan
Mickey Thomas
Jim Rosenthal
Niall McCaughan
Andy Goldstein
Former presenters
Ally Begg
Hayley McQueen
Steve Bottomley
Paul Anthony
Joe Evans
Mark Pearson
Steve Bower
Matt Cole
Andrew Dickman
Dan O'Hagan
Stuart Pearson
Bryan Swanson
Guests (ex-pros)
Nicky Butt
Denis Law
David May
References
External links
Official site
Manchester United TV – UK Listings and Schedules
Manchester United F.C. media
Football club television channels in the United Kingdom
Television channels in the United Kingdom
1998 establishments in the United Kingdom
Television channels and stations established in 1998
Premier League on television
Justice Black may refer to:
Hugo Lafayette Black, associate justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1937 to 1971
Charles C. Black, associate justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court
Eugene F. Black, associate justice of the Michigan Supreme Court
Francis Marion Black, associate justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri
Jeremiah S. Black, chief justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania from 1851 to 1854
John Black (U.S. senator), associate justice of the Mississippi Supreme Court
Rudolph Angermüller (born 2 September 1940) is a German musicologist, who rendered great services to Mozart studies in particular.
Life
Born in near Bielefeld, Angermüller took classes in piano, double bass and music theory at the Fösterling-Konservatorium in Bielefeld. They obtained their Abitur in 1961. From 1961 to 1970 they studied musicology, Romance studies and history at the Johannes Gutenberg-Universität Mainz, the Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität in Münster, and the University of Salzburg, with Arnold Schmitz, Günther Massenkeil, Hellmut Federhofer and Gerhard Croll. From 1968 to 1975, they were a lecturer of musicology at the University of Salzburg. In 1970 they received their doctorate at the University of Salzburg with a thesis on Antonio Salieri, focused on their secular works, especially their operas.
Angermüller worked on the Neue Mozart-Ausgabe, a complete edition of the composer's works, from 1973 to 1981. They then became head of the scientific department of the International Mozarteum Foundation, and in 1988 the Foundation's General Secretary. In 1991, they were the scientific head of a Salzburg exhibition of Mozart, entitled Bilder und Klänge.
Since 1996, Angermüller has been a corresponding member of the , among several academies and Mozart associations.
Work
Angermüller wrote a book about Mozart's travels, looking at 3,720 days and their locations and meetings in geographical, historic and social context. They worked on it over 20 years. They have been one of four editors of the Mozart Bibliography.
They also wrote liner notes and program notes for the Salzburg Festival and recordings of Mozart's works.
Angermüller's works are held by the German National Library, including:
Antonio Salieri. Sein Leben und seine weltlichen Werke unter besonderer Berücksichtigung seiner „großen“ Opern.In drei Teilbände. Musikverlag Katzbichler, Munich 1971–1974, Dissertation at the University of Salzburg.
Teil I: Werk- und Quellenverzeichnis, 1971, (Publikationen des Instituts für Musikwissenschaft der Universität Salzburg. Volume 2, as well as Schriften zur Musik. volume 16).
Teil II, 1: Vita und weltliche Werke, 1974, (Publikationen des Instituts für Musikwissenschaft der Universität Salzburg. Volume 3, Schriften zur Musik. Volume 17).
Teil III: Dokumente, 1972, } (Publikationen des Instituts für Musikwissenschaft der Universität Salzburg. volume 4, Schriften zur Musik. volume 19).
Vom Kaiser zum Sklaven: Personen in Mozarts Opern; mit bibliographischen Notizen über die Mozart-Sänger der Uraufführungen und Mozarts Librettisten. Internationale Stiftung Mozarteum, Salzburg / Bayerische Vereinsbank, Munich 1989.
Antonio Salieri. Dokumente seines Lebens unter Berücksichtigung von Musik, Literatur, Bildender Kunst, Architektur, Religion, Philosophie, Erziehung, Geschichte, Wissenschaft, Technik, Wirtschaft und täglichem Leben seiner Zeit. 3 volumes. Volume 1: 1670 – 1786, volume 2: 1787 – 1807, volume 3: 1808 – 2000. Karl Heinrich Bock, Bad Honnef 2000, , (German, Italian, French).
Ich, Johannes Chrisostomus Amadeus Wolfgangus Sigismundus Mozart. „Eine Autobiografie“. Karl Heinrich Bock, Bad Honnef 1991, .
Mozarts Reisen in Europa. 1762–1791. Karl Heinrich Bock, Bad Honnef 2004, .
Mozart 1485/86 bis 2003. Daten zu Leben, Werk und Rezeptionsgeschichte der Mozarts. 2 volumes. Musikverlag Hans Schneider, Tutzing 2004, .
Florilegium Pratense. Mozart, seine Zeit, seine Nachwelt. Ausgewählte Aufsätze von Rudolph Angermüller anläßlich seines 65. Geburtstages. Herausgegeben von Geneviève Geffray und Johanna Senigl. Königshausen & Neumann, Würzburg 2005, .
Mozart muss sterben. Ein Prozess(Belletristische Darstellung). Ecowin Verlag der Topakademie, Salzburg 2005, .
Das Testament des Salzburger Bürgermeisters Ignatz Anton von Weiser (1701–1785), Mozarts Textdichter. In Mitteilungen der Gesellschaft für Salzburger Landeskunde. Volume 145, 2005, , .
Wenzel Müller und "sein" Leopoldstädter Theater. Mit besonderer Berücksichtigung der Tagebücher Wenzel Müllers, Böhlau, Vienna / Cologne / Weimar 2009, (Wiener Schriften zur Stilkunde und Aufführungspraxis, volume 5), Text at Google Books.
References
External links
German music historians
20th-century German musicologists
21st-century German musicologists
Mozart scholars
1940 births
Living people
Writers from Bielefeld
Oscar Martin "Slim" Harrell (1890–1971) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. They played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season. They attended Baylor University.
Their Baylor yearbook lauded them as one of the premier college pitchers in the State. Despite this, they only appeared in one Major League game.
References
1890 births
1971 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Athletics players
Holyoke Papermakers players
Memphis Chickasaws players
Baseball players from Texas
Baylor University alumni
People from Johnson County, Texas
The Bowling Green Barons were a baseball team that represented Bowling Green, Kentucky in the Class D Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee (Kitty) League from 1939 to 1942. The franchise was purchased from the Lexington (TN) Bees during the off-season. The Barons were owned by a group of local investors led by Vick Smith Sr. (His son Vick Jr. was reserve outfielder for the club in 1939.) Their home field was Fairgrounds Park.
With a roster consisting largely of players from the 1938 Lexington team, the Barons (75-51) finished in a second-place tie with the Owensboro (KY) Oilers in 1939. They were managed by Innes "Rip" Fanning, another Lexington holdover. With a three-game sweep against Owensboro, they advanced to the finals of the postseason Shaughnessy playoffs against the first-place Mayfield (KY) Browns. The series was tied at two games apiece when Fanning, seeking reassurances that they would be rehired the next season and receiving none, resigned on September 14. Kitty League veteran and former major leaguer Herbert "Dutch" Welch took over the reins and led Bowling Green to the Shaughnessy title four games to two.
External links
Baseball Reference
Kittyleague.com
Remembering the Barons
This article is based on the "Bowling Green Barons" article at Baseball-Reference.com Bullpen. The Bullpen is a wiki, and its content is available under the GNU Free Documentation License.
Sports in Bowling Green, Kentucky
Defunct baseball teams in Kentucky
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee League
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Baseball teams established in 1939
Baseball teams disestablished in 1942
Professional baseball teams in Kentucky
1939 establishments in Kentucky
1942 disestablishments in Kentucky
Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee League teams
Polycestaxia howas is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Polycestaxia.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Friedrich Ludwig Æmilius Kunzen (24 September 1761 – 28 January 1817) was a German composer and conductor who lived and worked for much of their life in Denmark.
Life
They were born in Lübeck, where their father, Adolph Carl Kunzen, was an organist and their grandfather, Johann Paul Kunzen (1696-1757), had composed for the Hamburg Opera in the 1720s. In 1781 they began studying law in Kiel, but their true love was music, and in 1784, encouraged by composer Johann Abraham Peter Schulz, they moved to Copenhagen to pursue a musical career.
They performed as a pianist at court and in clubs, and in the next few years had successes with a memorial cantata for Count Otto Thott and music for the marriage of Crown Princess Louise Auguste to Frederik Christian II, Duke of Augustenborg, as well as theatre music. In 1788 they met the young author Jens Baggesen, and the two collaborated on the opera Holger Danske, which premiered the following year, causing the "Holger Feud," as a result of which Kunzen temporarily left the country. For the next two years they lived in Berlin.
From 1792 until 1794 they worked as musical director of the new Frankfurter National-Theater, where they put on Mozart's Don Giovanni and The Magic Flute. During their stay in Frankfurt they married one of the foremost singers of the era, Johanna Margaretha Antonetta Zuccarini (1766-1842).
In 1794 they and their wife moved to Prague, where they worked as an opera director; the following year they were offered the position of musical director of the Royal Orchestra in Copenhagen; they immediately accepted and returned with their wife to their beloved city in 1795. Their obligations were numerous, their salary poor, and their enthusiasm about Mozart was met with indigenous scepticism. As a consequence, Cosi fan tutte failed spectacularly in 1798. However, they had successes with Don Giovanni (1807) and Die Entführung aus dem Serail (1813).
Aside from an occasional composition for the court and city, they composed the oratorio Opstandelsen (The Resurrection, 1796), the grand opera Erik Ejegod (1798), and various hymns and Singspiele. In 1809, they were appointed professor, and in 1811 they were honoured as a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog and appointed a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music. On 28 January 1817, they suffered a stroke and died after an argument with Jens Baggesen over a plagiarism controversy concerning the opera Trylleharpen (The Magic Harp), which had been performed in 1806 in Vienna and Hamburg in German as Ossians Harfe, but without success.
References
Work cited
Further reading
External links
Profile at the Don Juan Archiv symposium website
1761 births
1817 deaths
Classical-period composers
Danish classical composers
German male classical composers
German opera composers
Male opera composers
German emigrants to Denmark
Musicians from Lübeck
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
Composers awarded knighthoods
Danish conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
German conductors (music)
German male conductors (music)
Place of death missing
19th-century German male musicians
WOW Hits 2010 is a two-disc compilation album composed of some of the biggest hits on Christian radio in 2009. Disc one features more adult contemporary hits, while disc two features the CHR–pop and rock hits. The album charted at number one on the Hot Christian Albums chart and number 33 on the Billboard 200.
The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on February 17, 2010, and Platinum on April 9, 2014. It has sold 338,000 copies in the US as of April 2010.
Track listing
Sales figures
The album has sold 338,000 copies as of April 2010.
Charts
See also
WOW Series
References
External links
WOW Hits official website
WOW series albums
2009 compilation albums
2010
The Marchers () is a 2013 French comedy-drama film by Nabil Ben Yadir. It is loosely based on the events surrounding the 1983 March for Equality and Against Racism.
The film's release in November 2013 coincided with the 30th anniversary of the march.
Plot
In 1983 France, teenaged Mohamed is shot by a police officer, but survives. Rejecting their friends' proposal of violent retribution, they propose political action inspired by Martin Luther King Jr. and Mahatma Gandhi. With two friends, and support from Dubois, the priest of Minguettes, they embark on a non-violent March for Equality and Against Racism from Marseille to Paris.
Cast
Tewfik Jallab as Mohamed
Vincent Rottiers as Sylvain
M'Barek Belkouk as Farid
Nader Boussandel as Yazid
Lubna Azabal as Kheira
Hafsia Herzi as Monia
Olivier Gourmet as Dubois
Charlotte Le Bon as Claire
Philippe Nahon as René Ledu
Jamel Debbouze as Hassan
Malik Zidi as Philippe, the RG
Simon Abkarian as Farid's father
Corinne Masiero as Dominique
Rufus as François, pastor
Benjamin Lavernhe as Thomas
Kévin Azaïs as Rémi
Françoise Miquelis as Georgina Dufoix
Finnegan Oldfield as Radio Host
Comparison to historical events
Answering a question about taking "liberties with the narration when telling a true story", director and co-writer Ben Yadir said: "You focus on the great History: the towns, the march of the torches, the return to Lyon, the , all these images that pull you back to reality... But at the start in Marseilles, there was a group of 32, and we obviously could not make a movie with 32 characters. We thus created 10 characters around which we built short stories."
Release
The Marchers had theatrical showings in North America as part of the Rendez-vous with French Cinema series 2014 program.
Reception
Boyd van Hoeij of The Hollywood Reporter said "[t]he film's message of equality is loud and sincere but Yadir, here directing their second feature, struggles to maintain a workable entente between the downbeat story [...] with misplaced-feeling broad humor."
Peter Debruge of Variety called it "uplifting story of racial tolerance [which] should travel well."
Le Parisien gave it a positive review.
Accolades
References
External links
La marche at Allocine
(with English subtitles)
2013 films
2010s political comedy-drama films
French comedy-drama films
2010s French-language films
2010s Arabic-language films
Films about racism
Drama films based on actual events
Political films based on actual events
Films set in Paris
Films set in France
Films set in the 1980s
Films shot in France
Anti-racism in France
Films about activists
Films scored by Stephen Warbeck
2013 comedy films
2013 drama films
2013 multilingual films
French multilingual films
Belgian multilingual films
2010s French films
WRC 9, also known as WRC 9 FIA World Rally Championship, is the official racing video game of the 2020 World Rally Championship. The game is developed by French developer Kylotonn and published by Nacon. It is available for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S, released on 3 September 2020.
Development and release
In March 2019, WRC 9 was revealed as the official game of the 2020 FIA World Rally Championship alongside WRC 10. It features 14 different locations (reflecting the 2020 season as it was originally intended to be run before the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in many events being rescheduled or cancelled and new rallies added to the calendar), including all three returning rallies, Safari Rally, Rally New Zealand and Rally Japan, with up to fifty official crews from WRC, WRC-2, WRC-3 and J-WRC available for the player to choose. The game also features fifteen more landmark vehicles from the WRC history.
The game was released on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on 3 September 2020 via Epic Games Store, and later on Nintendo Switch, with a further release date on the ninth generation of video game consoles PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S to be announced.
Reception
Reception for WRC 9 was generally favourable among critics. While troubled by smaller issues, improvements with car handling were noted in many outlets. Among critics, the game was scored at 80% by Push Square. Pixel Bandits rated the title at 4/4, noting the fresh challenge provided to long-time fans of the series.
References
External links
2020 video games
Esports games
Kylotonn games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Multiplayer online games
Nacon games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 5 games
Split-screen multiplayer games
Video games developed in France
Video games set in 2020
Video games set in Argentina
Video games set in Australia
Video games set in Finland
Video games set in Germany
Video games set in Italy
Video games set in Japan
Video games set in Kenya
Video games set in Mexico
Video games set in Monaco
Video games set in New Zealand
Video games set in Portugal
Video games set in Sweden
Video games set in Turkey
Video games set in Wales
Windows games
World Rally Championship video games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
Vox in excelso is the name of a bull issued by Pope Clement V in 1312. The directives given within the bull were to formally dissolve the Order of the Knights Templar, effectively removing papal support for them and revoking the mandates given to them by previous popes in the 12th and 13th centuries.
The issue of this bull followed a five-year period of suppression and trials of the Templars during which time they were accused of a variety of blasphemous and heretical crimes. However, the confessions were extracted with the use of torture and other methods developed by the Inquisition.
Other bulls involving Templars include Pastoralis Praeeminentiae and Ad providam.
See also
List of papal bulls
References
Knights Templar
1312 works
14th-century papal bulls
Documents of Pope Clement V
Victor Henry Rumsey (November 22, 1919 – March 11, 2015) was an electrical engineer, best known for their studies of frequency-independent antennas.
Rumsey was born in Devizes, Wiltshire, England, on Saint Cecilia's day, and received their BA in mathematics (1941) and Sc.D. in physics from Cambridge University. From 1941–1945 they performed radar research at the Telecommunications Research Establishment in England and the Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC. After three years at the Canadian Atomic Research Laboratory they became director of the Antenna Laboratory at Ohio State University. In 1954 they moved to the University of Illinois, in 1957 to the University of California, Berkeley, and in 1966 to the University of California, San Diego where they were a Professor and later, Professor Emeritus.
Starting in the 1950s, Rumsey suggested the basic principles for frequency-independent antennas which culminated in the writing of a book on the topic (see selected works below).
Rumsey is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, and has received an honorary Doctor of Engineering degree from Tohoku University, Japan, the 1962 IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award, and the 2004 John Kraus Antenna Award.
Selected works
"Frequency-Independent Antennas", IRE National Convention Record, vol. 5, part 1, 1957, pages 114-118.
Frequency Independent Antennas, New York: Academic Press, Inc., 1966.
References
IEEE Transactions on Antennas and Propagation, vol. 52, no. 12, December 2004, page 3168
National Academy of Engineering entry
1919 births
2015 deaths
American electrical engineers
University of California, San Diego faculty
University of California, Berkeley faculty
Ohio State University faculty
People from Devizes
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Engineers from California
Electrical engineering academics
Microwave engineers
English emigrants to the United States
Jean Evelyn Nidetch (née Slutsky, October 12, 1923 – April 29, 2015) was an American business entrepreneur who was the founder of the Weight Watchers organization.
Early life
Jean Nidetch was born on October 12, 1923 in the New York City borough of Brooklyn to their parents, David and Mae Slutsky. Hailing from a working class family, Jean's parents worked as a cab driver and a manicurist. Graduating from the Girls High School in Bedford, Jean's academic talents led them to a scholarship offer from Long Island University. They chose, instead, to attend the City College of New York, where they majored in business administration.
Career
Jean's career began when they dropped out of school after their father died in 1942. Providing for their family, Jean began working at Mullin Furniture Company, where they earned a mere total of 10 dollars a week ($177 in 2022 dollars). They then worked a quick stint at Man O'War Publishing Company, where they produced sheets for horse players. This job ended when Fiorello La Guardia's campaign for Mayor of New York City focused on ending horse racing, which was detrimental to the industry. Jean later found work at the Internal Revenue Service.
After meeting Marty Nidetch at the Internal Revenue Service, the two married on April 20, 1947. After a few months of marriage, the young couple moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma, so Marty could take a job as a credit manager. Marty was then promoted to a manager at a store in Warren, Pennsylvania, which led to the couple's second move in less than a year.
In February 1952, the family moved back to New York, where Marty got a job as a bus driver. Jean stayed home with their ever-growing family. Although Jean decided to stay home as a mother and homemaker, they were involved with many charities in the area, which helped them develop some of the skills they used later to make Weight Watchers a global brand.
Jean had struggled with their weight all their life, being an overweight child and young woman. Them struggles led them to the New York City Department of Health Obesity Clinic, where they were told they would need to start a strict diet. Frustrated with their progress and uncommitted to the plan given to her, they chose not to go back to the clinic, saying that the women who ran the clinic had never been overweight in their lives and did not understand the struggle.
Instead, they chose to invite six overweight women over to their house, where they could meet weekly to talk about their struggles and discuss diet tricks and tips. They did establish one rule, which was that women should consult with their doctors before entering their support group, which is a rule that Weight Watchers continues to follow to this day. This support group was the beginning of what was soon to be Weight Watchers, as Jean incorporated their group in 1963.
Word of mouth grew the brand, and what was once a small support group turned into hundreds of women seeking Jean for advice, who eventually lost 70 pounds on their diet. To cover costs, they charged 25 cents for their clientele to gain access to their plan.
In 1973, the 10th anniversary of Weight Watchers, Jean decided to step down from the company. In 1978, the company was sold to J.D. Heinz for 24 dollars per share, or 71.2 million dollars. Jean received around 7 million dollars for their shares of the company, and signed a noncompete clause that they would never start another weight-loss company. They became the face of the company and continued to be a consultant for the company.
Death
They died on April 29, 2015, of natural causes at their home in Parkland, Florida at the age of 91.
References
External links
Weight Watchers Founder Jean Nidetch
Jean Nidetch on PBS.org
1923 births
2015 deaths
American company founders
20th-century American Jews
City College of New York alumni
Diet food advocates
People from Brooklyn
Anti-obesity activists
People from Parkland, Florida
American health activists
Girls' High School alumni
21st-century American Jews
The following artists (musicians or bands) have had releases with Virgin Records.
#
Thirty Seconds to Mars (Immortal/Virgin)
The 69 Eyes
311
52nd Street
A
Aaliyah (Blackground/Virgin)
Paula Abdul
Albin Lee Meldau
Adelitas Way
A Perfect Circle
After 7
Aftershock
Air (French Band)
Alice in Chains
Alien
Brooke Allison
Marc Almond
The Almost (Tooth and Nail)
Altan
Althea and Donna
Amaral
Amen
American Music Club
AM Taxi
Amorphis
Carleen Anderson
And One
Animal Logic
Antique
Tasmin Archer
The Ark
Atomic Kitten
The Avant Gardener
Kevin Ayers
Avicii
Ayushita Nugraha (Virgin Jogjakarta)
B
Joan Baez
Balaam and the Angel
Bandolero
Tony Banks (outside US/Canada)
Bastille
BBB (Virgin/Mercury Jogjakarta)
Victoria Beckham
David Bedford
Beenie Man
The Big Dish
Benjamin Biolay
Thom Bishop
Black Rebel Motorcycle Club
Peter Blegvad
Blind Guardian
Blossoms
Blue
Blue Man Group
The Blue Nile (Linn/Virgin)
Blur (US only)
Body Count
Boxer
David Bowie (US only)
Boy George (More Protein/Virgin)
Breathe
Brother Cane
Melanie Brown
Bruce Boniface
Bubba Sparxxx
Emma Bunton
C
Cabaret Voltaire
Camper Van Beethoven
Can
Captain Beefheart
Melanie C
Chris Cagle (Virgin Nashville)
Mariah Carey (Former)
Belinda Carlisle (outside US & Canada until 1991, then worldwide in 1993)
Cellophane
The Chemical Brothers
Che'Nelle
Neneh Cherry
China Crisis
Chvrches
Anne Clark
Gilby Clarke
College Boyz
Phil Collins (UK and Ireland)
Comateens
The Constellations
Nikka Costa
Sagarika Mukherjee Da Costa
Kevin Coyne
Cracker
The Cult
Culture Club
Curve
Ivor Cutler
Cutting Crew
Holger Czukay
Mark Curry
D
Dave Gahan (US only)
Deaf Pedestrians
Déjà
Deutsch Amerikanische Freundschaft
Daft Punk (Former)
Étienne Daho
Roger Daltrey (10/Virgin) (outside US/Canada)
Danny Wilson
Clay Davidson (Virgin Nashville)
D'Angelo
Deadmau5
Depeche Mode (Mute/Virgin) (US/France)
Devo (UK/Europe only)
Howard Devoto
Divinyls
Thomas Dolby (outside US/Canada)
Does It Offend You, Yeah?
Dreadzone
dc Talk (ForeFront/Virgin)
Hilary Duff (4Ever Hilary only in Italy) (via Hollywood Records)
Stephen Tin Tin Duffy
The Dukes of Stratosphear
Dwele
E
Eden xo (former)
The Edge
Efua
Electronic (outside the US and Canada)
Emily and the Strangers
Endgames
Enigma
Eurythmics* (outside US/Australasia)
Evanescence
Everything but the Girl (except US & Canada)
Every Little Thing (Japan)
The Exies
Ella Eyre
Emeli Sandé (outside US)
Ez Mil
F
Ricky Fanté
Perry Farrell
Fat Joe
Faust
Bryan Ferry
A Fine Frenzy
Fingerprintz
Fivespeed
Florence + The Machine
Tim Finn
The Flying Lizards
The Flying Pickets
Julia Fordham
Fountains of Wayne
John Foxx
Fra Lippo Lippi
Peter Frampton
Frazier Chorus
G
Peter Gabriel (outside US & Canada)
Gang Starr
General Public
Genesis (outside US & Canada)
Max A. George
The Geraldine Fibbers
Gillan
Ian Gillan
The Golden Palominos (Germany only)
Goldfrapp
Goldrush
Gong
The Good, the Bad & the Queen
Gorillaz (US only)
Gorki
Gravity Kills (Europe & Japan only)
Loren Gray
Great and Lady Soul
Green River Ordinance
Grizfolk
David Guetta
Guru
H
Steve Hackett (outside US)
Geri Halliwell
Françoise Hardy
Ben Harper
Lalah Hathaway
Hawkwind (Charisma; UK only)
Heaven 17
Håkan Hellström
Henry Cow
Lauran Hibberd
Steve Hillage
Holly and the Italians
Robert Holmes
The Human League
HRVY
I
Iggy Pop
James Iha
Ima Robot
Immature
Inner City
Interview
Mark Isham
It Bites
J
Janet Jackson
The Japanese Popstars
Joe Jackson
Japan
Jamie Scott
Jamie T
JBO
Jesus Loves You
Jin
Johnny Hates Jazz
Juliet
K
Kavana
Kavinsky
Kelis
Jerry Kilgore (Virgin Nashville)
Killing Joke
King Crimson
King Swamp
Frankie Knuckles
The Kooks
Korn
k-os
Lenny Kravitz
L
Shona Laing
The Last Goodnight
Latin Alliance
Ava Leigh
Julian Lennon (except US & Canada)
LCD Soundsystem
Les Rita Mitsouko
Le Toya
Lewis Capaldi
Lil' Eazy-E
Linton Kwesi Johnson
Courtney Love
Loudhouse
Cheryl Lynn
Loren Gray
Loose Ends
M
Kirsty MacColl
Rita MacNeil (Virgin Canada)
Madness (outside the US & Canada)
Madrugada
Magazine
Cheb Mami
Manfred Mann's Earth Band
Mano Negra
Manowar
Lene Marlin
Laura Marling
Zeeteah Massiah
Massive Attack
Matia Bazar
MC Skat Kat
Malcolm McLaren
Martha and the Muffins (Dinidisc/Virgin Canada)
Holle Thee Maxwell
Meat Loaf (outside US & Canada 1992–99; US & Canada 2007–10)
Roy D. Mercer (Virgin Nashville)
Miami Horror
George Michael (outside US & Canada until 1999)
Mick Karn
Mickey 3D
Mighty Diamonds
Mike + The Mechanics (outside the US and Canada)
Microdisney
The Monochrome Set
Gary Moore
Moose (US only)
The Motors
Bob Mould
The Music
My Favorite Highway
N
Jimmy Nail
Nazareth (Mooncrest/Charisma; UK only)
NCT/NCT 127
N*E*R*D
Tom Newman
Newsboys
Now That's What I Call Music! (compilation series)
Michael Nyman
O
Philip Oakey & Giorgio Moroder
Liam O'Connor
Mary Margaret O'Hara
Mike Oldfield
Lisa Ono (1997–2006)
Oomph!
Roy Orbison
Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark
Stacie Orrico
The Other Ones
Outside Edge
P
The Pale Fountains
Palladium
Paris Angels
Hope Partlow
Penetration
Amanda Perez
Anthony Phillips
Sam Phillips
Billie Piper
Placebo
Pekka Pohjola
Porcelain Black
Tristan Prettyman
Pretty Poison
Professor Green
Maxi Priest
Public Image Ltd.
Purple Ribbon All-Stars
Pure Moods (compilation series)
Q
Queen (Virgin EMI) (outside US/Canada)
R
The Railway Children
Rain Tree Crow
Rascalz
RBD
Reamonn
The Records
Axelle Red
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus
Julie Reeves (Virgin Nashville)
Priscilla Renea (Capitol/Virgin joining)
Richard Ashcroft
Keith Richards
Juliet Richardson
Rip Rig + Panic
Rise Against
River Road (Virgin Nashville)
The Rolling Stones
Christy Carlson Romano
Roxx Gang
Roxy Music (E.G./Virgin)
Röyksopp
The Rutles
The Ruts
Ruth Lorenzo (2009–2010)
Robbie Williams (2009–2010)
S
Saosin
Sacred Spirit
Ryuichi Sakamoto
Sandra
Savage Progress
Saving Abel
Boz Scaggs
Scarlett and Black
Jon Secada
September Mourning
The Sex Pistols
Shaan
Shaggy (Former)
Shane Harper
Shapeshifters
Sharissa
Feargal Sharkey
SheSays
SHINee (Japan)
Shonen Knife (North America/France)
Shooting Star
Sick Puppies
Simple Minds
Six
Skunk Anansie
Slapp Happy
The Smashing Pumpkins (Hut [outside North America]/Virgin)
Elliott Smith
Sneaker Pimps
Snow
Something Happens
Soul II Soul
Source Direct
Sparks
Spice Girls
Stacie Orrico
Stardust
The Starting Line
Jermaine Stewart
Joss Stone
The Stone Roses
Syd Straw
Suicidal Tendencies
Swedish House Mafia (former)
Switched
David Sylvian and Robert Fripp
T
The Vamps
The Wallflowers
The Table
Tangerine Dream
Terror Squad (Terror Squad/Imperial/Virgin)
Thalía
That Petrol Emotion
The Thrills
Yann Tiersen
Tin Tin Out
Pete Townshend
T'Pau (Siren/Virgin)
Traffic
Trina
Trypes
KT Tunstall (Relentless/Virgin)
Turbonegro
Tina Turner (US only)
U
UB40 (DEP International/Virgin)
Unbelievable Truth
Underoath (UK)
Hikaru Utada (Japan; 1998–2005)
V
Brooke Valentine
Velcra
The Verve
Angela Via
Vicky Shu (Virgin Jogjakarta)
W
Rick Wakeman (Charisma/Virgin)
Scott Walker
Warrior (band)
Delroy Washington
We Are Scientists
Brandi Wells (UK only)
Wendy & Lisa
Whale
When in Rome
The Who
Wigwam
Steve Winwood
Roger Wootton
Working Week
Link Wray
Robert Wyatt
X
XTC
Xylina Spathia
Y
Yanni
You Am I
You Me At Six
Sydney Youngblood
Yellowman
Z
Warren Zevon
References
Lists of recording artists by label
The Junior women's race at the 1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Amorebieta, Spain, at the Jaureguibarría Course on March 28, 1993. A report on the event was given in The New York Times and in the Herald.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Junior women's race (4.45 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 119 athletes from 32 countries in the Junior women's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(1)
(1)
(5)
(2)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(5)
(1)
(6)
(5)
(5)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(5)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(5)
(1)
(5)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(2)
(2)
(6)
(6)
(1)
See also
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
References
Junior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1993 in women's athletics
1993 in youth sport
John Dixon (1740?–1811) was an Irish mezzotint engraver.
Life
They were born in Dublin about 1740. Their father was Thomas Dixon, a hosier, of Cork Hill. Their brother Samuel Dixon, was a watercolourist and printmaker. John Dixon received their art training in the Dublin Society's schools, of which Robert West was then master, and began life as an engraver of silver plate. They moved to London about 1765, and in the following year became a member of the Incorporated Society of Artists, with whom they exhibited until 1775.
Dixon was, in politics, a follower of John Wilkes, and some of their portraits are of other Wilkites. Their early publisher was William Wynne Ryland. A handsome man, they married in 1775 Ann, the widow of Nicholas Kempe, one of the owners of Ranelagh Gardens. After that they engraved only as recreation. They later moved to Kensington.
Works
Dixon's portraits of William Carmichael after Ennis, and of Nicholas Taaffe, 6th Viscount Taaffe, after Robert Hunter, are thought to have been engraved before they left Ireland. Soon after their arrival in London they became known for their full-length portrait of David Garrick in the character of "Richard III" in the Shakespeare play, after Nathaniel Dance-Holland.
Forty plates by Dixon were described by John Chaloner Smith in British Mezzotinto Portraits. The major engravings are after the works of Sir Joshua Reynolds, and include:
Full-length portraits of Mary, duchess of Ancaster, and Mrs. Blake as "Juno";
William, duke of Leinster;
Henry, tenth earl of Pembroke,
Elizabeth, countess of Pembroke, and their son;
The Misses Crewe,
Charles Townshend, chancellor of the exchequer;
William Robertson, D.D.;
Nelly O'Brien; and
Miss Davidson.
Besides these portraits, Dixon engraved:
A group of David Garrick as "Abel Drugger" in The Alchemist, with William Burton and John Palmer as "Subtle" and "Face", after Zoffany;
A full-length of Garrick alone, from the same picture;
A half-length of Garrick, after Thomas Hudson;
William, Earl of Ancrum, full-length, after Gilpin and Cosway;
Henry Scott, 3rd Duke of Buccleuch, and Joshua Kirby, after Thomas Gainsborough;
Rev. James Hervey, after J. Williams;
Sir William Browne, M.D., after Hudson;
"Betty", who sold fruit near the Royal Exchange, after Peter Falconet; and
William Beckford, both full-length and three-quarter reversed, after a drawing by himself.
Others works were:
"The Frame Maker", after Rembrandt;
"The Flute Player", after Frans Hals; and
"The Arrest" and "The Oracle", after their own designs.
Notes
Attribution
1740 births
1811 deaths
Irish engravers
The Harpellaceae are a family of fungi in the Harpellales order. The family contains 5 genera and 40 species.
References
External links
Zygomycota
The Bell Witch is a folk legend from the American south.
Bell Witch may also refer to:
Film
Bell Witch: The Movie, a 2007 horror film
The Bell Witch Haunting, a 2013 horror film
Music
Bell Witch (band), an American doom metal band from Seattle, Washington,
The Bell Witch (EP), by Mercyful Fate
The 1892 Marquette Blue and Gold football team was an American football team that represented Marquette University as an independent during the 1892 college football season. In Marquette's first season of American football, the University compiled a 1–2 record, with two losses against nearby Milwaukee High School and a win over Loyola of Chicago.
Schedule
References
Marquette
Marquette Golden Avalanche football seasons
Marquette Blue and Gold football
Aelurognathus is an extinct genus of gorgonopsian therapsids from the Permian of South Africa.
Discovery
The type species is Aelurognathus tigriceps, originally named Scymnognathus tigriceps by South African paleontologists Robert Broom and Sydney H. Haughton in 1913, and later assigned to the new genus Aelurognathus by Haughton in 1924.
Scymnognathus parringtoni von Huene, 1950, previously assigned to Aelurognathus, is now classified as a species of Sauroctonus. Aelurognathus nyasaensis Haughton, 1926 is not referable to the genus.
Palaeobiology
A broken tooth beside the skeleton of a dicynodont from the Tropidostoma Assemblage Zone has been attributed to Aelurognathus, indicating that it scavenged. The bones of the back of the skeleton are the most scattered, suggesting that the Aelurognathus individuals fed on the rear of the carcass, removing the hind limbs to reach the soft underside. The small incisor teeth of Aelurognathus indicate that it was not able to crush bone but more likely stripped flesh from its prey like the modern-day wild dog Lycaon pictus. Bite marks on the bones of the skeleton were unlikely to have been made by Aelurognathus and may be an indication that another predator killed the dicynodont.
Classification
Below is a cladogram from the phylogenetic analysis of Gebauer (2007):
References
Gorgonopsia
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Permian synapsids of Africa
Fossil taxa described in 1924
Taxa named by Sidney H. Haughton
Noilly Prat () is a brand of vermouth from France, owned by the Italian company Martini & Rossi, which is a subsidiary of Bacardi. "White" Noilly Prat is the archetype of dry, straw-coloured French vermouth. Noilly Prat now makes Red and Ambre vermouths as well, introduced in the 1960s and 1980s, but they are less widely known. Noilly Prat Dry is 18% alcohol by volume. The Noilly Prat company is based in Marseillan, in the Hérault of southern France. Joseph Noilly, a herbalist, developed the first formula in 1813, 50 years before the now archetypal vermouth, martini.
History
It has long been known that leaving wine in a barrel alters its characteristics. Wine that was transported long distances in barrels and exposed to the weather became darker in colour and fuller-flavoured. It was to mimic this natural process that Joseph Noilly, in 1813, designed a process that made France's first vermouth. In 1855, their son Louis Noilly and son-in-law Claudius Prat set up the company that became Noilly Prat, moving the business to Marseillan where it remains to this day. The brand was acquired by its Italian competitor Martini & Rossi in 1971, which was merged into the Bacardi-Martini family of brands in 1992.
Manufacturing process
The process used today is virtually unchanged since the 1850s. Noilly Prat is made exclusively from white grape varieties grown in the Marseillan area, principally Picpoul de Pinet and Clairette. These produce light, fruity wines which are matured in massive Canadian oak casks inside the original storerooms. The wine stays in these casks for 8 months, maturing and absorbing the flavour of the wood, before being transferred to smaller oak barrels which are taken outside and left for a year. Here they are exposed to the sun, wind, and low winter temperatures, while the wine is slowly changing. The result is a wine that is dry, full-bodied and amber coloured, similar to Madeira or Sherry. During the year outside, 6 to 8% of the volume is lost to evaporation, the "angels' share".
Brought back inside and left to rest for a few months, the wines are then blended together into oak casks. A small quantity of Mistelle (grape juice and alcohol) is added to the wines in order to soften them, along with a dash of fruit essence to accentuate their flavour.
In the oak casks, a process of maceration, supposedly unique to Noilly Prat, takes place over a period of three weeks. A blend of some twenty herbs and spices is added by hand every day. The exact mix of herbs and spices that goes into Noilly Prat is a closely guarded secret, but includes camomile, bitter orange peel, nutmeg, centaury (yellow gentian), coriander, and cloves. After a further six weeks, the finished product is ready for bottling and is shipped in tankers to Beaucaire, Gard, where it is bottled by Martini & Rossi.
Variants
The vast bulk of Noilly Prat wine is the Original French Dry vermouth. It is enjoyed as a chilled aperitif and in martini cocktails. However, three special variants have been made:
Red Noilly Prat is made in the same way, but with the addition of 30 flavourings, which produce the rich red colour. It is not sold in France, except from the Noilly Prat shop in Marseillan, being produced for export, principally to the USA.
Ambre Noilly Prat is available for purchase from the Noilly Prat shop in Marseillan and specialised stores.
(Colourless) Extra Dry Noilly Prat is a less complex wine formulated for the American extra-dry martini cocktail. Extra Dry is only shipped to North America, where it was available from 1979 until 2009. It returned late in 2012. It has supplanted the French Dry, which is now unavailable in much of the United States.
Cocktails
Noilly Prat is often used in cocktails, the most common and well-known of which is probably the martini, consisting of one part Noilly Prat to one or more parts gin or vodka, with a dash of orange bitters, twist of lemon, or olive garnish. Over the years, the American preference for "extra dry" martinis led to the switch from gin to vodka, and to drastically reducing the flavour and quantity of the vermouth employed. However, in 2009, the extra-dry Noilly recipe exported to the USA was replaced by the original dry formula used worldwide. The change in recipe was accompanied by a change in the bottle's design. Some recipes substituted a vermouth from Dolin instead of Noilly Prat for making martinis, which is said to be "every bit as good as, although not by any means identical to, the old Noilly".
The Algonquin cocktail is named for the Algonquin Hotel, which is composed of rye whiskey, Noilly Prat and pineapple juice.
Cooking with Noilly Prat
Noilly Prat is widely used in cooking, and extensively used for sauces, especially to accompany fish. In their BBC TV series French Odyssey, Rick Stein described Noilly Prat as a "true flavour from the Languedoc" and said, "I've done lots of experiments with white wines for fish sauces and I've come to the conclusion that Noilly Prat is the best. The Provençal herbs and spices used to flavour Noilly Prat seem to add flavour to the reduction."
Visits
The Noilly Prat cellars are open to the public from March to November, for a small charge. Tours explain the production process, and end with a tasting of the vermouths and cocktails made with them. Noilly Prat attracts more than 80,000 tourists every year.
Gallery
References
External links
Further reading
Green Guide: Languedoc, Roussillon, Tarn Gorges Michelin & Cie (1998), p 337
Bacardi
Vermouth
French wine
Products introduced in 1813
Food and drink companies established in 1855
1971 mergers and acquisitions
French companies established in 1855
Brady Toops is the first studio album by Brady Toops. Underspoken Records released the album on August 27, 2013.
Critical reception
Awarding the album four stars from New Release Today, Kevin Davis states, "This is a very emotional album and if you're not familiar with Brady's passionate vocal style, this album is hook-filled with catchy melodies wrapped around very introspective, worshipful and emotional lyrics." James Yelland, rating the album a nine out of ten for Cross Rhythms, writes, "With a vintage yet contemporary sound, this album feels awash with the sound of their Nashville base ... A fine album." Giving the album four stars at Indie Vision Music, Sara Walz describes, "Brady Toops is a collection of songs that will calm the heart and pierce the soul."
Track listing
References
2013 debut albums
Rogier Michael von Bergen (ca. 1553 probably in Bergen-op-Zoom – after middle 1623 in Dresden) was a Franco-Flemish composer, singer and Kapellmeister of the late Renaissance.
Life and work
Michael came to Vienna as a child with their father Simon Michael († after 1566); their father was "probably the best mechanic and musician" during the reign of Emperor Ferdinand I (1556-1564) and was listed as a singer in the list of court chapels under Emperor Maximilian II from 1564 to 1566. Rogier presumably lived through a time as a choirboy in Vienna and in 1564 they joined the court chapel of Archduke Charles II in Graz as a choirboy. At first Johannes de Cleve, later Annibale Padovano was in charge of this chapel. The latter advised them to further studies with Andrea Gabrieli in Venice, which they did from 1569 to 1572. After their return to Germany, they accepted the position of a tenor singer in Ansbach at the court chapel of George Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach in 1572, where they remained until 1574.
On the recommendation of Emilie of Saxony, the sister of Elector August of Saxony, Michael took up a position as singer and musician at the Dresden court orchestra on 1 February 1575. The Elector listened to them himself, and the old Kapellmeister Antonio Scandello also tested their skills. The composer married in Dresden in 1578, and in the following years the seven sons Rogier, Tobias, Simon, Samuel, Christian, Georg and Daniel were born; four of these later also became composers. In the 1580 list of "Cantorey" they are listed as contralto with an annual salary of 144 gulden. As successor of Antonio Scandello, Giovanni Battista Pinello di Ghirardi (1544-1587) and Georg Forster, Michael reached the position of court bandmaster of the Elector of Saxony under the regency of Christian I, Elector of Saxony on 12 December 1587, and their sons Tobias, Simon and Samuel took part in Dresden as Choir boy. Rogier themselves was also able to sing countertenor, and their voice was described by in their writing Erotematum musicae (1591) as quite high and very noble. In 1611 Michael married for the second time, namely Sarah Petermann, the daughter of the Dresden Kapellknabeninspektor .
When John Georg I of Saxony took office in 1611, the court orchestra was at first largely dismissed and then gradually rebuilt from 1612 onwards. It seems that Michael was no longer taken into account in this rebuilding. When Elector Johann Georg travelled to Frankfurt with their entourage in 1612 for the election and coronation of Emperor Matthias, their name was not on the list of fellow travellers. Apparently Michael had been largely relieved of their position as Kapellmeister from 1612 onwards, with a full annual salary of 300 gulden. They were replaced several times by Michael Praetorius (1613 and 1614/15), and in 1615 Heinrich Schütz succeeded him. Rogier, however, continued to be active at the Saxon court. Their salary was temporarily supplemented by funds to support the choir boys who lived with him. There is also evidence of the quarterly payment of 75 gulden on Trinity Sunday 1621. When Sarah, the composer's second wife, had died and was buried in January 1623, the sermon did not mention Michael's death, and the author Burckhard Grossmann mentioned them in the preface to their publication "Angst der Hellen" (Fear of the Light Ones), published in 1623, as one of the living. In March 1624, however, they were no longer listed as a member of the chapel. From this the music-historical researchers conclude that the composer died after mid-1623.
Importance
In view of their many years of activity as a musician at the Dresden court (1575-1612), their complete musical oeuvre is not very extensive. In contrast to their predecessors Scandello and Pinello, known as composers, they cultivated the polyphonic stile antico in sacred music as well as the new Italian madrigal style, which was articulated in short quarter and eighth notes. This style was then largely adopted by their students. With their two surviving historical compositions for Immaculate Conception and Christmas, Michael deliberately took up the Passion of Jesus and the resurrection history of Antonio Scandello. Two other passions of their (after Matthew and Luke?) are missing. In these historical works, the literal speech of the acting individuals is set to music either unanimously or in several voices, depending on its significance, while the frame and other inner movements are set to music in several voices. In this way, the historical compositions of Rogier Michael form an important link between the corresponding works of Antonio Scandello and Heinrich Schütz. In an inventory of the Dresden Court Church from 1666, a "Handbuchlein von der Begnis, gebuhrt, Leiden und Auferstehung Jesu Christi in schwarzes Leder gebunden" is listed, which could have served Scandello, Michael as well as Schütz as a text template for their historical works. The 53 hymns in the second part of the Dresden hymn book of 1593 are based on simple, homophonies wisely written. In Michael's Introit of 1603, only the antiphon are in five voices on motet tables The antiphon is set to music in a wise manner, while the accompanying psalm texts appear in four parts in the simple Fauxbourdon movement, after which the antiphon is repeated.
From 1599 to 1603 the composer's pupils were the later Leipzig Thomaskantor Johann Hermann Schein and Michael's son Tobias Michael (1592-1657), Leipzig Thomaskantor from 1631 to 1657; among their pupils were also their sons Christian, Daniel and Samuel Michael as well as the later Freiberger Superintendent .
Work
Sacred works
Der Gebreuchlichsten und vornembsten Gesenge D. Mart. Luth., Dresden 1593
Visita quaesumus Domine for eight voices, 1596
Te Deum: Herr Gott, dich loben wir for six voices, 1595
2 Passionen, before 1601, lost
teutsche Mess, before 1601, lost
Die Empfängnis and Die Geburt unsers Herren Jesu Christi from one to six voices, 1602
Hochzeitsmusik Drey schöne Stück for six voices, Dresden 1602
Introitus dominicorum dierum ac praecipuorum festorum for five voices, Leipzig 1603
Hochzeitsgesang Purpureum ver flores protulit for twelve voices, 1604
Hochzeitsgesang Freue dich des Weibes deiner Jugend for eight voices, Leipzig 1604
Hochzeitsmusik Illustri Rutae nobile ramum for eight voices, Leipzig 1607
Ich freue mich des, das mir geredt ist fot six voices (without year)
Speculum voluntatis Dei for six voices (without year)
Hochzeitsgesang zu sechs Stimmen, Dresden 1611, lost
Psalm 116 Das ist mir lieb for five voices, in Burckhard Grossmann's Angst der Hellen, Jena 1623
Secular works
Fiamma d'amor for five voices in the anthology Di Alessandro Orologio il secondo libro de madrigali, Dresden 1589
Qualis uvidulis brasilica jugera, Gratulationsgedicht an Johann Georg I. zur Taufe des Kurprinzen Johann Georg II., Dresden 1613
Further reading
O. Kade: Rogier Michael, ein deutscher Tonsetzer des 16. Jahrhunderts. In Monatshefte für Musikgeschichte Nr. 2, 1870, .
Reinhard Kade: Der Dresdener Kapellmeister Rogier Michael, ca. 1550–1619. In Vierteljahresschrift für Musikwissenschaft, No. 4, Leipzig 1889, ().
Joh. Frank: Die Introitus-Kompositionen von Rogier Michael. on WorldCat</ref> Dissertation an der Universität Gießen, 1937.
Helmut Federhofer: Jugendjahre und Lehrer Rogier Michaels. In Archiv für Musikwissenschaft, No. 10, 1953, .
Alfred Baumgartner: Propyläen Welt der Musik – Die Komponisten – Ein Lexikon in fünf Bänden. Volume 4. Propyläen, Berlin 1989, , .
M. Heinemann: Schütz' Historienkonzeptionen: zum Projekt einer ›Empfängnishistorie‹ nach Rogier Michael. In Musik und Kirche, No. 64, 1994, .
Wolfram Steude: Die Dresdner Hofkapelle zwischen Antonio Scandello und Heinrich Schütz (1580–1615). In Hans-Günter Ottenberg, Eberhard Steindorf (ed.): Der Klang der Sächsischen Staatskapelle Dresden. Olms, Hildesheim among others. 2001, , .
References
External links
Lebenslauf von Rogier Michael auf der Website des Heinrich-Schütz-Hauses
Renaissance composers
17th-century Franco-Flemish composers
Sacred music composers
Belgian Baroque composers
1500s births
1623 deaths
Walton is a village and civil parish in the far north of Cumbria, England. It is located from Carlisle and is about north of Brampton, on the north bank of the River Irthing. Nearby villages include Newtown, Banks and Lanercost.
Description
Walton remains an unspoiled part of England and has a historic background as the course of Hadrian's Wall skirts the village to its south. In the past, Walton comprised two separate townships; Low Walton and High Walton. However Low Walton and High Walton have now combined to create a single area.
William Ford mentions Walton in their writing when travelling around the Lake District. They write "the village of Walton, on the line of the wall, as its name denominates..." It is now believed that the name Walton comes from the settlement/farmstead of Wealas – native Celts described by the Anglo-Saxon speaking peoples. There is strong evidence that in many areas of England taken over by Germanic speaking settlers, the native British (Wealas) remained undisturbed, farming the same land they did when the Romans left.
Historical Maps
Many historical maps exist, which have been produced by various different Cartographers which show Walton. The majority of these maps refer to Walton as "Waleton." These historical maps include;
Morden's Map – produced by Robert Morden in 1695.
Jansson's Map – made in 1646 by John Jansson, who was from the Netherlands.
Saxton's map – dates back to 1576 and was produced by Christopher Saxton and was engraved by Augustine Ryther.
The Community
According to the Census, in 2001 278 people lived in Walton. 140 of these were male and 138 female. The average age of the village's residents in 2001 was 43.61, with the majority of residents aged between 45–64 years old. As the village is surrounded by countryside, the main occupation for the majority of the community has always been focused on agriculture. For example, in 1881, agriculture was by far the largest industry, with 483 men worked in the agriculture sector.
The Village
Walton has a church and a village hall. The village hall was used as a school, in the National Gazetteer in 1868 it says that the village hall was also used for a Sunday school. However, in the present day, the village hall is no longer used as a school and its main purpose is to provide the village with a post office. The closest school to Walton is William Howard School in Brampton, 2 miles away from the parish. The village has no shops, the nearest shop for residents in Walton to use is in Brampton, which is 2 and a half miles from the village. The residents of Walton depend greatly on Brampton for their health. The nearest doctors surgery and dentist are both in Brampton. There used to be a pub named "The Centurion" in Walton, however it is now closed.
The area of Walton rapidly increased between 1851 and 1911. In 1851, the area was 9,642 acres, whereas in 1911, the area had expanded to 48,576 acres.
St Mary's Church
The church in Walton is St Mary's Church. It is an active Anglican Parish Church. The church was built in 1869 on the site of a medieval church, it is believed to have cost at least £2000. The church was designed in a Gothic style by the architects Paley and Austin who were based in Lancaster, Lancashire. In 1901, the church consists of a chancel, nave, north aisle, a tower and a porch. Within the s church, there are brass plaques set into the floor, commemorating the Johnson family, who occupied Castlesteads mansion. The plaques date from 1821 to 1865.
Castlesteads Mansion
Castlesteads Mansion is one of the most important buildings in Walton. It is listed as a grade II building. It was built at the end of the 18th century by the Johnson family. It is believed that the estate was previously owned by the Dacre family who built "Walton House" using bricks from the nearby Hadrian's Wall. The Johnson family purchased the estate in 1789 and replaced "Walton House" with a larger mansion, known as Castlesteads. It is located on an old Roman fort called the Cambeck fort of Camden. The mansion is south east of Walton and is surrounded by of woods, it also looks over the River Irthing. In 1839, William Ford described Castlesteads in their journal as being "an elegant and modern residence." At the time of this description Castlesteads was known as "Walton House" and was occupied by William Johnson. Ford also states that many "Roman remains" were dug up and are preserved at Castelesteads.
Hadrian's Wall
One of the main features which draws people to the village is its historical past. The parish stands on the route of Hadrian's Wall. The remains of the Roman wall can still be seen near Walton today, and it is thought that the village is situated at the site of one of the milecastles of Hadrian's Wall, Milecastle 56. It is said that many of the old cottages and buildings are made from the stones taken from the Roman wall. A National Trail named Hadrian's Wall Path was opened in May 2003 in Walton. However, the section of Hadrian's wall closest to Walton has been covered to protect it. The public can view an exposed section of the wall near the hamlet of Banks, about 5 miles east of Walton.
In the 19th Century, James Steele of Walton wrote a poem regarding Walton and the presence of Hadrian's Wall. James Steele was a blind poet, as well as a social reformer, teacher and a musician. An abstract of their poem includes; "Walton on the Roman Wall, the fairest village of them all, rivers three around thee flow, the clearest streams man may know."
Transport
The closest airport to Walton is Carlisle Airport, which is situated 3.4 miles away from the village. To travel to or from Walton via train, Carlisle Railway Station is the closest train station, which is 9.2 miles away from the parish. The nearest main bus station is situated 9.1 miles away in Carlisle also.
See also
Listed buildings in Walton, Cumbria
References
External links
Cumbria County History Trust: Walton, High and Low (nb: provisional research only – see Talk page)
Walton in 'The Cumbria Directory'
Villages in Cumbria
City of Carlisle
Civil parishes in Cumbria
Chen Jingrong (; 2 September 1917 – 8 November 1989) was a Chinese poet and translator.
Biography
Born in Leshan, Sichuan, they started publishing their first poetry in 1937. In 1938 they joined the All-China Anti-Japanese Association of Writers and Artists in Chengdu. During the war with Japan, they were part of the National Literary League of Resisting the Enemies. They moved to Lanzhou, Chongqing and then Shanghai. It was there when they became closely associated with the 'Nine leaves' poets.
In 1949 they entered Huabei University. After 1949, they started focusing on translating foreign poetry and was editor of World Literature. Many books of poems and prose have appeared. They retired in 1973.
Works
Poetry
Translations
References
"Chen Jingrong", Renditions, a Chinese-English Translation Magazine, last accessed June 6, 2007
Chinese women poets
People's Republic of China poets
Republic of China novelists
Writers from Leshan
1917 births
1989 deaths
People's Republic of China translators
20th-century Chinese women writers
20th-century Chinese writers
20th-century Chinese translators
20th-century Chinese novelists
20th-century Chinese poets
Poets from Sichuan
Chinese women novelists
People's Republic of China novelists
Brian Wibberley (7 November 1866 – 3 June 1944) was a Methodist minister who served for over 50 years in Victoria, Western Australia and South Australia.
History
Wibberley was born in Ashbourne, Derbyshire, the youngest son of farmer Brian Wibberley and their wife Ann, née Riley. They were educated in the grammar school of that town.
Their mother died when they were 11 years of age, and having been "born again", began teaching at the Sunday school at age 12.
They were ordained in 1885 and in 1886 preached at Middlesbrough in Yorkshire. That same year they were sent to Victoria, Australia as a Primitive Methodist missionary.
Victoria
Wibberley preached their first sermon in the newly completed Primitive Methodist Church in Paisley Street, Footscray on 3 October 1886.
They were given charge of the Ballarat church in 1887, then Brighton, Victoria, and founded a new church in North Brighton, at the corner of Byron and Male streets in 1892, where the annual assembly of they Methodist connexion of Victoria and Tasmania was held the following year.
Methodist churches have a policy of moving their ministers around — four years being the usual maximum, five under extenuating circumstances.
Their next charge was Maryborough, Victoria in 1895, followed by Melbourne, where they conducted a mission on Lygon Street, Carlton.
South Australia
In 1898 they succeeded the highly respected Revs. Hugh Gilmore and J. Day Thompson at the church on Wellington Square, North Adelaide.
In 1902 they took over the Moonta church, and in 1906 Kent Town Methodist Church. During this time they mentored J. Leslie Glasson (1889–1923), an outstanding student from Kadina who did original work in Cambridge and Launceston, then died in a boating accident.
Western Australia
In 1910 they were transferred to the Wesley Church, Perth.
In 1913 they were appointed first Principal of the Theological College, Perth, coinciding with the union of Methodist churches in that State.
Back to Victoria
After nine years in Perth, Wibberley was assigned to Malvern, Victoria, where they were appointed superintendent of the Malvern Methodist Circuit.
In May 1922, while still stationed in Malvern, they visited their son, a medical doctor in Tumby Bay, South Australia and while passing through Adelaide took the opportunity to revisit their old parishioners in Kent Town.
SA again
In 1924 they returned to Kent Town, in time for the church's Diamond Jubilee for which their contributions were greatly appreciated.
They retired in April 1929, having served the Kent Town Methodist Church for a total of 11 years.
Other interests
In 1895 they enrolled in the faculty of Music at Melbourne University which they carried through to the University of Adelaide, where on 13 December 1911 they were admitted to the Bachelor of Music degree in absentia, being then in Perth.
The Chancellor, Sir Samuel Way, remarked on the fact that their son Brian William Wibberley received their B.Sc. on the same day.
They were a music critic for The West Australian in 1911.
From March 1901 to March 1911 they were editor of the Australian Christian Commonwealth, a magazine devoted to literature and music.
They were authored of several books on religion and music:
Summary: "Includes reference to Aboriginal music from a cultural evolutionary perspective; references the work of Spencer and Gillen, Basedow and E. Harold Davies; Aboriginal music as primitive but not degraded, dehumanised or perverse." (National Library of Australia)
An assessment
Wibberley was praised by the Adelaide satirical magazine Quiz and The Lantern for their plain outspokenness. They had recently given a sermon against British imperialism as it applied to the Boer War, and its support by the Christian churches.
The high priests of Greed and War, of Mammon and Moloch, have joined affinity with the Church. Priests dare babble of a God of Peace, even while their hands are red with guiltless blood . . .
I believe in Greed Almighty, maker of every thing worth having in heaven and earth, and in "Force" its only begotten Son, born of Jingo-patriotism, suffered under Righteousness, was never dead or buried, but, recently rose under the cant of Imperialism and descended to Parliament, Press and Pulpit, whence it sits to judge the world.
Quiz concluded "Quiz expected this sort of thing to come from a parson—after it had come from everybody else. It is not like the clerical profession to preach the truth—on the questions of the day they may assert abstract truths, or what they conceive to be such, but seldom do they grapple with the real issues which daily effect the destiny of the world.
There are now two parsons in this community who have dared to expose the injustice of this unholy struggle—Joe Berry and Brian Wibberley. Quiz would like to have a drink with them on the strength of it, but they fear they are sad teetotalers."
Family
Wibberley married Maria Ann Hunt ( – 15 December 1935) of Ballarat on 2 April 1890.
Their children were:
William Brian Wibberley, MD, of Tumby Bay married Rebecca Margery Godlee in 1920
Annie W. Wibberley married Victor T. Mankey of Sydney in Melbourne on 6 April 1916
They had a home at First avenue, St. Peters.
They died after a few weeks' illness. Their remains were buried in Payneham Cemetery with those of theirs wife.
Notes and references
Australian Methodist ministers
Australian magazine editors
1866 births
1944 deaths
The sociable weaver (Philetairus socius) is a species of bird in the weaver family that is endemic to southern Africa. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Philetairus. It is found in South Africa, Namibia, and Botswana. but their range is centered within the Northern Cape Province of South Africa. They build large compound community nests, a rarity among birds. These nests are perhaps the most spectacular structure built by any bird.
Taxonomy and systematics
The sociable weaver was first described by ornithologist John Latham in 1790. Alternative names include the common social weaver, common social-weaver, and social weaver. Formerly, four sub-species were recognised but the species is now considered monotypic. The sociable weaver is the only extant species in the genus Philetairus.
Phylogeny
Based on a 2017 DNA-analysis, Philetairus socius belongs to the group of sparrow weavers (subfamily Plocepasserinae) and is most related to the genus Pseudonigrita. These two genera are the sister group of the genus Plocepasser. The most basic genus of the subfamily is Sporopipes. Provided that genera are correct clades, the following tree expresses current insights.
Description
Measuring around in length, the sociable weaver has a black chin, black barred flanks and a scalloped back. They weigh , and sexes are indistinguishable.
Distribution and habitat
The species ranges across northwestern South Africa, southwest Botswana and extending northwards across Namibia. It is strongly associated with the arid savannas characteristic of the southern Kalahari region. The presence of stiff grasses such as Stipagrostis ciliata (syn. Aristida ciliata) – an important nesting material – is an important determinant of its distribution. The taller grasses and the fire-prone nature of the Northern and Central Kalahari regions may be a factor for the absence of the bird in those regions. The area is semi-arid with low and unpredictable rainfall occurring mostly in the summer. The population has not been quantified but the birds are described as "common to abundant".
Behaviour and ecology
Breeding
In the southern range of the weaver's habitat, breeding may occur any time of the year and is closely linked to rainfall. In the northern range, discrete breeding season between December to August has been noted. They may skip breeding during years when there is low rainfall and a substantial number (sometimes over half) of birds in the colony may never breed in a given season. Under typical conditions, weavers raise up to four broods per breeding cycle. Sociable weavers are known to assist in the care of younger siblings and unrelated hatchlings and nearly all pairs are assisted by helpers. A mating pair has been recorded as producing nine broods in a single season in response to repeated predation of its young. Unlike northern temperate passerine birds which commence breeding within the first year of life, sociable weavers exhibit delayed onset of breeding, sometimes up to two years of age.
Nesting
Sociable weavers construct permanent nests on trees and other tall objects. These nests are amongst the largest built by any bird, and are large enough to house over a hundred pairs of birds, containing several generations at a time. The nests are highly structured and provide birds with a more advantageous temperature relative to the outside. The central chambers retain heat and are used for nighttime roosting. The outer rooms are used for daytime shade and maintain temperatures of inside while outside temperatures may range from .
The nests consist of separate chambers, each of which is occupied by a pair (sometimes with offspring) roost and breed. Nests are built around large and sturdy structures like acacia trees or sometimes even telephone poles. The trees generally used for nest-building are Acacia erioloba, Boscia albitrunca and Aloidendron dichotomum. The birds at Etosha National Park also use Colophospermum mopane trees for nesting. Large nesting colonies can be active across many generations, sometimes over a hundred years. The nest appears like a large haystack in the tree. If seen from below, entrances into the chambers may be seen, giving a honey-comb appearance. The entrances may be about wide and can be up to long. Sharp sticks may be placed to deter predators from entering.
Sociable weaver nests form a habitat that is occupied by animals of many different taxa. This includes several other bird species, who utilize the nest in different ways, such as for breeding (as with the paradise finch and rosy-faced lovebird), roosting (as with the familiar chat and ashy tit), or as a platform for the nests of larger birds (such as owls, vultures, falcons). Although most birds use sociable weaver nests commensally, cases of predation upon nestlings and animosity with the weavers has been reported of the pygmy falcon in some sites in Kimberley.
Reptile species also use the nests. Snakes, especially Cape cobras and boomslangs are the most common nest predators, often consuming all the eggs in all the chambers of a large nest. Nest predation is often as high - in one study 70% of the clutches laid were depredated. In addition, Trachylepis spilogaster (Kalahari Tree Skink) associate with the nests. Trees with nests appear to host more skinks than trees without nests. Additionally, these skinks have learned to eavesdrop on sociable weaver alarm calls to determine when a pygmy falcon, one of its main predators) is approaching.
Nests built in electricity poles sometimes cause short circuits in the rainy season and can catch fire in the dry season.
There is evidence that cooperation in nest-building is driven by kin selection.
The bird droppings under the nesting colonies of the sociable weaver are used by the scarab beetles.
Food and feeding
The sociable weaver is insectivorous with insects comprising 80% of their diet. As an adaptation to living in the dry Kalahari Desert, where standing water is scarce, the sociable weaver obtains all of its water from a diet of insects. They also feed on seed and other plant products. Foraging is predominantly on the ground, but also on bark and leaves of trees.
Status
Populations of the sociable weaver increased during the 2010s, perhaps due to increased availability of nesting structures such as electricity pylons and other human-made structures. Most of its present distribution is unlikely to see any major human-made alteration and its future in these areas is secure. However, a gap in its distribution in the Northern Cape Province, north of the Ghaap Plateau is probably due to habitat alteration by clearance of Acacia. In other areas, encroachment due to overgrazing may also cause local extinction.
References
External links
Sociable weaver - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Sociable weaver and their nests in Namibian and South Africa
sociable weaver
Birds of Southern Africa
sociable weaver
sociable weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Halloween" (B-side "Saturday Night Holocaust") is the seventh and final single by Dead Kennedys. It was released in December 1982 on Alternative Tentacles. The song is from the band's second album, Plastic Surgery Disasters.
Song Topic
The song is about Halloween (Dead Kennedys formed in San Francisco where Halloween is a large celebration) and questions why people don't celebrate it every day. Halloween says that people are too shy to express themselves that way on a daily basis because of what people might say; as shown in the line "People out on the street, they might glare at you."
Charts
References
Dead Kennedys songs
1982 singles
Halloween songs
1982 songs
Arne Amundsen (7 August 1952 – 6 September 2014) was a Norwegian football goalkeeper who spent the bulk of their career at Lillestrøm SK. They also played for Lyn and Strømmen. They were nicknamed "Maler'n" ("The Painter") because they worked as a housepainter outside football.
Amundsen made their top level debut for Lyn in 1972. They joined Lillestrøm ahead of the 1977 season. At Lillestrøm, Amundsen won the Norwegian First Division (first tier) twice, and played in the Norwegian Cup final six times, winning the competition four times. They left Lillestrøm at the end of the 1987 season after losing their place in the team to Frode Grodås, and joined local rivals Strømmen. They retired after the 1989 season, having played a total of 459 first-team matches (including friendlies) in their career.
References
External links
1952 births
2014 deaths
Norwegian footballers
Lyn Fotball players
Lillestrøm SK players
Strømmen IF players
Association football goalkeepers
Parveen Kumar Bala is a Fijian politician who currently serves as the Minister for Employment, Productivity, Industrial Relations, Youth and Sports. They previously served as Mayor of the Fijian town of Ba, and subsequently as Special Administrator of Lautoka, Fiji.  They are a former president of the Fiji Local Government Association.
Pre-coup
Bala was first elected Mayor of Ba in 1996. They were re-elected unopposed by the town council on 28 October 2005, after leading their National Federation Party (NFP) to a landslide victory in the municipal elections held on 22 October, taking 14 of the 15 seats.
Bala attributed their victory to their policies and personnel. The NFP was, they claimed, the only political party promoting multiracialism and harmony, as evidenced by its multiracial slate of candidates. They accused the Fiji Labour Party of playing "gutter-level politics" in its unsuccessful campaign to oust him.
Bala was also an unsuccessful NFP candidate for the House of Representatives in the 2001 election. They polled 28 percent of the vote in the Ba East Indian Communal Constituency, a marginal improvement on Ram Lajendra's showing in the previous election of 1999. They made another attempt in the 2006 election; their vote dropped marginally, but by considerably less than that of most other NFP candidates in what was a bad year for the party.
On 7 December 2005, the NFP named Bala to a 3-member "negotiating committee", charged with negotiating electoral pacts with other political parties for the parliamentary election due in 2006.
Parveen Bala is the only mayor in Fiji to have served for 12 years continuously.
Post-coup
Following the 2006 coup d'état, Bala was appointed Special Administrator of Lautoka. The new Special Administrator for Ba (a non-elected position roughly analogous to mayor) is Arun Pravad.
They stood as a candidate for the FijiFirst party in the 2014 Fijian general election and was elected with 6,358 votes. They were re-elected in the 2018 Fijian general election with 5,063 votes.
References
Politicians from Lautoka
National Federation Party politicians
Fijian Hindus
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mayors of Ba (town)
FijiFirst politicians
Government ministers of Fiji
Sports ministers of Fiji
Housing ministers of Fiji
Environment ministers of Fiji
Fijian Tamil politicians
ISO 3166-2:IN is the entry for India in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for India, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 28 states and 8 union territories.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code for India. The second part is two letters, currently used in vehicle registration plates with some exceptions.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Notes
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998. ISO stopped issuing newsletters in 2013.
The following changes to the entry are listed on ISO's online catalogue, the Online Browsing Platform:
See also
Subdivisions of India
FIPS region codes of India
References
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: IN
States of India, Statoids.com
2:IN
States and union territories of India-related lists
Standards of India
Lists of subdivisions of India
Rosenfeld is a town in the Zollernalbkreis district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
History
Rosenfeld became a possession of the County, later Duchy, of Württemberg, which made the town the seat of . In 1808, that district was dissolved and Rosenfeld was assigned to . That district, too, was dissolved in 1938 and Rosenfeld was reassigned to of Balingen. Rosenfeld underwent a period of growth after World War II, beginning in the 1950s with new housing to the east of the town, and continuing into the 1980s with more residential, commercial, and industrial areas. Following the , the town was again reassigned to the newly-formed Zollernalb district. Rosenfeld merged with the towns of and on 1 January 1975.
Geography
The township (Stadt) of Rosenfeld is located politically in the Zollernalbkreis district of Baden-Württemberg and physically in the , part of the Swabian Jura. Elevation above sea level varies in the municipal area from a low of Normalnull (NN) to a high of NN.
The Federally-protected and nature reserves are located within the municipal area.
Coat of arms
Rosenfeld's municipal coat of arms displays a five-petaled, white rose with gold seeds and green sepals on a field of red. This pattern, in use by the town of Rosenfeld since 1372, was approved for official use by the Zollernalb district office on 11 May 1976.
Citations
External links
(in German)
Towns in Baden-Württemberg
Paralycaeides is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Paralycaeides inconspicua (Draudt, 1921) Central and South Peru (high Andes)
Paralycaeides shade Bálint, 1993 Central Peru (high Andes)
Paralycaeides vapa (Staudinger, 1894) South Peru, Bolivia, Northeast Chile, Argentina, North Patagonia (high Andes)
References
External links
Images of Paralycaeides at Butterflies of the Americas
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 2007:.
2007
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 2007 at HKcinemamagic.com
2007
Films
Hong Kong
Cubda was an ancient city in Tunisia. It is a titular bishopric of the Roman Catholic Church.
The town was an ancient bishopric, centered in an unknown city, probably of the same name. It was situated in the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis, now northern Tunisia.
History
The church records tell of only 2 known bishops of this diocese.
Thomas, a Catholic Bishop at the Council of Carthage (411), (no Donatists Bishops represented the town).
Gentile at the antimonotelita Council of Carthage (646).
Cubda survives today as a titular bishopric of the Roman Catholic Church, and the current bishop is Efraín Mendoza Cruz, of Mexico, who replaced José María Izuzquiza Herranz in 2011.
References
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Africa (Roman province)
Andrew Deeley is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.  They are the son of former Wolverhampton Wanderers winger and England international, Norman Deeley.
Deeley scored on their full All Whites debut in a 1–1 draw with Australia on 25 October 1986. They played a total of four A-internationals scoring in each of them, including a hat-trick in their final appearance as New Zealand beat Western Samoa 12–0 on 13 November 1987.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
New Zealand people of English descent
Association football forwards
I. orientalis may refer to:
Idastrandia orientalis, a jumping spider species endemic to Singapore
Iris orientalis, an Iris from Turkey and Greece
Synonyms
Iguanodon orientalis, a synonym for Altirhinus, an ornithopod dinosaur species from the Early Cretaceous Period of Mongolia
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Josefina Niggli (1910–1983; birth name was Josephine) was a Mexican-born Anglo-American playwright and novelist. Writing about Mexican-American issues in the middle years of the century, before the rise of the Chicano movement, they were the first and, for a time, the only Mexican American writing in English on Mexican themes; their egalitarian views of gender, race and ethnicity were progressive for their time and helped lay the groundwork for such later Chicana feminists as Gloria Anzaldúa, Ana Castillo and Sandra Cisneros. Niggli is now recognized as "a literary voice from the middle ground between Mexican and Anglo heritage." Critic Elizabeth Coonrod Martinez has written that Niggli should be considered on a par with such widely praised Spanish-language contemporaries as Mariano Azuela, Martín Luis Guzmán and Nellie Campobello.  They are thought to be the only Mexican-American woman to have a theatre named after them
Biography
Niggli was born on July 13, 1910, in Monterrey, Nuevo León, into an expatriated Euro-American family from the U.S. (her father, of Swiss-Alsatian descent, was from Texas, and their mother, who was Irish-French-German, from Virginia). Because of the Mexican Revolution, they were sent out of Mexico in 1913, and spent much of their youth between Monterrey and San Antonio, Texas. As a teenager in San Antonio, and in spite of being an Anglo, they felt that they didn't belong and wished to be back in Monterrey; these feelings formed the basis of their first book of poetry, Mexican Silhouettes, published in 1928 with the help of their father. As a student at Incarnate Word College, Niggli was prompted by their teachers to become a writer, leading to awards from Ladies' Home Journal and the National Catholic College Poetry Award. In 1938 Niggli wrote a collection of five one-act pieces, Mexican Folk Plays, which was published by the University of North Carolina Press. This collection touches on themes Niggli frequently addressed in their writing, ranging from pieces focusing on pre-Columbian Mexico to more contemporary history of Mexico's revolution.
Niggli was hired during World War II by NBC International to write Spanish language messages for Latin American radio. Niggli became active as a writer and producer for San Antonio's KTSA radio station and studied play writing at the San Antonio Little Theatre, eventually joining the Carolina Playmakers at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where they earned their M.A. During this time, they continued to write about Mexican folklore and history, such as their play Soldadera, which depicted women soldiers (soldaderas) in the Mexican Revolution, particularly the tradition of La Adelita. After a brief stint on the faculty at UNC Chapel Hill, they moved to Mexico to work for playwright Rodolfo Usigli at the Universidad Autónoma de Mexico. In 1945, they published a collection of their plays, Mexican Folk Plays, with a preface by Usigli. Usigli, like Niggli, wanted to portray the history and challenges of a modern Mexico and was supportive of their success in America.
That same year, Niggli also published their first novel-in-stories, Mexican Village, about a Mexican-born American (like Niggli, but male) who must confront problems with both American and Mexican cultures when they return to Mexico. They followed this in 1947 with Step Down, Elder Brother, the Spanish translation of which "cemented Niggli's reputation as a giant of Mexican literature within the Latin American literary world." These novels, written in English, were meant to help their U.S. audience better understand both Mexico and the experiences of Mexican Americans; as such, they have been described by such critics as Gloria Anzaldúa as displaying a "border consciousness", a confusion of identity brought on by the process of Americanization.
When Mexican Village was picked up by Hollywood to be made into a movie (Sombrero, starring Ricardo Montalban, Pier Angeli and Cyd Charisse), Niggli moved to Hollywood and became a "stable writer" for Twentieth-Century Fox and MGM studios, working anonymously on such films as Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and The Mark of Zorro. The adaptation of Mexican Village involved quite a change in genre, being turned into a musical.
During the early part of the 1950s Niggli began to work at Dublin's Abbey Theater until they began to teach. Niggli left Hollywood to teach English and drama at Western Carolina University, where they worked from 1956 to 1975, helping to found the Theatre Department; the University now houses a collection of their writings and a theater in their name. In 2009, the University sponsored a yearlong, campus-wide theme in their honor: "Josefina Niggli: A Celebration of Culture, Art, and Life". While in North Carolina, they continued to write not only novels—her final novel, A Miracle for Mexico, was published in 1964—but also radio and television shows, including The Twilight Zone and Have Gun—Will Travel.
Niggli died on 17 December 1983 in Cullowhee, North Carolina. After their death Niggli's work was for the most part forgotten until the 1990s when literary scholars began to reevaluate their work and Chicana/o writers began to acknowledge them as a trailblazer of the Chicana/o literature movement.
Bibliography
Novels
Mexican Village
Step Down, Elder Brother
A Miracle for Mexico
Plays
Cry of Hidalgo
Soldadera
The Ring of General Macias
The Red Velvet Goat
Sunday Costs Five Pesos
Singing Valley
The Fair God
The Cry of Dolores
Azteca
This Is Villa
Tooth or Shave
Sorella
Yes, Nellie
Grapes Are Sometimes Sweet
The Defeat of Grandfather Devil
The Street of The Canon
Poetry
Mexican Silhouettes
Collections
Mexican Village and Other Works (2007: Mexican Village; Step Down, Elder Brother; and five plays)
See also
Chicano literature
References
Sources
Coonrod Martínez, Elizabeth. Josefina Niggli, Mexican-American Writer: A Critical Biography. Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press, 2007.
1910 births
1983 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American women novelists
Mexican people of American descent
Writers from Monterrey
Writers from San Antonio
University of the Incarnate Word alumni
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
American women dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Novelists from Texas
Mexican emigrants to the United States
Milt Raskin (January 27, 1916 – October 16, 1977) was an American swing jazz pianist.
Born in Boston, Mass., Raskin played saxophone as a child before switching to piano at age 11. In the 1930s they attended the New England Conservatory of Music. They worked on local Boston-area radio before moving to New York City, where they played with Wingy Manone in 1937 at the Famous Door and Gene Krupa in 1938-39. They then played with Teddy Powell and Alvino Rey before joining Krupa again for a short time, then joined the orchestra of Tommy Dorsey from 1942 to 1944, replacing Joe Bushkin.
They moved to Los Angeles in 1944, where they occasionally worked in jazz (including on recordings by Artie Shaw, Billie Holiday, and Georgie Auld), but concentrated on work as a studio musician and musical director. Much of their studio work from the 1940s on was uncredited, and they never led their own jazz recording session.
Discography
As leader
Kapu (Forbidden) (Crown, 1959)
As sideman
Count Basie, Compositions of Count Basie and Others (Crown, 1959)
Milt Bernhart, The Sound of Bernhart (Decca, 1958)
Tommy Dorsey, One-Night Stand (Sandy Hook, 1976)
Tommy Dorsey, The Carnegie Hall V-Disc Session April 1944 (Hep, 1990)
Stan Kenton, Artistry in Voices and Brass (Capitol, 1963)
Jack Marshall, 18th Century Jazz (Capitol, 1959)
Skip Martin, 8 Brass, 5 Sax, 4 Rhythm (MGM, 1959)
Les Paul, Feed Back 1944–1945 (Circle, 1986)
As arranger and conductor
Nancy Wilson, Hello Young Lovers (Capitol, 1962)
References
Scott Yanow, [ Milt Raskin] at Allmusic
External links
Inventory of the Milton Raskin Papers, 1934-1985 donated to the UC Berkeley Music Library by Randy Wilkinson
1916 births
1977 deaths
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
20th-century American pianists
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Earle Spencer Orchestra members
Dr Burhan Al-Chalabi (FRSA) (born 1 March 1947) is a British-Iraqi writer and political commentator, and an expert on Middle Eastern relations.  They are also the publisher of the London Magazine, Britain's oldest journal of the arts and literature (est 1732). Al-chalabi is the founder and former chairperson of the British-Iraqi Foundation, and has been described as one of the most prominent Iraqis living in the UK.  They are a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, and a member of the Royal Institute of International Affairs.  They are also a former academic advisor to the United Arab Emirates.
Personal life
Al-Chalabi was born in 1947 in Mosul, Iraq. In 1965 they were awarded a scholarship by the Iraqi Ministry of Oil to study in the UK. They hold a PhD in Thermal Power from Imperial College London. Al-Chalabi is the owner of BMC Properties, a large London-based property company.
Work
Dr Al-Chalabi currently holds the role of publisher for the London Magazine. They purchased the historical publication in 2011, after substantial cuts in its Art Council funding threatened its continuation. As a writer and political commentator, Al-Chalabi produces work in both English and Arabic . They have contributed to some of the UK's most influential media outlets, such as The Guardian, and The New Statesman. They have also contributed to several international news outlets, such as Al-Jazeera.
Al-Chalabi is a member of the Chatham House think tank.  They are also a member of the Conservative Party research group, the Bow Group, and a member of the Foreign and Commonwealth Council. In 1999, Al-Chalabi became a member of the Conservative Party Premier Club (at the invitation of Rt Hon John Major, Rt Hon Dr Brian Mawhinney, Sir Geoffrey Leigh, and John Beckwith). Al-Chalabi is the founder and former chairperson of the British-Iraqi Foundation, and NGO formed with the aim of promoting increasingly close British-Iraqi relations (patrons have included Sir Cyril Townsend, Sir John Moberley, Anthony Harris, and Sabah Al-Mukhtar). They also acted for several years as a named Patron of the Next Century Foundation, and acted as Iraqi Secretariat for the organisation.
References
1947 births
Chatham House people
Living people
The London Magazine people
People from Mosul
Alumni of Imperial College London
Antonio Iturrioz is a Cuban born American classical pianist.  They are a noted performer, documentarian and a piano teacher.
Early life
Antonio was born in Cuba in the town of Havana. Their teachers include their father Pablo Iturrioz, Francisco de Hoyos, Bernardo Segall (who was a pupil of Siloti), Aube Tzerko and Julian White. They have taken many master classes with Andre Watts, Alexis Weissenberg, Byron Janis and Jorge Bolet.
Musical style and discography
Antonio gave their first performance at age 9 and their orchestral debut at age 15. After an injury to their right hand in their early years, they took 3 years to recover when they studied the complete left hand transcriptions and original compositions of Leopold Godowsky. Antonio's first documentary “The Art of the Left Hand: A Brief History of Left Hand Piano Music”, was the result of their many years of studying the left hand piano repertoire and Godowsky was the central figure. In 2010 Antonio created a documentary called "The Buddha of the Piano - Leopold Godowsky" based on their research into the composers life and music. The documentary has been shown on public television across the United States. Antonio is a Steinway Artist Antonio is the Director of the New International Godowsky Society. In September 2018, Antonio released a new album on the Steinway Label named Gottschalk and Cuba, which contains the first ever recording of A Night in the Tropics, Symphony Romantique, with both movements on piano.
Personal life
Antonio is married and lives with their wife in the Russian River Area of Sonoma, California.
References
External links
http://www.theartofthelefthand.com/info.html
Soiree on Cedar Street
Pianist Antonio Iturrioz at Cabrillo College
ALS Festival 2016 Schedule
American classical pianists
Male classical pianists
American male pianists
Living people
Cuban emigrants to the United States
People from Sonoma, California
Classical musicians from California
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century American pianists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sisymbrium is a genus of plants in the family Brassicaceae.
Selected species
Sisymbrium altissimum – Jim Hill mustard, tall rocket, tall tumblemustard
Sisymbrium crassifolium
Sisymbrium erysimoides
Sisymbrium irio – London rocket
Sisymbrium loeselii – False London rocket
Sisymbrium officinale – Hedge mustard, used in some cuisines
Sisymbrium orientale – Eastern rocket
Sisymbrium strictissimum – Perennial rocket
Sisymbrium turczaninowii
Sisymbrium volgense – Russian mustard (syn. S. wolgense)
S. nasturtium-aquaticum is now a synonym of Nasturtium officinale, and S. tenuifolium – of Diplotaxis tenuifolia (perennial wall-rocket).
References
Brassicaceae genera
Old St Peter's Church a Grade II-listed ruin is situated above the B5429 in the village of Llanbedr Dyffryn Clwyd. It was first mentioned in the Lincoln Taxatio of 1291. Valued at £418 in the Valor Ecclesiasticus of 1535.
References
Llanbedr Dyffryn Clwyd, Old St Peter's
Church ruins in Wales
Grade II listed ruins in Wales
Ninian MacWhannell (15 October 1860 – 23 December 1939) was a Scottish architect, author, and footballer.
Born in Hutchesontown, MacWhannell attended Glasgow High School and Glasgow School of Art before becoming an architect.
They played football for Queen's Park, making five appearances for them, including appearing in the 1885 FA Cup Final.
They also wrote books about the Doric language and Robert Burns. They served as a councillor and magistrate.
References
1860 births
1939 deaths
Scottish footballers
Scottish architects
FA Cup Final players
Queen's Park F.C. players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Glasgow
Scottish writers
People educated at the High School of Glasgow
Alumni of the Glasgow School of Art
Councillors in Glasgow
People from Gorbals
"Manwa Laage" () is a romantic Hindi song from the 2014 Bollywood film, Happy New Year. Composed by Vishal–Shekhar, the song is sung by Shreya Ghoshal and Arijit Singh, with lyrics penned by Irshad Kamil. The music video of the track features actors Shahrukh Khan and Deepika Padukone.
Development
On 26 November 2012, director Farah Khan confirmed through Twitter that the first song from Happy New Year had been recorded and it is rendered by Shreya Ghoshal and Arijit Singh. Till then, it was the first time that Singh lent their voice for Shah Rukh Khan, as the song was recorded prior to "Kashmir Main Tu Kanyakumari" (Chennai Express).
Other versions
Release
The first look of the song was revealed through the official twitter handle of the movie. The video was officially praised by many and left a great impact after the music video of the song was officially released on 9 September 2014, through the YouTube channel of T-Series said MAhluwalia of Caetio. Along with leading actors Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone, the video also featured the other cast− Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani, Vivaan Shah. The full song was later released on music-streaming platforms on 11 September 2014.
Critical reception
The song received generally positive reviews from critics. Rohit Vats reviewing for Hindustan Times described the song "simple yet soulful", praising the lyrics by Irshad Kamil. Rajiv Vijayakar from Bollywood Hungama complimented Shreya Ghoshal's rendition in the song stating "Shreya is in customary excellent form and is superlative and more" though criticised "loud, synthetic backing music". Surabhi Redkar from Koimoi stated "While Shreya Ghoshal's voice brings out the mush in you, there is also the soulful voice of Arijit Singh to give you the perfect recipe for a romantic song", and picked the song as one of the best tracks from the album. Joginder Tuteja reviewing from Rediff.com felt that the song " is a catchy number and will enjoy a good shelf life", acknowledging Ghoshal and Singh's vocals with Vishal–Shekhar composition and Kamil's lyrics.
Accolades
References
External links
Lyrics and translation
Online streaming at Gaana.com
Online streaming at Saavn
Hindi songs
Hindi film songs
Shreya Ghoshal songs
Arijit Singh songs
Songs written for films
2014 songs
Songs with lyrics by Irshad Kamil
Phyllonorycter hagenii is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Québec in Canada and Illinois, Massachusetts, Kentucky, Michigan, New York, Vermont and Connecticut in the United States.
The wingspan is 7.5–10 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba, Quercus bicolor, Quercus castanea and Quercus prinus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the upperside the leaf. The pupa is suspended in a few silken threads.
References
hagenii
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1873
Kelty railway station served the village of Kelty, Fife, Scotland from 1860 to 1930 on the Kinross-shire Railway.
History
The station opened on 20 June 1860 by the North British Railway. It had a goods building at one point in its existence. The station closed to passengers on 22 September 1930. The timber platforms were reduced to a mound and the goods building was moved to Loch Leven Pier. Nothing remains today.
References
Disused railway stations in Fife
Former North British Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1860
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1930
1860 establishments in Scotland
1930 disestablishments in Scotland
House of CB is a women's fashion retailer founded by British Conna Walker in 2010, and known for its figure-hugging clothing. House of CB is known for its form-fitting and tailored pieces, producing designer-inspired party clothing. The brand was founded by a then 17 year old, Conna Walker from their bedroom, with a £3,000 loan from their father. The brand includes a full collection of womenswear that also covers lingerie, swimwear, shoes, and accessories. In 2016 Walker introduced House of CB's younger sister brand, Mistress Rocks. House of CB garments have been worn by Hollywood celebrities, such as Beyoncé, Gigi Hadid, Lady Gaga, Jennifer Lopez, and the Kardashians.
In 2020, House of CB launched their bridal collection.
References
External links
[House of CB website https://www.houseofcb.com/] - House of CB's Official Website
Clothing retailers of Australia
Clothing retailers of the United Kingdom
Retail companies established in 2010
Wedding dress designers
The Central Cemetery in Szczecin is a municipal cemetery in Szczecin, Poland. With an area of over 167.8 hectares, and still expanding, it is officially the largest cemetery in Poland and the third largest cemetery in Europe.
History
The Central Cemetery in Szczecin was established in 1901 as a new and modern cemetery in what was then Stettin in German Pomerania. It was formerly called the Hauptfriedhof Stettin (Stettin Main Cemetery) and was modeled on the Ohlsdorf Cemetery in Hamburg, Germany. Even though it has been operating for more than 100 years, it is still in use, and it is a legally protected national monument.
The first part of the new cemetery was located in the fields on the eastern outskirts of the city. It was designed by Wilhelm Meyer-Schwartau, a prolific architect of Stettin. The composition of the greenery was designed by landscape architect Georg Hanning.
Wilhelm Meyer-Schwartau planned the layout of the new cemetery, and also designed a neo-romanesque central chapel and a monumental 77-meter-long main entrance gate. In total, there are eleven gates leading to the cemetery.
The Central Cemetery was intended as a picturesque park or memorial-garden. This goal was achieved through utilizing the natural features of the landscape. Most of the roads in the old part of the cemetery are curved and form a net of small circles. The main road, leading from the central gate to the central chapel, is flanked by old plane trees.
The main chapel was destroyed in the fire of 1981 and took 13 years to rebuild. In 1925, a crematory was constructed next to it. Today there is only one chapel in the cemetery, facing a big decorative pool with a fountain. It forms the main axis connecting the east and west part of the cemetery.
The new – west part of the cemetery was created about 1930, on a site which had been used as a military training area. Most roads in this part of the cemetery are straight, running parallel to two natural streams which flow through the whole terrain. In this part of the cemetery in the 1930 there was also a chapel, modern in style, but it was demolished during the Second World War, and eventually pulled down in 1984. After Stettin became Polish in 1945 and renamed Szczecin, the authorities rechristened the cemetery to its present Polish name.
On the site of the Central Cemetery there are many places of historical interest, such as a lapidarium with old gravestones and grave sculptures, and an old windmill (today converted into a garden centre). One of the quarters houses graves of notable individuals, such as artists and politicians. There are also monuments devoted to veterans, people who died at sea, unborn fetuses and concentration camps victims.
Monuments
The best known monument is Pomnik Braterstwa Broni (Monument of Brothers in Arms) made in 1967 and designed by Sławomir Lewiński. It is a military monument which looks like hussar wings. The monument is situated on the hill on the main axis. From this place there is a beautiful view on the main chapel.
The Central Cemetery in Szczecin is like a huge park in the centre of the city, with many old and different kind of trees and high shaped hedges made of deciduous or coniferous bushes. It is similar to a big botanical garden but not everyone, even in Szczecin, knows about this original collection of trees and bushes.
Some parts of the cemetery are very natural, there are thickets and meadows, especially the green belts located parallel to the streams. It is a very important ecological space for many little animals, birds and insects such as foxes, hares, hedgehogs, red squirrels, wilds ducks etc. In the cemetery there is also one educational board with photos of these wild animals and some information about them.
Gallery
References
Cemeteries in Poland
History of Szczecin
Monuments and memorials in Poland
Buildings and structures in Szczecin
Tourist attractions in West Pomeranian Voivodeship
Mark Hubbard may refer to:
Mark Hubbard (musician), American gospel musician
Mark "Monk" Hubbard (1970–2018), American skateboarder
Mark Hubbard (golfer) (born 1989), American golfer
Owen Diana Omogiafo (born Owen Diana Elaiho) is a Nigerian business executive and strategist.  They are the President and Group Chief Executive Officer of Transnational Corporation of Nigeria (Transcorp), a diversified conglomerate with strategic investments in the Power, Hospitality and Oil and Gas sectors.
Early life and education
Owen Omogiafo was born on May 28, 1980, Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria. They attended the University of Benin, where they earned a Bachelor's degree (double honours) in Sociology and Anthropology. They hold a Master of Science degree in Human Resource Management from the London School of Economics and Political Science and is an alumnus of the Lagos Business School and IESE Business School, Spain.
 They are a member of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development, UK and a Certified Change Manager with the Prosci Institute, USA.  They are a member of the Institute of Directors (IoD) Nigeria.
Career
Owen has worked in diverse roles including as Director of Human Resources at Heirs Holdings, Chief of Staff, Human Resource Advisor to the GMD/CEO at United Bank for Africa (UBA) and as an Organisation and Human Performance Consultant at Accenture, specializing in Change Management. .
Early career
Owen's early career commenced in Stockbroking and later, they moved to Banking where they held various roles spanning Operations, Service Quality Management and Relationship Management. Prior to joining UBA, they worked with Accenture where they covered various projects and clients spanning the Private and Public sectors and diverse industries.
Heirs Holdings Limited and Tony Elumelu Foundation
As a staff of Heirs Holdings, Owen served in various capacities including as the Director of Resources, responsible for establishing structures for optimal man and machine engagement and deployment within Heirs Holdings Group. They equally served as the Chief Operating Officer at the Tony Elumelu Foundation (TEF), where, working with the CEO and the Board, they oversaw the $100m Programme aimed at identifying, mentoring, and funding 10,000 entrepreneurs over 10 years.
Transnational Corporation of Nigeria Plc (Transcorp)
They joined Transcorp as the Executive Director, Corporate Services in July 2018, and was later appointed as the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Transcorp Hotels Plc, leading the brand's operation of its flagship Transcorp Hilton Abuja and Transcorp Hotels Calabar.
In March 2020, they were announced as the President/Chief Executive Officer of Transcorp after their appointment to the role, they became the youngest t CEO on the Nigerian Stock Exchange and also the youngest and first female to occupy the position at Transcorp.
Owen is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Association of Power Generation Companies (APGC) in Nigeria, an association for power generation companies representing the interests of developers and operators of independent energy facilities. They hold Non-Executive Director positions in various companies including Transcorp Power Limited, Transcorp Hotels Plc and Avon Healthcare Limited, where they sit on the Board's Finance, Investment & Risk Committee, and Audit & Governance Committee.
Personal life
Owen is married to Osato Omogiafo and they have three children.
Honors
They have received several awards and recognition including:
Business Day (Nigeria) Women's Hub – 50 Most Inspiring Nigerian Women
Leading Ladies Africa - 50 Leading Ladies in Corporate Nigeria
YNaija - Power List for Corporate Nigeria 2018
References
21st-century Nigerian businesspeople
Nigerian chief executives
Nigerian women business executives
Businesspeople from Lagos
Alumni of the London School of Economics
1980 births
Living people
People from Lagos
University of Benin (Nigeria) alumni
Nigerian corporate directors
Lagos Business School alumni
University of Navarra alumni
Pseudatteria fumipennis is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Colombia.
References
Moths described in 1904
Pseudatteria
Tatiana Rudolfovna Druchinina (; born April 18, 1969) is a Russian former rhythmic gymnast who represented the Soviet Union.  They are the 1987 World champion in ribbon and the 1986 World Cup Final all-around silver medalist, Merited Master of Sports in Rhythmic Gymnastics, Honored coach of Russia and figure skating choreographer.
Personal life
Druchinina was born on 18 April 1969 in Omsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. They were married to two-time Olympic pair skating champion Artur Dmitriev from the 1990s to 2006. Their son, Artur Dmitriev Jr., was born in September 1992 and has competed in figure skating for Russia.
Rhythmic gymnastics career
Tatiana Druchinina was among the Soviet Union's leading gymnasts in the 1980s, along with Marina Lobatch, Galina Beloglazova, and Dalia Kutkaitė. Although they never won a World or European all-around medal, Druchinina finished high in the standings.
At the 1984 European Championships, they came in 6th in the all-around. At the 1985 World Championships, they won the bronze medal in clubs, finished 6th in all-around and 4th with rope and ribbon.
Druchinina placed 4th in all-around at the 1986 Europeans (first on ball, 4th with rope and clubs). They won four gold medals at the 1986 Goodwill Games (all-around, rope, ball, and ribbon). They tied for the all-around silver medal (with teammate Galina Beloglazova) at the 1986 World Cup Final, as well as winning silver in clubs and bronze medals in rope and ball. They finished 6th in all-around at the 1987 World Championships and won gold in ribbon. Druchinina also briefly performed as a member of the Soviet group exercises.
In 1988, Druchinina sustained a back injury and was withdrawn from the Europeans; rising teammate Olexandra Tymoshenko substituted them in the Soviet team and went on to win the 1988 European Championships and the bronze medal at the 1988 Seoul Olympics. Druchinina retired from gymnastics at the end of the 1988 season.
Figure skating career
Druchinina lived in the United States from 1993 to 2007. They worked with single skaters, including Sarah Hughes and Sasha Cohen, pair skaters Ekaterina Gordeeva / Sergei Grinkov, and ice dancers in Evgeny Platov's group. After returning to Russia, they worked for many years at the Sports Palace "Jubilee" Club in Saint Petersburg with the sports group and pairs of Tamara Moskvina. In 2011, they moved to Moscow, where they briefly coached their son, Artur Dmitriev Jr. They collaborated with Svetlana Alexeeva's ice dancing students in the 2011–12 season and with Alexander Zhulin's ice dancers.
Them former clients include:
Elena Berezhnaya / Anton Sikharulidze
Tatiana Navka / Roman Kostomarov
Yuko Kavaguti / Alexander Smirnov
Katarina Gerboldt / Alexander Enbert
Yuri Shevchuk
Artur Dmitriev Jr.
Nikolai Morozov
Aleksandra Boikova / Dmitrii Kozlovskii
References
External links
FSkate profile
Rhythmic gymnastics results
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Omsk
Russian rhythmic gymnasts
Soviet rhythmic gymnasts
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships
Goodwill Games medalists in gymnastics
Competitors at the 1986 Goodwill Games
Khafr () may refer to:
Khafr, Fars
Khafr, Natanz, Isfahan Province
Khafr, Semirom, Isfahan Province
Khafr District, in Fars Province
Khafr Rural District, in Fars Province
Senator McCullough may refer to:
Charles McCullough (1923–2014), Northern Irish Senate
Frank S. McCullough (1905–1998), New York State Senate
Hiram McCullough (1813–1885), Maryland State Senate
James J. McCullough (born 1942), New Jersey State Senate
John G. McCullough (1835–1915), California State Senate and Vermont State Senate
See also
Senator McCulloch (disambiguation)
David Chernushenko (born June 1963) is an author, speaker, sustainability consultant, documentary filmmaker and former politician in Ontario, Canada. They were elected to the Ottawa City Council in the 2010 municipal election and re-elected for a second term in 2014. They were the former deputy leader and senior deputy to the leader of the Green Party of Canada, and a leadership contestant for that party.
Early life and career
Born in Calgary, Alberta, Chernushenko is a graduate of Queen's University (political science) and alumnus of Cambridge University (international relations), Chernushenko has worked for the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA), the Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade (DFAIT) and the United Nations Environment Programme. They have served on committees and boards of local housing and environment groups, schools and health advisory bodies.
Chernushenko is a "green building" professional accredited by the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification program. As owner of the consulting firm Green & Gold Inc. since 1998, they have advised public, private, and non-profit organizations on adopting more sustainable and socially responsible practices.
From 1998 to 2004, Chernushenko served on the International Olympic Committee's commission on Sport and the Environment. They have written several books on sustainable management practices, including Sustainable Sport Management (UNEP, 2001) and Greening Our Games: Running Sports Events & Facilities that Won't Cost the Earth (Centurion, 1994), and the electronic publication Greening Campuses and their Communities (IISD/ACCC/UNEP, 1996). In 2001, they co-founded Clean Air Champions, a national charity that engaged athletes in raising awareness about air pollution, climate change, and the benefits of physical activity in Canada.
Federal politics
Chernushenko was the Green Party candidate for Ottawa Centre in the 2004 federal election. They finished fourth with 4,730 votes (8%), receiving more votes than any other Green candidate in Ottawa. They ran again in Ottawa Centre in the 2006 federal election and again came fourth, losing to Paul Dewar from the New Democratic Party (NDP). Chernushenko received 6,766 votes (10.2%), the highest vote count of any Green Party candidate in the 2006 election. They passed the 10% threshold, thus becoming eligible for partial government reimbursement of campaign expenditures. Chernushenko was endorsed by the Ottawa Citizen newspaper in the 2004 and 2006 elections. They also ran as the Green Party candidate in Ottawa South in the 2003 Ontario general election.
2006 Green Party leadership bid
On March 30, 2006, David Chernushenko announced their bid for the leadership of the Green Party of Canada. They were close to the positions of previous leader Jim Harris, in contrast to Elizabeth May, who was seen as more of a traditional activist. Chernushenko received 33.38% of the votes in the election, losing to May. Since that time, Chernushenko has on occasion been critical of May's leadership of the party, and has publicly spoken out about their mixed messages about strategic voting in the 2008 federal election, an issue that some party insiders blamed for the Greens' poorer-than-expected results in that election.
National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy
On November 10, 2006, Prime Minister Stephen Harper appointed Chernushenko to Canada's National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy (NRTEE), a non-partisan panel that advises the federal government on environmental policy, and works to promote environmental, social and economic practices in Canada's public, private and civil society sectors. Chernushenko served as a member on the NRTEE from 2006 to 2009, and served as vice-chair in 2008-2009.
Chernushenko resigned as deputy leader of the Green Party in July 2007 in order to devote more time to their international consulting business and the NRTEE, and to make documentary films. Since then, they have launched the Living Lightly multimedia project and produced three documentaries, titled Be the Change (2008), Powerful: Energy for Everyone (2010) and Bike City, Great City (2013).
Ottawa City Council
Chernushenko ran as City Councillor for Capital Ward in the 2010 Ottawa municipal election. They won with 41.34% of the vote. They were re-elected in 2014. In the 2018 municipal election, Chernushenko was defeated by Shawn Menard.
Works
Electoral record
References
External links
Author website
Councillor's website
Green Party of Canada candidates in the 2004 Canadian federal election
Green Party of Canada candidates in the 2006 Canadian federal election
Living people
1963 births
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Green Party of Ontario candidates in Ontario provincial elections
Politicians from Calgary
Canadian Unitarian Universalists
Ottawa city councillors
Canadian documentary filmmakers
Rudolph is an unincorporated community in Brown County, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
History
Rudolph was laid out in 1881. It was named for H. Rudolph McCullough, a railroad official. A post office called Rudolph was established in 1883, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1908.
References
Unincorporated communities in Brown County, South Dakota
Unincorporated communities in South Dakota
In military terms, 5th Division may refer to:
Infantry divisions
5th Division (Australia)
5th Division (People's Republic of China)
5th Division (Colombia)
Finnish 5th Division (Continuation War)
5th Light Cavalry Division (France)
5th Motorized Division (France)
5th North African Infantry Division, France
5th Division (German Empire)
5th Division (Reichswehr)
5th Jäger Division (Wehrmacht)
5th Royal Bavarian Division, German Empire
5th Mountain Division (Wehrmacht)
5th Infantry Division (Greece)
5th Division (Imperial Japanese Army)
5th (Mhow) Division, British Indian Army
5th Infantry Division (India)
5th Alpine Division Pusteria, Italy
5th Infantry Division Cosseria, Italy
5th Division (New Zealand)
5th Division (North Korea)
5th Division (Iraq)
5th Division (Norway), participated in the Norwegian Campaign
5th Infantry Division (Ottoman Empire)
5th Infantry Division (Philippines)
5th Infantry Division (Poland)
5th Rifle Division (Poland)
5th Infantry Division (Russian Empire)
5th Infantry Division (South Korea)
5th Division (South Vietnam)
5th Rifle Division (Soviet Union)
5th Division (Spain)
5th Infantry Division (Thailand)
5th Infantry Division (United Kingdom)
5th Infantry Division (United States)
5th Marine Division (United States)
5th Infantry Division (Vietnam)
Cavalry divisions
5th Cavalry Division (German Empire)
21st Panzer Division (Wehrmacht)
2nd Indian Cavalry Division, designated 5th Cavalry Division from November 1916 to March 1918 in France in World War I
5th Cavalry Division (India), served from July 1918 in Palestine in World War I
Armored divisions
5th Canadian Division
5th Armored Division (France)
5th SS Panzer Division Wiking, Germany
5th Armored Division (United States)
5th Armoured Division (Syria)
5th Panzer Division (Bundeswehr)
Aviation divisions
5th Air Division, United States
Naval divisions
Fifth Carrier Division, Imperial Japanese Navy
See also
5th Group (disambiguation)
5th Brigade (disambiguation)
5th Regiment (disambiguation)
5th Squadron (disambiguation)
Dwight Davis and Holcombe Ward defeated Herbert Roper Barrett and George Simond 7–5, 6–4, 6–4 in the Comers' Final, but the reigning champions Laurence Doherty and Reginald Doherty defeated Davis and Ward 4–6, 6–2, 6–3, 9–7 in the challenge round to win the gentlemen's doubles tennis title at the 1901 Wimbledon Championships.
Draw
Challenge round
All comers' finals
Top half
The nationality of F Japi is unknown.
Bottom half
References
External links
Gentlemen's Doubles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Men's doubles
In an internal combustion engine, a head gasket provides the seal between the engine block and cylinder head(s).
Its purpose is to seal the combustion gases within the cylinders and to avoid coolant or engine oil leaking into the cylinders. Leaks in the head gasket can cause poor engine running and/or overheating.
Purpose
Within a water-cooled internal combustion engine, there are three fluids which travel between the engine block and the cylinder head:
Combustion gases (unburned air/fuel mixture and exhaust gases) in each cylinder
Water-based coolant in the coolant passages
Lubricating oil in the oil galleries
Correct operation of the engine requires that each of these circuits do not leak or lose pressure at the junction of the engine block and the cylinder head. The head gasket is the seal that prevents these leaks and pressure losses.
Types
Multi-Layer Steel (MLS): Most modern engines are produced with MLS gaskets. These consist of two to five (typically three) thin layers of steel, interleaved with elastomer. The contact faces are usually coated with a rubber-like coating such as Viton which adheres to the engine block and cylinder head while the inner layers are optimized for resilience.
Solid copper: A solid sheet of copper, and typically requires special machining called O-ringing that places a piece of wire around the circumference of the cylinder to bite into the copper. When this is performed copper gaskets are very durable.
Composite: An older design which is more prone to blowouts than newer designs. Composite gaskets are traditionally made from asbestos or graphite. Asbestos gaskets are increasingly rare due to health concerns.
Elastomeric: Uses a steel core plate with molded in place silicone rubber beads to seal oil and coolant passages. The bores are sealed by rolled steel fire rings in a more conventional manner. This type of gasket was used in the Rover K-series engine.
O-ring: These gaskets are typically built from steel or copper. They are reusable and if used between correctly prepared flat surfaces will yield the highest clamping pressure, due to their much lower surface area compared with other gasket types.
Gasket failure
A leak in the head gasket - often called a "blown head gasket" - can result in a leak of coolant, the combustion gasses, or both.
Blue smoke from the exhaust suggests that excess oil is entering the combustion chambers (although there are other possible causes than a head gasket leak). White smoke from the exhaust suggests that coolant is entering the combustion chamber.
Head gasket leaks are classified as either external or internal. External leaks are visible as oil or coolant on the outside of the engine (typically underneath). Internal leaks are when the fluids enter another circuit and may result in changes to the coolant or oil. The former may be the presence of foam (caused by hydrocarbons) in the coolant expansion tank. Coolant leaking into the oil system may result in a mayonnaise, or milkshake-like, substance in the oil, often to be seen on the dipstick, or oil filler cap. However, the presence of this substance is not conclusive proof of head gasket failure, since oil could mix with the coolant via other routes. Likewise, it is entirely possible for a head gasket to fail in such a way that oil never comes in contact with coolant. Therefore it is not possible to conclusively determine the head gasket condition by inspecting the oil.
Coolant leakage
If coolant enters a cylinder, the burning of the air/fuel mixture is compromised, reducing the engine's performance and often causing steam (white smoke) to be visible from the exhaust. This steam can damage the catalytic converter. If a very large amount of coolant leaks into the cylinders, then the engine can suffer from hydrolock, which can cause extensive engine damage.
Combustion gas leakage
When the combustion gasses leak out of a cylinder, this causes a loss of compression, leading to power reduction or rough running. If the combustion gases are leaking into the cooling system, this reduces the effectiveness of the cooling system and can cause the engine to overheat. In other occurrences the gases can leak into small spaces between the gasket and either the cylinder head or engine block traps those gases, and then released when the engine is turned off. These gases then escape into the coolant and create air pockets. Sometimes these air pockets can get trapped in the engine's coolant thermostat, causing it to stay closed and cause further overheating, thereby creating more voids between the gasket and the engine. Other times these air pockets can also cause the engine to expel coolant into the overflow or expansion tank, thereby reducing the amount of coolant available for cooling.
Diagnosis and repair
Common test methods for head gasket leaks are a compression test (using a pressure gauge), a leak-down test or a chemical test that identifies hydrocarbons in the coolant fluid.
The cost of the replacement component (i.e. the head gasket itself) is usually relatively low, however there are significant labor costs involved in the replacement process. This is because the process of removing and replacing the cylinder head is a time-consuming task.
Effect of engine knocking
Engine knocking (detonation) can be caused by poor quality fuel, an engine fault or if inappropriate fuel and/or ignition settings are trialled chosen while engine tuning is taking place. If the detonation is severe, the cylinder pressure can be increase to eight times above normal pressures, which can cause the cylinder head to lift away from the engine block, disrupting the seal between the two. Most gaskets used in standard production engines can be critically damaged by severe detonation.
See also
Internal combustion engine cooling
Motor oil
Rocker cover gasket
References
Seals (mechanical)
Engine technology
Engine problems
Thomas Blinkhorn (23 April 1903 – 15 June 1976) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s and 1930s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Wigan Highfield, Warrington and Broughton Rangers, as a , or , i.e. number 1, or, 2 or 5.
Background
Blinkhorn was born in Wigan, Lancashire, and they died aged 73 in Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.
Playing career
They started playing rugby league for Wigan Highfield before moving to Warrington. Blinkhorn played and scored a try in Warrington's 15-2 victory over Salford in the 1929 Lancashire Cup Final at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 23 November 1929. Blinkhorn, won a cap for England while at Warrington in 1929 against Other Nationalities, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1930 against Australia, playing on the in the 4th Ashe test of the 1929–30 Kangaroo tour. Blinkhorn played in Warrington's 17-21 defeat by Huddersfield in the 1933 Challenge Cup Final during the 1932–33 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 6 May 1933, in front of a crowd of 41,784. they made their début for Broughton Rangers as a against Hull Kingston Rovers at Belle Vue Stadium, Belle Vue, Manchester.
References
External links
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
Rangers' New Back - Blinkhorn From Warrington
1903 births
1976 deaths
Broughton Rangers players
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Liverpool City (rugby league) players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Wigan
Rugby league wingers
Warrington Wolves players
Let It Be Morning (, ) is a 2021 Israeli drama film directed by Eran Kolirin, based on the Hebrew-language novel Let It Be Morning by Palestinian author Sayed Kashua. In June 2021, the film was selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival. However, the Palestinian cast of the film opposed the categorization of the film as "Israeli," and withdrew from the Cannes Film Festival in protest. It was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 94th Academy Awards.
Plot
While attending their brother's wedding, a Palestinian-born Israeli citizen finds themselves unable to return home to Jerusalem when a road is blocked by Israeli soldiers.
Cast
Alex Bakri as Sami
Juna Suleiman as Mira
Salim Dau as Tarek
Ehab Salami as Abed
Khalifa Natour as Mohammed
Reception
Davide Abbatescianni, of The New Arab, defined it as "an enjoyable comedy," although "it occasionally suffers from some pacing issues, especially during its last third." They praised its "solid storytelling, the good acting performances and the compelling lead character."
See also
List of submissions to the 94th Academy Awards for Best International Feature Film
List of Israeli submissions for the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film
References
External links
2021 films
2021 drama films
Israeli drama films
2020s Hebrew-language films
Films directed by Eran Kolirin
Sheila Rowan (born 25 November 1969) is a Scottish physicist and academic, who is Professor of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Glasgow in Scotland, and director of its Institute for Gravitational Research since 2009.  They are known for their work in advancing the detection of gravitation waves. In 2016, Rowan was appointed the (part-time) Chief Scientific Advisor to the Scottish Government.
Education
Rowan was born on 25 November 1969 in Dumfries, Dumfriesshire, Scotland. They were educated at Maxwelltown High School, a comprehensive school in Dumfries. They studied physics at the University of Glasgow, graduating with a Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree in 1991 and a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in 1995. Them PhD was research on gravitational waves and was supervised by James Hough.
Career
After their PhD, Rowan's work was split between the University of Glasgow and the Edward Ginzton Laboratory at Stanford University. Since 2003, they have been based solely in Glasgow, and in 2006 was appointed Professor of Experimental Physics. Rowan's research has focused on developing optical materials for use in gravitational wave detectors. They led a team which worked on the international Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) collaboration. This collaboration led in September 2015 to the detection of gravitational waves for the first time after Albert Einstein's prediction.
In June 2016, Rowan was seconded (part-time) to chief scientific advisor to the Scottish Government, a position vacant since December 2014, when Muffy Calder stood down. In June 2021 they stepped down from this role and became the President of the Institute of Physics, taking up their post on 1 October 2021. They were succeeded by Julie FitzPatrick who took up the post of Scotland's Chief Scientific Adviser on 14 June 2021.
Awards and honours
Rowan was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE) in 2008 and a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2018.
Rowan was awarded the Philip Leverhulme Prize for Astronomy and Astrophysics in 2005, elected a Fellow of the Institute of Physics (FInstP) in 2006 and awarded Fellowship of the American Physical Society in 2012. They were awarded the Fred Hoyle Medal and Prize of the Institute of Physics in 2016 in recognition of their pioneering research on aspects of the technology of gravitational wave observatories.
In 2016, Rowan and their team contributed to the 2016 Special Breakthrough Prize in Fundamental Physics, for their work on the first detection of gravitational waves, which was announced in February 2016.
In 2016, Rowan was among a team of researches to be awarded the President's Medal by the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
In 2017, Rowan won the Suffrage Science award
In July 2019, Rowan was elected to the role of president-elect by the Institute of Physics. They took up the post of President on 1 October 2021.
In 2020, Rowan won the Sir Harold Hartley Medal by the Institute of Measurement and Control for outstanding contribution to the technology of measurement and control.
Rowan was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours, and promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2021 New Year Honours for services to science.
Patents
Rowan was awarded a patent for silicon carbide bonding in 2010 by the European Patent Office. The patent covers a novel method for bonding silicon carbide components to themselves and to other materials.
References
Sources
Living people
British physicists
British women physicists
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Stanford University Department of Applied Physics faculty
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Scottish civil servants
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
People educated at Maxwelltown High School
1969 births
Duradanda is one of the mid-hills in Lamjung District. Lamjung is one of districts in Gandaki in central Nepal. Duradanda used to have former six village development committees (VDCs) namely Chandreshwor, Duradanda (sensu stricto), Dhuseni, Ishaneshwor, Neta, and Purankot. The new constitution has restructured the local bodies and these VDCs are formally non-existent. The name 'Duradanda' is composed of two terms: Dura= historical Dura tribes + danda= hill in Nepali. Duras inhabited this place from the historical times and were important political game players in the past, especially when Nepal was fragmented into 22–24 Kingdoms, known as Bayise Chaubisi rajyas. Duradanda is considered to be the place of origin of the 'Dura' tribe. Duras have their own language and culture but are being forgotten because of an increasing influence from other cultures. Dura language, in fact, is no longer in use as the tribe uses the Nepali language. Only old generations knows the language, and not many people of this generation are alive at this time. Thus, Dura language is in danger of being lost completely. Apart from Duras, Duradanda is also known for famous historical movements called 'Halo Kranti (ploughing movement)' and 'Siksha Kranti (educatioal movement)'. Sarvodaya High School (now, Sarbodaya Higher Secondary School and Sarbodaya Campus) was one of the oldest school in the entire region of Central Nepal. Thus, people from very far places used to come to Duradanda for formal school education from Sarvodaya High School. At that time, young people who wanted to come here seeking school education from far villages used to say: "Duradanda kei chhaina tadha, janchhu ma ta sikshya ko khojima" meaning that "Duradanda is no longer far and I want to go there seeking my education". There were no hostels, so the youngesters used to live as guests (paying or free) in locals' houses, preferably relatives. In return, they had to bring commodities or to provide labor services for household and/or farm works.
How to reach Duradanda?
One can enter Duradanda from 'Satrasaya Phant', which is about an hour of leisurely walk west from Sundarbazaar. According to the recent local bodies reformation in Nepal, the entire hill of Duradanda represents ward number 3 of Sundarbazar Municipality. Now reaching Duradanda is much easier. You can use bus services from several main cities and from Sundarbazaar.
Duradanda VDC:
"Duradanda" (sensu stricto) used to be named of one of the Village Development Committees within the broader Duradanda hill in the past but Duradanda VDC was only a small part of Duradanda. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the VDC had a population of 2135 people living in 430 individual households. The VDC has only one high school named 'Sanskriti Sadan' at village Archalyani. There are a total of nine wards in Duradanda VDC and among them are Puranadehi known as Tiwari Gaun. In terms of literacy and prominence the Neupane and Adhikari have held high status in Government and literature.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Vermont Route 244 (VT 244) is a state highway located within Orange County, Vermont, United States. The route runs from VT 113 in Thetford to U.S. Route 5 (US 5) in Fairlee. The highway is long and provides access to the Post Mills Airport from Interstate 91 (I-91) and US 5. VT 244 passes through the towns of Thetford, West Fairlee, and Fairlee, as well as the village of Post Mills.
Route description
Vermont Route 244 begins at an intersection with Vermont Route 113 in the village of Post Mills, within the town of Thetford. The highway traverses the shoreline of Lake Fairlee, traveling north through West Fairlee and Fairlee before turning southeast, crossing under Interstate 91 and terminating at an intersection with U.S. Route 5.
Major intersections
References
External links
244
Transportation in Orange County, Vermont
Cross Infinite World is a California-based language localization company specializing in Japanese to English translation and publication of Japanese media such as light novels and manga.
History
Founded in 2016, Cross Infinite World is a localization company working directly with Japanese authors, artists, and manga artists. Cross Infinite World released their first light novel series My Favorite Song ~The Silver Siren~ on May 16, 2016, in digital format. Shortly thereafter, they announced the acquisition of The Violet Knight light novel series.
Originally known to be aiming for Shoujo and Josei Light Novels Cross Infinite World announced their plans to cross into Manga Publishing.
On August 23, 2016, Cross Infinite World announced the licensing of two Manga titles, Gleam, and Little Hero.
May 2, 2017, Cross Infinite World announced the licensing of the light novels: Akaoni: Contract with a Vampire, I Became the Secretary of a Hero!, and the manga Yusen Ruten: An Era of Red.
January 8, 2018, Cross Infinite World expands their retail platform to Google Play and iBooks for the first time.
August 22, 2019, Cross Infinite World Begins release of printed versions of their digital Light Novels. Print of 8 different light novel series announced.
October 12, 2021, In partnership with Podium Audio, Cross Infinite World announces their lineup of Audiobooks.
April 30, 2022, Cross Infinite World expands their print platform to Right Stuf Anime.
Publications
Light Novels
My Favorite Song ~The Silver Siren~
The Violet Knight
Akaoni: Contract with a Vampire
I Became the Secretary of a Hero!
Obsessions of an Otome Gamer
Mia and the Forbidden Medicine Report
Little Princess in Fairy Forest
The Champions of Justice and the Supreme Ruler of Evil
Dawn of the Mapmaker: The Surveyor Girl and the Forbidden Knowledge
The Eccentric Master and the Fake Lover
emeth: Island of Golems
The Cursed Princess and the Lucky Knight
Labyrinth Angel
Root Double -Before Crime * After Days
The Werewolf Count and the Trickster Tailor
Of Dragons and Fae: Is a Fairy Tale Ending Possible for the Princess's Hairstylist?
Beast † Blood
Another World's Zombie Apocalypse Is Not My Problem!
The Misfortune Devouring Witch is Actually a Vampire?
Hello, I am a Witch and my Crush Wants me to Make a Love Potion!
The Weakest Manga Villainess Wants Them Freedom!
Past Life Countess, Present Life Otome Game NPC?!
Reset! The Imprisoned Princess Dreams of Another Chance!
I Reincarnated As Evil Alice, So the Only Thing I'm Courting Is Death!
As The Villainess, I Reject These Happy-Bad Endings!
Reincarnated as the Last of My Kind
Since I Was Abandoned After Reincarnating, I Will Cook With My Fluffy Friends
Hey! You've Kidnapped the Wrong Royal!
Romance of the Imperial Capital Kotogami: A Tale of Living Alongside Spirits
Return from Death: I Kicked the Bucket and Now I'm Back at Square One With a Boyfriend Who Doesn't Remember Me
So You Want to Live the Slow Life? A Guide to Life in the Beastly Wilds
Reflection of Another World
Even Dogs Go to Other Worlds: Life in Another World with My Beloved Hound
The Dragon's Soulmate is a Mushroom Princess!
Onmyoji and Tengu Eyes: The Spirit Hunters of Tomoe
Expedition Cooking with the Enoch Royal Knights
Rapunzel of the Magic Item Shop
The Princess' Smile: The Body-Double Bride Searches for Happiness with the Reclusive Prince
The Drab Princess, the Black Cat, and the Satisfying Break-up
Apocalypse Bringer Mynoghra: World Conquest Starts with the Civilization of Ruin
Audiobooks
Reincarnated as the Last of My Kind
Reset! The Imprisoned Princess Dreams of Another Chance!
Apocalypse Bringer Mynoghra: World Conquest Starts with the Civilization of Ruin
Manga
Gleam
Little Hero
Yusen Ruten: An Era of Red
Tia La Cherla
References
External links
Official Website
Companies based in California
Manga distributors
Japanese-American culture in California
Book publishing companies based in California
Japanese language
English-language mass media
Fiona Finlay (born 1956 in London) is an English TV /film producer and writer. They received a BAFTA (1995) for their TV production of Jane Austen's Persuasion and the Documentaries Special Prize at the Prix Italia 1994 and the 1st Mental Health in the Media Award for Black Daisies for the Bride, a television film written by international poet Tony Harrison about Alzheimer's disease.
Education and career
Finlay graduated with a degree in English literature from the University of Leicester and gained a postgraduate diploma in theatre studies from the University of Cardiff. They were awarded a Distinction in the Certificate of Higher Education in Arts Management from Birkbeck College, University of London. They started their career in theatre as assistant director at the Haymarket Theatre, Leicester after a postgraduate diploma at the Sherman Theatre, University of Cardiff, and took part in the Independent Regional Theatre Director's Scheme at the Gateway Theatre, Chester. Following work as assistant to the heads of New Writing and Classical Repertoire at the National Theatre they joined the BBC as a script editor and later moved to being a producer. In 2013 after a period of time working in the charity sector, film and television consultancy work and writing detective novels, Finlay launched the company Doorway Films to focus on drama, comedy and films.
Works
Productions include:
Happy Christmas I Love You (1989) by Carla Lane
Single Voices (1990) including monologues by Barry Humphries, Roy Clarke, Sheila Hancock and Carla Lane
Downtown Lagos (1992) by Leigh Jackson
The Sharp End (1991) by Roy Clarke
Black Daisies for the Bride (1993) by Tony Harrison
the multi award-winning Persuasion (1995) directed by Roger Michell and adapted from Jane Austen by Nick Dear. In addition to Best Television Drama, Persuasion won BAFTAs for Best Music, Best Design, Best Costume and Best Photography. It was released by Sony Classics in the cinemas.
After Miss Julie (1995) by Patrick Marber
Broken Glass (1996) by Arthur Miller
Danny's Story – A life of Ecstasy (1997) by Paula Milne
The American (1998) adapted from Henry James by Michael Hastings
Work for disability access
Finlay has been a longstanding advocate for disability access and widening participation and has worked long-term with adults with learning disabilities. They were a Trustee of the Poetry School (2010-2012) advising on disability and has worked with Martin Pollecoff on developing the Long Boat Home, an organisation for ex servicemen and women seeking therapy. There is a strand of Doorway Films in which in conjunction with their co director Dr Jane Simmonds, Finlay is developing medical films to help patients manage their conditions.
References
External links
Doorway Films website
British television producers
British women television producers
British film producers
1956 births
Living people
British writers
</noinclude>
The 2013 Big Ten women's basketball tournament was held March 7 through March 12 at the Sears Centre Arena in Hoffman Estates, Illinois. The Big Ten Network carried all games except the championship game which was aired by ESPN2. Purdue won the tournament and received an automatic bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament.
Seeds
All 12 Big Ten schools participated in the tournament. Teams were seeded by 2012–13 Big Ten Conference women's basketball season record. The top four teams received a first round bye.
Schedule
Bracket
All times are Eastern.
References
Big Ten women's basketball tournament
Big Ten women's basketball tournament
Big Ten
Big Ten women's basketball tournament
Basketball competitions in the United States
Selçukname is an informal term used for any of a number of medieval chronicles about Seljuk history written by different authors, mostly in Persian. It is also used for the 15th century Ottoman chronicle Tevârih-i Âl-i Selçuk (History of the House of Seljuk, also called Oğuznâme-Selçuklu târihi by some Turkish language sources, ). The Ottoman chronicle, written by Yazıcıoğlu Ali in Ottoman Turkish, is the only official history of the Imperial Court from Murad II's reign and serves to establish a narrative of the Ottoman dynasty's claim of descent through the Seljuks.
Selçukname of Ibn Bibi (13th century)
Ibn Bibi was born as the son of refugees from Khwarazm and Khorasan who had fled their native lands following the death of the last ruler of the Khwarazmian dynasty, Jalal ad-Din Mingburnu. Ibn Bibi attained a high position in the Seljuks of Anatolia as a "seal holder" and was responsible for all Seljuk correspondence. Their mother had held a position in the Imperial Court of Khwarazm as an astrologer. They had managed to find a position in the court of the Seljuk sultan Kayqubad I. Thus Ibn Bibi began their service in the Seljuk Court during the reign of Kayqubad I, which continued even after the Battle of Köse Dağ, when the Sultanate of Rum, defeated by the Mongol Empire, became vassals of the Ilkhanate.
Historian Ali Anooshahr has proposed that Ibn Bibi's chronicle of Seljuk history, called Selçukname, followed a common pattern that can be found in earlier chronicles written by medieval Persian historians Abu'l-Fadl Bayhaqi and Nizam al-Mulk. Anooshahr calls this pattern the "triad of kings", beginning with a ghazi founder king who lives a life of hardship as a wandering dispossessed warrior prince who "returns" to regain their throne. The second king of the triad is a ruler over ghazis during a prosperous and stable era, and the third king is depicted as a debauched and inexperienced ruler who loses the kingdom to a new group of ghazis.
Selçukname of Yazıcıoğlu Ali (15th century)
Authorship
The author of the 15th-century Ottoman chronicle Tevârih-i Âl-i Selçuk () was Yazıcıoğlu Ali (literally "Ali the clerk's son"), who was a civil servant during the reign of Murat II. They were sent to Mamluk Egypt as an Ottoman ambassador. Other than that, there is no information about their personal life. However, there were two other Yazıcıoğlu's in the same period who are thought to be their brothers, Ahmet Bican and Mehmet Bican, and their father was Selahattin from Gelibolu (now a district center of Çanakkale Province in Turkey) who was a katip (clerk) and the author of an astrology book. Since Yazıcıoğlu means "son of clerk" the supposition about Ali's family is justified.
Legitimacy of the Ottomans
In the early days of the Ottoman Empire, Ottomans suffered from accusations about their origin. Both Kadı Burhaneddin and Timur questioned Ottoman sovereignty in Anatolia. Kadı Burhaneddin made fun of the Ottomans by replacing the word kayıkçı ("boatman") instead of Kayı, the name of the Ottoman family's tribe. The Ottomans tried to prove their nobility. Murat II was especially uneasy about the accusations and Yazıcıoğlu Ali was tasked to write a book about the origin of the Ottoman family.
The Selçukname discusses briefly the Ottoman dynasty genealogy by asserting Ottoman descent from the Seljuks of Anatolia. Selçukname is the only official history of the Imperial Court from Murad II's reign. The fourth section is about Keyqubad I (1220–1237) of the Seljuks of Anatolia and Osman I (1298–1326) of the Ottomans. The last section is a summary of Anatolia after the death of Gazan Khan of the Mongols (1304).
The 15th century Ottoman Selçukname includes within it a 65 line Oğuzname fragment, so the latter term may occasionally be used by scholars to refer to this text. Yazıcıoğlu Ali uses the term Oğuzname in the text in reference to earlier Uyghur language texts, and it is possible the author made use of these Uyghur language texts. These earlier texts, attested to in multiple medieval sources from the Ottoman period, have not survived into the present day. Some of the names from the Book of Dede Korkut, considered to be one genre of Oğuzname, are repeated in the Selçukname.
Ali Anooshahr has written that certain aspects of Ibn Bibi's earlier work were modernized and updated with 15th-century terminology such as top (cannonball) and tüfek (gun), whereas the original 13th century Persian language text had used the term manjaniq (siege engine).
References
History books about the Ottoman Empire
1430s books
Ottoman literature
Ottoman dynasty
Persian literature
The men's eight competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia took place at Lake Lanier. It was held from 21 to 27 July. There were 10 boats (90 competitors) from 10 nations, with each nation limited to a single boat in the event. The event was won by the Netherlands, the nation's first victory in the men's eight and first medal of any color in the event since 1900. Germany took silver; it was the 9th time in the past 10 Games that a German team (Germany, United Team of Germany, East Germany, or West Germany) was on the podium, with the only exception being 1984 when no German boats competed. Russia earned bronze in its independent debut.
Background
This was the 22nd appearance of the event. Rowing had been on the programme in 1896 but was cancelled due to bad weather. The men's eight has been held every time that rowing has been contested, beginning in 1900.
Of the 10 nations competing, five had won medals in top-level competition in the last four years. Canada was the reigning Olympic champion, though it had not been on a World Championship podium since. Germany, the 1992 Olympic bronze winners, had taken gold at the 1993 and 1995 World Championships. The 1994 World Champion was the United States, which had also earned bronze in 1993 and 1995. Dutch crews had been runners-up in 1994 and 1995. Romania had taken silver at the 1992 Olympics and 1993 World Championship, as well as bronze in 1994.
Russia and Ukraine each made their debut in the event. The United States made its 19th appearance, most among nations to that point.
Competition format
The "eight" event featured nine-person boats, with eight rowers and a coxswain. It was a sweep rowing event, with the rowers each having one oar (and thus each rowing on one side). The course used the 2000 metres distance that became the Olympic standard in 1912 (with the exception of 1948). Races were held in up to six lanes.
The competition consisted of two main rounds (semifinals and finals) as well as a repechage.
Semifinals: Two heats of five boats each. The top boat in each heat (2 boats total) advanced directly to the "A" final, while all other boats (8 total) went to the repechage.
Repechage: Two heats of four boats each. The top two boats in each heat (4 boats total) rejoined the semifinal winners in the "A" final, with the 3rd and 4th place boats in each heat (4 boats total) eliminated from medal contention and competing in the "B" final.
Finals: The "A" final consisted of the top six boats, awarding medals and 4th through 6th place. The "B" final featured the next four boats, ranking them 7th through 10th.
Schedule
All times are Eastern Daylight Time (UTC-4)
Results
Semifinals
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Repechage
Repechage heat 1
Repechage heat 2
Finals
Final B
Final A
References
Sources
Rowing at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Men's events at the 1996 Summer Olympics
F2008 may refer to:
Ferrari F2008, a Formula One car
Fortran, a programming language
The Gecarcinidae, the land crabs, are a family of true crabs that are adapted for terrestrial existence. Similar to all other crabs, land crabs possess a series of gills. In addition, the part of the carapace covering the gills is inflated and equipped with blood vessels. These organs extract oxygen from the air, analogous to the vertebrate lungs. Adult land crabs are terrestrial, but visit the sea periodically, where they breed and their larvae develop. Land crabs are tropical omnivores which sometimes cause considerable damage to crops. Most land crabs have one of their claws larger than the other.
The family contains these genera:
Cardisoma
Discoplax
Epigrapsus
Gecarcinus
Gecarcoidea
Johngarthia
Tuerkayana
See also
Sesarmidae, another family of terrestrial crabs
Coenobitidae, terrestrial hermit crabs
References
Encarta Reference Library Premium 2005 DVD.
External links
Grapsoidea
Decapod families
Jivan Daulat Singh Lotay (born 25 July 1990) is an English former first-class cricketer.
Lotay was born at High Wycombe in July 1990. They later studied at Anglia Ruskin University, where they played five first-class matches for Cambridge UCCE/MCCU in 2009 and 2010. They scored 87 runs in their five matches, at an average of 17.40 and a high score of 34 not out. With their off break bowling, they took 7 wickets with best figures of 3 for 147. After graduating from Anglia Ruskin, they became an optometrist.
Notes and references
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from High Wycombe
Alumni of Anglia Ruskin University
English cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
British sportspeople of Indian descent
British Asian cricketers
I Hope You're Happy is the ninth studio album by American band Blue October, released on August 17, 2018 on Up/Down and Brando Records.
The album peaked at number 28 on the Billboard 200.
Development and promotion
The album was crowdsourced, like all of their albums from Any Man in America (2011) onwards. For this album, Blue October hosted its crowdsourcing campaign independently. The album was recorded during the winter of 2017–2018 at Justin Furstenfeld's Up/Down Studios. Although Furstenfeld had co-produced every Blue October album since 2006's Foiled, I Hope You're Happy marks the first Blue October album which Furstenfeld completely produced without any outside co-producers. The first single from the album, the title track, was released January 12, 2018.
The song "I Hope You're Happy" was the first to be recorded for the album, and was fully mixed and mastered by the end of 2017 in order to push it to radio in early 2018. As of May 2018, the song has reached number 17 on the Mediabase alternative rock chart. A video for the song was released February 22, 2018. The remainder of the album wrapped up recording in mid-January 2018, with overdubs and early mixing occurring on Justin Furstenfeld's tour bus for their one-man show to promote their Open Book Winter Album in January–February 2018. Final mixing by Tim Palmer and Eric Holtz occurred in March and April 2018, and the album was mastered in mid-April 2018. "Daylight" is described as edgy and full of energy, and "I Want to Come Back Home" is described as a pop-y song with a kicking beat for a song with sad lyrics.
Critical reception
James Christopher Monger of AllMusic found I Hope You're Happy to be "[s]teeped in optimism", providing "lush electronic flourishes, sumptuous string arrangements, feel-good choruses, and big, arena-sized hooks".
Kyle Kohner of Riff Magazine described the album as "an earnest attempt at spreading positivity", remarking on the dramatic difference in both the lyrics and "glossy" new sound of I Hope You're Happy compared with their earlier work. Kohner also noted the album's "fun riffs", "catchy" choruses, and "clean and crisp" mixing, as well as the "blissful orchestral atmosphere" and prominent use of strings, synths, and drum machine. Although they found the lyrics to sometimes be simplistic, overall Kohner liked the album and felt that it had an "inspiring" backstory.
Yvonne Glasgow of Side Stage Magazine gave the album five stars, commenting that "I Hope You're Happy" has a "creative edge that borders on gothic darkness and synth pop" and yet is consistent with "today's pop and rock stylings". They also felt that although Blue October's sound had changed somewhat over time, even the album's more pop-oriented songs have some of the edge found in their older work, and that there is "still something deeper here, even in the love songs". They described the album's songs as "lyrically magnificent", and felt that readers should "expect to be inspired" when listening to the album.
Track listing
Track listing adapted from Allmusic
Personnel
Justin Furstenfeld – vocals, guitar, producer
Jeremy Furstenfeld – drums
Matthew Ostrander – guitar
Matt Noveskey – bass
Ryan Delahoussaye – violin, keyboards
Will Knaak - guitar (track 9)
Collin Shook – keyboard
Steve Schiltz – guitar
Eric Holtz – engineering, mixing
Tim Palmer – mixing
Mark Needham – mixing (tracks 1, 5)
Damien Lewis - mixing (tracks 4, 8, 10)
Phil Tan – mixing (tracks 2, 3, 9, 11, 12)
Chris Barber – album art, photography
Tim Beck – album art
Marshall Breedlove - assistant engineer
Colin Leonard - mastering
Charts
I Hope You're Happy
"I Hope You're Happy" was released as the album's lead single on January 12, 2018. The song peaked at number 13 on the US Billboard Hot Rock Songs chart, at number 15 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay chart, and at number 35 on the Billboard Adult Pop Songs chart. The official video for the song was released on February 22, 2018, and has over 12 million views as of June 2022.
Weekly charts
References
2018 albums
Blue October albums
Overcoming Life's Disappointments () is a 2006 book by Harold Kushner, a Conservative rabbi. Kushner addresses in the book the question of how to cope when disappointing things happen to you. They use Biblical examples, such as how Moses coped with being denied entrance to The Promised Land, as well as secular examples, such as how Abraham Lincoln coped with depression. The emphasis is on the common disappointments faced by many throughout life, such as the breakup of a marriage, death of a loved one, loss of a job, or financial reversals.
Rabbi Kushner's book was a New York Times bestseller for many months in the "nonfiction" category.
Recognition
New York Times bestseller, "nonfiction"
References
External links
Rabbi Harold Kushner talks and gives stories in relation to their latest book Overcoming Life's Disappointments (video)
2006 non-fiction books
Religious studies books
Pseudatteria molybdophanes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange. The markings are leaden grey. The hindwings are orange, tinged yellow costally. The wing base, the spots along the edges and across the middle of the wing are black.
Etymology
The species name refers to the colouration of the forewing and is derived from Greek molybdon (meaning "lead") and phanes (meaning "having the appearance of").
References
Moths described in 2008
Pseudatteria
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Jicheng or Ji City may refer to:
Jicheng (Beijing) (/), an ancient city now part of Beijing
Jicheng (), an ancient city now part of Yi County, Liaoning
Jicheng (), ancient city in western China known for the Siege of Jicheng in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms
Jicheng, Shanxi (), town in Yushe County
Jicheng Road Subdistrict (), Jinshui District, Zhengzhou, Henan
Jurupa Valley (Serrano: Hurumpa) is a city in the northwest corner of Riverside County, California. It was the location of one of the earliest non-native settlements in the county, Rancho Jurupa. The Rancho was initially an outpost of the Mission San Gabriel Arcángel, then a Mexican land grant in 1838. The name is derived from a Native American village that existed in the area prior to the arrival of Europeans.
On March 8, 2011, voters approved a ballot measure, Measure A, to incorporate and form the city of Jurupa Valley. The effective date of incorporation was July 1, 2011. Residents of the area had previously voted on incorporation in 1992, but rejected that measure, along with a competing ballot measure that would have incorporated Mira Loma.
The city of Jurupa Valley covers approximately , and had a population of 105,053 as of the 2020 census. It is bordered by the cities of Eastvale, Norco, and Riverside in Riverside County and the cities of Ontario, Fontana, Rialto, and Colton in neighboring San Bernardino County.
History
Etymology
Although there was no geographic feature or town officially named Jurupa Valley prior to the establishment of the city in 2011, the term Jurupa Valley is known to have been used as early as 1887 when referring to lands along the northeast side of the Santa Ana River opposite the city of Riverside. The name Jurupa was derived from the 1838 Mexican land grant Rancho Jurupa, which the Jurupa Valley area had been part of. The Rancho in turn derived its name from a previous Jurupa rancho operated by the Mission San Gabriel Arcángel, until the mission was disbanded through the Mexican secularization act of 1833. The first rancho was named for the Native American village Jurupa that existed in the area prior to the arrival of European colonizers. Both Serrano and Gabrieleño Indians lived in the area. The Gabrieleño referred to the village as Jurungna or Hurungna.
The exact meaning of the word Jurupa is disputed. The 1890 book, An Illustrated History of Southern California, states that the word Jurupa was a greeting, meaning ″peace and friendship″, used by the Native Americans when the first Catholic priest visited the area. In 1902 Father Juan Caballeria, in their History of San Bernardino Valley; From the Padres to the Pioneer, states that the word was derived from Jurumpa, meaning watering place. Later linguistic studies concluded that the name likely refers to Juru, the Artemisia californica (California sagebrush), common in the area.
Incorporation
On June 2, 1992, under measures E, F, and G, the first effort to form a city was voted down by the electorate. Measure E, whether or not to incorporate Jurupa and Mira Loma, lost 76% to 24%. Measure F, whether to vote city council members by district or at large, if incorporation passed, was 69% district, and 31% at large. Measure G, the selection of a city name, had the following results; Jurupa 40%, Rancho Jurupa 23%, West Riverside 21%, and Camino Real 16%. At the time Jurupa was described as including the neighborhoods of Rubidoux, Pedley and Glen Avon.
On March 8, 2011, a second proposal for incorporation was put before the voters. This time the measure passed with 54% voting yes, 46% voting no, and with an effective date of July 1, 2011. At the time the new city was estimated to have a population of 88,000, and included the communities of Mira Loma, Glen Avon, Sky Country, Indian Hills, Pedley, Rubidoux, Belltown, Jurupa, Jurupa Hills, and Sunnyslope.
The city immediately faced the possibility of disincorporation when the State of California passed Senate Bill 89, which shifted millions of dollars of vehicle license fees away from cities. The new city struggled for several years, and in 2014 notified the Riverside County Local Agency Formation Commission that it might be necessary to disincorporate. In September 2015, Senate Bill 25 was passed by the California Assembly and Senate to restore funding to cities, but was vetoed by then Governor Jerry Brown. Later in the month Senate Bill 107 was signed by the governor. It remediated many of the outstanding debts of Jurupa Valley, as well as three other recently incorporated cities in Riverside County.
Historic events
Between 1926 and 1928 the Wineville Chicken Coop Murders, a series of abductions and murders of young boys, took place within Jurupa Valley city limits. At the time the community of Wineville was unincorporated. Today it is the Jurupa Valley neighborhood of Mira Loma.
The Stringfellow Acid Pits, a toxic waste dump, and a Superfund site, became the center of national news coverage in the early 1980s.
Demographics
According to the United States Census Bureau, as of July 1, 2021, the estimated population was 105,053 with 71.4% of the population of Jurupa Valley being Hispanic or Latino, 20.6% of the population being White non-Hispanic, 3.2% of the population being Black or African American, 3.6% of the population being Asian, and 3.6% of the population is of two races or more.
Government
Federal:
In the House of Representatives, the vast majority of Jurupa Valley is part of the 41st Congressional District, represented by Democrat Mark Takano.
A small portion of the city is located in 42nd Congressional District, represented by Republican Ken Calvert.
California is represented in the United States Senate by Democrats Dianne Feinstein and Alex Padilla.
State:
In the California State Legislature, Jurupa Valley is located in the 31st Senate District, represented by Democrat Richard Roth, and in the 60th Assembly District, represented by Democrat Sabrina Cervantes.
Local:
Jurupa Valley is the Second District in Riverside County and is represented by Board of Supervisor Karen Spiegel.
The area parks are served and maintained by the Jurupa Area Recreation and Parks District.
Utilities:
Water and Sanitation is provided by the Jurupa Community Services District and Rubidoux Community Services District.
Education
Jurupa Valley is home to the Jurupa Unified School District. The district operates 16 elementary schools, four middle schools, three continuation schools, and four high schools, including:
Jurupa Valley High School
Rubidoux High School
Patriot High School
Rivercrest Preparatory
Transportation
Public transportation in Jurupa Valley is provided by Riverside Transit Agency. Also, Jurupa Valley/Pedley station (formerly Pedley Station) is served by Metrolink. Jurupa Valley is home to Flabob Airport, a small public-use airport. However, commercial flights are served by the nearby Ontario International Airport.
The major freeways in Jurupa Valley are Interstate 15, which serves as the city's western border, and California State Route 60, which runs along the northern side of the city.
Culture, sports & recreation
Notable sites include:
Galleano Winery
Jensen Alvarado Ranch
Jurupa Mountains Discovery Center
Rancho Jurupa Regional Park
The Cove Waterpark
Golf facilities:
Goose Creek Golf Club
Indian Hills Country Club
Jurupa Hills Country Club
Oak Quarry Golf Club
Paradise Knolls Golf Course
Geography
Jurupa Valley is located north and west of the Santa Ana River across from Riverside, California, south of the Riverside–San Bernardino county line, and east of Interstate 15. It includes the nine distinct neighborhoods, or communities, of Belltown, Crestmore Heights, Glen Avon, Indian Hills, Jurupa Hills, Pedley, Rubidoux, Sunnyslope, and Mira Loma.
Climate
References
Bibliography
Citations
External links
Cities in Riverside County, California
Incorporated cities and towns in California
Populated places established in 2011
2011 establishments in California
The Sweetest Days is the third studio album by American singer Vanessa Williams, released on December 6, 1994, by Wing Records and Mercury Records. The album peaked at number 57 on the US Billboard 200 and at number 25 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, and has been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
The album includes the singles "You Can't Run", "Betcha Never", "The Way That You Love", and the title track. It also includes the first recording of the song "Higher Ground" later covered by Barbra Streisand as the title track from their 1997 self-titled album, as well as cover versions of songs previously recorded by Patti Austin and Sting. The album was re-released in 1995 with the additional track "Colors of the Wind", the theme from the Disney animated film Pocahontas.
"The Way That You Love" and "You Can't Run" were nominated at the 1995 Grammy Awards for Best R&B Vocal Performance, Female and Best R&B Song, respectively.
Track listing
Notes
signifies a co-producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1994 albums
Albums produced by Babyface (musician)
Albums produced by Brian McKnight
Albums recorded at Capitol Studios
Albums recorded at Electric Lady Studios
Albums recorded at Westlake Recording Studios
Mercury Records albums
Vanessa Williams albums
Wing Records albums
Port of Lost Dreams is a 1934 American drama film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring William Boyd, Lola Lane and George F. Marion.
Cast
William Boyd as Lars Christensen
Lola Lane as Molly Deshon / Molly Clark Christensen
George F. Marion as Capt. Morgan Rock
Edward Gargan as Porky the Freda's 'Crew'
Harold Huber as Louis Constolos
Robert Elliott as Lt. Andersen
Evelyn Carter Carrington as Mother McGee, Bar Owner
Charles C. Wilson as Warden
Robert Frazer as Radio Announcer
Lafe McKee as Justice of the Peace
Lew Kelly as First Hospital Detective
Eddie Phillips as Constolos' Lawyer
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1934 films
1934 drama films
American drama films
Films directed by Frank R. Strayer
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The Stillwater Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Stillwater River in Old Town north of downtown Orono in Penobscot County, Maine. As a part of the Penobscot River restoration and the removal of the Great Works and Veazie dams, the Stillwater Dam and the Orono Dam will be upgraded to maintain previous levels of power generation.
References
Dams in Maine
Buildings and structures in Old Town, Maine
Hydroelectric power plants in Maine
Dams completed in 1937
George Simonds Boulger (1853–1922) was an English botanist. Boulger wrote articles as the Kew Gardens Correspondent of The Times, and other works on botany and natural history.
Life
George Boulger was the son of Edward Boulger MD. They were a cousin of the sculptor, George Blackall Simonds. They were educated at Wellington College and Epsom College and the Middle Temple. At the age of 23 they became Professor of Natural History at the Royal Agricultural College, Cirencester, and after holding the chair for 30 years they were appointed Honorary Professor.
They had also been Lecturer on Botany and Geology at the City of London College, since 1884, and at the Imperial Institute since 1917. Professor Boulger was an active member of public associations for natural history and botany, the Selborne Society, the Essex Field Club, the South-Eastern Union of Scientific Societies.
Works
Boulger's works were published in many editions, these were: The Uses of Plants (1889), Familiar Trees, Biographical Index of British and Irish Botanists (with James Britten), The Country Month by Month: (with Jean Allan Owen), Elementary Geology, Flowers of the Field, Flowers of the Wood, Botany, Plant Geography, British Flowering Plants (with Mrs. Henry Perrin), and Wood (1902).
The Uses of Plants talks about commercial uses of plants in fields such as food production and medicine,
Wood discusses about the characteristics and many uses of wood, describing and illustrating various classification and durability of many different types of timber。
Family
Boulger married Dorothy Havers in 1879, the daughter of Thomas Havers, of Thelton Hall, Norfolk. They wrote children's literature, under the pen name "Theo. Gift," primarily stories for girls.
References
attribution
adapted from Times obit., unknown contributor
English botanists
The Times people
English botanical writers
1853 births
1922 deaths
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
Malakheti is a town in Attariya Municipality in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. The formerly Malakheti, Shreepur, Beladevipur, Geta Village Development Committees were merged to form the new municipality since 18 May 2014. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8938 living in 1523 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Iris Ponciano del Río (born 22 June 1995) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward for Rayo Vallecano.
Club career
Ponciano started their career at Rayo Vallecano B.
References
External links
Profile at La Liga
1995 births
Living people
Women's association football forwards
Spanish women's footballers
Footballers from Madrid
Rayo Vallecano Femenino players
Primera División (women) players
The Fraser River (in French: rivière Fraser) crosses the municipality of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The confluence of the Moulin river constitutes the source of the Alick River which flows on the south bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter first flows southwest, then northeast to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Moulin river are ː
north side: Alick River, Dominique stream;
east side: rivière des Cèdres, Noire North-West River;
south side: Gabriel River;
west side: rivière du Pin.
The river of the Moulin takes its source from a small lake on the northern slope of a mountain of Notre Dame Mountains, in the fifth rang, north of the village of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy. This source is located on the east side of route 283 and east of the center of the village of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy.
From its source, the Moulin river "flows over according to the following segments:
north, then west, to the fifth rang road;
west, to Highway 283 South;
north-west, crossing route 216 and along 2e rang road (on the west side), to the path of third rang;
north-west, up to the first rang road;
, up to its confluence which also constitutes the confluence of the Dominique stream. These two confluences form the source of the Alick River.
The confluence of the Moulin River "is located almost at the limit of the municipalities of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire and Saint-Paul-de-Montminy. This confluence is located at south of the center of the village of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire, at east of the village of Sainte-Euphémie-sur-Rivière-du-Sud and north of the center of the village of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière du Moulin was made official on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Karen Volkman (born January 1967, in Miami Beach, Florida) is an American poet.
Life
They were educated at New College of Florida, Syracuse University, and the University of Houston.
Them poems have appeared in anthologies including The Best American Poetry, and The Pushcart Prize XXVII.
They have taught at several universities, including the University of Alabama, University of Pittsburgh, University of Chicago, and Columbia College Chicago. They currently live in Missoula, and teaches in the MFA writing program at the University of Montana-Missoula.
Awards
Spar, winner of the James Laughlin Award and the Iowa Poetry Prize
Crash's Law, selected for the National Poetry Series by Heather McHugh.
Work
Poetry books
Essays
References
External links
"Octaves, Ovations: A Conversation with Karen Volkman ", winter 2003
An Interview With Poet Karen Volkman", Nick Twemlow, 4.12.02, Poets & Writers
'Karen Volkman's "nomina"', January 04, 2009, Adam Fieled blog
Karen Volkman Featured poet at alittlepoetry.com
New College of Florida alumni
Syracuse University alumni
University of Houston alumni
University of Montana faculty
University of Alabama faculty
University of Pittsburgh faculty
University of Chicago faculty
Columbia College Chicago faculty
1967 births
Living people
American women poets
21st-century American poets
American women academics
21st-century American women writers
Zivovo is a former village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Villages in Prilep Municipality
The 1999 Skate Israel was the 5th edition of a senior-level international figure skating competition held in Metulla, Israel. It was held on December 7–11 at the Canada Centre. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
WD = Withdrawn
External links
results
Skate Israel at the Israel Ice Skating Federation
Skate Israel
Israel Skate 1999
Skate Israel 1999
Kya Dill Mein Hai is a Hindi language Indian drama television series which premiered on 1 December 2007 on 9X. The series stars Aamir Ali, Sanjeeda Sheikh and Abigail Jain.
Plot
The story centers around the life of an 18-year-old girl, Kakun, who goes against their parents wishes to marry a man of their dreams, Anurag. They face challenges to their goal. The entry of the lawyer Naina Oswal and how Rahul (Anurag's real name) falls for Naina and incidents that happen after that.
Cast
Aamir Ali as Rahul Punj / Anurag
Abigail Jain as Kakoon Rahul Punj
Sanjeeda Sheikh / Kratika Sengar as Naina Oberoi
Krystle D'Souza as Tamanna Punj
Anita Hassanandani as Tapur
Papiya Sengupta as mother of Kakoon and Naina
Deepak Qazir Kejriwal as Ghosh Babu
Anand Suryavanshi as Aniket
Sandeep Rajora as Siddharth
References
Balaji Telefilms television series
9X (TV channel) original programming
Indian drama television series
2007 Indian television series debuts
2008 Indian television series endings
Uroš Šerbec (born 15 February 1968) is a Slovenian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Slovenian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Slovenia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Celje
The BSA unit twins were a range of unit construction twin-cylinder motorcycles made by the Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) and aimed at the US market. A range of , and twins were produced between 1962 and 1972, but they were really developments of the older pre-unit A7/A10 model range with less weight. The engines had a reputation for vibration, but acceleration was good for the time, to a top speed of .
Models for the US generally had smaller petrol tanks and higher wider handlebars than the UK models, and prior to 1966 different model names were used for the two markets.
The 500cc models were discontinued in 1971 when the single cylinder B50 model was introduced.
The BSA Group faced worsening financial difficulties and in 1973 merged with Norton-Villiers. As part of a rationalisation by the newly formed Norton Villiers Triumph, production of BSA motorcycles ceased.
Design
Background
Precipitated by Lucas's intent to discontinue magnetos and dynamos in favour of alternators, BSA's managing director and general manager, Bob Fearon, took the opportunity to update the engines of BSA's twins and give them a new look. They hoped the new models would succeed in the potentially lucrative, but competitive, US market. Working with chief development engineer Bert Perrigo, they developed the unit construction twins using "The Power Egg" design concept.
Engines
Pre-unit, known as "non-unit" before unit construction, engines had their roots in history when motorcycle manufacturers bought engines and gearboxes from separate specialists suppliers and mounted them in their own frames. By the late 1950s, most manufacturers made their own engines and gearboxes, and were therefore able to combine the engine and gearbox in an integrated casting, producing a more compact unit.
Perrigo's design team based the new engine on the old A7/A10 engines. To streamline production and keep costs down, as many parts as possible were common between the engine sizes. The 500 and 650 engines shared the same stroke () and cylinder spacing, so the bottom half of the engine could be common to both sizes. (The A7 and A10 models had used different strokes and cylinder spacing, so crankshaft and crankcases were not interchangeable between them). Among the improvements in the new engines were pushrod passages in the cylinder block casting, which reduced the risk of oil leaks, and pillars holding the rocker spindles cast into the head, leading to better valve clearance control. Primary drive was by a triplex chain rather than the single row chain of the previous models and rubber inserts were added to the clutch for a smoother transmission.
Although the older engines used a roller bearing on the drive side of the crankshaft, the new engine used a caged ball bearing. On the timing side a plain bearing was retained but increased in size. This arrangement proved troublesome and the ball bearing was replaced with a roller bearing in 1966.
Cycle parts
A new frame was designed for the more compact unit construction engine. The frame followed the lines of the frame for the older models; a half-duplex cradle with a single spine. The new frame was all welded. The rear swinging arm was controlled by Girling 3 position adjustable shock absorbers. BSA's own forks were used, which had compression damping only. The front brake was 7" drum on the 500 model and 8" on the 650, although later 500s were fitted with the 8" brake.
The new model had a wheelbase of , 2" shorter than its predecessor.
Overview of models
Notes
Timeline
1962
500 and 650cc models launched with common cycle parts except the front brake, which was 7" on the 500 and 8" on the 650. The 500cc model was designated "Star" and the 650 "Star" in the UK and "Royal Star" in the US.
1963
The 500 model's name was changed to "Royal Star" in the US.
1964
Two new 500 models were introduced in the US. Both with twin carburettors and were designated the "Cyclone Road" and the "Cyclone Competition". The road version was fitted with a sports cam and the competition version was devoid of lights and had a higher compression ratio and a race cam. Both had the 8" front brake from the 650.
A new, higher performance 650 model, the "Rocket" in the UK and "Thunderbird Rocket" in the US was introduced. A twin carb version, the "Lightning Rocket" was introduced in the US. These two models replaced the pre-unit "Golden Flash" and "Super Rocket" models that were discontinued this year.
A 650 version of the Cyclone Competition was also introduced in the US and called the "Spitfire Hornet". This was a replacement for the discontinued pre-unit "Spitfire Scrambler".
Police equipped versions of both the 500 and 650 were also introduced.
1965
The Cyclone models were made available in the UK as was the Lightning Rocket, although called "Lightning" in the UK. The Lightning Rocket/Lightning has a higher compression ratio than the previous year's model.
A limited edition "Lightning Clubman" was introduced. This featured siamese exhaust, clubman handlebars, rearset footrests and a close-ratio gearbox. It was designed for production racing. A 500cc version was also produced, the "Cyclone Clubman".
Crankshaft main bearings had been unreliable, in an effort to resolve this problem roller bearing were introduced on the drive side and an improved bronze bush on the timing side.
1966
1966 saw the rationalisation of the range and also the end to calling the same model different names in different countries:
The 500cc Star (UK) and Royal Star (US) became the Royal Star in all areas, and was fitted with the 8" front brake of the rest of the range.
The Cyclone models were renamed "Wasp"
The 650 Star (UK) and Royal Star (US) models were discontinued
The Rocket (UK) and Thunderbolt Rocket (US) became the Thunderbolt
The Lightning (UK) and Lightning Rocket (US) became the Lightning
The police models were discontinued although BSA continued to supply motorcycles to police forces but to that force's individual requirements.
The US only Spitfire Hornet was renamed "Hornet" to avoid confusion with the newly introduced high performance "Spitfire" model.
The high performance Spitfire model, designated Mk II, featured 10.5:1 compression ratio, a pair of Amal 1-5/32” GP2 carbs on open bell-mouths and a close-ratio gearbox.
All models were upgraded to 12v electrics in this year.
1967
The Wasp models were discontinued, leaving the Royal Star as the only 500 model.
The Spitfire evolved into the MK III model with the compression ratio reduced to 9:1 and the carbs changed to the new Amal Concentrics. These changes gave improved starting and tractability at low speeds.
New forks with 2-way damping were introduced.
1968
The US only Hornet offroader was discontinued and a new model, the "Firebird Scrambler", was introduced in all sales areas.
All models were fitted with twin leading shoe front brakes and carburettors changed to Amal Concentrics. The Spitfire evolved into the Mk IV.
1969
With the introduction of the flagship Rocket 3 750cc triple, BSA decided that there was no longer a need for the top of the range 650 twin and the Spitfire was discontinued.
1970
Apart from minor cosmetic changes, the range remained the same for 1970.
1971
With the introduction of the 500cc single cylinder B50 model, the Royal Star was discontinued.
The 650s were given new cycle parts, including the "oil-bearing frame". Apart from cosmetic items, the cycle parts were shared with the Triumph twins. (Triumph was a subsidiary of BSA).
To produce a 750cc machine for AMA Class C racing, BSA lengthened the stroke of Lightning's crankshaft by 11mm to give a displacement of 751cc. 202 A70 Lightning machines were produced to meet the minimum production requirements. All were exported to the US, most to the East Coast distributor in Baltimore.
1972
By 1972 BSA were in serious financial trouble and the Firebird Scrambler was discontinued in an attempt to reduce costs.
1973
With rival British motorcycle manufacturer, Norton-Villiers, also in financial trouble, the British government funded a rescue package that merged the two companies into a new company Norton Villiers Triumph (NVT). As part of the rationalisation of the products of the new company, NVT stopped production of BSA models.
Other models
E35 Fury
The 'BSA Fury was a prototype motorcycle made in 1970. Designed by Edward Turner but substantially redesigned by Bert Hopwood and Doug Hele, the Fury never went into commercial production due to the collapse of the BSA Group.
Launched in 1971, the double overhead cam twin BSA E35 was branded the BSA Fury. It was essentially the same motorcycle as the Triumph Bandit and represented the BSA factory's last attempt to compete against Japanese imports. The frame used for the Fury was designed by Rob North, designer of the frames used on the racing BSA triples. A 'Street Scrambler' E35SS and road version the E35R were developed during 1971. Featuring upswept twin silencers, the SS had an optional electric starter and indicators and 26 mm Amal concentric carburettors. The Fury delivered and could reach .
T65 Thunderbolt
In order to fulfil existing export orders after production of the BSA twins had stopped, between 200 and 300 Triumph TR6 Trophys were rebadged as BSA T65 Thunderbolt and exported to Spain and Australia.
Further reading
References
Unit twins
Motorcycles introduced in 1962
Motorcycles powered by straight-twin engines
This is a list of the wings organised by the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
Numbered wings
No. 1 Wing RAAF
No. 21 Wing RAAF
No. 22 Wing RAAF
No. 24 Wing RAAF
No. 34 Wing RAAF
No. 41 Wing RAAF
No. 42 Wing RAAF
No. 44 Wing RAAF
No. 61 Wing RAAF
No. 62 Wing RAAF
No. 71 Wing RAAF
No. 72 Wing RAAF
No. 73 Wing RAAF
No. 75 Wing RAAF
No. 76 Wing RAAF
No. 77 Wing RAAF
No. 78 Wing RAAF
No. 79 Wing RAAF
No. 80 Wing RAAF
No. 81 Wing RAAF
No. 82 Wing RAAF
No. 83 Wing RAAF
No. 84 Wing RAAF
No. 85 Wing RAAF
No. 86 Wing RAAF
No. 90 Wing RAAF
No. 91 Wing RAAF
No. 92 Wing RAAF
No. 95 Wing RAAF
No. 96 Wing RAAF
No. 97 Wing RAAF
No. 301 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 302 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 303 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 304 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 305 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 306 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 307 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 321 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 322 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 323 Air Base Wing RAAF
No. 324 Air Base Wing RAAF (contingency unit, not permanently established)
No. 325 Air Base Wing RAAF (contingency unit, not permanently established))
No. 326 Air Base Wing RAAF (contingency unit, not permanently established))
No. 327 Air Base Wing RAAF (contingency unit, not permanently established))
No. 395 Expeditionary Combat Support Wing RAAF
No. 396 Expeditionary Combat Support Wing RAAF
No. 402 Wing RAAF
No. 481 Wing RAAF
No. 501 Wing RAAF
No. 503 Wing RAAF
Named wings
Airfield Defence Wing RAAF
Air System Development and Test Wing RAAF
Air Training Wing RAAF
Ground Training Wing RAAF
Health Services Wing RAAF
Information Warfare Directorate RAAF
INTERFET Combined Air Wing/No. 96 Combined Air Wing RAAF
Operational Support Wing RAAF
Reserve Training Wing RAAF
Search and Rescue Wing RAAF
See also
Structure of the Royal Australian Air Force
Notes
References
Australian Air Force wings
Air
Royal Australian Air Force lists
American Auto is an American television sitcom created by Justin Spitzer, that premiered on NBC on December 13, 2021. In May 2022, the series was renewed for a second season.
Premise
The series follows the employees of Detroit-based Payne Motors, and the company's struggles after a new CEO who knows little about cars is hired from the pharmaceutical industry.
Cast and characters
Main
Ana Gasteyer as Katherine Hastings, Payne Motors' new CEO. Classic corporate shark who jump from one company to another. Before that they were in a pharmacology company and often try to make a parallel between that and car industry, but they know nothing about cars.
Harriet Dyer as Sadie Ryan, Payne Motors' CCO
Jon Barinholtz as Wesley Payne, grandson of Payne Motors' retired CEO and brat-type who doesn't really have a job but show at headquarters everyday
Tye White as Jack Fortin, a former assembly-line employee brought in to help in the C-suite who is like a counselor to Hastings
Michael Benjamin Washington as Cyrus Knight, Payne's Chief Product Designer
Humphrey Ker as Elliot, Payne's Chief Counselor
X Mayo as Dori, Hastings' assistant and social media addict
Guest
Jeff Meacham as Brent
Christopher Chen as Jin Tao-Kang, CFO who hates Hastings and try to flee Volkswagen
Jerry Minor as Steve
Tom McGowan as Ed
Joshua Malina as Ted
Jim O'Heir as Governor Tom Harper
Andy Daly as Frank
Matt Murray as Bennett
Lombardo Boyar as Robin
Betsy Sodaro as Alex
Martha Kelly as Barb, a desk worker who starts to stalk Hastings
Ike Barinholtz as Landon Payne, who is in politics.
Brad Hall as Richard, Katherine's husband and a math teacher in a primary school. He's very supportive to their job until the charity dinner.
Ian Roberts as Charlie Altman
Jim Meskimen as Soren McGarry
Tom Bergeron as himself, roasting celebrities at the Payne charity dinnner
Marc Evan Jackson as Alan Strong
Episodes
Production
Development
American Auto has been in development since August 2013. TV writer Justin Spitzer, fresh off the success of The Office, wanted to produce a workplace comedy of their own, but would instead be set in the upper-management world. Spitzer sold their pitch to NBC, who put the idea as a put-pilot. The script did not go forward as a pilot, and Spitzer instead went to work on Superstore. After stepping down as showrunner of Superstore in April 2019 and signing an overall deal with Universal Television, Spitzer went back and redeveloped the American Auto script.
On January 23, 2020, it was given a pilot order by NBC. The pilot was directed by Jeffrey Blitz and written by Spitzer who was expected to executive produce alongside Aaron Kaplan and Dana Honor. Production companies involved with the series include Spitzer Holding Company, Kapital Entertainment and Universal Television. On January 12, 2021, it was announced that NBC had ordered the series. On May 12, 2022, NBC renewed the series for a second season.
Casting
In February 2020, Deadline reported Harriet Dyer had joined the cast as Sadie and later that Ana Gasteyer had also joined the cast as Katherine Hastings. In March, X Mayo joined the cast as Dori. In July, Tye White joined the cast as Jack, Michael B. Washington joined the cast as Cyrus, Humphrey Ker joined the cast as Elliot, and Jon Barinholtz joined the cast as Wesley.
Broadcast
The series premiered on December 13, 2021, at 10 p.m., with two "sneak [peek] episodes" and returned on January 4, 2022, in its regular time slot at 8 p.m. on Tuesdays.
Reception
Critical response
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 100% approval rating with an average rating of 6.1/10, based on 11 critic reviews. The website's critics consensus reads, "While American Autos hijinks don't bode well for the future of Payne Motors, they promise a hilarious sitcom with a solid foundation." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 68 out of 100 based on 11 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Ratings
Notes
References
External links
2020s American single-camera sitcoms
2020s American workplace comedy television series
2021 American television series debuts
Automotive television series
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Kapital Entertainment
Television series by Universal Television
Television shows set in Detroit
Mickaël Marvin Soriano Piétrus (; born February 7, 1982) is a French former professional basketball player. Listed at 6'6", 215 pounds, they played both the small forward and shooting guard positions. Piétrus was drafted by the Golden State Warriors with the 11th pick of the 2003 NBA draft, and is originally from Guadeloupe, a Caribbean island that is a part of France.
Piétrus is also known by the nicknames MP, Air France, Euro Jordan and Puma. They speak French, English, and Antillean Creole fluently.
Professional career
Pau-Orthez
With ÉB Pau-Orthez, Piétrus won the French League championship, in 2001 and 2003, as well as the French National Cup, in 2002 and 2003.
Golden State Warriors
After leaving their native France, Piétrus was drafted by the Golden State Warriors. They played there for five seasons with the last being the 07–08 season.
Orlando Magic
During the 2008 off-season, Piétrus was signed by the Orlando Magic.
In Piétrus's debut, they scored 20 points against the Atlanta Hawks. They continued to be a key player for the Orlando Magic, with one of their best games being against the Dallas Mavericks, where they made 5 three-point field goals to lead the Magic into a comeback and their first win in Dallas.
Piétrus helped the Magic throughout the 2009 NBA Playoffs where the team reached its second Finals appearance and was a successful defender against LeBron James. However, they struggled during the final series against the Los Angeles Lakers, as Kobe Bryant proved too much for them to handle as Orlando fell short in five games.
Phoenix Suns
On December 18, 2010, Piétrus was traded to the Phoenix Suns along with Vince Carter, Marcin Gortat, a 2011 first-round draft pick, and $3 million, for former Magic player Hedo Türkoğlu, Jason Richardson, and Earl Clark. On December 9, 2011, the Suns tried to trade Piétrus and $1 Million to the Toronto Raptors in exchange for a conditional second round draft pick. One day later, Toronto decided to suspend the trade because Piétrus had a problem with their right knee and it would take 2–4 weeks for it to heal. Piétrus was waived by the Suns on December 22, 2011.
Boston Celtics
Piétrus signed a $1.3 million deal with the Boston Celtics on December 24, 2011, two days after Phoenix waived him.
On March 23, 2012, Piétrus fell on the floor of the Wells Fargo Center, after being blocked on a layup. They were taken off by stretcher and was diagnosed with a grade three concussion, and ruled out until at least the playoffs. They had been averaging 6.8 points, 2.9 rebounds, and 0.7 assists per game, with the Celtics. They returned in a game against the Atlanta Hawks on April 11, 2012.
Toronto Raptors
On November 30, 2012, Piétrus signed with the Toronto Raptors. Their final NBA game ever was played on March 20th, 2013 in a 101 - 107 loss to the Charlotte Bobcats where they recorded 2 rebounds and 3 fouls.
Puerto Rico
On March 4, 2015, Piétrus signed with Mets de Guaynabo of Puerto Rico. On May 11, 2015, they were replaced in the line-up by Cedric Jackson.
SLUC Nancy Basket
On November 25, 2015, Piétrus signed with the French club SLUC Nancy Basket.
National team career
In September 2005, Piétrus won the bronze medal at the EuroBasket 2005, with the senior French national team. They also played at the 2006 FIBA World Championship.
Personal life
Piétrus' older brother, Florent, is also a professional basketball player.
Piétrus resides in Orlando, Florida. They spend their free time DJing at nightclubs.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Golden State
| 53 || 22 || 14.1 || .416 || .333 || .693 || 2.2 || .5 || .6 || .2 || 5.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Golden State
| 67 || 3 || 20.0 || .427 || .344 || .698 || 2.8 || 1.2 || .7 || .3 || 9.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Golden State
| 52 || 18 || 22.7 || .404 || .318 || .608 || 3.1 || .8 || .6 || .2 || 9.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Golden State
| 72 || 38 || 26.9 || .488 || .388 || .648 || 4.5 || .9 || .7 || .8 || 11.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Golden State
| 66 || 16 || 19.9 || .439 || .361 || .673 || 3.7 || .7 || 1.0 || .7 || 7.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 54 || 25 || 24.6 || .413 || .359 || .709 || 3.3 || 1.2 || .6 || .4 || 9.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 75 || 24 || 22.5 || .432 || .379 || .633 || 2.9 || .7 || .7 || .4 || 8.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 19 || 0 || 22.0 || .391 || .391 || .500 || 2.6 || .5 || .5 || .2 || 6.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Phoenix
| 38 || 4 || 18.1 || .392 || .342 || .706 || 2.0 || .6 || .5 || .5 || 7.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Boston
| 42 || 6 || 21.9 || .385 || .335 || .645 || 3.1 || .6 || .5 || .2 || 6.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Toronto
| 19 || 16 || 20.3 || .347 || .313 || .667 || 1.9 || .5 || .6 || .3 || 5.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 557 || 172 || 21.5 || .425 || .355 || .665 || 3.1 || .8 || .7 || .4 || 8.3
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2007
| style="text-align:left;"| Golden State
| 11 || 0 || 19.0 || .347 || .259 || .694 || 3.8 || .5 || .5 || .8 || 6.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2009
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 24 || 0 || 25.8 || .483 || .385 || .723 || 2.6 || .6 || .8 || .5 || 10.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2010
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 14 || 0 || 20.1 || .438 || .459 || .667 || 1.4 || .7 || .6 || .4 || 8.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012
| style="text-align:left;"| Boston
| 20 || 1 || 19.6 || .329 || .222 || .563 || 2.0 || .1 || .7 || .3 || 3.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 69 || 1 || 21.8 || .426 || .353 || .687 || 2.4 || .5 || .7 || .5 || 7.3
See also
List of French NBA players
List of European basketball players in the United States
References
External links
NBA.com profile
Official Website
NBA.com: Prospect Profile: Mickael Pietrus
1982 births
Living people
2006 FIBA World Championship players
Black French sportspeople
Boston Celtics players
Élan Béarnais players
French expatriate basketball people in Canada
French expatriate basketball people in the United States
French men's basketball players
French people of Guadeloupean descent
Golden State Warriors draft picks
Golden State Warriors players
Guadeloupean men's basketball players
National Basketball Association players from France
Orlando Magic players
People from Les Abymes
Phoenix Suns players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Toronto Raptors players
Marjorie May "Maggie" Siggins (born 28 May 1942) is a Canadian journalist and writer. They were a recipient of the 1992 Governor General's Award for Literary Merit for their non-fiction work Revenge of the Land: A Century of Greed, Tragedy and Murder on a Saskatchewan Farm. They were also the recipient of the 1986 Arthur Ellis Award for "Best true crime book" for their work A Canadian Tragedy, about the involvement of former Saskatchewan politician Colin Thatcher in the murder of their wife JoAnn Wilson. The book was later adapted into the television miniseries Love and Hate: The Story of Colin and JoAnn Thatcher.
Siggins is also noted as the author of a controversial biography of Louis Riel entitled Riel: A Life of Revolution. In Them Own time: A Class Reunion Inspires a Cultural History of Women and Bitter Embrace:White Society's Assault on the Woodland Cree are their last two books. Both Revenge of the Land and A Canadian Tragedy were adapted as television mini-series by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
 They are also the former chair of the Writers' Union of Canada.
Literary works
(Published in French under the title Riel: une vie de révolution, Québec-Amérique, 1997.)
(Published in French under the title Marie-Anne, La vie extraordinaire de la grand-mère de Louis Riel, Le Septentrion, 2011.)
References
External links
A brief biography and bibliography
1942 births
Living people
20th-century Canadian historians
Canadian journalists
Governor General's Award-winning non-fiction writers
21st-century Canadian historians
Toronto Metropolitan University alumni
Writers from Toronto
Canadian women historians
Peter Barton may refer to:
Peter Barton (actor) (born 1956), American actor
Peter Barton (cricketer) (born 1941), New Zealand cricketer
Peter Barton (historian) (born 1955), British military historian
Peter Barton (rugby league), rugby league footballer of the 1960s
Peter Barton, Liberty Media president
E le stelle stanno a guardare is a 1971 Italian adaptation of A. J. Cronin's 1935 novel The Stars Look Down. It was written and directed by Anton Giulio Majano and was produced by Radiotelevisione Italiana. The dramatization starred Orso Maria Guerrini as Davey Fenwick, Andrea Checchi as Robert Fenwick, Giancarlo Giannini as Arthur Barras, and Anna Maria Guarnieri as Jenny Sunley.
See also
The Stars Look Down (1939 film)
The Stars Look Down (1975 British miniseries)
External links
Italian drama television series
Television shows based on British novels
1970s Italian television series
1971 Italian television series debuts
Television series set in the 20th century
Television shows based on works by A. J. Cronin
Serhii Vasylovych Kivalov (; born 1 May 1954) is a Ukrainian politician and jurist who served as the head of Central Election Commission during the 2004 Ukrainian presidential election which led to the Orange Revolution.
Along with Vadym Kolesnichenko, they are the co-author of the bill On principles of the state language policy adopted in 2012.
From the 1998 Ukrainian parliamentary election until the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election, Kivalov was a member of the Verkhovna Rada. In 2019 they lost re-election as an independent candidate in single-seat constituency 135 (Odesa Oblast).
Notes
References
1954 births
Living people
People from Tiraspol
Moldovan emigrants to Ukraine
Odesa University academic personnel
Party of Regions politicians
Eighth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Seventh convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Sixth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Fifth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Fourth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Third convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Ukrainian jurists
21st-century Ukrainian politicians
Members of election commissions
Central Election Commission (Ukraine)
Recipients of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 4th class
Recipients of the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 5th class
Recipients of the Order of Merit (Ukraine), 1st class
Recipients of the Order of Merit (Ukraine), 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of Merit (Ukraine), 3rd class
Recipients of the Medal of Pushkin
Commanders of the National Order of the Cedar
Ural State Law University alumni
Laureates of the State Prize of Ukraine in the field of education
Recipients of the Honorary Diploma of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine
GS I Love You: Japanese Garage Bands of the 1960s is a compilation album featuring songs from the Group sounds (or GS) movement in Japan during the 1960s, which was essentially the Japanese variant of garage and psychedelic rock. Japan, like many Western countries, experienced a beat boom in the 1960s as a result of the British Invasion, particularly in the wake of the Beatles' 1966 visit to the country. Though the Japanese beat craze blossomed slightly later than in the West, it stretched well into the end of the decade, with groups continuing to play in the beat/garage style after it had fallen out of favor elsewhere. Surf rock, which had been popular in Japan since before the arrival of the Beatles continued to exert influence on the music throughout the decade. Bands typically sang in both Japanese and English. GS I Love You was issued in 1996 by Big Beat Records and is available on compact disc. It features 28 tracks originally released on the Crown and Teichiku labels and is the first installment in the series, which currently is made up of two entries--the second of which is GS I Love You Too. The series is noted for good mastering and high sound quality. The brightly colored psychedelic style packaging includes English liner notes on the inside providing biographical information about the groups and their songs.
The Outcast open the set with the hard-driving "You Got a Call Me" and supply additional fuzz-drenched mayhem in subsequent cuts such as "Everything's Alright", "Let's Go on the Beach", "Bokuno Sobakara", then close out the set with three tracks, ending with "Jane Jane". The Spiders, who are perhaps the best-known group on the compilation, appear in several places such as "Dynamite", "Furi Furi", and their version of the Surfaris' classic surf instrumental, "Wipe Out". The Blue Jeans' "One More Please" aptly fuses pop and primitivism. The Cougars do "Aphrodite" and "Suki Nanda". The group, Playboy, are featured on two cuts "Shevidevi de Yuko" and "Kaette Okure". The Swing West performs "Kokoro No Tokimeki (Ajoen Ajoen) in Janpanese, then tackles a rendition of Arthur Brown's "Fire". The Burns tip their hats to the Beatles in "I Saw Them Standing There" and the Voltage cover Issac Hayes' soul classic made famous by Sam & Dave, "Hold On! I'm Comin'".
Track listing
The Outcast: "You Gat a Call Me" 2:44
The Outcast: "Everything's Alright" (Nickey Crouch/Keith Karlson/John Konrad) 2:10
The Spiders: "Dynamite" 2:52
The Spiders: "Monkey Dance" 2:36
The Blue Jeans: "One More Please" 2:53
The Terrys: "Stop Dance" 2:26
Playboy: "Shevidevi de Yuko" 2:16
Playboy: "Kaette Okure" 2:17
The Swing West: "Kokoro No Tokimeki (Ajoen Ajoen) 2:37
The Swing West: "Fire" (Arthur Brown/Vincent Crane/Mike Finesilver/Peter Ker) 2:50
The Rangers: "Let's Go Rangers" 1:59
Napoleon: "Koi O Kesunda" 2:44
The Cougars: "Aphrodite" 2:30
Cougars: "Suki Nanda" 3:33
The Spiders: "Wipe Out" (Bob Berryhill/Patrick Connolly/Jim Fuller/Ron Wilson) 2:34
The Spiders: "Furi Furi" 3:10
The Burns: "I Saw Them Standing There" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney) 2:51
The Days & Nights: "Bara O Anokoni" 2:54
The Outcast: "Let's Go on the Beach" 2:47
The Outcast: "Bokuno Sobakara" 2:32
The Voltage: "Hold On! I'm Comin'" (Isaac Hayes/David Porter) 2:58
The Cougars: "J & A" 2:55
The Spiders: "Seishun a Go-Go" 2:22
The Van-Dogs: "Hey Girl" (Don Backy) 3:11
The Toys: "Omiyasan" 2:45
The Outcast: "Long Tall Sally" (Robert "Bumps" Blackwell/Enotris Johnson/Richard Penniman/ Little Richard) 2:53
The Outcast: "Kimamana Shelly" 2:18
The Outcast w/ Miki Obata: "Jane Jane" (Miki Obata) 2:36
References
1996 compilation albums
Garage rock compilation albums
Illinois v. Rodriguez, 497 U.S. 177 (1990), is a U.S. Supreme Court case dealing with the issue of whether a warrantless search conducted pursuant to third party consent violates the Fourth Amendment when the third party does not actually possess common authority over the premises.
Opinion of the Court
In an opinion by Justice Scalia and decided 6–3, the Court held that a warrantless search of premises, when a third party consents to the search but does not possess actual common authority over those premises, is valid if the authorities "reasonably believed" at the time of the search that the third party possessed common authority over the premises.
In reaching its decision, the Court noted that "reasonableness," not consent, is the touchstone of Fourth Amendment jurisprudence; the Constitution only prohibits "unreasonable" searches and seizures. Therefore, the constitutional validity of a police determination of consent to enter is not judged by whether the police were correct in their assessment, but by whether, based on the facts available at the moment, it was reasonable to conclude that the consenting party had authority over the premises.
See also
United States v. Matlock (1974)
Georgia v. Randolph (2006)
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 497
List of United States Supreme Court cases
Lists of United States Supreme Court cases by volume
List of United States Supreme Court cases by the Rehnquist Court
Further reading
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
United States Fourth Amendment case law
1990 in United States case law
Kostinbrod ( ) is a town in western Bulgaria. It is the seat of Kostinbrod Municipality. It is located 15 km west of the capital city of Sofia. It is located on two important transport corridors: Lom — Sofia — Thessaloniki and Sofia — Belgrade. The international railway line to Western Europe passes through the municipality, with a train stop at Kostinbrod Station.
The town is crossed by two rivers, the Blato in the north and the Belitsa in the south, both tributaries of the Iskar River.
According to the legends, the town was founded by a certain Georgi, who settled near the crossing (брод, brod) of the Belitsa, thus giving the name to the town (Kostinbrod means "Georgi's ford"). There they opened a pub that became popular among the merchants arriving in the capital, some of them settling and organizing a village, whose centre of the time is now located west of the road between Sofia and Lom. Historically, an early reference to the locality (as ГеоргиЪ БРОДЪ) can be found in Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria's Oryahov Charter of 1 December 1348.
The economy of Kostinbrod was largely based on poultry farming and stock breeding during the Communist period, but a number of factories, including a 120,000 m² Coca-Cola one, have emerged in democratic times due to the town's favourable position and the liberal zoning policy of the municipality.
Kostinbrod is also known for the mineral waters in the area. Thermae were built in the Izvoro country in Roman times.
History
Kostinbrod has been known for its mineral waters since Roman times. To the south of it, on its outskirts, passed an ancient Roman road to Constantinople. In the Izvoro area, opposite today's Coca-Cola plant, there was a Roman bath, the remains of which are still visible today.
In Kostinbrod there are two unique ancient monuments - the late Roman Residence Skretiska (palatium Scretisca) of Constantine the Great and the Road Station Skretiska (Mutatio Scretisca) (the first stop west of Serdica on the ancient trans-Balkan diagonal road), as well as the early Byzantine settlement Krati. In antiquity, this area was fertile, near a hot mineral spring and an important road to the right bank of the Belitsa River, a tributary of the Blato River. -Important periods: Residence Skretiska (IV-V century AD), Unfortified village, Early Byzantine fortified settlement Kratiskara.
There are many reasons why researchers refer to the fact that the Residence Skretiska was the preferred place of residence of Constantine the Great during their visits to Serdica and that it originated as an imperial residence, among which is that the years of its construction coincide with the beginning of their long stays in Serdica, and their famous phrase "Serdica is my Rome!" is well known. Among the materials from the end of the 3rd - beginning of the 4th century, discovered during the archeological research in 1973 - 1978 under the direction of arch. Violeta Bozhilova paleoornithologist Prof. Zlatozar Boev has found a well-preserved skull of a Great white pelican Pelecanus onocrotalus. Probably the residence was maintained by the governor of the province of Serdica. It is also possible that the palatium / praetorium Scretisca was used by the bishops-delegates of the Council of Serdica (343).
The main architectural complex of the residence - palatium Scretisca, is one of the most impressive examples of representative late Roman residential architecture (141/110 m) - the most remarkable country residence in the province of Inner Dacia or Mediterranean Dacia (Inner Dacia or Dacia Mediterranea) in hinterland of its capital Serdica and the largest, among the known peristyle residential complexes from the Antiquity of the Balkans with a large hall (aula), dining room (triclinum) with a complicated, probably triconch plan, numerous living quarters (cubicula), bathhouse ( balneum), a huge yard (peristylium) with an area of 4.5 decares, with a garden (hortus) and monumental entrances. The total area of the floor mosaics found in the northern peristyle exceeds 1000 m², and the total length of the peristyle and the outer southern portico is more than 400 m. The residence is the core of an impressive villa complex and the center of an impressive mansion (fundus dominium). A round plan (diameter 32 m), tentatively called "Rotunda" (Bozhilova / Vitski, 1985), probably with memorial or cult functions, located 100 m south of the residence, as well as a necropolis, were also studied. A strong ubiquitous fire destroyed the residence, which coincided with the time for which, according to written sources, during the Hun invasions in the 1940s, Serdica was also damaged.
The road station Sretisca ("Mutatio per / ad Scretisca") - "for the residence" is located 1000 m south of the residence, it was probably built for its service with the main purpose taberna - inn with several rooms and a courtyard. Scretisca is mentioned in the guidebook Hinerarium Burdigalense (333). The earliest coins found here date from the time of Emperor Constantine the Great.
The early Byzantine fortified settlement of Kratiskara (ΚΡΑΤΙΣΚΑΡΑ) retained with small changes the name of the Roman residence and the name of the Roman station Scretisca, and during its construction the remains of the earlier residence were reused. It probably appeared in the second quarter of the 6th century AD, mentioned in the sources by Procopius of Caesarea as πολιχνιον (town) of ΚΡΑΤΙΣΚΑΡΑ, on the remains of the Roman residence and played the role of a local administrative center. Life probably stopped during the Slavic invasions in the late 70's - early 80's of the VI century AD. Valuable evidence of the fortification system, construction, fortress towers, residential and guard rooms has been preserved.
According to legend, the town of Kostinbrod was founded by a man named Kosta, who long ago settled near the ford across the Belitsa River (now at the entrance to the city from the direction of Sofia). There they built a roadside pub, and the place became a favorite for many merchants arriving in the capital. People began to call it Kostinbrod for a short time, instead of "on the ford at Costa". The village of Kostinbrod was gradually established. Today the center of the then village is located east of Lom road. Also nearby is the Shiyakovo Monastery, where Vasil Levski founded a revolutionary committee.
During the years of socialism, the idea was to turn Kostinbrod into a big city. That is why the village is united with the neighboring villages of Shiyakovtsi and Maslovo (today neighborhoods of the town). People from the Balkan villages in the area are also settling in the new town. Even today, starting west from Lomski Pat, deviating at the crossroads "Belitsa" in the direction of the neighborhoods "Shiyakovtsi" and "Maslovo", you have to travel about 4 km on the road, which on both sides has several rows of houses.
The Maslovo neighborhood occupies the northwestern part of the city, between the Shiyakovtsi neighborhood and the village of Petarch. There is a stadium and a dam.
Over the years, Kostinbrod has been known as the city with the utopian ideas of the Bulgarian Communist Party for great successes in poultry and animal husbandry. Near the territory of the municipality there are an institute of poultry farming, a poultry factory, an institute of animal husbandry, hybrid centers. Earlier, the largest institute of berry crops on the Balkan Peninsula was located here. Under the patronage of Todor Zhivkov, one of the largest institutes of its time was established, called the Institute for Cereals and Feed Industry, which is in critical condition today. In the 1990s, many of the other institutes ceased operations.
Gallery
External links
Kostinbrod.start.bg
Towns in Bulgaria
Populated places in Sofia Province
Jovan Tanasijević (Cyrillic: Јован Танасијевић; born 20 January 1978) is a former Montenegrin international footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Tanasijević made their senior debut for their hometown side Priština, before transferring to Vojvodina in the 1998 winter transfer window. They spent five years with the club, amassing over 100 appearances in the First League of FR Yugoslavia.
Between 2003 and 2009, Tanasijević played regularly for Russian club Dynamo Moscow, aside from a season-long loan to Rostov in 2006. They also briefly played for Salyut Belgorod in 2010. After a short spell with Inđija in 2011, Tanasijević decided to retire from the game.
International career
Tanasijević represented FR Yugoslavia in January 2001 at the Millennium Super Soccer Cup in India. They helped the team win the tournament, making three appearances in the process.
In March 2007, Tanasijević made their full international debut for Montenegro in their country's first ever competitive match on 24 March 2007, a friendly against Hungary in Podgorica. They were capped 13 times for Montenegro. Their final international was a June 2009 FIFA World Cup qualification match away against Cyprus.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pristina
Association football central defenders
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Serbia and Montenegro under-21 international footballers
Serbia and Montenegro international footballers
Montenegrin footballers
Montenegro international footballers
Dual internationalists (football)
FC Prishtina players
FK Vojvodina players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
FC Rostov players
FC Salyut Belgorod players
FK Inđija players
Second League of Serbia and Montenegro players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Montenegrin expatriate footballers
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Russia
The Edict of July, also known as the Edict of Saint-Germain was a decree of limited tolerance promulgated by the regent of France, Catherine de' Medici, in July 1561. Whilst it emphasised a continued commitment to banning Huguenot worship in France, it granted pardon for all religious offenses since the reign of Henry II, who had died two years earlier, which was a victory for the Protestant community. A further Protestant victory was in the reaffirmation of the removal of the death penalty for heresy cases. The edict would be overtaken by events, and ultimately left unenforced as France moved first to the landmark Edict of Saint-Germain and then into the Wars of Religion.
Legislative background
During the reign of Henry II of France, several attempts were made to clamp down on Protestantism, which had been growing in France whilst Henry was distracted by the Habsburg–Valois Wars. This manifested in the Edicts of Chateaubriand, Ecouen and Compiègne. The substance of these being to push France on a more Spanish approach to heresy, with the re-establishment of the Chambre Ardente and the sending out of special commissioners to tackle heresy cases. This program of repression was cut short with Henry's sudden early death during a joust in 1559. Whilst a similar policy was attempted under their sickly son Francis II this was abandoned by 1560, with the Edict of Amboise (1560) pardoning those convicted of heresy offenses, provided they returned to good Catholic lives and the Edict of Romorantin in May, which moved heresy cases to ecclesiastical courts, which couldn't give death penalties.
When Francis in turn died in December 1560 this program of liberalising was accelerated, as Catherine de' Medici, Gaspard II de Coligny and Michel de l'Hôpital took the reigns of government for the young Charles IX. In the Edict of 19 April Hopital outlawed the use of hostile religious epithets such as 'Papiste' and 'Huguenot.' They also limited the rights of investigators to search private property. Heretics in exile would be allowed to return if they lived as good Catholics or sell their property whilst in exile. The Parlement of Paris reacted incredulously to this law, attacking it first on procedural grounds, given it had been sent to the Bailli and Senechaussee courts, before moving onto substantive critiques, accusing the King of approving diversity of religion, acting contrary to previous edicts, and funding the enemies of France through allowing exiles to sell their property. The court remonstrated the King to this effect.
On June 11 the crown received a petition from Huguenots unsatisfied with this Edict of 19 April, asking for temples to worship in. The petition stated that the libellous rumours about what Huguenots got up to in their secret services would dissipate if they could worship in public temples. At the same time the Parlement and the ultra grandees pressured for a retreat from the April 19 Edict. Catherine decided to host a pourparler to address this petition and policy more broadly.
Tensions in France
Concurrently to the legislative efforts proposed by the crown and Parlement, the situation was deteriorating fast in the capital and the country more broadly. Beginning in 1557 popular religious violence was a feature of the capital with the attack on the service held in St Jacques after the loss at the battle of St. Quentin. This accelerated with the trial and execution of Anne du Bourg in 1559. This high profile execution of a Parlementaire precipitated the Saint Medard riot in December of that year and the assassination of President Minard. Continued clashes occurred at Popincourt in April 1561 around Lent. This was furthered in a scandalous discovery of Protestant services being held at the house of Michel Gaillard, with the duc de Longueville and Catherine de Medici's cousin in attendance. As this was happening at the same time as Hopital was legislating against house searches the two were interpreted to be connected by the Catholic population. Students assaulted the Gaillard house, as Protestant gentlemen rushed to their defence, leading to a two day riot. The Parlement ordered Gaillard to vacate Paris on April 28, on pain of being declared a rebel.
Meanwhile the situation in the broader country was also deteriorating, with churches being seized by the Protestants in their southern strongholds such as Millau and Montauban. It is in this context that the crown pushed towards more edicts on the matter of religion.
The pourparler
The queen referred the petition they received first to the privy council, which suggested it was a matter for the Parlements to discuss. Yet the queen and their allies, conscious of the Parlement's conservativism, were unwilling to pursue this route, and decided instead to host a pourparler, to be attended by 150 grandees and magistrates of the realm. The pourparler would occur in twenty three sessions between 23 June and 17 July and was framed by Hopital not on grounds of religion but rather methods of pacifying the discord in France. Both Guise brothers were present and they argued in favour of the 'moderate conservative' position, no tolerance to Protestantism, but no return to the era of burnings with support for a national council to solve the churches ills. Admiral Coligny and the Chancellor meanwhile advocated that this was simply unworkable and proposed toleration as a temporary necessity at least. Tournon championed the old guard, though by this point they were very frail and senile, denouncing the idea of a national council.
Matters became heated between Coligny and Guise on the issue of tolerance, with the duke saying on the matter that they "would not keep their sword sheathed forever" if toleration was granted. Eventually it came down to a vote, with the decision to not offer tolerance but allow Protestants to sell their goods before leaving the kingdom winning by a majority of 3 votes. After the vote Catherine oversaw the burning of the anonymous ballots, so that no one might become compromised for the position they had taken.
Terms of the edict
In its most fundamental aspect, the edict confirmed the ban on Protestant worship in France. However there were many moderate concessions made, such that the ultras were perceived to have lost the discussions.
Firstly corporal punishment was ended as a punishment for crimes of heresy. Both private and public religious meetings also remained banned on pain of confiscation of property. However in reinforcement of the edict of April 19, civilian subjects were prohibited from investigating what was going on in the house of a neighbour, a matter only for the police. The edict of Romorantin's removal of heresy as a crime only for the ecclesiastical courts was again endorsed. Whereas Romorantin had technically left the door open for the death penalty through case referral to the secular courts from the ecclesiastical for sentencing, this loophole was now ended. Banishment was to be the harshest punishment for heresy, and a false accuser was to receive the same punishment as would their target had they been guilty. Amnesty was granted for past religious offenses that were not armed and a ban on firearms in urban areas was established with a penalty of 50 crowns.Prohibition established on the carrying of daggers or swords unless the subject is a gentleman.
All terms of the edict were to be provisional, waiting for either a national council of the clergy or a general council of the church.
Enforcement
The Parlement of Paris registered the edict of July provisionally, whilst reserving the right to remonstrate against it later, before turning their attention to what they felt was the far more egregious ordinance of Orléans. The edict would see only limited enforcement, whilst the courts would continue to abide by the lack of death sentences for heresy, the prohibited on possession of firearms and Protestant services proved far harder to enforce. This was partly due to local authorities who were unwilling or no longer able to act against such services, and partly a royal policy to allow such discreet worship, despite the terms of the edict. The royal governor of Paris Charles, Prince of La Roche-sur-Yon turned a deaf ear to complaints from Parlement about Protestant prêches occurring in and around the city. Matters would reach a head in December 1561, with Protestants and Catholics again clashing at rival services near Saint Medard, with two dying as a result. Demonstrating a failure of the edict to quell religious violence as it had intended.
In January 1562, the crown made the edict obsolete, and thus ended any enforcement of it, with the establishment of the edict of Saint-Germain.
Subsequent events
With the passage of the edict of Saint-Germain, a more full recognition of a Huguenot presence in France was granted, and Huguenot worship legalised outside of the cities of the kingdom. The edict was much more vigorously opposed by the Parlements who held out on registration for over 30 days, and many Catholic grandees, and would ultimately hold for but a few months before the Duke of Guise would perpetrate the Massacre of Vassy bringing France towards a civil war. Over the following 30 years, there would be many edicts outlining different interpretations of the rights of the Huguenots in France, before finally the Edict of Nantes.
See also
Edict of Compiègne
Edict of Saint-Germain
French Wars of Religion
Edict of Nantes
References
Edicts of the Ancien Régime
Religion in the Ancien Régime
1561 in France
Christianity and law in the 16th century
1561 in law
Treaties of the Kingdom of France
Preston is a neighborhood located in Cary, North Carolina. It is the largest neighborhood in Cary, and one of the largest in Wake County.
Preston was founded in 1993 by the SAS Institute. In 1992, SAS decided to start a neighborhood in the area, which would be called "Preston".
Preston is composed of many small neighborhoods, such as Preston Glenn, and Preston Pines. In general, Preston is considered affluent and educated.
Preston is known for its golf courses. The Prestonwood Country Club is located in Preston. The neighborhood is notable for events such as the SAS tournament that SAS started in 2000 after they had founded the neighborhood.
Neighborhoods in North Carolina
Geography of Cary, North Carolina
Populated places established in 1993
Gyobingauk Township is a township in Tharrawaddy District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Gyobingauk.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Tharrawaddy District
Custom House is a railway station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) – on which it is branded Custom House for ExCeL – and on the Elizabeth line, by the Royal Docks, in Custom House in the London Borough of Newham, London, England. It is situated in Travelcard Zone 3. It takes its name from the old Custom House, which formerly stood nearby, and ExCeL London which it serves.
It is adjacent to the site of an older Custom House station built by the Eastern Counties Railway in 1855 and closed in 2006. These were replaced by new Elizabeth line platforms, which opened on 24 May 2022, along with the rest of the central section. As a result of the Crossrail development, the Custom House DLR station was closed from February 2017 until 7 January 2018.
History
The original Custom House station was opened in 1855, by the Eastern Counties Railway (ECR) on the Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway (ECTJR) line which was built to link the Eastern Counties Railway at Stratford with the developing London docks of the mid-nineteenth century. The ECTJR was formally absorbed by the ECR in 1847.
By the 1860s the railways in East Anglia were in financial trouble, and most were leased to the ECR; they wished to amalgamate formally, but could not obtain government agreement for this until 1862, when the Great Eastern Railway was formed by amalgamation. Thus Custom House became a GER station in 1862.
On 14 October 1872 a branch to Beckton Gas Works opened to freight, the line diverging just to the east of the station. Passenger services commenced 17 March 1874 generally running from Stratford (Low Level platforms) or Stratford Market stations.
On 3 August 1880 the branch to Gallions was opened by the St Katherine's and London Docks Company although initially trains terminated at Central before being extended to Gallions in November of that year. The dock company acquired three former London & North Western Railway 2-4-0T locomotives to operate a shuttle service between Custom House and Gallions.
The station was situated between housing to the north and exchange sidings for the dock system to the south (which opened in 1877). It was rebuilt in 1891 and was a three platform affair with a bay platform at the east end for Gallions Branch services. The station building was on the north side of the line and linked to the southbound platform by a footbridge. There was a shelter on the up platform and a signal box at the east end of the station.
Following the Railway Grouping of 1923 Custom House station became part of the London & North Eastern Railway.
During the Second World War the station was bombed in the London Blitz on 7 September 1940. The Gallions and Beckton branches were also heavily bombed and the passenger service was withdrawn at this time.
Following nationalisation in 1948 Custom House became part of British Railways (Eastern Region).
Passenger numbers fell during the 1950s and 1960s as the docks declined and car ownership grew. Eventually the service was reduced to a shuttle between Stratford (Low Level) platforms and North Woolwich generally operated by two car DMUs.
In 1969 the station building was demolished and replaced by a shelter.
In 1973 a government report on the redevelopment of London's Docklands proposed an extension of the unbuilt Fleet line from Charing Cross via Fenchurch Street to Beckton, with stations on each side at North Greenwich and Beckton. The proposal was developed during the 1970s as the Fleet line developed into the Jubilee line. The route was approved in 1980 with the main route running via Silvertown to Woolwich Arsenal and the Beckton route planned to operate as a shuttle service from Customs House. Financial constraints meant that the route was not proceeded with. By the start of the 1990s new plans had been developed to extend the Jubilee line on a route south of the River Thames towards Stratford.
In 1978 it was announced a new service would be operated linking North Woolwich, Custom House and Stratford to Camden and this commenced on 14 May 1979. The line was electrified by British Rail in 1985 and this allowed through running from Richmond to North Woolwich.
In 1986 the line became part of Network SouthEast.
Following privatisation of the railways in 1994 the track through Custom House became the responsibility of Railtrack whilst train operations became the part of North London Railways (part of National Express) on 3 March 1997. This company was re-branded as Silverlink in September of that year.
The adjacent Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station opened on 28 March 1994 as part of the extension to Beckton.
In 2002 following financial difficulties at Railtrack, Network Rail took over responsibility for the operation of the infrastructure around the station.
The original Custom House station was closed on Saturday 9 December 2006 along with Silvertown and North Woolwich. The area was by now well served by the Docklands Light Railway and this was also due to take over the track bed of the old ECTJR up to Stratford railway station.
Custom House Engine Shed
This engine shed was located to the east of the station and on the south side of the line. The three track engine shed was built in 1881 by the London and St Katherine Docks Company after a fire had destroyed an earlier wooden structure.
Early locomotives tended to be a series of second hand locomotives including some from the London and North Western Railway which tended to work passenger services on the Gallions branch and would have been seen at the GER station.
The main duties undertaken by the shed's locomotives were shunting the various sidings, wharves and factories around the Victoria and Albert docks.
In 1889 the shed passed to the London and India Docks Joint Committee following the merger of some of the dock companies.
The dock company's locomotives stopped working passenger services on the Gallions Branch from 1903 and services were then worked by the GER although occasionally Custom House locomotives did help out.
Six years later in 1909 the remaining dock companies were all merged under the umbrella of the Port of London Authority who became responsible for the operation of the shed and rail network in the docks.
From time to time shunting locomotives from the Great Eastern (later LNER and British Railway) shed as Stratford were hired in to cover shortages.
By the mid-1920s the locomotive stock allocated to Custom House consisted of:
Seven Robert Stephenson 0-6-0STs
Two Manning Wardle 0-6-0STs
Six Andrew Barclay 0-6-0Ts
Seventeen Hudswell Clarke 0-6-0Ts
The first diesel engines (from the Yorkshire Engine Company) appeared in 1959 and a handful of steam engines were retained until 1963 (mainly for the banana traffic; the bananas were ripened en route by means of heating pipes in the vans, fed by steam from the locomotive). The reign of the diesels was short lived as the docks were in rapid decline and on 1 May 1970 the PLA system and Custom House shed closed.
Today
Design
It is linked to the main entrance of the ExCeL Exhibition Centre by an overhead walkway, which also connects to the Royal Victoria Dock Bridge, spanning the Royal Victoria Dock to its southern side.
Location
It is the principal public transport access to the ExCeL Exhibition Centre and its adjacent complex of hotels, restaurants and bars.
Services
Docklands Light Railway
The typical off-peak Docklands Light Railway service in trains per hour is:
6 tph to Tower Gateway via Canning Town
6 tph to Beckton
During the weekday peak hours, services are increased to 7-8 tph in each direction.
Elizabeth line
Elizabeth line services began calling at Custom House on 24 May 2022 and all services are operated using EMUs.
The current service in trains per hour is:
12 tph to
12 tph to
Elizabeth line trains currently only run between 06:00 and 23:00 on weekdays and Saturdays. There is currently no Sunday service on the Elizabeth line although this is due to commence in Autumn 2022.
Connections
London Buses routes 147, 241, 300, 304, 325, 474, school route 678 and night route N551 serve the station.
References
External links
Docklands Light Railway website – Custom House station page
Disused Stations: Custom House
Docklands Light Railway stations in the London Borough of Newham
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1855
Railway stations served by the Elizabeth line
Former Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway stations
Railway depots in London
Station
Unbuilt London Underground stations
Proposed London Underground stations
They Dog (Lakota: Šúŋka Bloká) (ca. 1840–1936). A member of the Oglala Lakota, They Dog was closely associated with Crazy Horse during the Great Sioux War of 1876-77.
Biography
Born in the spring of 1840 on the headwaters of the Cheyenne River near the Black Hills, They Dog was the son of a headman named Black Stone and their wife, Blue Day, a sister of Red Cloud. Their youngest brother was Grant Short Bull. By the 1860s, They Dog and their brothers had formed a small Oglala Lakota band known as the Cankahuhan or Soreback Band which was closely associated with Red Cloud's Bad Face band of Oglala.
They Dog and their relatives participated in the Great Sioux War of 1876-77. After the treaty commission failed to persuade the Lakota to give up the Black Hills, the President had an ultimatum sent in January 1876 to the northern bands to come into the agencies or be forced in by the army. They Dog was encamped with the Soreback band on the Tongue River when the message was delivered. They Dog's brother, Short Bull, later recalled that the majority of the northern Oglala resolved to head in to the Red Cloud Agency in the spring, after their last big buffalo hunt. In March 1876, They Dog married a young woman named Rock (Inyan) and with part of the Soreback Band, stopped briefly with the Northern Cheyenne encamped on the Powder River in Wyoming Territory. On the morning of March 17, 1876, a column of troops under Colonel Joseph J. Reynolds attacked. "This attack was the turning point of the situation," Short Bull later recalled. "If it had not been for that attack by Crook on Powder River, we would have come in to the agency that spring, and there would have been no Sioux war."
During the summer of 1876, They Dog participated in Battle of the Rosebud and Battle of the Little Bighorn. They also fought at Slim Buttes in September 1876 and Wolf Mountain in January 1877. They finally surrendered at the Red Cloud Agency with Crazy Horse in May 1877. Following the killing of Crazy Horse, They Dog accompanied the Oglala to Washington, D.C. as a delegate to meet the President.
They Dog and other members of the Soreback Band fled the Red Cloud Agency after its removal to the Missouri River during the winter of 1877-78. Crossing into Canada, they joined Sitting Bull in exile for the next two years. Most of the northern Oglala surrendered at Fort Keogh in 1880 and were then transferred to the Standing Rock Agency in the summer of 1881. They Dog and all the northern Oglala were finally transferred to the Pine Ridge Reservation to join their relatives in the spring of 1882.
They Dog lived the remainder of their life on the Pine Ridge Reservation. They served as a respected Indian judge and later in life, was interviewed by a number of historians, including Walter Mason Camp, Eleanor Hinman and Mari Sandoz. They died in 1936 between the ages of 95 or 96.
Portraits
By D. S. Mitchell, 1877.
By Mathew Brady, Washington, D.C., 1877. Library of Congress
By Charles M. Bell, Washington, D.C., 1877. Smithsonian Institution and Oglala Lakota College.
By Charles M. Bell, Washington, D.C., 1877. Smithsonian Institution and Oglala Lakota College.
By Alexander Gardner, Washington, D.C., 1877. Smithsonian Institution and Oglala Lakota College.
By L. T. Butterfield, Sioux Fall, SD, 1891. Denver Public Library and Yale University and at New York Public Library.
Photographer and date unknown, circa. 1928. Oglala Lakota College.
Photographer and date unknown, circa. 1928. Oglala Lakota College.
They Dog's house, Pine Ridge Reservation, 1928. Photographer unknown. Oglala Lakota College.
Misidentified Portraits
By John A. Anderson, circa. 1900. Library of Congress. This portrait is actually of a Brulé headman also named They Dog.
Interviews
They Dog interview, July 13, 1910, with Walter Mason Camp, on the Battle of the Little Bighorn.
They Dog Interview, August 1920, with Gen. H. L. Scott.
They Dog Interviews with Eleanor Hinman, 1930
Notes
Bibliography
Dickson, Ephriam. 2006. "Reconstructing the Indian Village on the Little Bighorn: The Cankahuhan or Soreback Band, Oglala " Greasy Grass, vol. 22 no. 1: 2-14
1830 births
1930 deaths
Native American people of the Indian Wars
Lakota leaders
Zaebos is a demon or spirit in the Dictionnaire Infernal. Zaebos is said to be the Grand Count of the infernal realms, and appears in the shape of a handsome soldier mounted on a crocodile.
References
External links
www.deliriumsrealm.com
Demons
Jorge Gibson Brown (3 April 1880 – 3 January 1936) was an Argentine footballer of Scottish ancestry, who was one of the most important figures in the early years of the sport in that country. During their career, they won a total of 21 titles playing for Alumni and Quilmes and captained the Argentina national team between 1908 and 1913.
Biography
Jorge started playing football in the reserve team of the English High School A.C. team. In 1896 they joined Club Palermo where they played until 1897 when they moved to Lanús Athletic Club.
In 1900 they returned to the English High School A.C. where they were part of the team that won the 1900 league championship. In 1901 the club changed its name to "Alumni Athletic Club" and over the following decade the club dominated Argentine football, winning 9 of the 12 championships between 1900 and its dissolution in 1911.
Jorge Brown made their debut for the Argentina national team on 20 July 1902, being part of the line-up that played Uruguay in the Albion Football Club field, playing as forward and even scoring a goal. They went on to make 23 appearances, scoring four goals. Brown also captained the team for 18 matches between 1908 and 1913.
After the dissolution of Alumni, Jorge Brown joined Quilmes where they won the 1912 league championship. They played for the club until 1914.
Between 1914 and 1927 they played cricket competing at the "Liga de los Sábados" (Saturday League), a local competition where they captained Buenos Aires Cricket Club, an institution they would go on to serve as president. Brown played in the cricket league during 13 years.
Brown had four brothers who were also Argentine international players; Alfredo, Carlos, Eliseo and Ernesto, as well as one cousin, Juan Domingo. Two other brothers, Diego and Tomás, were also footballers.
Honours
Brown won a total of 21 titles during their career, 20 with Alumni and 1 with Quilmes.
Alumni:
Primera División: 1900, 1902, 1903, 1905, 1906, 1907, 1909, 1910, 1911
Copa de Competencia Jockey Club: 1907, 1908, 1909
Copa de Honor Municipalidad de Buenos Aires: 1905, 1906
Tie Cup: 1903, 1906, 1907, 1908, 1909
Copa de Honor Cousenier: 1906
Quilmes:
Primera División: 1912
See also
Alfredo Brown
Carlos Brown
Eliseo Brown
Ernesto Brown
Juan Domingo Brown
Diego Brown
Tomás Brown
Alumni Athletic Club
References
1880 births
1936 deaths
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Association football defenders
Association football forwards
Argentine Primera División players
Club Atlético Lanús footballers
Quilmes Atlético Club footballers
Alumni Athletic Club players
Argentine people of Scottish descent
Brown family (Argentina)
The Wild Soccer Bunch is a series of fourteen children's novels written by the German author Joachim Masannek, who was inspired to write the series during their years as a youth soccer coach. The books, originally written in German and published under the title Die Wilden Fußballkerle, chronicle the adventures of a fictional youth soccer team called The Wild Soccer Bunch. They are illustrated by Jan Birck.
In the English translation of the Wild Soccer Bunch stories, the events take place in a small neighborhood in Chicago.
Background
Joachim Masannek
Joachim Masannek studied philosophy and German studies at the University of Television and Film Munich. They received awards for In Liebe, Catherine ("In Love, Catherine"), and Der Pampelmusenmod ("The Grapefruit Moon"), films that they produced as a student. After completing their studies, Masannek worked as a cameraman, screenwriter and director for film, television, and studio productions.
Masannek was the coach of a kids' soccer team, which inspired their creation of The Wild Soccer Bunch. Their mission is to encourage children worldwide to live by values they learn by playing the game of soccer: courage, teamwork, and friendship. They presently live in Munich with their sons, Leon and Marlon.
Jan Birck
Jan Birck began their career as a freelance illustrator in an atelier in Munich, working for renowned advertising agencies. During this time, they and their wife launched Dreamotion Media, a company that develops books, films, and DVDs. Birck has earned their reputation as one of the world's finest illustrators of children's books, with drawings that have appeared in hundreds of publications. They presently live in Munich with their wife and sons, Timo and Finn.
Plot
In the English translation of the Wild Soccer Bunch stories, the events take place in a small neighborhood in Chicago. The team is made up of a cast of colorful characters, each of them bonded by their passion for soccer. The team plays their beloved game according to five unbreakable rules: "1. Be Wild! 2. Everything's cool, as long as you're wild! 3. Never, ever give up! 4. One for all and all for one! 5. Once Wild, always wild!" The logo of the Wild Soccer Bunch is inspired by the original logo created by Masannek's children for their own soccer team.
Characters
The Wild Soccer Bunch
Leon the slalom dribbler, goal scorer and flash-pass-goal-preparer (attack): Leon is the leader of the Wild Soccer Bunch and is especially characterized by their will to win, their stubbornness and their loyalty towards the team. Initially, they were more fixed on their personal success. In the first volume, for example, they throw Raban and Joschka off the team, because they think they would jeopardize winning against the Unbeatable Winners. At the end of the first volume, however, they realize that the success of the team is more important to them than their own. On the one hand, their loyalty towards the Wild Soccer Bunch shows through their actions of always trying to help friends and fellow players out of difficult situations and, on the other hand, they have a negative attitude towards new members in the third volume. At first they do not want Vanessa or Deniz in the team until they are able to win them over with the help of a few team members. Their big idol is Gerd Müller, whose shirt number 13 Leon is wearing. Their best friend is Fabi, they are called the Golden Twins and they often play the attack together.
Fabi, the fastest right wing in the world (right wing): Fabi is Leon's best friend. Together they are the Golden Twins, the attack and goal machinery of the Wild Soccer Bunch. Unlike Leon, Fabi is already interested in girls. In the eighth volume Fabi is recruited by FC Bayern Munich, but when they realize how important their friends from the Wild Soccer Bunch are to him, they leaf FC Bayern Munich and the Wild Soccer Bunch wins an important game with their help.
Marlon, the number 10 (midfield): Marlon is Leon's brother.  They are the heart, the soul and the intuition of the team. When Marlon ruptured their cruciate ligament in volume 10, they lose confidence in their soccer career, declaring it to be over. By using a trick, the Wild Soccer Bunch take them to the Team Doctor of FC Bayern Munich where they find their intuition again. In the same book, Vanessa and Marlon have a crush on each other, which neither wants to admit.
Raban, the Hero ('Spare-goalscorer'): Raban wears glasses with very think lenses. Without them they basically would be blind which leads to their permanent position on the bench. In volume 6, they ask the great 'Soccer-oracle', if they will ever become a professional player. They are, however, not destined to become a player, but the manager of the Wild Soccer Bunch instead.
Markus, the Invincible (goalkeeper): Markus lives in a huge house with servant and money. Their father wants Markus to play golf instead of soccer, which is why Markus sneaks out to go to soccer practice.
Juli "Huckleberry" Fort Knox, a four-man backfield defence in one person (defence, last man): Juli plays in the defence and, furthermore, they built the three-level tree house of the Wild Soccer Bunch: Camelot, which is destroyed by Gonzo Gonzales, the head of the flamehats, in volume 9 but is rebuilt afterwards. In volume 4, Juli is blackmailed by 'Fat Michi'. With the help of their friends they escape the threat and finds their father, who they had not seen in years.
Joschka, the 7th cavalry (defense, very last man): Joschka is Julis's youngest brother. On their 7th birthday (Volume 9) they reclaim the Devil's pot from the flamehats.
Vanessa, the undaunted (midfield): Vanessa aims to be the first woman on the men's national soccer team. After they moved from Hamburg to Munich (Volume 3), they not only became a team member of the Wild Soccer Bunch, but also became one of the leaders together with Leon and Fabi.
Maxi "Tippkick" Maximilian, the man with the most powerful shot in the world (defensive midfield): Maxi doesn't talk. To them soccer means everything, but when it comes to their friends they are willing to sacrifice their freedom by submitting to being grounded for a whole week and being banned completely from playing soccer, even breaking their silence if they need to.
Deniz, the loco (striker, in fact everywhere): Deniz is a Turk. During their time with the Wild Soccer Bunch they learn that they need glasses (Volume 5), that they are not on their own and that friends are way more important than personal victories.
Jojo who dances with the sun (outside left): Jojo comes from an orphanage. They never owned proper soccer shoes and was playing soccer with patched sandals until they receive some as a gift in Book 11. Apart from that, they also learn that friendship is more important than material possessions.
Antagonists
"Gonzo" Gonzales, the pale vampire, is the leader of the flamehats, the skater gang of the boarding school "Nebelburg".
Fat Michi is the leader of the Unbeatable Winners. Due to the victory of the Wild Soccer Bunch, they became one of their friends even though they are still waiting to finally get their revenge.
The Beastly Beasts is a girls soccer team from Hamm. They challenged the Wild Soccer Bunch to a match to finally bear the title of "Wildest soccer team in the world". The game ties with 1:1, which results in the Wild Soccer Bunch keeping their title.
The Silverglades behind the mist live in the fog that is in front of the gates of Ragnarök. The fog comes around every year before the final game of the season. This is also a challenge Leon and the guys gladly accept.
The Shadow Seekers behind the horizon live in an old metal castle. The Shadow Seekers (Vampires) consist of Darkside, Blossom, Gyroscope, Terry, Mary, Jeckel and Hyde. In the Soccer63D, the Wild Soccer Bunch can not keep up with them, but in the final match, with the support of Maxi and Vanessa as vampires, they achieve victory.
The fat cousin is the older cousin of fat Michi. They live in the Black Hills and considers themselves the chief of the thieves.
The Wolves of Ragnarök are a football team that organizes the freestyle soccer contest. They have lived in the forest for three years.
International success
Since the first book was published in 2002, the Wild Soccer Bunch series has gained immense popularity and commercial success in German-speaking countries and around the world. To date, fourteen Wild Soccer Bunch books have been published in 30 countries, and over 9 million copies have been sold. Five live-action feature films have been produced, generating ten million box office admissions in German speaking territories alone.
English language edition
Five of the books - Kevin the Star Striker, Diego the Tornado, Zoe the Fearless, Julian the Mighty, and Max the Golden Boot - have been translated into English by Helga Schier, PhD, edited by American screenwriter and author Michael Part, and released in the US and Canada by Sole Books. These books are included in the Accelerated Reader program, and each contain a personal message from the American soccer player Landon Donovan, who has officially endorsed the series. Sole Books has offered a free copy of the first book, Kevin the Star Striker, to every school in America.
Adaptations
Joachim Masannek directed a series of six German live-action theatrical films inspired by the novels. The movies were released between 2003 and 2016. The second entry was distributed in the United States by Phase 4 Films in 2011.
A 26-episode animated television series produced by Betafilm began airing in Germany on ZDF beginning May 6, 2012. In the United States, the show started airing on Cartoon Network on October 10, 2012 and later on Primo TV on April 25, 2017.
References
External links
Official website of the English-language editions
Huffington Post - Landon Donovan on Playing Soccer & Library Giveaway
Publishers Weekly - Wild Soccer Bunch Comes to the USA
Series of children's books
German children's novels
German children's literature
Novels about association football
German novels adapted into films
Čepigovo is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Geography and location
The village is located in Prilep valley, of the broader Pelagonia valley, located 22.5 km southwest of Prilep.
History
Close to the village are the remains of the ancient city of Stibera, which existed from the 3rd century BC, until the 3rd century AD.
The village is mentioned in the Turkish census books from 1467/68, as part of the Vilayet-I Prilepe, under the name Čapugo, where 50 families and 2 unmarried men lived, all Christians.
It used to be part of the former municipality of Topolčani.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 162 inhabitants.
Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 160
Others 2
The following table is a summary of the demographics 1900-2002:
Families
All of the families have settled from elsewhere:
Debresliovci, settled from Debrešte in the 19th century; Bilevci, and Rtovci, formerly a single family, settled in the 19th century from the village of Poeševo, near Bitola; Marijovci, settled from a village in Mariovo; Belocrkvanci, settled after 1912 from the village of Bela Crkva, there they were named Prčkovci; Ilinci, settled from Ilino (Golemo or Malo); and Smilevci, settled from Babino, near Demir Hisar.
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
The 1923 Duquesne Dukes football team represented Duquesne University during the 1923 college football season. The head coach was Harold Ballin, coaching their second season with the Dukes.
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
Kim Gi-Dong (; born 12 January 1972 in Dangjin) is a former South Korean footballer.
In 1991, Kim debuted as a professional player with Pohang Steelers (then POSCO Atoms) right after their graduation from high school, which was quite unusual then. (Choi Moon-Sik would be a similar case.) They started to appear in the top team matches after joining Yukong Elephants (Bucheon SK after 1996). Bucheon at that time was highly recognized to have a strong midfield under manager Valeri Nepomniachi, and they were a key member.
Kim returned to Pohang in 2003 and led the Steelers to the championship in 2007. They were also selected as the 'best eleven' of the league in 2007. They now holds 2nd place in career domestic appearance (league and cups) in K-League, only after goalkeeper Kim Byung-Ji.
On July 9, 2011, they became the oldest ever score in the K-League with their goal in the 7–0 victory over Daejeon Citizen.
Club career statistics
Honours
Player
Club
Yukong Elephants / Bucheon SK
League Cup (3) : 1994, 1996, 2000
Pohang Steelers
K League 1 (2) : 1992, 2007
League Cup (1) : 2009
AFC Champions League (1) : 2009
Individual
K League 1 Best XI : 2007
Manager
Individual
K League 1 Manager of the Year : 2020
External links
National Team Player Record
1972 births
Living people
People from Dangjin
Association football midfielders
South Korean footballers
Pohang Steelers players
Jeju United FC players
K League 1 players
South Korea international footballers
Sportspeople from South Chungcheong Province
Iskandar Puteri is a federal constituency in Johor Bahru District and Kulai District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2018.
The federal constituency was created in the 2018 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Iskandar Puteri constituency is divided into 46 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Johor federal constituencies
Milo Colton (born March 25, 1943) is an American politician who served in the Iowa Senate from the 1st district from 1983 to 1987.
References
1943 births
Living people
Iowa state senators
Iowa Democrats
A glacial relict is a population of a cold-adapted species that has been left behind as the range of the species changed after an ice age ended. Glacial relicts are usually found in enclaves "under relatively benign conditions".
Examples:
The biogeography of various aquatic species deemed glacial relicts that are found in Lake Sommen is likely related to a different geography during the early history of the lake. One theory claims that aquatic species were transferred from the Baltic Ice Lake through a natural lock system in connection with a temporary advance of the ice-front during the Younger Dryas. On land, the unusual occurrence of dwarf birch near Sund is also judged to be a leftover from a cold geological past.
See also
Biodiversity hotspot
Last Glacial Maximum refugia
Nunatak hypothesis
Rapoport's rule
Relict (biology)
References
Phytogeography
Biogeography
Ice ages
Prehistory of the Arctic
pl:Relikt glacjalny
This is an episode list for the British television series Z-Cars. The series was aired on BBC One, between 1962 and 1978. Many of the episodes are now missing from the BBC archives.
Series overview
Series 1 (1962)
Series 2 (1962–1963)
Series 3 (1963–1964)
Series 4 (1964–1965)
Series 5 (1965)
Series 6 (1967–1971)
Series 7 (1971–1973)
Series 8 (1973–1974)
Series 9 (1974–1975)
Series 10 (1976)
Series 11 (1977)
Series 12 (1978)
References
Lists of British crime television series episodes
Midnight in Saint Petersburg is a 1996 made-for-television thriller film starring Michael Caine for the fifth and final time as British secret agent Harry Palmer.
It served as a sequel to Bullet to Beijing, which had been released the year before, the two films having been shot back-to-back. Three previous films featuring Caine as Palmer were released in the 1960s, beginning with The Ipcress File.
Plot
Harry Palmer heads a private investigation business based in Moscow. Their associates are Nikolai "Nick" Petrov (Jason Connery), ex-CIA agent Craig (Michael Sarrazin), and ex-KGB Colonel Gradsky (Lev Prygunov). They take on the job of finding 1000 grams of weapons-grade plutonium stolen from the Russian government, though they do not know the identity of their client.
This leads Harry back to Saint Petersburg, where (in Bullet to Beijing) they managed to make enemies of both of the leading rival gangsters, Alex (Michael Gambon) and Yuri (Anatoli Davydov). Nonetheless, suspecting that Alex is involved, Harry talks Yuri into helping him.
As a complication, Nick's ballerina girlfriend Tatiana (Tanya Jackson) is kidnapped by a gang working for Alex into order to pressure their father, the head curator of the Hermitage Museum, into helping steal valuable artwork for crooked art dealer Dr. Vestry (Serge Houde). Also in the mix is reporter Brandy (Michelle Burke), who turns out also to be working for Alex. Nick is captured when they go looking for Tatiana, but manages to escape in time to assist Harry, with Yuri's help, foil both schemes.
Cast
Michael Caine as Harry Palmer
Jason Connery as Nikolai Petrov
Yuri Limonty as Circus Clown
Tanya Jackson as Tatiana Zavarzina
Michael Scherer (actor) as Mafiosa
Michelle Burke as Brandy
Gabriel Vorobyov as Driver
Michael Sarrazin as Craig Warner
Michael Gambon as Alexei Alexeyevich
Lev Prygunov as Colonel Gradsky
Olga Anokhina as Greta
Yuriy Petrov as General Kornikov
Anatoli Davydov as Yuri Stephanovich
Serge Houde as Dr. Vestry
Ingolf Gorges as Club Manager
Evgeny Zharikov as Feodor Zavarzin
Vera Bykova-Pizhel as Maria Zavarzina
Vladimir Yeryomin as Boris
References
External links
1996 television films
1996 films
1990s spy thriller films
British sequel films
British spy thriller films
Films directed by Douglas Jackson
Films set in Russia
Russian sequel films
Russian spy thriller films
Russian television films
Spy television films
Television sequel films
British thriller television films
Films set in Moscow
Films set in Saint Petersburg
Films about the Russian Mafia
1990s British films
Vera Celis (born 6 August 1959 in Turnhout) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2009.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1959 births
People from Turnhout
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Beisigl Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 22.
References
Townships in Adams County, North Dakota
Townships in North Dakota
Joseph Andrew Thatcher (born October 4, 1981) is an American college baseball coach and former professional baseball pitcher. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres, Arizona Diamondbacks, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and Houston Astros.
Early life
Thatcher was a member of Kokomo High School's baseball and basketball teams for four years; they were an all-region basketball player. They were a first-year student on the 1997 team that played in Indiana's final true state tournament and set a school record for 3-pointers in a game as a senior in 2000.
College career
Thatcher pitched for four seasons with Indiana State University. In 2003, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Bourne Braves of the Cape Cod Baseball League. They served as the Sycamores' closer in 2004, their final year with the team.
Professional career
River City Rascals
Thatcher was not drafted upon graduating from college, they signed with the River City Rascals of the independent Frontier League, appearing in 47 games (6-5 W/L, 10 Saves) in 2004 and 2005.
Milwaukee Brewers
Thatcher was signed by the Milwaukee Brewers as a free agent in 2005 and assigned to the Rookie League Helena Brewers.
San Diego Padres
Thatcher had progressed to the Triple-A Nashville Sounds in 2007 when they were traded to the San Diego Padres, along with prospects Will Inman and Steve Garrison, for relief pitcher Scott Linebrink. Thatcher was immediately placed in the bullpen of the Padres big league club.
Thatcher made their Major League debut with the Padres on July 26, , in Houston against the Astros. They appeared in 22 games in 2007, finishing with a 2-2 record and 1.29 ERA. They also appeared in 8 games with the Triple-A Portland Beavers.
Thatcher began with the San Diego Padres, but was sent down to Portland in mid-May after posting a 6.75 ERA in 16 appearances. They made nine more appearances with the big league club in 2008, the final one on July 23. They finished the year with a 0-4 record and 8.42 ERA in San Diego. With Portland, they posted a 2.77 ERA over 39 total innings.
Following spring training in , Thatcher started the season in Portland but was called up to San Diego on May 15, 2009. Aside from five days in June and two weeks in mid-July, they remained with the Major League club through the remainder of the year. They finished 2009 with a 2.80 ERA in 45 innings across 52 games, and 55 strike-outs against 18 walks.
Thatcher had shoulder soreness in spring training in and started the season on the disabled list, but they rejoined the team in mid-April. Thatcher emerged as one of the top left-handed specialists in the National League. They posted a 1.29 ERA in 35 innings and 65 games, with 45 strike-outs and 7 walks. They held batters to a .185 batting average and .465 OPS.
Thatcher's shoulder again gave them trouble in spring training of , and they again began the season on the disabled list. But the shoulder did not respond to treatment and they were forced to undergo surgery in May. The surgery cleaned up the labrum and the rotator cuff, and Thatcher rejoined the team in August after a rehab stint. They finished with a 4.50 ERA in 10 innings over 18 games.
In , Thatcher returned to their role as left-handed specialist. They initially pitched through a nagging knee soreness that eventually forced them to rest the knee throughout August and then required arthroscopic to repair a tendon after the season. Thatcher still put up a 3.41 ERA and 39 strike-outs in 31 innings. From 2009 through 2012, Thatcher appeared in 190 games and held left-handers to a .182 average. Overall, they have a 2.66 ERA and .221 opponents batting average during that span.
Arizona Diamondbacks
Thatcher again began as the Padres' left-handed specialist, pitching to a 2.10 ERA in 30 innings over 50 games. At the end of July, the Padres traded Thatcher with Matt Stites and a compensatory draft pick to the Arizona Diamondbacks for Ian Kennedy. With the Diamondbacks in 2013, Thatcher allowed 7 earned runs in 9 innings across 22 games. In the off-season, Thatcher and the Diamondbacks agreed to a one-year contract to avoid arbitration.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
On July 5, 2014, Thatcher was traded along with Tony Campana to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in exchange for prospects Zach Borenstein and Joey Krehbiel.
Houston Astros
On February 13, 2015, Thatcher signed a minor league contract with the Houston Astros. On March 30, 2015, the Astros announced that Thatcher had made the Opening Day roster. On July 21, 2015, the Astros designated Thatcher for assignment after 36 appearances. On August 2, Thatcher was resigned to a minor league deal. They were re-added to the major league roster on September 1.
Cleveland Indians
In December 2015, they signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians. They were released in March 2016.
Los Angeles Dodgers
In April 2016, they signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers. In 17 games, they had an ERA of 3.60. They were released on June 3, 2016 after exercising an opt-out clause in their contract.
Cleveland Indians
The Indians re-signed Thatcher to a minor league contract on July 23, 2016. They were released on August 13, 2016.
Chicago Cubs
The Chicago Cubs signed Thatcher to a minor league contract on Aug 15, 2016. They retired after the season.
Coaching
In 2016, after retiring from professional baseball, Thatcher accepted a position as associate coach of the Indiana University Kokomo baseball team.
Pitching style
Thatcher was unusual in that they threw only two pitches, neither of which was a four-seam fastball. They almost exclusively threw a cut fastball at 83–87 mph or a slider at 77–79. Their slider was mainly a 2-strike pitch. Early in their career, they threw a changeup to right-handed hitters, but they threw only a small handful of those after the 2008 season.
Personal life
During the offseason, Thatcher resides in Kokomo, Indiana and enjoys playing golf on their downtime.  They are the son of Phil and Sara Thatcher and their father also pitched for Indiana State University while their mother was a cheerleader.
Thatcher's wife, Katie, is also a Kokomo native. The couple formed the Joe and Katie Thatcher Endowment Foundation in 2008 to benefit the Howard County, Indiana, community.
Thatcher is a member of Catholic Athletes for Christ.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kokomo, Indiana
Baseball players from Indianapolis
Major League Baseball pitchers
San Diego Padres players
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Los Angeles Angels players
Houston Astros players
Indiana State Sycamores baseball players
River City Rascals players
Helena Brewers players
North Shore Honu players
Azucareros del Este players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Brevard County Manatees players
West Virginia Power players
Huntsville Stars players
Nashville Sounds players
Portland Beavers players
Lake Elsinore Storm players
Tucson Padres players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Oklahoma City Dodgers players
Bourne Braves players
Mounam Kalaikirathu () is a 1986 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Kundrai Vaendan Karikalan, starring Suresh, Jeevitha, Anand Babu, Jayashree, Vijayakumar, Chinni Jayanth and S. S. Chandran.
Plot
Rajesh and Deepa are lovers, but Kannan too loves Deepa without knowing of their relationship with Rajesh. Shobana, a doctor, they love Kannan as well. The film explores these relationships and finally break the ice of silence.
Cast
Suresh as Kannan
Jeevitha as Deepa
Anand Babu as Rajesh
Jayashree as Shobana
Vijayakumar
Chinni Jayanth
S. S. Chandran
Senthil
Music
The music for the film was provided by Shankar–Ganesh.
Reception
Mounam Kalaikirathu was released on 12 December 1986. Malai Malar of 22 December 1986 reviewed Mounam Kalaikirathu as a watchable movie for youth. Dina Sari dated 5 December mentioned the film as a passable entertainer. The Indian Express wrote "The narration is made in a naturalistic vein and is not boring".
References
External links
1980s Tamil-language films
1986 films
1986 romance films
Films scored by Shankar–Ganesh
Indian romance films
The noisy-storage model refers to a cryptographic model employed in quantum cryptography. It assumes that the quantum memory device of an attacker (adversary) trying to break the protocol is imperfect (noisy).
The main goal of this model is to enable the secure implementation of two-party cryptographic primitives, such as a bit commitment, oblivious transfer and secure identification.
Motivation
Quantum communication has proven to be extremely useful when it comes to distributing encryption keys. It allows two distant parties Alice and Bob to expand a small initial secret key into an arbitrarily long secret key by sending qubits (quantum bits) to each other. Most importantly, it can be shown that any eavesdropper trying to listen into their communication cannot intercept any information about the long key. This is known as quantum key distribution (QKD).
Yet, it has been shown that even quantum communication does not allow the secure implementation of many other two-party cryptographic tasks. These all form instances of secure function evaluation. An example is oblivious transfer. What sets these tasks apart from key distribution is that they aim to solve problems between two parties, Alice and Bob, who do not trust each other. That is, there is no outside party like an eavesdropper, only Alice and Bob. Intuitively, it is this lack of trust that makes the problem hard. Unlike in quantum key distribution, Alice and Bob cannot collaborate to try and detect any eavesdropping activity. Instead, each party has to fend for himself.
Since tasks like secure identification are of practical interest, one is willing to make assumptions on how powerful the adversary can be. Security then holds as long as these assumptions are satisfied. In classical cryptography, i.e., without the use of quantum tools, most of these are computational assumptions. Such assumptions consist of two parts. First, one assumes that a particular problem is difficult to solve. For example, one might assume that it is hard to factor a large integer into its prime factors (e.g. 15=5x3). Second, one assumes that the adversary has a limited amount of computing power, namely less than what is (thought to be) required to solve the chosen problem.
Bounded storage
In information theoretic cryptography physical assumptions appear, which do not rely on any hardness assumptions, but merely assume a limit on some other resource. In classical cryptography, the bounded-storage model introduced by Ueli Maurer assumes that the adversary can only store a certain number of classical bits. Protocols are known that do (in principle) allow the secure implementation of any cryptographic task as long as the adversary's storage is small. Very intuitively, security becomes possible under this assumption since the adversary has to make a choice which information to keep. That is, the protocol effectively overflows their memory device leading to an inevitable lack on information for the adversary. It was later discovered that any classical protocol which requires the honest parties to store bits in order to execute it successfully can be broken by an adversary that can store more than about bits. That is, the gap between what is required to execute the protocol, and what is required to break the security is relatively small.
Bounded quantum storage
This gap changes dramatically when using quantum communication
. That is, Alice and Bob can send qubits to each other as part of the protocol. Likewise, one now assumes that the adversary's quantum storage is limited to a certain number of qubits. There is no restriction on how many classical bits the adversary can store. This is known as the bounded-quantum-storage model. It was shown that there exist quantum protocols in which the honest parties need no quantum storage at all to execute them, but are nevertheless secure as long as Alice transmits more than twice the number of qubits than the adversary can store.
Noisy storage
More generally, security is possible as long as the amount of information that the adversary can store in their memory device is limited. This intuition is captured by the noisy-storage model, which includes the bounded-quantum-storage model as a special case. Such a limitation can, for example, come about if the memory device is extremely large, but very imperfect. In information theory such an imperfect memory device is also called a noisy channel. The motivation for this more general model is threefold. First, it allows one to make statements about much more general memory devices that the adversary may have available. Second, security statements could be made when the signals transmitted, or the storage device itself, uses continuous variables whose dimension is infinite and thus cannot be captured by a bounded storage assumption without additional constraints. Third, even if the dimension of the signals itself is small, the noisy-storage analysis allows security beyond the regime where bounded-storage itself can make any security statement. For example, if the storage channel is entanglement breaking, security is possible even if the storage device is arbitrarily large (i.e., not bounded in any way).
Assumption
The assumption of the noisy-storage model is that during waiting times introduced into the protocol, the adversary can only store quantum information in their noisy memory device. Such a device is simply a quantum channel that takes input states to some noisy output states . Otherwise, the adversary is all powerful. For example, they can store an unlimited amount of classical information and perform any computation instantaneously.
The latter assumption also implies that they can perform any form of error correcting encoding before and after using the noisy memory device, even if it is computationally very difficult to do (i.e., it requires a long time). In this context, this is generally referred to as an encoding attack and a decoding attack . Since the adversary's classical memory can be arbitrarily large, the encoding may not only generate some quantum state as input to the storage device but also output classical information. The adversary's decoding attack can make use of this extra classical information, as well as any additional information that the adversary may gain after the waiting time has passed.
In practise, one often considers storage devices that consist of memory cells, each of which is subject to noise. In information-theoretic terms, this means that the device has the form , where is a noisy quantum channel acting on a memory cell of dimension .
Examples
The storage device consists of qubits, each of which is subject to depolarizing noise. That is, , where is the 2-dimensional depolarizing channel.
The storage device consists of qubits, which are noise-free. This corresponds to the special case of bounded-quantum-storage. That is, , where is the identity channel.
Protocols
Most protocols proceed in two steps. First, Alice and Bob exchange qubits encoded in two or three mutually unbiased bases. These are the same encodings which are used in the BB84 or six-state protocols of quantum key distribution. Typically, this takes the form of Alice sending such qubits to Bob, and Bob measuring them immediately on arrival. This has the advantage that Alice and Bob need no quantum storage to execute the protocol. It is furthermore experimentally relatively easy to create such qubits, making it possible to implement such protocols using currently available technology.
The second step is to perform classical post-processing of the measurement data obtained in step one. Techniques used depend on the protocol in question and include privacy amplification, error-correcting codes, min-entropy sampling, and interactive hashing.
General
To demonstrate that all two-party cryptographic tasks can be implemented securely, a common approach is to show that a simple cryptographic primitive can be implemented that is known to be universal for secure function evaluation. That is, once one manages to build a protocol for such a cryptographic primitive all other tasks can be implemented by using this primitive as a basic building block. One such primitive is oblivious transfer. In turn, oblivious transfer can be constructed from an even simpler building block known as weak string erasure in combination with cryptographic techniques such as privacy amplification.
All protocols proposed to date allow one of the parties (Alice) to have even an unlimited amount of noise-free quantum memory. I.e., the noisy-storage assumption is applied to only one of the parties (Bob). For storage devices of the form it is known that any two-party cryptographic task can be implemented securely by means of weak string erasure and oblivious transfer whenever any of the following conditions hold.
For bounded-quantum-storage (i.e., ), security can be achieved using a protocol in which Alice sends BB84 encoded qubits. That is, security can be achieved when Alice sends more than twice the number of qubits than Bob can store. One can also look at this from Bob's perspective and say that security can be achieved when Bob can store strictly less than half of the qubits that Alice sent, i.e., .
For bounded-quantum-storage using higher-dimensional memory cells (i.e., each cell is not a qubit, but a qudit), security can be achieved in a protocol in which Alice sends higher-dimensional qudits encoded one of the possible mutually unbiased bases. In the limit of large dimensions, security can be achieved whenever . That is, security can always be achieved as long as Bob cannot store any constant fraction of the transmitted signals. This is optimal for the protocols considered since for a dishonest Bob can store all qudits sent by Alice. It is not known whether the same is possible using merely BB84 encoded qubits.
For noisy-storage and devices of the form security can be achieved using a protocol in which Alice sends BB84 encoded qubits if
, where is the classical capacity of the quantum channel , and obeys the so-called strong converse property, or, if
, where is the entanglement cost of the quantum channel . This is generally much better than the condition on the classical capacity, however it is harder to evaluate .
For noisy-storage and devices of the form security can be achieved using a protocol in which Alice sends qubits encoded in one of the three mutually unbiased bases per qubit, if
, where is the quantum capacity of , and the strong converse parameter of is not too small.
The three mutually unbiased bases are the same encodings as in the six-state protocol of quantum key distribution. The last condition does form the best known condition for most channels, yet the quantum capacity as well as the strong converse parameter are generally not easy to determine.
Specific tasks
Using such basic primitives as building blocks is not always the most efficient way to solve a cryptographic task. Specialized protocols targeted to solve specific problems are generally more efficient. Examples of known protocols are
A bit commitment in the noisy-storage model, and in the case of bounded-quantum-storage
Oblivious transfer in the noisy-storage model, and in the case of bounded-quantum-storage
Secure identification in the bounded-quantum-storage model
Noisy-storage and QKD
The assumption of bounded-quantum-storage has also been applied outside the realm of secure function evaluation. In particular, it has been shown that if the eavesdropper in quantum key distribution is memory bounded, higher bit error rates can be tolerated in an experimental implementation.
See also
Stephanie Wehner
References
Quantum cryptography
Cryptography
Actizera drucei is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of transformed grassland.
References
Butterflies described in 1906
Polyommatini
Ryan Nicholas Jones (born March 28, 1945) is an American former professional basketball player. They played in both the National Basketball Association and American Basketball Association for a number of teams between 1967 and 1972.
Nick is the brother of Steve Jones, another former NBA and ABA player.
References
1945 births
Living people
Basketball players from Portland, Oregon
American men's basketball players
Dallas Chaparrals players
Golden State Warriors players
Miami Floridians players
Oregon Ducks men's basketball players
Point guards
San Diego Rockets draft picks
San Diego Rockets players
San Francisco Warriors players
Shooting guards
The 1985 Wightman Cup was the 57th edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia in the United States.
References
1985
1985 in tennis
1985 in women's tennis
1985 in American tennis
1985 in British sport
1985 in sports in Virginia
Henry Arthur Benning (born August 8, 1879, Lyons (town), New York, died April 14, 1962) was the vice president and general manager of the Amalgamated Sugar Company.
Personal life
Benning was born in Lyons, New York on August 8, 1879. Henry and their family lived on a farm near Lyons for their early life. They graduated from Lyons High School, then attended the Rochester Business Institute to become a court reporter.
Benning was about 5'6" and 160 pounds, and "had a marked inferiority complex such as that usually associated with men of small physical stature."
Stroke and death
Benning suffered a major stroke on March 8, 1956. They died on April 14, 1962.
Early career
After completing the course, Benning was employed at the American Tobacco Company as a stenographer for the sales department of the chewing tobacco division. They were a "rotten stenographer", and became a salesperson. Benning was a poor salesperson, because they didn't use tobacco.
Sugar beet factories
Benning worked for a Lyons beet sugar factory that was built in 1900, working during construction and for the first several production campaigns.
In 1905, Benning left to work on the construction of a sugar beet factory being built in Glendale, Arizona. They were a beet end supervisor for the first production campaign, then left for the Great Western Sugar Company in Fort Collins, Colorado. They worked at the Fort Collins factory for several years, then became superintendent of the Great Western factory in Sterling, Colorado in 1911. They went on to the Holly Sugar Corporation factory in Colorado Springs, Colorado, then to the Holly factory in Huntington Beach, California.
In 1920, Benning joined the Amalgamated Sugar Company, serving as Idaho District Manager, Assistant General Manager, then General Superintendent by 1923. They left due to "personal differences" with E. S. Rolapp, and rejoined the General Offices of Holly Sugar in Colorado Springs, then supervised their Torrington, Wyoming factory in 1928, "gleefully" battling with Great Western for sugar beet acreage in the Torrington area. In 1929, Benning left Holly Sugar to reorganize the American Beet Sugar Company in Denver, Colorado, becoming vice president and general manager. Immediately after joining American Beet Sugar, they acquired Amalgamated Sugar, so Benning was also vice president and general manager of Amalgamated Sugar.
References
People from Lyons, New York
1879 births
1962 deaths
ǃOrakobab or Khoemana, also known as Korana, ǃOra, or Griqua, is a moribund Khoe language of South Africa.
Names
"Khoemana" (from khoe 'person' + mana 'language') is more commonly known as either Korana (also ǃOrakobab, ǃOra, Kora, Koraqua) or Griqua (also Gri , Xri, Xiri, Xirikwa). The name 'Korana' reflects the endonym ǃOra or ǃGora , referring to the ǃOra people. Sometimes ǃOra is also known as Cape Khoe or Cape Hottentot, though the latter has become considered derogatory. The various names are often treated as different languages (called South Khoekhoe when taken together), but they do not correspond to any actual dialect distinctions, and speakers may use "Korana" and "Griqua" interchangeably. Both names are also used more broadly, for example for the Griqua people. There exist (or existed) several dialects of Khoemana, but the details are unknown.
Phonology
Khoemana is closely related to Khoekhoe, and the sound systems are broadly similar. The strongly aspirated Khoekhoe affricates are simply aspirated plosives in Khoemana. However, Khoemana has an ejective velar affricate, , which is not found in Khoekhoe, and a corresponding series of clicks, . Beach (1938) reported that the Khoekhoe of the time had a velar lateral ejective affricate, , a common realisation or allophone of in languages with clicks, and it might be expected that this is true for Khoemana as well. In addition, about half of all lexical words in Khoemana began with a click, compared to a quarter in Khoekhoe.
In Korana, [oe] and [oa] can be pronounced as [we] and [wa].
The phoneme [k] can be realized as /c/ before [e] or [i].
An intervocalic [p] and [b] are sometimes realized as /β/.
[s] is stated to be alveolar-postalveolar when not followed by a close front vowel [i], [ĩ], or [e].
The aspirated phoneme [tʰ] is realized as an affricate sound /ts/ when followed by a close front vowel [i], [ĩ], or [e].
The aspirated sound [kʰ] can sometimes be realized as [kx]. Some Griqua speakers may pronounce [kʰ] as [kʼ].
The [tsʼ] sound only seldom occurs.
[m] and [n] can occur syllabically as [m̩] and [n̩].
The trilled [r] can also be realized as a flapped [ɾ] in some speech.
Voicing can be very weak in Khoemana in casual speech, so voiced plosives can be hard to distinguish from voiceless plosives.
There are four tones in Khoemana:
Population
Reports as to the number of Khoemana speakers are contradictory, but it is clear that it is nearly extinct. It was thought to be extinct until the discovery of four elderly speakers around Bloemfontein and Kimberley. A 2009 report by Don Killian of the University of Helsinki estimated that there were less than 30 speakers at the time. Matthias Brenzinger reported in 2012 that one possible speaker remained, but that they refused to speak the language. The discrepancies could be because the language has multiple dialects and goes by several names, with scholars not always referring to the same population. Khoemana is listed as "critically endangered" in UNESCO's Language Atlas. The loss of this endangered language would have a significant impact on the heritage and culture of Khoemana speakers.
Attestation
Robust Khoemana (before more recent language attrition) is principally recorded in an 1879 notebook by Lucy Lloyd, which contains five short stories; some additional work was done in Ponelis (1975). As of 2009, the EuroBABEL project is searching for remaining speakers.
History
The people and their language first began to attract scholarly attention in the 1660s, coinciding with Dutch colonial efforts in the Cape of Good Hope and the resulting armed conflicts. At the time, Khoemana was widely spoken throughout the coastal regions of South Africa. After years of attrition during the colonial era to the 1930s, and under apartheid from 1948 to 1994, the language has all but vanished. Currently, speakers of Khoemana are not only scarce but scattered, due to forced migrations during the apartheid era. This has rendered the language particularly vulnerable.
References
Further reading
Maingard, L.F. 1962. Korana Folktales. Grammar and Texts. Johannesburg: Witwatersrand University Press
External links
ǃKorana basic lexicon at the Global Lexicostatistical Database
ELAR archive of Dictionary of Korana ('Ora)
Rosetta Project: Xiri Swadesh List
Khoe languages
Griqua
Languages of South Africa
Languages of Namibia
Endangered languages of Africa
Rudolph May, Jr. (born July 18, 1944) is an American former professional baseball player. They played in Major League Baseball as a left-handed pitcher in and from to for the California Angels, New York Yankees, Baltimore Orioles and Montreal Expos. Early in their career, May had a live fastball, but was known best for their "sharp-breaking curve." May was the 1980 American League ERA leader.
Early years
May played high school baseball at Castlemont High School in Oakland, California. One of their high school teammates was future Hall-of-Famer Joe Morgan. Signed by the Minnesota Twins as an amateur free agent in 1962, May was one of the last players in Major League Baseball to be exempt from the later adoption of the Major League Baseball draft. They pitched in 32 games for Class A Bismarck-Mandan, with 11 wins and 11 losses, pitching 168 innings in 24 games. They chose not to re-sign with Minnesota.
In 1963 May was selected first in the 1963 First Year draft by the Chicago White Sox. They pitched over 300 innings in 1964, split between the Single-A Tidewater Tides and Triple-A Indianapolis Indians, with 17 wins and 8 losses in 207 innings in 30 appearances.
After the 1964 season, May was traded by the White Sox to the Philadelphia Phillies for catcher Bill Heath and a player to be named later (Joel Gibson). The Phillies then traded May to the California Angels for pitcher Bo Belinsky.
Major League Baseball career
May made their Major League debut at the age of 20 against the Detroit Tigers in 1965 pitching for the Angels. They pitched 9 innings, giving up one run and one hit, while striking out 10 and walking 5, throwing 139 pitches, and received a no-decision. May appeared in 30 games for the Angels in 1965. May pitched in the Angels minor league system from 1966 to 1968, including a stint with the Seattle Angels. They appeared in 45 games over three seasons. They won 18 games and lost 10, in 248 innings.
May returned to the Major Leagues for good in 1969 with the Angels, and appeared in 200 games between 1969 and the beginning of the 1974 season as a starter and reliever. Over 1,013 innings, May posted a record of 47 wins and 67 losses with California.
Halfway through the 1974 season, May's contract was purchased by the New York Yankees. They posted 22 wins and 16 losses in 326 innings over 49 appearances with the Yankees.
Two years to the day after they were acquired by New York, May was traded to the Baltimore Orioles in a 10-player swap. The Yankees traded Rick Dempsey, Tippy Martinez, Scott McGregor and Dave Pagan to Baltimore for Doyle Alexander, Jimmy Freeman, Elrod Hendricks, Ken Holtzman and Grant Jackson. May appeared in 58 games posting a record of 28 wins and 21 losses over 403 innings with the Orioles.
May was traded along with Randy Miller and Bryn Smith from the Orioles to the Montreal Expos for Don Stanhouse, Joe Kerrigan and Gary Roenicke at the Winter Meetings on December 7, 1977. May pitched primarily out of the bullpen for Montreal and recorded 18 wins and 13 losses, appearing in 49 games and recording 237 innings.
May re-sign with the New York Yankees on November 8, 1979. During the 1980 season with New York, May led the American League with an ERA of 2.46, which was their best career mark. Through their final four seasons in Major League Baseball, May won 28 games and lost 27.
In 1965 with the Angels, May earned a salary of $6,000. In 1983, their final year with the Yankees, their salary was $620,000.
Personal life
When May was 17 they enrolled in an underwater diving program. After completion of the course, May was a certified diver.
See also
List of Major League Baseball annual ERA leaders
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
African-American baseball players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American League ERA champions
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Kansas
Bismarck-Mandan Pards players
California Angels players
Columbus Clippers players
El Paso Sun Kings players
Indianapolis Indians players
Los Angeles Angels players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Montreal Expos players
New York Yankees players
People from Coffeyville, Kansas
San Jose Bees players
Seattle Angels players
Tidewater Tides players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Jing'an County () is a county in the northwest of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Yichun.
Administrative divisions
Jing'an County has 5 towns and 6 townships.
5 towns
6 townships
Demographics
The population of the district was in 1999.
Climate
Notes and references
External links
Government site -
County-level divisions of Jiangxi
Xianyang West railway station (), formerly known as Xianyang Qindu railway station (), is a railway station on the Xi'an–Baoji high-speed railway. It is located in Qindu District, Xianyang, Shaanxi, China.
History
The name of the station was changed to Xianyang West on 30 June 2021.
Metro station
Phase 3 of Xi'an Metro Line 1 will have its western terminus at the station.
References
Buildings and structures in Shaanxi
Railway stations in Shaanxi
Stations on the Xuzhou–Lanzhou High-Speed Railway
Railway stations in China opened in 2013
Xianyang
Mehdiabad (, also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 269, in 68 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Yop, created and marketed by Yoplait, is a yogurt drink sold in supermarkets and convenience stores in Belgium, Canada, France, Ireland, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and occasionally in the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and the United States. The Yoplait's Smoothie drink in Sweden and Norway is called Safari.
Yop is available in a variety of flavours including: banana, blueberry, chocolate, coconut, energy (peach/pineapple/cereal), lemon, mango, peach, raspberry, red fruits, strawberry, strawberry-banana, tropical and vanilla. Different flavours are available in different markets.
History
Yop is a product originally from France, and is produced by the yogurt manufacturer Yoplait. Later Yop was marketed to different countries worldwide. Yoplait claims that Yop was the first drinkable yogurt in Canada.
Advertising
UK relaunch
Yoplait commissioned an advertising campaign, from McCann-Erickson, when they re-launched Yop as the "smoother way to start the day" in April 2004. The campaign targeted teenagers with the television advert featuring teenagers singing a parody of the Eddy Grant song, "Gimme Hope Jo'anna". The song was reworked into "Gimme Yop, Me Mama" and the teenagers, who are seen asleep against a toilet-roll holder or propped up in the bathroom, demand that their mothers give them the drink to wake them up.
Availability
Yop comes within and between countries in different bottle sizes. In some countries the bottle size is indicated in litres in others in grams. Smaller bottles are in some countries called: Yop baby (100 g France), Yop mini (180 g Belgium and France) and YOP & GO (300 g Belgium, 330 g France, 30 cl Switzerland)
˄1: Mini Yop
˄2: P'tit Yop
˄3: YOP & GO
Product information
Storage
Keep refrigerated between 2 °C and 5 °C. It is best to consume shortly after opening. Mini Yop, P'tit Yop
and YOP & GO keeps for up to 8 hours outside the fridge.
Ingredients:
Skim milk, water, sugar, cream, fruit puree1, active bacterial cultures, natural and artificial flavours, modified milk ingredients, concentrated lemon juice, modified corn starch, pectin, locust bean gum, colour, vitamin D3, potassium sorbate, sodium and calcium citrate.
˄1: Only in Yop with fruit flavours
Average nutritional values:
References
External links
Yop on Belgian Yoplait Website
Yop on Canadian Yoplait Website
Yop on French Yoplait Website
Yop on Swiss Yoplait Website
Yop on UK Yoplait website
Brand name yogurts
Drink brands
Willamette University School of Education was a master's degree-granting program at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States. Established in 1988, the school offered a master of arts in teaching degree and runs the Center for Excellence in Teaching program, or CET. The school closed in May 2014.
History
The university started the School of Education in 1988, and added a Master of Arts in Teaching (MAT) program in 1992. The Center for Excellence in Teaching (CET) program began in 1999 and offered graduate level courses for teaching professionals. Willamette's Master of Arts in Teaching program had both a full-time and part-time option with four focuses in early childhood, elementary for grades 3 to 8, middle level for grades 5 to 9, and secondary for grades 7 to 12. A part-time MAT option called Aspire was added in 2004. The university closed the program because the university could not continue to offer a quality educational program due to financial issues and an uncertain market for teachers.
Four MAT alums have been recipients of the Milken Family Foundation's Milken Educator Awards since 2000. The $25,000 award is given to educators who make efforts to furthering excellence in education.
Other programs
Willamette's School of Education also offered the Oregon Writing Project that taught graduate students, teachers, and pre-college students. This included offering a Young Writers Camp during the summer for students in grades 3 to 7. Another program was an annual Fine Arts Festival sponsored by the school that introduced elementary students to a variety of arts including music composition, ballet, jazz, sculpture, and opera.
References
Willamette University
Educational institutions established in 1988
Educational institutions disestablished in 2014
Schools of education in Oregon
1988 establishments in Oregon
2014 disestablishments in Oregon
Defunct private universities and colleges in Oregon
The Ligue de Hockey Junior du Québec (LHJQ) or Quebec Junior Hockey League (QJHL) is a Hockey Québec Canadian Junior A ice hockey league and is a member of Hockey Canada and the Canadian Junior Hockey League. The winner of the QJHL playoffs competes for the Fred Page Cup against the winners of the Central Junior A Hockey League and the Maritime Hockey League and the host team, which is on a three-year cycle between the MHL, CJHL and LHJQ. The winner of the Fred Page Cup then moves on to compete for the Centennial Cup.
History
The Quebec Junior Hockey League is an offshoot of the Quebec Junior A Hockey League that lasted from 1972 to 1982. Founded in 1988, the QJHL has been a rather strong league, with three Central Canadian Champions (Dudley Hewitt Cup) in its early years: the Longueuil Sieurs in 1990 and the Chateauguay Elites in 1993 and 1994. In 1994–95 they were grouped into the Eastern Canadian region to compete for the Fred Page Cup. The Joliette Nationals won the first Fred Page Cup in 1995. To this day, the QJHL has four Eastern Canadian titles, the others going to the Joliette Action, Lennoxville Cougars, and St. Jerome Panthers. No Quebec team has ever won the national title despite attending the tournament seven times since 1988.
In 2002–03, Champlain College Lennoxville got a team to play in the LHJAAAQ - Lennoxville Cougars, based on the campus of College Champlain and Bishop's University. The Cougars, who were coached by former NHLer Stéphan Lebeau formed a discipline style of hockey. The method paid off, and Lennoxville captured the Napa Cup as league champions and won the Fred Page Cup. Lennoxville finished the Royal Bank Cup 1–3, the Cougars exited the tournament with semi-finals loss to the Camrose Kodiaks of the AJHL.
In 2003–04, the CJAHL and the LHJAAAQ saw the St-Eustache Gladiateurs ranked #5 overall in Canada. However, the Gladiateurs lost the finals to the Valleyfield Braves. Because Valleyfield was hosting the Fred Page Cup, the Gladiateurs got a berth in the tournament. Saint-Eustache and Valleyfield each held a 2–0 tournament record going into the all-LHJAAAQ match-up that would decide the winner and who gets a bye to the championship finals. Valleyfield won the game 4–0, and Saint-Eustache then lost to the Nepean Raiders 3–2 in double-overtime. The Valleyfield Braves lost the championship game 4–0 to Nepean.
In 2014, 12-year president Richard Morency announced their resignation, but staying on until the transition to the new leadership. The league also announced that it was re-branding itself the Quebec Junior Hockey League (dropping the "AAA" designation) and introduced the corresponding new league logo. The summer also saw the return of the Valleyfield Braves to the League. Owners of the team purchased the LaTuque Wolves, regained rights to the Braves name and logo and brought the team back to the Aréna Salaberry. Another long-time QJHL member, Kahnawake Condors, who were established in 1999 moved to Chambly, Quebec, to be re-branded as the Chambly Forts. Shortly after that move, the Gatineau Mustangs of the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League made the jump to the league as the Gatineau Flames, becoming the first Hull-based team since the Aylmer Extreme that had lasted one season in 2000–01. Several weeks after announcing the Gatineau Flames as a member, the Flames purchased the Lachine Maroons and absorbed the franchise rights. The league expelled the Sherbrooke Cougars because the league considered them as a college team and had ties to Bishop's University. The Saint-Hyacinthe Laureats withdrew from the league, possibly in conjunction with the Cougars. The league split into two divisions.
Teams
La Coupe NAPA playoff champions
Former member teams
Kahnawake Condors / Chambly Forts - relocated to Chambly in 2015, folded prior to 2021-2022 season
L'Extreme D'Aylmer - folded after 2000–01 season
Lachine Maroons - 2015 relocate to Gatineau Flames
La Tuque Wolves - renewed Valleyfield Braves franchise
Les Husky de Cowansville - folded after 1999–00 season
Le National de Joliette - ceased operations mid-season (January 2000)
Le Junior Canadiens de Montreal - folded after 1999–00 season
Les Dragons de Saint-Hyacinthe - folded after 1999–00 season
Les Chevaliers de St-Jean - folded after 2001–02 season
Montreal-North Arctic - folded after 2018–19 season. Founded 2002 as the St-Eustache Patriotes.
Saint-Félicien Multiconcessionnaire - folded after 2008–09 season
Saint-Hyacinthe Lauréats - 2015 withdrew from league
Saint-Lazare Revolution - sold 2019. Remain in Saint Lazare but re-branded West Island Shamrocks
Sherbrooke Cougars - 2015 expelled from league
Thetford Mines Filons - relocated to La Tuque Wolves
Valleyfield Braves (defunct) - left league to join LNAH
Vaudreuil-Dorion Mustangs - sold and relocated to Saint-Lazare (2017)
Timeline of teams in the QJHL
1988 - Black Lake Miners play in 1988 Centennial Cup playdowns as Quebec's only Jr. A team
1988 - Quebec Provincial Junior Hockey League is officially founded
1990 - St. Antoine Rapidos join league
1990 - Laval-Bourassa Cobras join league
1991 - St. Antoine Rapidos become Louiseville Jaguars
1991 - Laval-Bourassa Cobras become Montreal-Nord Cobras
1991 - Ste-Marie Beaucerons join league
1992 - Ste-Marie Beaucerons become Loretteville Riverains
1992 - Louisville Jaguars become Saint-Jerome Panthers
1994 - Coaticook Frontaliers join league
1994 - Valleyfield Elites join league
1995 - Lachine Maroons join league
1996 - Warwick Titans join league
1998 - Quebec Provincial Junior Hockey League becomes Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League
1998 - Joliette National cease operations in January 1998
1998 - Valleyfield Elites become Valleyfield Braves
1999 - Kahnawake Condors join league
2000 - Montreal Junior Canadiens fold
2000 - Aylmer Extreme join league and fold after the 2000–01 season
2000 - Cowansville Husky fold
2000 - Saint-Hyacinthe Dragons fold
2002 - Saint-Eustache Gladiateurs join league
2002 - Lennoxville Cougars join league
2003 - Lennoxville Cougars become College Champlain Cougars
2002 - Warwick Titans become College Lefleche Titans
2002 - St-Jean Chevaliers fold
2003 - l'Ile Perrot Mustangs join league
2003 - La Plaine Cobras become Terrebonne Cobras
2004 - St-Lawrence of Quebec Lions join league
2004 - l'Ile Perrot Mustangs become Vaudreuil Mustangs
2005 - Coaticook Frontaliers become Granby Inouk
2006 - Saint-Eustache Gladiateurs become Saint-Eastache Patriotes
2005 - Joliette Action join league
2007 - St-Lawrence of Quebec Lions become Quebec AssurSports
2007 - College Champlain Cougars become Sherbrooke Cougars
2008 - Saint-Eustache Patriotes become Sainte-Therese Nordiques
2008 - Quebec AssurExperts move and become Thetford Mines Filons
2008 - Sainte-Agathe Montagnards join league
2008 - College Lefleche Titans become Princeville Titans
2008 - Saint-Felicien Multiconcessionnaire fold after three seasons
2009 - Sainte-Therese Nordiques become Rousseau-Sports Junior AAA Laval
2009 - Joliette Action become Joliette Traffic
2010 - Thetford Mines Filons become La Tuque Wolves
2010 - Rousseau-Sports Junior AAA Laval become Laval Arctic
2011 - Joliette Traffic become Montreal-Est Rangers
2011 - Laval Arctic become St. Leonard Arctic
2013 - Valleyfield Braves dissolve franchise to seek membership with the Ligue Nord-Americaine de Hockey (LNAH)
2014 - La Toque Wolves relocate to Valleyfield and become the Valleyfield Braves. The ownership reclaims the rights to the Braves name and logo
2014 - League shortens name to Quebec Junior Hockey League
2015 - Kahnawake Condors relocate to Chambly and become Chambly Forts
2015 - Gatineau Flames purchase Lachine Maroons franchise and join league from Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League
2015 - Sherbrooke Cougars expelled from league
2015 - Saint-Hyacinthe Lauréats withdraw from league
2016 - League returns to the full name of Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League
2017 - Vaudreuil-Dorion Mustangs sold and relocated to St-Lazare Revolution.
2017 - Ste-Agathe Montagnards are sold and relocated to St-Gabriel-de-Brandon
2017 - Côte-du-Sud Everest join league and began play in 2018–19
2018 - St-Léonard Arctic relocates to Montreal-North
2018 - St-Lazare Revolution relocated to Pierrefonds, renamed Lac-St-Louis Revolution
2019 - Lac-St-Louis Revolution renamed as West Island Shamrocks
2019 - Franchise awarded to Cegep de Beauce-Appalaches Condors. The team was set to begin during the 2020-2021 season, but the debut was pushed back to 2021-2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic
2021 - Chambly Forts fold
References
External links
LHJQ website
A
Canadian Junior Hockey League members
A
Hockey Quebec
Keney Tower is a memorial tower located in a small public park at Main and Ely Streets north of downtown Hartford, Connecticut. Built in 1898 as a memorial to family members by the locally prominent Keney family, it is a distinctive local example of Collegiate Gothic architecture, and is the city's only free-standing tower. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Description and history
Keney Tower is located on the northern fringe of downtown Hartford, from which it is now separated by Interstate 84. It is located in a park in size at the southeast corner of Main and Ely Streets, in an area dominated by traffic and commercial development. The tower stands near the center of the roughly square park. Its base is square, and it rises to a height of . It is built out of ashlar-cut red sandstone quarried in Longmeadow, Massachusetts. Its verticality is heightened by corner buttresses, and pinnacles that rise above its roof to finial crosses. There are clock faces on all four sides, above which are lancet-arched louvers around the chamber housing chiming bells that sound every quarter hour.
The tower was built in 1898 on land that belonged at the time to the locally prominent Keney family. Its construction was done by the family under the terms of the will of Henry Keney, who sought to memorialize their wholesale grocery business, H. & W. Keney. The family, however, instead placed a plaque on the tower reading "This tower erected to the memory of my mother is designed to preserve from other occupancy the ground sacred to me as their home and to stand in perpetual honor to the wisdom, goodness and womanly nobility of them to whose guidance I owe my success in life and its chief joy ~ Henry Keney". The tower was designed by New York City architect Charles C. Haight, whose specialty was Collegiate Gothic architecture. The family trust deeded the tower and park to the city in 1924.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hartford, Connecticut
References
National Register of Historic Places in Hartford, Connecticut
Buildings and structures completed in 1898
Buildings and structures in Hartford, Connecticut
Historic district contributing properties in Connecticut
Tours Métropole Val de Loire is the métropole, an intercommunal structure, centred on the city of Tours. It is located in the Indre-et-Loire department, in the Centre-Val de Loire region, central France. It was created in March 2017, replacing the previous Communauté urbaine Tour(S) Plus. Its area is 389.2 km2. Its population was 294,220 in 2018, of which 136,463 in Tours proper.
Composition
Tours Métropole Val de Loire consists of the following 22 communes:
Ballan-Miré
Berthenay
Chambray-lès-Tours
Chanceaux-sur-Choisille
Druye
Fondettes
Joué-lès-Tours
Luynes
La Membrolle-sur-Choisille
Mettray
Notre-Dame-d'Oé
Parçay-Meslay
La Riche
Rochecorbon
Saint-Avertin
Saint-Cyr-sur-Loire
Saint-Étienne-de-Chigny
Saint-Genouph
Saint-Pierre-des-Corps
Savonnières
Tours
Villandry
References
Tours
Tours, France
Tours
This is a list of various Razer gaming hardware products. Individual products may have their own article, please see the navbox at the bottom if a product is not listed here.
Mouse devices
Razer Jugan - Chines Only
Mouse Bungee
Mouse Bungee 2010
Mouse Bungee V2 2011
Mouse Bungee V3 2020 - Chroma
Keyboards
Razer Huntsman series feature optical switches, whereas BlackWidow family series feature mechanical switches.
BlackWidow Lite series is designed for use in professional work in addition to gaming. In addition to the same portable design as the BlackWidow Tournament series (below), the BlackWidow Lite ships with separate o-rings for extra sound dampening and fatigue control, Individually white-backlit keys on the keyboard which enable productivity in low light, and fully adjustable brightness controls.
BlackWidow Tournament series is designed for portability, as it features detachable cable, tenkeyless, and compact size.
Speakers
Mako-2008-2.1 speakers
Ferox-2011-Portable gaming speakers
Leviathan-2014-Soundbar
Nommo-2018-Chroma/Pro
April Fools
HellRazer: Triple Helix 2009
Venom 2010
Talon Exoskeleton 2011
SnakeEyes 2012
Naga Phone 2013
Eidolon 2014
Project McFly 2015
Project BreadWinner 2016
SAiSO - RazerRobot 2017
Project Venom v2 2018
Ping! 2019
Stay Home - Game On 2020
Rapunzel - Glow Up 2021
Hypersense Suit 2022
Headsets
Barracuda HP-1 2006
Barracuda AC-1 2007
Piranha 2007
Carcharias 2008
Moray 2008
Megalodon 2009
Orca 2010
Banshee 2010
Tiamat 7.1 2011
Chimaera 5.1 2011
Electra 2011
Carcharias 2012
BlackShark 2012
Hammerhead 2013
Adaro 2014
Man O' War 2016
Thresher 2017
Electra V2 2017
Meka 2017
Tiamat 7.1 V2 2017
Nari 2018
Ifrit 2018
Tetra 2019
Kraken Kitty Ears Edition 2019
BlackShark 2020
Opus 2020
Kaira Pro 2020
Kraken 2012
Kaira pro 2021
Headphone stands
Metal Headphone Stand 2014 Metal
Base Station Chroma 2017 USB Hub Mercury/Quartz
Base Station Chroma V2 2020 USB Hub Mercury/Quartz
Microphone
Seiren Pro 2015
Seiren X 2017
Seiren Elite 2018
Seiren Emote 2019
Seiren Mini 2020
Seiren V2 X 2021
Seiren V2 Pro 2021
Seiren BT
Promotional Item
Team Razer V2 Silicone coaster
Razer Dog Tag
Razer 8GB Thumb drive
Razer THS Pennant
Razer Corrugated puzzle - Deathstalker
Razer Corrugated puzzle - Ouroboros
Razer THS Bottle
Team Razer Pin
Razer THS Spinner
Team Razer V2 Spinner
Razer L33T Pack
Razer Bottle Opener
Razer Basic Messenger Bag
Razer THS Plushie Pillow
Razer Patches
Razer Ice Cube Tray
Team Razer V2 Lanyard
Razer Chroma Keycap Chain
Team Razer V2 Keychain
Team Razer V2 Keychain (Matte Black)
Razer Cellphone Stand
Razer Gaming headset stand metal
Razer Carabiner Pouch
Razer Headphone Pouch V2
Razer Accessory Pouch V2
Razer Keyboard Anti-Dust Cover
Armadillo
Cable Winder
Razer Cable Ties
Mats
Boomslang 1999 Soft
Mystify/Razer 2003 Hard curved
ExactMat + ExactRest 2004 Hard Speed+Control
Mantis 2008 Soft Speed+Control
Destructor 2008 Hard White
Goliathus 2008 Soft Speed/Control/Sizes3
Megasoma 2009 Soft White
Sphex 2009 Soft V2/V3/mini
Kabuto 2009 Soft
Vespula 2010 Hard Mass Effect
Ironclad 2010 Metal
Scarab 2010 Hard White/BF3
Tron 2010 Hard
Manticor 2012 Hard
Invicta 2012 Metal White
Goliathus 2013 Soft
Destructor V2 2013 Hard
Megasoma V2 2013 Soft
Goliathus 2014 Soft
Firefly 2015 Hard
Goliathus 2016 Soft
Firefly Cloth 2016 Soft
Gigantus 2016 Soft
Vespula V2 2017 Hard
Hyperflux 2018 Hard
Firefly V2 2019 Hard
Acari 2020 Hard
Strider 2021 Soft
Razer Pro Solution 2007
Pro Pad 2007 Mat Speed+Control
Pro Click v1.6 2007 Mouse Blue
Pro Click Mobile 2007 Mouse black/white/pink/red
Pro Type 2007 Keyboard Blue
Pro Tone M100 2007 Headphones
Pro Tone M250 2007 Headphones
Razer Pro Solution 2020
Pro Type 2020 Keyboard Ultra
Pro Click 2020 Mouse Mini
Pro Glide 2020 Mat
Keypads
Nostromo 2010 Blue Hyperesponse
Orbweaver 2013 Green Mechanic
Orbweaver Chroma 2018 Chroma Mechanic
Orbweaver Chroma Stealth 2021 Chroma Mechanic
Orbweaver Stealth 2012 Green Mechanic
Tartarus 2013 Green Membrane
Tartarus Chroma 2018 Chroma Mechanic
Tartarus Pro 2019 Chroma Optical
Tartarus V2 2017 Chroma Mechamembrane
Watch
Nabu 2014 Smart Band
Nabu X 2015 Smart Band White/Green/PaX
Nabu Watch 2016 Smartwatch Forged Edition
Razer x Panerai 2021 Powered by Razer
Razer x Fossil 2021 Smartwatch Powered by Razer
Controllers
Hydra 2011 VR
Onza 2011 Gamepad XBOx 360 (Tournament Eition)
Sabertooth 2013 Gamepad XBOX 360
Atrox 2014 Arcade XBOX One
Panthera 2018 Arcade Evo
Raiju 2018 Gamepad PS Ultimate
Raiju Mobile 2018 Telephone
Raiju Tournament Edition 2018 Gamepad XBOX Mercury
Junglecat 2019 Telephone
Wolverine 2019 Gamepad XBOX TE/Ultimate/V2/Chroma
Raion Fightpad for PS4 2020 Fightpad
Kishi 2020 Telephone Iphone
Razer Deathadder Types
Razer Deathadder Pax 2008
Razer Deathadder Destiny 2
Razer Deathadder Transformers Silver/Yellow/Purple/Red
Razer Deathadder Black
Razer Deathadder Respawn Counter Logic Gaming (CLG)
Razer Deathadder CrossFire Red/Blue/Silver/Gold
Razer Deathadder Silver / NZ Collector's Edition
Razer Deathadder World of Tanks
Razer Deathadder Chroma Rise of The Tomb Raider
Razer Deathadder White
Razer Deathadder Guild Wars
Razer Deathadder CPL
Razer Deathadder Command and Conquer
Razer Deathadder Zhu Xian II
Razer Deathadder Counter Logic Gaming (CLG)
Razer Deathadder Dragon Age II
Razer Deathadder Chroma Deus Ex
Razer Deathadder World Cyber Games (WCG)
Razer Deathadder Voodoo
Razer Deathadder Chroma Call of Duty Black Ops III
Razer Deathadder for MAC OS X
Razer Deathadder Left-handed edition
Razer Deathadder Expert
Razer Deathadder Serious Gaming
Razer Deathadder Team Liquid
Razer Deathadder Chroma Overwatch
Razer Deathadder Crossfire (2017)
Laptops
eGPUs
Compatibility for Razer Blade models with Razer Core eGPU's are as follows:
Razer Blade Stealth - All Models Supported
Razer Blade 14” (2016) - GTX970M or Newer
Razer Blade 15" - All Models Supported
Razer Blade Pro - Razer Blade Pro 17” (2016) or Newer (GTX1080 models are not supported)
For specific model numbers see table below:
Capture cards
Phones
Monitors
Webcams
Gaming chairs
Software and financial services
Razer Synapse is software downloaded from Razer to configure the RGB lighting and change the settings of Razer peripherals. It is necessary to take full advantage of Razer peripherals, as options such as keyboard macros and mouse DPI settings cannot be configured without the software. An account must be created with Razer to use the software.
Razer SoftMiner is a program that aims to use the time when a computer is turned on. It runs using the GammaNow compute engine to solve blockchain algorithms and rewards users with Razer Silver.
In July 2018, Razer made its debut in Malaysia by launching an e-wallet service called Razer Pay.
In February 2019, Razer announced it was closing its Razer Game Store as part of the company's realignment plans.
References
Computer peripherals
Razer
Razer products
Razer
The is a straight, single-edged Japanese sword that was mainly produced prior to the 9th century. Its basic style is likely derived from similar swords of ancient China. Chokutō were used on foot for stabbing or slashing and were worn hung from the waist. Until the Heian period such swords were called , which should not be confused with tachi written as referring to curved swords.
History
The production of swords in Japan is divided into specific time periods:
Jōkotō (ancient swords, until around 900 C.E.)
Kotō (old swords from around 900–1596)
Shintō (new swords 1596–1780)
Shinshintō (new new swords 1781–1876)
Gendaitō (modern or contemporary swords 1876–present)
The tsurugi was the earliest type of sword cast in Japan. The chokutō, on the other hand, was among the earliest types of sword to be forged in Japan, its basic style and forging techniques probably originated in ancient China and Korea. The chokutō was brought to Japan by way of Korean Peninsula and China in the Han Dynasty times.
There are various types of chokutō in the Kofun period (300－538), and there are styles originated in China and styles unique to Japan. The kantō-tachi (環頭大刀) is a Chinese style, characterized by a ring-shaped ornament shaped like a dragon or a phoenix on the tip of the handle. The Kabutsuchi-tachi (頭椎大刀) is a unique Japanese style with a fist-like decoration on the tip of the handle. The rokkaku-sōtōken (鹿角装刀剣) is also unique to Japan and is decorated with deer antlers. As the name suggests, this style is also applied to tsurugi (ken).
The chokutō in various styles including these styles declined around the end of the Asuka period (593－710), and only the style called the hōtō-tachi (方頭大刀), in which the decoration on the tip of the handle was rectangular parallelepiped, survived from the Nara period (710－794).
Chokutō typically come in hira-zukuri and kiriha-zukuri tsukurikomi (blade styles) which make them very distinct from later tachi and katana which rarely use these forms. Swords of this period are classified as jōkotō and are often referred to in distinction from Japanese swords.
Chokutō as a weapon died out by the middle of the Heian period, in the 10th century. And as a weapon, it was completely replaced by the Japanese sword, which is known today for its deep and graceful curves. The first sword with this curve was called Kenukigata-tachi (:ja:毛抜形太刀), which was made by improving Warabitetō (:ja:蕨手刀) used by Emishi in Tohoku region. And Kenukigata-tachi evolved into tachi, which became the mainstream of Japanese swords for a long time.
In today's Japan, straight swords made with the techniques after tachi (太刀), are also called chokutō, and these are sometimes used in traditional ceremonies. The Sugari no Ontachi (須賀利御太刀) is one of the chokutō made as an offering to Amaterasu, the main enshrined kami of Ise Grand Shrine, and one of the most gorgeous sword mountings among the chokutō. According to tradition, the building of Ise Grand Shrine and its sacred treasures have been recreated to the same specifications every 20 years since the seventh century. The Sugari no Ontachi currently offered to Ise Grand Shrine was remade in 2013 and is thought to have accurately inherited the style of sword mountings from the Heian period (794ー1185) and the forging method from the Sinto period (1596－1781).
Gallery
See also
Japanese sword
Tsurugi (sword)
References
Ancient swords of Japan
Japanese swords
Alfred Christy (17 January 1818 – 23 March 1876) was an English cricketer who played for Surrey. They were born in Southwark and died in "Aperfield Court", Sevenoaks, Kent.
Christy made a single first-class appearance, in 1857, against Cambridgeshire. Batting as a tailender, they scored a duck in each innings in which they batted.
Christy's brother Frederick played three first-class matches in the 1840s.
External links
Alfred Christy at Cricket Archive
1818 births
1876 deaths
English cricketers
Surrey cricketers
Film
In films, possessive may refer to:
Possessive, a 2017 Indonesian drama film, (also known as Posesif).
Science
In linguistics, a possessive is a word or construction that indicates possession or similar relationship.
See also:
Possession (linguistics), for the relationships indicated by grammatical possessives
Possessive case, a grammatical case used in possessive constructions in some languages
Possessive determiner (or possessive adjective), a word modifying nouns in possessive constructions, such as my, their
Possessive pronoun, a word used independently in possessive constructions, such as mine, theirs
Possessive affix, a prefix or suffix used added to a word in some languages to indicate the possessor
English possessive, the above forms as found in the English language
For possessive behavior in human relationships, see Attachment in adults.
See also
Possession (disambiguation)
Possessed (disambiguation)
The Dispossessed, novel
Dispossess
Ati or ATI may refer to:
Ati people, a Negrito ethnic group in the Philippines
Ati language (Philippines), the language spoken by this people group
Ati-Atihan festival, an annual celebration held in the Philippines
Ati language (China), an unclassified Loloish language of Huaning County, Yunnan, China
Ati, a queen of the fabled Land of Punt in Africa
Ati, Chad, a town in Chad
Ati, Iran, a village in Khuzestan Province, Iran
Maha Ati, one of the nine subdivisions of Buddhist Tantra in the Nyingma school
The acronym ATI may refer to:
Academic institutions
Auckland Technical Institute, now the Auckland University of Technology, Auckland, New Zealand
Ohio State University Agricultural Technical Institute, known as Ohio State ATI
An associate of the Tax Institute of Australia
Electronics and information technology
ATI Technologies, a former Canadian semiconductor company manufacturing GPUs and chipsets
Acronis True Image, cloning and backup software
Allied Telesis, a telecommunications company, formerly Allied Telesyn
Tunisian Internet Agency, also known as ATI (short for Agence tunisienne d'Internet), telecommunications company in Tunisia
Companies
ATI Physical Therapy
Transportation
Aero Trasporti Italiani, a defunct Italian airline (ICAO designator)
Air Transport International, a charter cargo airline
Artigas Airport, IATA designation
Other uses
Above threshold ionization, a photoelectrochemical process ionizing an atom by an excessive number of photons
Allegheny Technologies Incorporated, a specialty metals company headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA
Access to Insight, a Theravada Buddhist website
Associated Television International, a production and distribution company
Astatine monoiodide, a radioactive molecule
Amylase/trypsin inhibitor, a substance that inhibits the enzymes amylase or trypsin (see Non-celiac gluten sensitivity)
See also
TI (disambiguation)
AT (disambiguation)
ATIS (disambiguation)
at1 (disambiguation)
atl (disambiguation)
Jno may refer to:
Jno., an abbreviation for the name John common until the early 20th century; contrary to ignorant belief, it is not an abbreviation of "Jonathan" (Jna)
JNO (disambiguation)
Broadford GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the village of Broadford in East Clare, Ireland. The club fields teams exclusively in hurling competitions.
Major Honours
Clare Intermediate Hurling Championship (8): 1941, 1947, 1974, 1981, 1997, 2003, 2008, 2019
Clare Junior A Hurling Championship (3): 1939, 1955, 1958 (as Kilbane)
References
External links
Broadford GAA Hurling and Camogie Clubs
Broadford
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Clare
Hurling clubs in County Clare
St. Thomas Anglican Church may refer to:
Australia
St Thomas' Anglican Church, Mulgoa
St Thomas' Anglican Church, Narellan
St Thomas' Anglican Church, North Sydney
Canada
St. Thomas' Anglican Church (Moose Factory, Ontario)
St. Thomas Anglican Church (Shanty Bay, Ontario)
St. Thomas's Anglican Church (Toronto), Ontario
St. Thomas Anglican Church (Silver Creek, Quebec)
United States
St. Thomas Anglican Church (Mountain Home, Arkansas)
See also
St. Thomas' Church (disambiguation)
St Thomas Aquinas Church (disambiguation)
Afonin () is a Russian surname derived from Afonya, a short form of the name Afanasy. The surname literally means Afonya's. It may refer to:
Mikhail Afonin (born 1957), Russian football coach
Vadim Afonin (born 1987), Uzbek-Russian footballer
Valentin Afonin (1939–2021), Soviet footballer
Vasily Afonin (1919–1996), Soviet military aviator
Vyacheslav Afonin (born 1978), Russian football coach
Yury Afonin (born 1977), Russian politician
Russian-language surnames
Utian (also Miwok–Costanoan, previously Mutsun) is a family of indigenous languages spoken in Northern California, United States. The Miwok and Ohlone peoples both spoke languages of the Utian language family. It has recently been argued that the Utian languages and Yokuts languages are sub-families of the Yok-Utian language family (Callaghan 1997, 2001; Golla 2007:76-77). Utian and Yokutsan have traditionally been considered part of the Penutian language phylum (Goddard 1996:313-319; Mithun 1999; Shipley 1978:82-85).
All Utian languages are severely endangered.
See also
Penutian languages
Miwok languages
Ohlone languages
References
Callaghan, Catherine. (1997). Evidence for Yok-Utian. International Journal of American Linguistics, 63, pages 18–64.
Callaghan, Catherine. (2001). More evidence for Yok-Utian: A reanalysis of the Dixon and Kroeber sets International Journal of American Linguistics, 67 (3), pages 313-346.
Callaghan, Catherine. (2014). Proto-Utian Grammar and Dictionary: with notes on Yokuts. Trends in Linguistics Documentation 31. Berlin: De Gruyter Mouton.
Goddard, Ives. (1996). "The Classification of the Native Languages of North America." In Languages, Ives Goddard, ed., pp. 290–324. Handbook of North American Indians Vol. 17, W. C. Sturtevant, general ed. Washington, D. C.: Smithsonian Institution. .
Golla, Victor. (2007). "Linguistic Prehistory" in California Prehistory: Colonization, Culture, and Complexity, pp. 71–82. Terry L. Jones and Kathryn A. Klar, editors. New York: Altamira Press. .
Mithun, Marianne. (1999). The languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. (hbk); .
Shipley, William F. (1978). Native Languages of California, in Handbook of North American Indians, Vol. 8 (California). William C. Sturtevant, and Robert F. Heizer, eds. Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution. / 0160045754, pages 80–90.
External links
Native Tribes, Groups, Language Families and Dialects of California in 1770 (map after Kroeber)
Online books about the Southern Sierra Miwok
Central Sierra Miwok Dictionary
Central Sierra Language Preservation Program, Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians
Southern Sierra Miwok Dictionary
Language families
Indigenous languages of California
Yok-Utian languages
fr:Langues miwok
Ivondro (former name: Lavaraty) is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Midongy-Atsimo, which is a part of Atsimo-Atsinanana Region. There are 2054 inscribed voters in this commune.
To this commune belong also the villages of:
Ampasy
Analaiva, Ivondro
Ankarindro
Benonoka
Lavaraty
Mahazoarivo
Makojano
Sahatsoro
References and notes
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
The 2016 Metropolitan FA season was the club's second season of existence. The club played in the Puerto Rico Soccer League, the first tier of the Puerto Rico soccer pyramid.
Transfers
In
Out
Loans in
Loans out
Trial
Competitions
Pre-season
The 2016 Metropolitan FA schedule has not been announced.
Puerto Rico Soccer League
PRSL Apertura season
Matches
PRSL Clausura season
Standings
Matches
PRSL Playoffs
Copa Luis Villarejo
The 2017 Copa Luis Villarejo schedule has not been announced.
Goal scorers
References
Puerto Rico Soccer League
2016 in Puerto Rican football
Monte () is a civil parish in the municipality and a suburb of Funchal in the Portuguese archipelago of Madeira. Locally, the parish is also known as Nossa Senhora do Monte (). The population in 2011 was 6,701, in an area of 18.59 km². Monte is located a few kilometres east of Funchal.
History
The parish of Nossa Senhora do Monte was created in 1565, turning itself into a summer refuge for many wealthy families of Funchal. Looking to discover a mild climate in the summers, these novo riche constructed summer cottages along the hills of the district.
The oldest religious building, the main church Igreja de Nossa Senhora do Monte was constructed in 1741.
Monte was the final resting place for Emperor Charles I of Austria, last of the Habsburg rulers of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, who died in exile on 1 April 1922. Their last residence on the island was the Quinta do Monte close to the parochial church. Similarly, the Madeirense poet, Herberto Hélder lived in a home in the parish.
In 1850, the residents created an innovative method of moving rapidly between Monte and Funchal. These carros de cesto (literally, ), baskets with seats on wooden skis which were slid the inclined streets of Monte, guided by two pilots from behind, began operating in the late 19th century to descend the three kilometres to Funchal. Between 1893 and 1943, the Monte was connected to Funchal by Madeira's only cog railway (Monte Railway), which used to carry people between Funchal and Monte, but also to Terreiro da Luta (at 867 m above sea level), but was deactivated during the Second World War.
Geography
Monte is noted for its older gardens and greenspaces, with exotic plants and flowers, some open to the public. Monte is served by inclined cable car to Funchal and the Botanical Gardens. The parish is also criss-cross by old water channels constructed to transport water between Monte and Camaca, which pass through the Curral dos Romeiros. Central Monte, overlooking the neighboring Santa Luzia and Imaculade Coração, is peppered by various hotels, small restaurantes, and local institutions, including the Hospital dos Marmeleiros and the local health centre.
The parish of Monte literally extends along the mountainous foothills in the northeast corner of the municipality of Funchal, limited by the valley of Ribeira de João Gomes and west by the river-valley of Fundoa. The altimetry increases considerably from 300 to 1300 metres along its border, and the parish is marked by various cliffs, overlooks, ravines and water courses. Its picturesque vantage point has resulted, over the years, in the construction of many homes and buildings in conditions that are precarious or dangerous. This construction has degraded the natural forested areas and facilitated the movement of water that has resulted in natural catastrophes, such as the 2010 mudslides, which caused the death and injury of many in the parish. Similarly, in the summer, the hot dry climate has made the forests in the parish susceptible to forest fires.
Tourism
Presently, Monte can be accessed via the Funchal Cable Car (a gondola lift), which was first opened nearly 100 years after the opening of the cog railway. The departing station is located at Parque Almirante Reis in downtown Funchal. The length of the cable car line is , the height difference is and the journey time (one way) 15 minutes. The line has over 39 cabs with 8 seats each carrying 800 passengers per hour. Also, the basket cars or tobogan run, remains one of the most popular features of Monte for the visitors. This enables visitors to be transported downhill to Livramento through the streets at fairly high speeds in large wicker baskets, conducted by two drivers wearing the traditional white uniform with straw boaters.
References
Notes
See also
Church of Our Lady of the Mount
Parishes of Funchal
Brian James Blacktop (1937–2007) was a New Zealand lawyer. They spent their entire 48-year career in the New Zealand Public Trust Office. They were Assistant Public Trustee (1973–1981) and Deputy Public Trustee (1981–99).
The Public Trust has established the "Brian Blacktop Award" which offers Public Trust employees an opportunity to get special paid leave and/or financial assistance to do voluntary work in the community "to foster the spirit of those values in Public Trust by remembering Brian and supporting staff to make a meaningful contribution to the wider New Zealand community."
Early life
Blacktop was educated at St Peter's College, Auckland where they were dux and head prefect in 1954. From there they went to medical school at Otago University but soon changed tack, returning to Auckland and in 1959 starting work as a law clerk at the Public Trust Office. They studied law part-time at the University of Auckland. They graduated in law in 1963 and was admitted in the same year to the Bar in the Supreme Court of New Zealand (now known as the High Court of New Zealand).
Public Trust
Blacktop was Public Trust district solicitor in Takapuna from 1965–68, moved to Palmerston North, and then in 1973 to Wellington where they were appointed head office solicitor. In 1981 they were appointed Assistant Public Trustee, and in 1985 Deputy Public Trustee, a position they held until their retirement in March 1999. They continued working at the Public Trust offering legal support to the chief executive during the Public Trust's transformation from a government department to a Crown entity. They assisted with the drafting of the Public Trust Act 2001.
The New Zealand Law Commission cited that their "work on homicidal heirs [sic.] has been especially helped by consultation with ... Brian Blacktop ...."
Personal
Blacktop and their wife, Margaret, had five children, three daughters, Kathie, Mary and Trish as well as two sons, Maurice (deceased) and David. A devout Roman Catholic, they were active in church and community affairs throughout their life.
Among other commitments, they were on the Board of Trustees of Bishop Viard College. They were a member of the Tawa Rotary Club from 1985 and organised and managed the club's Hepatitis B vaccination programme for Tawa's school children in 1989. They won the Paul Harris Fellows award from the Tawa Rotary Club in 2002.
Blacktop served on the administrative board of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wellington from 1981 to 2006. During that time they oversaw a number of important projects including the creation of the new Diocese of Palmerston North and the passing of the Roman Catholic Bishops Empowering Act.
Brian Blacktop died at the age of 70 in 2007. They were recognised by the Catholic Church during their life and both Cardinal Williams and Archbishop, now Cardinal, Dew were present at their funeral, the latter delivering a eulogy.
Notes
1937 births
2007 deaths
New Zealand Roman Catholics
People from Auckland
People educated at St Peter's College, Auckland
20th-century New Zealand lawyers
New Zealand public servants
New Zealand lawyers
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
Yan-gant-y-tan is the name of a demon from Brittany, France.Sirdar Ikbal Ali Shah. Occultism: Its Theory and Practice, p. 160 (1994)(4 July 1857). Superstitions and Traditions, Household Words
Etymology
Collin de Plancy, in the Dictionnaire Infernal, gives the meaning of their name as 'Wanderer in the Night', but the translation of their name from Breton seems to be cognate to 'John with the Fire' (compare Will o' the Wisp). Meeting them is said to be an evil omen.Miltoun, Francis. Dictionnaire infernal, p. 537 (1853 ed.)Rambles in Brittany, p 63-64 (1905)
Legend and depictions
Yan-gant-y-tan wanders the nights in Finistère. They hold five candles on the five fingers of their right hand (compare Hand of Glory) and spins them about like a flaming wheel, as a result of which they are unable to turn quickly for fear of extinguishing their light. A sure way to ward off the bad omen of Yan-gant-y-tan is to leave a small bag of gold or of gold chain around a travelers post which Yan-gant-y-tan will steal and leave the house for another day.  They are often depicted as a wiry old troll or hairy wildman, but the only way to distinguish them from other such creatures is the 5 candles upon their hand. In contrast to their nature as a bad omen it is said that they may appear and give five candles to a person who has none, thus lighting the way for a traveller the rest of the night.
References
See also
Google book hit in French. Dictionnaire ... des pèlerinages anciens et modernes, par L. de Sivry.
European demons
Breton legendary creatures
Cruces is a barrio in the municipality of Rincón, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,417.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Cruces barrio was 770.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Cruces barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Rincón, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Rincón, Puerto Rico
Gasteracantha (known as spiny-backed orb-weavers, spiny orb-weavers, or spiny spiders) is a genus of orb-weaver spiders first named by Carl Jakob Sundevall in 1833. The females of most species are brightly colored with six prominent spines on their broad, hardened, shell-like abdomens. The name Gasteracantha is derived from the Greek (), meaning "belly, abdomen", and (), meaning "thorn, spine". Spiny-backed orb-weavers are sometimes colloquially called "crab spiders" because of their shape, but they are not closely related to the true crab spiders. Other colloquial names for certain species include thorn spider, star spider, kite spider, or jewel spider.
Members of the genus exhibit strong sexual dimorphism. Males are several times smaller than females, and they lack prominent spines or bright colors.
Gasteracantha is distributed worldwide in tropical and subtropical climates. The genus is most diverse in tropical Asia, from India through Indonesia. One species, G. cancriformis, occurs in the Americas. Gasteracantha species are related to spine-bearing orb-weavers in several other genera (see Taxonomy and Systematics).
Orb-weavers' bites are generally harmless to humans.
Taxonomy and systematics
Gasteracantha has a complex taxonomic history, and many questions of species limits and distribution and generic interrelationships remain unanswered.
Furthermore, challenges include the variability within individual Gasteracantha species (e.g., color polymorphism and variable length and shape of spines), a lack of male specimens and descriptions for many species, missing or damaged type specimens, and ambiguous initial descriptions in 18th- and 19th-century scientific literature. The 69 species currently recognized by World Spider Catalog include dozens of synonyms and subspecies, many based on literature well over 100 years old.
Gasteracantha is related to several other spiny orb-weaver genera of Africa, Asia, and Australasia, many of which are monospecific:
Acrosomoides – 3 spp., Africa
Actinacantha – Actinacantha globulata, Indonesia
Aetrocantha – Aetrocantha falkensteini, central Africa
Afracantha – Afracantha camerunensi, Africa
Augusta – Augusta glyphica, Madagascar
Austracantha – Austracantha minax, Australia
Friula – Friula wallacei, Borneo
Gastroxya – 4 spp., Africa
Hypsacantha – Hypsacantha crucimaculata, Africa
Isoxya – 16 spp., Africa, Madagascar, and Yemen
Macracantha – 1 or 2 spp., Asia
Madacantha – Madacantha nossibeana, Madagascar
Parmatergus – 3 spp., Madagascar
Thelacantha – Thelacantha brevispina, Australia, Asia, Madagascar
Togacantha – Togacantha nordviei, Africa
A 2019 study examining three mitochondrial and two nuclear genes found that Gasteracantha is paraphyletic with respect to Macracantha, Actinacantha, and Thelacantha. M. arcuata is allied with G. hasselti and A. globulata, while T. brevispina is closer to G. kuhli and G. diardi. The authors, however, did not propose generic reassignments based on their findings.
Micrathena orb-weavers in North and South America also have hardened abdomens with variously shaped spines, but they are not closely related to Gasteracantha within the orb-weaver family.
Species
Gasteracantha contains 69 species and 18 subspecies:
G. aciculata (Pocock, 1899) – Papua New Guinea (New Britain)
G. acutispina Dahl, 1914 – Indonesia (Sulawesi)
G. audouini Guérin, 1838 – Indonesia (Sumatra, Timor, Ambon), Philippines
G. aureola Mi & Peng, 2013 – China
G. beccarii Thorell, 1877 – Indonesia (Sulawesi)
G. biloba (Thorell, 1878) – Indonesia (Moluccas, Ambon)
G. cancriformis (Linnaeus, 1758) – North America, Central America, Caribbean, South America. Introduced to Hawaii
Gasteracantha c. gertschi Archer, 1941 – USA
G. clarki Emerit, 1974 – Seychelles
G. clavatrix (Walckenaer, 1841) – Indonesia (Lombok, Sulawesi, Mentawai Is.)
G. clavigera Giebel, 1863 – Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia (Sulawesi)
G. crucigera Bradley, 1877 – Malaysia, Indonesia (Java, Borneo), New Guinea
G. curvispina (Guérin, 1837) – West, Central Africa
G. curvistyla Dahl, 1914 – Indonesia (Togian Is.)
G. cuspidata C. L. Koch, 1837 – Malaysia, India (Nicobar Is.), Indonesia (Java)
G. dalyi Pocock, 1900 – India, Pakistan
G. diadesmia Thorell, 1887 – India to Philippines
G. diardi (Lucas, 1835) – China, Thailand, Malaysia, Borneo, Indonesia (Sunda Is.)
G. doriae Simon, 1877 – Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia (Sumatra, Borneo)
G. falcicornis Butler, 1873 – Africa
G. fasciata Guérin, 1838 – New Guinea, Guam
G. flava Nicolet, 1849 – Chile
G. fornicata (Fabricius, 1775) – Australia (Queensland)
G. frontata Blackwall, 1864 – India, Myanmar, Thailand, Indonesia (Flores, Borneo)
G. gambeyi Simon, 1877 – New Caledonia
G. geminata (Fabricius, 1798) – India, Sri Lanka
G. hecata (Walckenaer, 1841) – Philippines
G. interrupta Dahl, 1914 – Indonesia (Lombok, Sulawesi)
G. irradiata (Walckenaer, 1841) – Thailand to the Philippines, Indonesia (Sulawesi)
G. janopol Barrion & Litsinger, 1995 – Philippines
G. kuhli C. L. Koch, 1837 – India to Japan, Philippines, Indonesia
G. lepelletieri (Guérin, 1825) – Indonesia (Sumatra) to the Philippines, New Guinea
G. lunata Guérin, 1838 – Timor, Indonesia (Moluccas), New Caledonia
G. martensi Dahl, 1914 – Indonesia (Sumatra)
G. mediofusca (Doleschall, 1859) – Indonesia (Java), New Guinea
G. mengei Keyserling, 1864 – Malaysia, Indonesia (Sumatra, Borneo)
G. metallica (Pocock, 1898) – Solomon Is.
G. milvoides Butler, 1873 – Central, East, Southern Africa
G. notata Kulczyński, 1910 – Papua New Guinea (New Britain)
G. panisicca Butler, 1873 – Myanmar to the Philippines, Indonesia (Java)
G. parangdiadesmia Barrion & Litsinger, 1995 – Philippines
G. pentagona (Walckenaer, 1841) – Papua New Guinea (New Ireland, New Britain, Bismarck Arch.)
G. picta (Thorell, 1892) – Singapore
G. quadrispinosa O. Pickard-Cambridge, 1879 – New Guinea, Australia (Queensland)
G. recurva Simon, 1877 – Philippines
G. regalis Butler, 1873 – Vanuatu
G. remifera Butler, 1873 – India, Sri Lanka
G. rhomboidea Guérin, 1838 – Mauritius
Gasteracantha r. comorensis Strand, 1916 – Comoros, Mayotte
Gasteracantha r. madagascariensis Vinson, 1863 – Madagascar
G. rubrospinis Guérin, 1838 – Indonesia (Lombok, Sulawesi, Moluccas), New Caledonia, Guam
G. rufithorax Simon, 1881 – Madagascar
G. sacerdotalis L. Koch, 1872 – New Guinea, Australia (Queensland), New Caledonia
G. sanguinea Dahl, 1914 – Philippines
G. sanguinolenta C. L. Koch, 1844 – Africa, Yemen (mainland, Socotra), Seychelles
Gasteracantha s. andrefanae Emerit, 1974 – Madagascar
Gasteracantha s. bigoti Emerit, 1974 – Madagascar
Gasteracantha s. emeriti Roberts, 1983 – Seychelles (Aldabra)
Gasteracantha s. insulicola Emerit, 1974 – Seychelles
Gasteracantha s. legendrei Emerit, 1974 – Europa Is.
Gasteracantha s. mangrovae Emerit, 1974 – Madagascar
G. sapperi Dahl, 1914 – New Guinea
G. sauteri Dahl, 1914 – China, Taiwan, Vietnam
G. scintillans Butler, 1873 – Solomon Is.
G. signifera Pocock, 1898 – Solomon Is.
Gasteracantha s. bistrigella Strand, 1911 – Papua New Guinea (Bismarck Arch.)
Gasteracantha s. heterospina Strand, 1915 – Papua New Guinea (Bismarck Arch.)
Gasteracantha s. pustulinota Strand, 1911 – Papua New Guinea (Bismarck Arch.)
G. simoni O. Pickard-Cambridge, 1879 – Central Africa
G. sororna Butler, 1873 – India
G. sturi (Doleschall, 1857) – Laos, Sumatra, Java, Borneo, Moluccas
G. subaequispina Dahl, 1914 – Borneo, New Guinea
G. taeniata (Walckenaer, 1841) – India to Polynesia
Gasteracantha t. analispina Strand, 1911 – New Guinea
Gasteracantha t. anirensis Strand, 1911 – Papua New Guinea (New Ireland)
Gasteracantha t. lugubris Simon, 1898 – Solomon Is.
Gasteracantha t. novahannoveriana Dahl, 1914 – Papua New Guinea (Bismarck Arch.)
G. theisi Guérin, 1838 – Indonesia, New Guinea
G. thomasinsulae Archer, 1951 – São Tomé and Príncipe
G. thorelli Keyserling, 1864 – Madagascar
G. tondanae Pocock, 1897 – Indonesia (Sulawesi)
G. transversa C. L. Koch, 1837 – Indonesia (Sumatra, Java)
G. unguifera Simon, 1889 – China, India
G. versicolor (Walckenaer, 1841) – Central, East, Southern Africa
Gasteracantha v. avaratrae Emerit, 1974 – Madagascar
Gasteracantha v. formosa Vinson, 1863 – Madagascar
G. westringi Keyserling, 1864 – Australia, Admiralty Is., New Caledonia
References
External links
Video of a spiny orbweaver's heart beating
Araneidae
Araneomorphae genera
Cosmopolitan spiders
Taxa named by Carl Jakob Sundevall
The 1961–62 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1961–62 college men's basketball season.
Roster
Jerry Gardner
Nolen Ellison
Jim Dumas
Harry Gibson
Loye Sparks
John Matt
Robert Buddy Vance
Lee Flachsbarth
Jay Roberts
Carl Deane
Derrill Gwinner
Pete Townsend
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
The 1989 Freedom Bowl was a college football bowl game played on December 30 at Anaheim Stadium in Anaheim, California. The game featured the Washington Huskies of the Pacific-10 Conference and the Florida Gators of the Southeastern Conference, who were led by junior Emmitt Smith, a consensus All-American at running back.
Teams
Washington
The Huskies opened with two wins, lost three straight, then won five of six to finish the regular season tied for second in the Pac-10.
Florida
The Gators lost their opener, won six straight, then lost three of four to finish the regular season tied for fourth in the SEC. Head coach resigned in early October after allegations of NCAA rules and defensive coordinator Gary Darnell was the interim
Game
Washington built a twenty-point lead at halftime and Smith gained only 17 yards on seven carries, as Florida was forced to go to the air in the second half. It was Smith's lowest rushing total since their first game as a first-year student, when they were a reserve.
Scoring
First quarter
Washington – Mario Bailey 21 pass from Cary Conklin (John McCallum kick)
Florida – Donald Douglas 67 run (John David Francis kick)
Washington – Field goal, McCallum 21
Washington – Andre Riley 10 pass from Conklin (McCallum kick)
Second quarter
Washington – Jaime Fields recovered blocked punt in end zone (McCallum kick)
Washington – Field goal, McCallum 32
Third quarter
No scoring
Fourth quarter
Washington – Mark Brunell 20 run (McCallum kick)
Statistics
{| class=wikitable style="text-align:center"
! Statistics !! Washington !! Florida
|-
|align=left|First Downs || 28 || 10
|-
|align=left|Rushes–yards|| 45–191|| 25–83
|-
|align=left|Passing yards || 242 || 148
|-
|align=left|Passes || 24–44–0 || 11–28–1
|-
|align=left|Total yards || 433 || 231
|-
|align=left|Punts–average ||7–37|| 8–33
|-
|align=left|Fumbles–lost ||0–0|| 7–3
|-
|align=left|Turnovers by||0||4
|-
|align=left|Penalties-yards ||9–86|| 9–85
|-
|align=left|Time of possession ||41:52||18:08
|}
Aftermath
Unranked since early October, Washington was #23 in the end played in the next three Rose Bowls, which included a shared national championship after the second. Florida hired alumnus Steve Spurrier as head coach the and they led the Gators for twelve seasons. Smith skipped their senior season and was selected seventeenth overall in the 1990 NFL Draft; they won three Super Bowls with the Dallas Cowboys and is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
This was the last bowl game between the Pac-10 and SEC until the 2010 season, when Auburn met Oregon in the national championship game in Arizona.
References
Freedom Bowl
Freedom Bowl
Florida Gators football bowl games
Washington Huskies football bowl games
Freedom Bowl
December 1989 sports events in the United States
The Kansas City Electronic Music and Arts Alliance (KcEMA) is a not-for-profit promoter of electroacoustic music, electronic music and electronic art in the Kansas City metro area.
Mission
The Kansas City Electronic Music and Arts Alliance (KcEMA) was founded in 2007 to encourage and develop understanding and appreciation of electronic music and to create an expansive sense of community for electronic musicians and other artists in the Kansas City Area. KcEMA organizes concerts of electronic music and collaborative projects with generative and performing artists. KcEMA provides a forum for electronic musicians and artists in other media to collaborate, exchange ideas, and grow as an interactive, supportive community.
Articles & Reviews
"...intense, sensorially immersive, emotionally evocative, and thoroughly satisfying..." - Chamber Music Today
"...a mind bending program of audio/visual imagination." - Megan Browne Helm, KCMetropolis.org
"Top Ten of KC's 2009–10 season" - KCMetropolis.org
"The whole performance was accomplished artistry undiminished by the unusual dimensions of sound and sight." - Paul Elias Taylor, El Dormido
"One could say it was a healing of the wound between ‘fixed media' and ‘live' electroacoustic performance. The unity of the aesthetic effect of the musicians who performed live and the composers who engineered their fixed-media playback was among the best I've ever heard." - Chamber Music Today
"KcEMA is a vital organization in the already rich artistic landscape of Kansas City. You owe it to yourself to seek out one of their shows" - Lee Hartman, KCMetropolis.org
"...organic, arresting and spoke to the soul and human condition." - Lee Hartman, KCMetropolis.org
"You might be surprised by the music's emotionality, its sonic richness, its absolute abstract nature.." - Sarah Benson, ink Magazine
Board of directors
John Chittum, President
Christina Butera, Vice President
Cody Kauhl, Treasurer
Eli Hougland, Secretary
Stacy Busch, Public Relations
References
External links
Official website
Music organizations based in the United States
The German Lesson (original title: ) is a novel by the German writer Siegfried Lenz, published in 1968 in Germany. The English translation by Ernst Kaiser and Eithne Wilkins, titled The German Lesson, was first published in London by Macdonald & Co. in 1971 and later by New Directions in 1986. was translated into several languages and is considered to be one of the defining works of German post-war literature.
Plot
Siggi Jepsen (the first-person narrator), an inmate of a juvenile detention center, is forced to write an essay with the title "The Joy of Duty." In the essay, Siggi describes their youth in Nazi Germany where their father, the "most northerly police officer in Germany," does their duty, even when they are ordered to debar their old childhood friend, the expressionist painter Max Nansen, from their profession, because the Nazis banned expressionism as "degenerate art" (entartete Kunst).
Siggi, however, is fascinated by Nansen's paintings, "the green faces, the Mongol eyes, these deformed bodies ... " and, without the knowledge of their father, manages to hide some of the confiscated paintings. Following the end of World War II, Jepsen senior is interned for a short time and later reinstalled as a police officer in rural Schleswig-Holstein. When they then obsessively continues to carry out their former orders, Siggi brings Nansen paintings that they believe to be in danger to safety. Their father discovers their doings and dutifully turns them in for art theft.
When forced to write the essay on "The Joy of Duty" during their term in the juvenile detention center near Hamburg, the memories of their childhood come to the surface and they go far beyond the "duty" of writing their essay by filling several notebooks with caustic recollections of this entire saga.
Characters
Siggi Jepsen
Jens Ole Jepsen, Siggi's father, a police officer
Max Nansen, a painter, pursued by the Nazis, whom Lenz based on the expressionist painter Emil Nolde
Gudrun Jepsen, Siggi's mother
Klaas, Siggi's brother
Hilke, Siggi's sister
Adaptations
In 1971 Peter Beauvais filmed for the German TV-broadcaster ARD section SFB.
In 2019 Christian Schwochow directed as a cinema adaption. The film stars Tobias Moretti as Max Nansen and Ulrich Noethen as Jens Jepsen, with Johanna Wokalek, Louis Hofmann and Sonja Richter in further roles.
Release details
German: Deutschstunde (1968). Hamburg: Hoffmann und Campe, (First edition)
German: Deutschstunde (2006). Hamburg: Hoffmann und Campe, (20th ed., hardcover)
German: Deutschstunde (2006). Munich: Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag, (37th ed., paperback)
Chinese: De yu ke. (2008) Taibei Shi: Yuan liu chu ban shi ye gu fen you xian gong si,
French: La leçon d'allemand (2001). Paris: R. Laffont,
Korean: Togirŏ sigan (2000). Sŏul Tʻŭkpyŏlsi : Minŭmsa,
Danish: Tysktime (1996). København: Gyldendal,
Portuguese: A lição de alemão (1991) Lisboa: Publ. Dom Quixote,
Spanish: Lección de alemán (1990) Madrid: Debate,
Estonian: Saksa keele tund (1975). Translated by Rita Tasa. Tallinn: Eesti Raamat.
Finnish: Saksantunti (1974). Helsinki: Uusi kirjakerho,
Romanian: Ora de germană (1972). București: Editura Univers.
Russian: Урок немецкого (1970). Москва: Прогресс,
Slovak: Hodina nemčiny (1972). Bratislava: Slovenský Spisovatel',
Czech: Hodina němčiny (1974). Praha: Odeon,
Hebrew: השיעור בגרמנית (1978)
Vietnamese: Giờ Đức văn (2019). Translated by Hoàng Đăng Lãnh: Nhã Nam Books.
Catalan: Lliçó d'alemany (2016). Translated by Joan Ferrarons. Barcelona: Club Editor,
References
1968 novels
German novels adapted into films
Novels set in Hamburg
Brooklands Members (BM) are the official support group for Brooklands Museum in Weybridge, Surrey, England. It is governed by a charitable trust. The BTM's main aims are to financially support and promote Brooklands Museum. Principally funds are raised for the Museum through subscriptions to the BTM and by additional fund raising activities throughout the year such as an annual Classic Car Show & Jumble, a series of popular talks and other events The BTM also fund specific projects such as the restoration of the Pratts petrol pagoda which was opened in October 2010 by Prince Michael of Kent, the replacement of the Test Hill railings and the recreation of the iconic Brooklands Scoreboard. In 2019 the group funded an exhibition at Brooklands for the first time - the First to The Fastest exhibition featured the Museum's Vickers Vimy and the Transatlantic air race winning Harrier from 1969.
History
Construction of Brooklands motor racing circuit began in 1906 after the landowner, Hugh Fortescue Locke-King, visited the Targa Florio and Brescia, Italy and wanted to create a place in England where motor racing could occur away from normal public roads. The track was constructed in less than a year opening in 1907. It flourished as both a motor racing circuit and aviation centre until 1914 and the advent of World War I. Reopening in 1920 Brooklands once again became prominent in motor racing and aviation. In 1939 the circuit was closed once again and did not re open.
After many years of industrial neglect, the site now being owned by Vickers (later British Aircraft Corporation and British Aerospace), the Brooklands Society formed in 1967 with the intention to preserve as much of the remaining track and buildings as possible. Following the sale of the land by British Aerospace a charitable trust was formed in 1987 with the intention of starting a Museum dedicated to the Brooklands site and based on the original 1907 clubhouse. Following negotiations with the new landowners, Gallaghers, the Museum was established on thirty acres surrounding the clubhouse including the Members banking and Test Hill.
To raise funds and support for the Museum two new groups were formed, principally the Friends of Brooklands Museum but also a more prestigious entity the Brooklands Club. After the initial renovation, the Museum opened in 1991 displaying artifacts from both motoring and aviation related to the Brooklands site.
In 2007 a move was made to amalgamate the support groups for the Museum which resulted in two of them, the Friends of Brooklands Museum and the Brooklands Club joining together to form the Brooklands Trust Members under the auspices of the Brooklands Museum Trust. The Brooklands Society remained independent from the Museum itself.
The BTM was officially launched in the Summer of 2008 with its first full season of activity the following year. The first chairperson of the new group was Philip Strickland and the vice-chairpeople were Robert Hall and Ian Macgregor. The president of the BTM was Sir Stirling Moss and they were welcomed at an inaugural dinner held at Brooklands in December 2009.
Ian MacGregor died in December 2010 and Robert Hall retained the vice-chair at the 2011 AGM.
Philip Strickland stood down as the founding Chairman at the 2014 AGM. Neil Bailey replaced them as Chairman and Julian Grimwade joined Robert Hall as joint vice-chairpeople, Robert stood down from the role in 2019.
Present day
By early 2020 the BTM had around 6,400 memberships worldwide, reaching around 19,000 people through those memberships. It publishes a bi-monthly magazine for Members, the Brooklands Bulletin, which went from a monochrome newsletter to full colour A5 magazine production in January 2009. In 2019 the Bulletin was re-organised and a new editorial team put in place along with new publishers, Hine marketing, to produce an A4 full colour quality magazine.
There is a monthly e-mail newsletter for members only plus a website. The group also run social network pages on Facebook, Instagram, Flickr and Twitter. It organises a series of well-received evening lectures for members at Brooklands Museum featuring speakers from the motoring and aviation fields. Additional special motorcycle events are hosted by former TT rider and Moto GP commentator Steve Parrish, and Motoring evenings hosted by commentator and journalist Simon Taylor and the editor-in-chief of Autocar, Steve Cropley. The group also organise motoring and aviation-related trips, holidays and events to benefit Membership.
The BM represents Brooklands Museum at numerous events and shows throughout the year which have included the Le Mans Classic and Goodwood Revival through their "Outreach" Team.
Tim Morris was the original BTM administrator/Membership Secretary from 2009. The Administration is based in an office at Brooklands Museum itself. Due to increased workload they were joined by a second staff member, Katharine Allen and later Jeni Larwood. In 2019 Sarah Dover took over the assistant role. They remain the only two salaried members of the BTM, all other committee and helpers are volunteers. Tim Morris retired in 2020 but continued as a volunteer with the Talks team, BM.tv and social media.
An offshoot of the Brooklands Members has been Brooklands Members.tv (BM.tv) A small group who organise all the Members' live talks at the Museum and also record videos of Brooklands life and events which are broadcast on their online channels on Vimeo and YouTube. They are principally produced by Mark Jarman, Tim Morris and Steve Clarke. In addition to the filmed output a monthly radio show called The Track was created in 2020 for broadcast on Brooklands Radio.
At the 2014 AGM Philip Strickland stood down as the founder Chairman and Neil Bailey took the role.
In 2021 Neil Bailey is the current Chairman with Julian Grimwade Vice Chairman. Kevin Lee is the secretary. The original group name of Brooklands Trust Members was shortened to Brooklands Members at the 2019 AGM following a re-branding exercise by Brooklands Museum.
In June 2018 Damon Hill OBE became the second President of the Brooklands Trust Members.
The Coronavirus pandemic has affected the members' organisation, as Brooklands Museum has been closed for a considerable amount of time, leading to a decline in membership numbers. The Museum re-opened in April 2021 on a limited basis and then further in May 2021.
References
External links
Brooklands Members website
Brooklands Museum website
BM.tv Vimeo Channel
Organizations established in 2007
Charities based in Surrey
Museum organizations
Brooklands
In Tongan mythology, or oral history, Ahoeitu is a son of the god Eitumātupua and a mortal woman, Ilaheva Vaepopua. They became the first king of the Tui Tonga (Tonga king) dynasty in the early 10th century, dethroning the previous one with the same name but originating from the uanga (maggots) instead of divine; see Kohai, Koau, mo Momo.
Trip to the sky
When Ahoeitu was growing up, their ceaseless curiosity about their paternal heritage was repudiated by their mother, with their habitual inquiries gradually wearing down their resolve. Their mother, Ilaheva Va'epopua, was an earthly woman living in what is now Popua (called after their name), a suburb of the capital city, Nuku'alofa, and located near the large lagoon of Tongatapu. They were once the mistress of the sky-god, Tangaloa 'Eitumatupu'a, enjoying their affections and cohabitating with them when they visited the earth, an affair that led to the conception of 'Aho'eitu, prompting the sky-god to leave before their son was born. After years of constant queries, Ahoeitu's mother finally revealed to them the identity of their father. They directed them to the great toa tree, which the lad scaled, landing in their father's realm. They followed the path to which their mother had directed him, and found their father catching doves. Eitumātupua was moved to see their son, and invited them to their house for kava and food.
Sibling treachery and murder
Afterwards, the god introduced them to their other sons, Ahoeitu's older half-brothers, who were the sons of celestial women. These other sons, who were also living in the sky, were at that moment playing sika-ulu-toa, a volley-throwing game with javelins made from the wood of the toa (ironwood) tree. When their brothers were introduced to their half-blooded sibling, they grew extremely envious of him. Once they were left alone with 'Aho'eitu, they challenged their brother to join in the game, during which the boy was mortally wounded by one of their brothers' well-aimed javelins. The boy died, and their remains were cooked (some sources say they were not) and cannibalised by their gleeful siblings, who tossed their head into a hoi bush, making it poisonous ever since.
Resurrection
Some time afterwards, Eitumātupua sent a woman to fetch Ahoeitu, but they returned with the message that the boy was not to be found. The god immediately deduced what had happened and confronted their other sons, forcing them to vomit their brother's remains into a (a large wooden bowl, now widely used throughout the South Pacific islands for kava-drinking ceremonies) by tickling their throats. Noticing that the boy's head was missing, Eitumātupua sent a messenger to seek out the head and the bones. When the last of 'Aho'eitu's missing remains were located, everything was combined in the , together with water and some leaves from the nonufiafia, which is a known medicinal plant able to revive people who were near death. The contents were then stirred and the bowl covered with banana leaves, and then the process repeated a second and third time, when Ahoeitu suddenly sat up, body reconstituted and very much alive.
Resolution
They and their brothers were then summoned into Eitumātupua's presence, where the god rebuked their elder sons for their treachery. They punished them by confining them to the sky, while Ahoeitu was sent back to the earth, with divine mandate to become the King of Tonga. The wicked half-brothers repented, and begged their father that they also be allowed to follow Ahoeitu onto the earth. Their father eventually relented, but stipulated that regardless of their divinity and seniority in age, they and their descendents were to serve Ahoeitu and their house forever.
Royal lineage
From 'Aho'eitu, the Tu'i Tonga Dynasty that once reigned over Tonga and its historical territories is descended. Although the Tu'i Tonga title itself now lies defunct, the succession continues through the noble title of Kalaniuvalu as of 1865, when the last Tu'i Tonga, Their Majesty Sanualio Laufilitonga, died, leaving their son, the Lord Kalaniuvalu (né Viliami Fatafehi-'o-Lapaha), as the successor to a disgraced legacy. The current sovereign of Tonga, HM Tupou VI, is directly descended from Laufilitonga through the latter's daughter, the Lady Lavinia Veiongo, who was Kalaniuvalu's twin sister, which accords the Tupou Dynasty with customary seniority over Kalaniuvalu and their descendants courtesy of the old Fahu System of Tongan kinship. Apart from this, the House of Tupou are also directly descended from 'Aho'eitu as the rightful successors of the Tu'i Kanokupolu lineage, which was a junior branch of the royal bloodline tasked with governing the rebellious Hihifo district of Tongatapu. In this regard, it can be reasoned that the Tu'i Tonga dynasty and its kingship are still extant, making it the second oldest surviving royal dynasty after the imperial Yamato dynasty of Japan.
'Aho'eitu's older brothers were:
Talafale: they became the Tui Faleua (King [of the] Second House), a spare dynasty in case Ahoeitu's line would ever die out (which apparently has still not happened). They also became the Tui Pelehake (Favoured Ruler), another very high title. For years, Prince Fatafehi, brother to King Taufa'ahau Tupou IV, kept both titles, but after their death in 1999, only the Tui Pelehake title was inherited by their son, as the Tui Faleua title reverted to the Crown.
Matakehe: their line became extinct during the reign of the Tui Tonga, Tuʻitātui. He, and their younger brother, the Tui Folaha, were the guardians of the Tui Tonga's person.
Māliepō; their descendants are the matāpule, Lauaki, and the Kau Tufunga (Royal Undertakers).
Tui Loloko: their line is still extant. They and their younger brother were to govern in the name of the king.
Tui Folaha; their lineage came to end during the reign of the Tui Tonga, Tuʻitātui. Along with their brother, Matakehe, they were the guardians of the Tui Tonga's person, with the title ultimately having a bloodline directly connected to Houma, a village in the south-west of Tongatapu.
ʻAhoʻeitu has become the namesake for several other generations of their chiefly and royal descendants. The current king, Tupou VI, for instance, was baptised as Prince ʻAhoʻeitu ʻUnuakiʻotonga Tukuʻaho.
Samoan story of Tui Toga Aso'aitu (Tu'i Tonga 'Aho'eitu)
According to Samoan legend, Aso'aitu (Aho'eitu in Samoan) was the first Tu'i Tonga (ruler of the south) and son of a deified Samoan high chief, Tangaloa ‘Eitumâtupu'a, and whose mother was a Tongan woman, Va'epopua, of great noble birth. This double origin, entitled the Tu'i Tonga to hold both divine and secular offices. For Samoa in particular, it was especially important to have these genealogical links in order for one's rule to be legitimized. This is seen again in later centuries during Queen Salamasina's time, as they were descended from this same line of both Samoan and Tongan aristocracy. In principle, the close cultural and historical interlinkages between Fiji, Samoa and Tonga were essentially elitist, involving the intermarriage between regional aristocratic families.
References
R.D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989), 2–3;
N. Rutherford, Friendly Islands: History of Tonga (Oxford University Press: Oxford, 1977), 27–8.
E.W. Gifford; Tongan myths and tales, BPB Bulletin 8; 1924
External links
http://www.tongatapu.net.to/lore/tonga/tonga100.htm
History of Tonga
Tongan chiefs
Tongan deities
10th-century Tongan people
Legendary Polynesian people
The Women's 400 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 22 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 09:00.
Final
The final was held at 16:57.
References
Women's 400 metre freestyle
2016 in women's swimming
The Legal Electronic Data Exchange Standard is a set of file format specifications intended to facilitate electronic data transmission in the legal industry. The phrase is abbreviated LEDES and is usually pronounced as "leeds". The LEDES specifications are maintained by the LEDES Oversight Committee (LOC), which started informally as an industry-wide project led by the Law Firm and Law Department Services Group within PricewaterhouseCoopers in 1995. In 2001, the LEDES Oversight Committee was incorporated as a California mutual-benefit nonprofit corporation and is now led by a seven-member Board of Directors.
The LOC maintains four types of data exchange standards for legal electronic billing (ebilling); budgeting; timekeeper attributes; and intellectual property matter management.
The LOC also maintains five types of data elements in the LEDES data exchange standards: Uniform Task-Based Management System codes, which classify the work performed by type of legal matter; activity codes, which classify the actual work performed; expense codes, which classify the type of expense incurred; timekeeper classification codes; and error codes, which assist law firms with understanding invoice validation errors.
The LOC has also created an API that allows for system-to-system transmission of legal invoices from law firms and other legal vendors required by their clients to ebill, to the third-party ebilling systems. Other functionality is also supported in this very complex standard, which is intended to ease the burden at the law firm for managing client-required ebilling.
Electronic billing formats
The electronic billing data exchange format types provide a standard data format for electronically transmitted invoices, typically from a law firm to a corporate client. The LEDES e-billing format currently has the following variations:
LEDES 1998, the first "LEDES" format, created in 1998, but no longer in use. The format does not appear on www.LEDES.org.
LEDES 1998B, a pipe-delimited plain text file. The standard was adopted in 1998, and it is the more commonly used LEDES format in the US. It lacks flexibility, having a rigid structure, and does not support taxes on legal fees. Another disadvantage of LEDES 1998B is that invoice-level data is repeated on every line item even though it is only needed once, as it does not vary per line. Many clients attempt to impose nonstandard customizations, thus defeating the purpose of having a standard. Nonetheless, US-based law firms prefer it for its simplicity and familiarity.
LEDES XML 2000, adopted in 2000, is an older XML format that uses a DTD. In LEDES 2000, although the structure is well defined, the specification defines "extend" segments, allowing the insertion of client-specific fields without breaking the format or violating the standard. The format is no longer supported by the LEDES Oversight Committee and information on the format will be removed from www.LEDES.org on February 1, 2024.
LEDES 1998BI (international), a pipe-delimited plain text file, proposed in 2004 by the Legal IT Innovators Group (LITIG) and ratified by the LEDES Oversight Committee in 2006. Based on the LEDES 1998B standard, it includes all of the fields in the LEDES 1998B format, plus additional ones. This format was designed to accommodate legal bills generated outside of the United States and allows for one tax per line item.
LEDES XML 2.0, an XML format that uses XSD. It was ratified in 2006 and addresses international needs in XML format. Unlike earlier LEDES formats, XML 2.0 represents the nature of the financial transaction between the parties. It supports multiple taxes on line-items and provides AFA Support. It contains 15 segments and 156 data elements.
LEDES XML 2.1, ratified in 2008. It contains all of the data points in XML 2.0, plus additional segments and data elements to provide: enhanced tax functionality with support for Withholding and Credit Notes; and invoice-level global extensibility. It contains 16 segments and 194 data elements.
LEDES XML 2.2, ratified in 2020. It contains all of the data points in XML 2.1, plus additional segments and data elements to support tiered taxes. It contains 18 segments and 206 data elements.
Other data exchange formats
The other LEDES data exchange formats are as follows:
LEDES Budget was ratified in 2006. This XML format facilitates the exchange of budget data between law firms and clients.
LEDES Timekeeper Attribute was ratified in 2007 and revised in 2014. This XML format used to transmit timekeeper and rate data to from law firms to clients.
IPMM Invention Disclosure Standard was ratified in 2015. This is a set of XML schemas that can validate an XML document containing invention disclosure data.
UTBMS
The Uniform Task-Based Management System is a widely used system for coding legal work.
In April 2006, the UTBMS Update Initiative voted to merge into the LEDES Oversight Committee. Shortly thereafter, the LEDES Oversight Committee established www.UTBMS.com as the global reference for all known UTBMS standards, regardless of the organization that established the standard.
See also
Electronic data interchange (EDI)
Expense and cost recovery system (ECRS)
Extract, transform, load (ETL)
Notes
External links
LEDES website
UTBMS website
Data interchange standards
Legal communication
Industry-specific XML-based standards
Chase County (county code CS) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,572. Its county seat and most populous city is Cottonwood Falls. The center of population of Kansas is located in Chase County, about four miles north of Strong City.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau. In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles.
In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre. In 1848, after the Mexican–American War, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Spain brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states, including southwest Kansas. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
19th century
In 1806, Zebulon Pike led the Pike Expedition westward from St Louis, Missouri, of which part of their journey followed the Cottonwood River through modern Chase County.
In 1859, Chase County was established within the Kansas Territory.
In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway extended a main line from Emporia to Newton. In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a branch line from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This branch line connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior. At some time, the line from Neva to Lost Springs was pulled but the right of way has not been abandoned. This branch line was originally called "Strong City and Superior line" but later the name was shortened to the "Strong City line". In 1996, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway merged with Burlington Northern Railroad and renamed to the current BNSF Railway.
The south-western border one mile "notch" into Marion County was established under unusual circumstances. A murder had occurred and Marion County didn't want to have the trial, so a section one mile wide and eighteen miles long was permanently ceded to Chase County to ensure the murder had occurred there.
20th century
In 1931, Notre Dame coach Knute Rockne died in a plane crash a few miles southwest of Bazaar, in Chase County, Kansas.
In 1991, the county was the subject of the book: PrairyErth: (A Deep Map).
In 1996, the Tallgrass Prairie National Preserve was established in the county.
Historical markers
Landmark of Distinction - The Chase County Courthouse.
Chase County and The Bluestem Pasture Region of Kansas.
The Bluestem Pasture Region of Kansas.
W. B. Strong Memorial Railroad Park.
Historical maps
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Chase County is centrally located in the eastern half of the state in the Flint Hills geologic region. It's located in the Neosho River drainage basin.
Adjacent counties
Morris County (north)
Lyon County (east)
Greenwood County (southeast)
Butler County (southwest)
Marion County (west)
National protected area
Tallgrass Prairie National Preserve
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
Interstate 35 All of I-35 in Chase County is part of the Kansas Turnpike and inaccessible to the general public from within the county. The closest access points are via U.S. Route 50 in Emporia or Kansas Highway 177 in Cassoday. There is a private interchange located southeast of Bazaar for loading cattle. The overpass names the interchange the "Bazaar Cattle Crossing".
U.S. Route 50
K-150
K-177
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 3,030 people, 1,246 households, and 817 families residing in the county. The population density was 4 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 1,529 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.90% White, 1.02% Black or African American, 0.56% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.56% from other races, and 0.83% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.75% of the population.
There were 1,246 households, out of which 28.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.60% were married couples living together, 7.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.40% were non-families. 31.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.10% under the age of 18, 6.50% from 18 to 24, 26.60% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 18.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,656, and the median income for a family was $39,848. Males had a median income of $27,402 versus $21,528 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,422. About 4.10% of families and 8.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.00% of those under age 18 and 6.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Chase County is a Republican stronghold. The last Democrat to carry this county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1988, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Chase County USD 284 (most of the county)
School district office in neighboring county
Centre USD 397
Peabody–Burns USD 398
Marion–Florence USD 408
Communities
Cities
Cedar Point
Cottonwood Falls
Elmdale
Matfield Green
Strong City
Unincorporated places
Bazaar
Clements
Saffordville
Toledo
Wonsevu
Ghost towns
Birley
Clover Cliff
Elk
Ellinor
Gladstone
Homestead
Hymer
Morgan
Neva
Rockland
Rural
Thurman
Townships
Chase County is divided into nine townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
In popular culture
Made famous by William Least Heat-Moon's epic book PrairyErth: A Deep Map (1991).
NRHP sites
The following sites in Chase County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chase County, Kansas
Cottonwood River and Great Flood of 1951
References
Further reading
PrairyErth (A Deep Map); William Least Heat-Moon; Mariner Books; 692 pages; 1991; . (archive)
Clover Cliff Ranch: The Land and the People; Paul G. Jantzen; Partnership Book Services; 1997.
Chase County Centennial 1872-1972 / Chase County Courthouse Centennial; Centennial Committee; 1972.
Chase County - Its Past, Present, and Future; Chase County Leader; May 28, 1914.
Plat Book of Chase County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 39 pages; 1901.
External links
Chase County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Chase County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1859 establishments in Kansas Territory
Emporia, Kansas micropolitan area
John Collard Cocker (1815 – 27 March 1885), known as Joe Cocker, was an English cricketer who played a single first-class cricket match for a Kent XI in 1842. They were a key figure in the development of cricket in South Australia after emigrating to the colony in the 1840s and was the first curator of the Adelaide Oval.
Early life
Cocker was born at Thurnham near Maidstone in Kent in 1815, the son of Thomas and Mary Cocker. Their father was a farmer and John played cricket for sides such as Leeds, Bearsted and Yalding, where they played alongside players such as Alfred Mynn and William Hillyer and Ned Wenman, all of whom were key players in the great Kent sides of the day.
Cocker made their only first-class appearance for a Kent side in 1842 at Lord's just before the formation of the first Kent County Cricket Club. Although they did not play in any other first-class matches they seem to have been highly regarded as a lob bowler. They emigrated to Australia in 1846 and established a public house, the Kentish Arms, at Lower North Adelaide.
South Australia
In South Australia Cocker became an important part of the development of cricket in the colony. They were a "central figure" of the game in Adelaide and considered by the Secretary of the Adelaide Cricket Club as the side's best player at the time. They became the first curator of the ground which became the Adelaide Oval and has been referred to as the "father of South Australian cricket". The Kentish Arms was a venue for cricket-related functions in the city.
Cocker scored what is one of the first recorded centuries in South Australia. In a single wicket challenge match against a seaman they are reported to have scored 109 runs, dismissing their opponent for less than 20 runs in return.
Family
Cocker married Harriet Foster at Newington in Surrey in 1842 before emigrating. The couple had two sons and six daughters. Their sister, Mary, is believed to have married fellow immigrant Lewis Hollingworth, another Kent cricketer whom Cocker played alongside in club cricket and for West Kent. Cocker died at Lower North Adelaide in 1885 aged 70.
References
External links
1815 births
1885 deaths
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from the Borough of Maidstone
George Albert of Brandenburg (20 November 1591, in Berlin – 29 November 1615, in Sonnenburg, present-day Słońsk), was Margrave of Brandenburg as George Albert II.
Life
George Albert was a member of the House of Hohenzollern. They were a son of the Elector John George of Brandenburg (1525–1598) from their third marriage to Elisabeth (1563–1607), daughter of Prince Joachim Ernest of Anhalt.
In 1614, they succeeded as Grand Master (Herrenmeister) of the Order of Saint John (Johanniterorden), seated at Sonnenburg, which their older brother Frederick had headed until their own early death. After an agreement with Electoral Brandenburg, George Albert received a fief from Duke Philipp Julius of Pomerania. In 1615, they confirmed the privileges of the city of Sulęcin (.
George Albert died of smallpox at the age of 24 and was buried in the parish church of Küstrin. Their motto was: ("My acts and my life are devoted to God").
Footnotes
References and source
Johann Samuel Ersch: Allgemeine Encyclopädie der Wissenschaften und Künste, J. f. Gleditsch, 1842, p. 429 (Digitized)
Samuel Buchholtz: Versuch einer Geschichte der Churmarck Brandenburg von der ersten Erscheinung der deutschen Sennonen an bis auf jezige Zeiten, vols 3–4, F. W. Birnstiel, 1767, p. 490
House of Hohenzollern
1591 births
1615 deaths
Margraves of Brandenburg
17th-century German people
Oswald Roux (31 January 1880 – 18 April 1961) was an Austrian painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1880 births
1961 deaths
20th-century Austrian painters
Austrian male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Vienna
20th-century Austrian male artists
Theclinesthes is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Australasian realm.
Species
Theclinesthes albocincta (Waterhouse, 1903)
Theclinesthes eremicola (Röber, 1891)
Theclinesthes hesperia Sibatani & Grund, 1978
Theclinesthes miskini (Lucas, 1889)
Theclinesthes onycha (Hewitson, 1865)
Theclinesthes serpentata (Herrich-Schäffer, 1869)
Theclinesthes sulpitius (Miskin, 1890)
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Lower Lakes Towing is a Canadian shipping firm, operating on North American Great Lakes.
Them fleet includes
the Robert S. Pierson,
the Cuyahoga,
the Kaministqua,
the Manitoulin,
the Michipicoten,
the Ojibway,
the Saginaw and
the Tecumseh.
References
Shipping companies of Canada
Great Lakes
Great Lakes Shipping Companies
Jiaotong University, Jiao Tong University or Chiao Tung University () may refer to:
Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, People's Republic of China
Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, People's Republic of China
Southwest Jiaotong University, Chengdu, Sichuan, People's Republic of China
Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing, People's Republic of China
National Chiao Tung University, Hsinchu, Taiwan (Republic of China)
Jiao Tong or Chiao Tung may be translated as transport but it also means "extending in all directions". Engineering and managerial sciences are prioritized academic focus, not the exclusive fields of research in Jiao Tong Universities.
There are now also other universities named Jiaotong University which do not have the same origin as the above five Jiaotong universities, including:
Chongqing Jiaotong University, Chongqing, People's Republic of China
East China Jiaotong University, Nanchang, Jiangxi, People's Republic of China
Dalian Jiaotong University, Dalian, Liaoning, People's Republic of China
Lanzhou Jiaotong University, Lanzhou, Gansu, People's Republic of China
Chiao Tung University was created by the Ministry of Chiao Tung, Republic of China.
1956–present
National Chiao Tung University (Hsinchu, Taiwan, Republic of China.) (re-established in 1956 as National Chiao Tung University in ROC after retreating from mainland China in 1949)
1952–present
Beijing Jiaotong University (1952–1970, Beijing Railway Institute. 1970–2003, Northern Jiaotong University. 2003–present, Beijing Jiaotong University.) (Beijing)
Southwest Jiaotong University (1952–1972, Tangshan Railway Institute. 1972–present, Southwest Jiaotong University. 1972–1989, in Emei, Sichuan. In 1989, Chengdu campus constructed.)
1949–1952
Northern Jiaotong University (PRC) (formed by merging Engineering Institute and Peiping Railway Management Institute of National Chiao Tung University. During 1949 and 1950 named China Chiao Tung University. In 1952 divided into Tangshan Railway Institute and Beijing Railway Institute.)
1959–present
Shanghai Chiaotung University (Shanghai Jiao Tong University)
Sian Chiaotung University (Xian Jiaotong University)
1956–1959
Chiao Tung University (Shanghai Part, Sian Part)
1949–1956
Chiao Tung University (Shanghai) (PRC)
1928–1949
National Chiao Tung University, Shanghai. (ROC. During the Anti-Japanese War moved to Chungking.)
Tangshan (Civil) Engineering Institute, National Chiao Tung University, Tangshan, Hebei. (ROC. During the Anti-Japanese War moved to Hunan, Guizhou and then Sichuan.)
Peiping Railway Management Institute, National Chiao Tung University, Peiping. (ROC. During the Anti-Japanese War moved to Hunan, Guizhou and then Sichuan.)
1927–1928
Shanghai Chiao Tung University / First Chiao Tung University, Shanghai. (In 1927 Nanyang University renamed Shanghai Chiao Tung University and in 1928 renamed the First Chiao Tung University)
Tangshan Chiao Tung University / Second Chiao Tung University, Tangshan. (In 1928, Tangshan University renamed Tangshan Chiao Tung University and then renamed the Second Chiao Tung University)
Peiping Chiao Tung University / Third Chiao Tung University, Peiping. (In 1928, Peiping Chiao Tung University renamed the Third Chiao Tung University)
1921–1922
Chiao Tung University (Shanghai, Tangshan, Peking). (In 1922, Chiao Tung University Shanghai School renamed Nanyang University, and Tangshan School renamed Tangshan University. In 1923, Peking School renamed Peking Chiao Tung University.)
See also
Transport University (disambiguation)
The column, or technically the gynostemium, is a reproductive structure that can be found in several plant families: Aristolochiaceae, Orchidaceae, and Stylidiaceae.
It is derived from the fusion of both male and female parts (stamens and pistil) into a single organ. The top part of the column is formed by the anther, which is covered by an anther cap. This means that the style and stigma of the pistil, with the filaments and one or more anthers, are all united.
Orchidaceae
The stigma sits at the apex of the column in the front but is pointing downwards after resupination (the rotation by 180 degrees before unfolding of the flower).
This stigma has the form of a small bowl, the clinandrium, a viscous surface embedding the (generally) single anther. On top of it all is the anther cap. Sometimes there is a small extension or little beak to the median stigma lobe, called rostellum.
Column wings may project laterally from the stigma. The column foot is formed by the attachment of the lip to the basal protruding part of the column. One speaks of a mentum (chin) if the lateral sepals are also basally adnate (= attached to the foot of the column).
The column both releases pollen and also receives it (from another individual) for fertilization. In the family Orchidaceae, unlike almost all other flowering plants, the single male anther at the tip of the column produces pollen that is not free and powdery but held in waxy masses of two, four or six pellets called pollinia. The transfer of pollinia from one flower to another, though highly efficient, is often reliant upon one particular species of arthropods and it can be catastrophic for the population if its pollinator disappears from the community.
References
Plant morphology
Pollination
Orchid morphology
Tegel is a locality in Berlin, Germany.
Tegel may also refer to:
Berlin Tegel Airport, in Berlin, Germany
Lake Tegel, in Berlin, Germany
Tegel Foods, New Zealand poultry company
Peter Tegel, British translator
Jöran Persson Tegel, 16th-century Swedish politician
Tegel, a fictional character in the video game Tegel's Mercenaries
See also
Tegal (disambiguation)
Tomás Povedano de Arcos (Lucena, Spain, September 22, 1847 — San José, Costa Rica, February 29, 1943) was a Spanish painter, who spent much of their life in Costa Rica.
Biography
They studied painting in Málaga and Seville, a city where they worked as an illustrator while they were a student at the Academy of Fine Arts and taught private drawing lessons. Their artistic career began by decorating fans, which will be revealed later in a series of flower paintings and allegorical themes.
They collaborated with the movement that tried to establish the First Spanish Republic by writing in some media such as El Abanderado and El Baluarte; They were a volunteer militian and representative delegate of the Provincial Committee before the Municipal Committee of Republican Coalition. They were a Mason (he was even Venerable Master of the Respectful Lodge Hermes N. 7) and a theosophist.
In 1889-1891 they participated in the scientific, literary and artistic competitions of Seville and in 1889 they won a gold medal at the Universal Exhibition in Paris for a full-length portrait. That triumph contributes to winning the contest opened by the Legation of Ecuador to create a high school of plastic arts in Cuenca.
They arrived in that South American country in 1892 and founded the Academy of Fine Arts of Cuenca and also that of Guayaquil. During the time they remained in Ecuador they had important commissions for portraits.
They left Ecuador in 1896 to move to Mexico, but on the way they stopped in Costa Rica at the invitation of the Government. President Rafael Yglesias Castro hires them to organize the National School of Fine Arts, which is inaugurated on March 12 of the following year in San José.
Povedano served as director of said School until 1940, when the institution becomes part of the University of Costa Rica.
Impressed by the aborigines, Povedano painted pictures that reflect, idealized, the culture, history, art and physiognomy of the native population of America. They also made an important national-themed work that includes landscapes and customs.
In 1926 they were selected - along with Enrique Echandi, Ezequiel Jiménez and Emil Span - to represent Costa Rica in the 1925 Pan American Painting Exhibition, sponsored by the Los Angeles Museum of Art and held on its premises. They participated in the Exhibitions of Plastic Arts sponsored by the Diario de Costa Rica and was honorary president - along with Span, a German painter who also taught at the Povedano School - of the Art Center. They contributed to the decoration of the National Theater with three great oils: Art, Commerce and Industry.
They painted portraits of several presidents and members of important families in the country. Among the first, is José María Castro, who Luis Guillermo Solís, after assuming the presidency in 2014, placed in their office. They introduced watercolor in Costa Rica and showed interest in the flora of the country, painting, like Span, pictures of orchids and other native plants.
Povedano also made illustrations for texts such as the Silabario castellano by Porfirio Brenes, the newspaper La Tribuna, the Páginas ilustradas and El Fígaro, as well as for the Historical Booklet of Costa Rica, which, written by Ricardo Fernández Guardia, is the history manual more used in Costa Rican education during the 20th century.
A teacher of a large number of young Costa Ricans eager to devote themselves to the plastic arts, Povedano was a clear representative of the academic style, which prevailed in the early years of development of Costa Rican painting. A great defender of the existence of the institution they created, they manage to keep the doors of the School open even in the most pressing economic situations of the country. They stood out in the portrait - they represented some of the most important politicians and characters of Costa Rican society - and in landscapes, customary and decorative paintings.
Their work was recognized with awards and distinctions, and after their death several important retrospectives have been organized.
They were the organizer of the Costa Rican theosophical movement and founder of the Virya Lodge (between 1905 and 1915 they directed the magazine of the same name), from which they derived the Dharana, which Roberto Brenes presided.
Povedano married first the Spanish Carolina Amores - with whom they had two children, María de la Cinta and Diego - and then with the Costa Rican María Esmeralda Inés de Jesús Loria Rivera (n. 12.10.1901); from the second marriage they had a daughter, María Elena (n. 25.06.1928).
Fine arts school director
Povedano implemented academicism in the School they founded and was a consistent opponent of the new pictorial trends of the late nineteenth century and the avant-garde of the early twentieth century. Thus, they wrote that the works of synthesism, cubism, futurism and orphism were "studies of contemporary artistic pathology, [...] engenders of dementia, that it is not conceived how they could have been accepted for a moment without severe rejection in peoples who presume to go to the head of civilization ».
As an essay dedicated to the plastic arts exhibitions held in San José from 1928 to 1937 points out, the School of Fine Arts was an "academy entirely with its back to the renovating tendencies of the time. Their works are aimed primarily at certain areas of social elite refinement".
Povedano students followed the copy of plasters and drawings that were part of the collection of classical sculptures and prints that the Government had acquired for teaching. It was a question of copying «the models imported from Europe with landscapes of an outdated arcadia». As for natural models, in addition to the portrait, still lifes prevailed: flowers, vegetables and fruits; Another frequent theme was the landscapes of lakes with roundabouts or swans, many of which "were archaic." "Hence, in some cartoons, many of Povedano's students were called" paints pillows and ribbons." And the absence of the Costa Rican was notorious, ”says the essay.
However, there is unanimity in recognizing their teaching skills. Povedano knew how to teach and possessed a very solid knowledge of pictorial techniques, which together with the fierce discipline they imposed gave good results.
Numismatics
Several works by Povedano served as the basis for images that were later recorded on banknotes that circulated in Costa Rica. The first in which a portrait made by the Spanish artist was used is that of 10 colones from 1903, issued by the Anglo Costa Rican Bank. This is a charcoal drawing by Braulio Carrillo Colina, which had been published the previous year in the Magazine of Costa Rica. This portrait is the most reproduced in Costa Rican paper money: thus, it was re-engraved on the 5 colón banknotes of the National Bank of Costa Rica in the 1940s, and in others of the Central Bank in the 1950s and 1960s.
The portrait of José Rafael Gallegos, who ruled the country twice, was chosen to adorn the 1-colon bill of the Costa Rican Anglo in 1917, but it never went into circulation.
The influence of Povedano's drawings is clearly present in the image that illustrates the reverse of the 10-bank National Banknote of the F series of 1939: the engraving of the aboriginal chief is very similar to the cacique huetar that the painter made for the historical Primer of Costa Rica.
In 1938, Povedano made a pencil drawing of Juan de Cavallón (currently in the Visual Arts Collection of the Central Bank), which three years later would be reproduced by the engraver of the printing house Waterlow and Sons, London, on the ticket 20 colones of the National Bank, series E, in 1941.
In the same year and in the same bank, the 2-colon banknote, series E, was circulated, which had on its back the modified image of The Rescue of Dulcehé, an unfinished oil painting by Povedano. The engraver of the printing house made the pertinent changes to present a finished work: they drew the characters of the figures insinuated in the original work, modified some positions of others and added background elements, as explained by Manuel Chacón, curator of numismatics in the Museums of the Central Bank.
Gallery
References
1847 births
1943 deaths
Costa Rican painters
Costa Rican Theosophists
Costa Rican Freemasons
People from Lucena, Córdoba
Spanish expatriates in Ecuador
Spanish emigrants to Costa Rica
Barbara Neis (born 1952) is a Canadian social scientist.  They are a John Lewis Paton Distinguished Research Professor in the Department of Sociology at the Memorial University of Newfoundland and Senior Research Associated in the SafetyNet Centre.
Career
Neis joined the faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences at the Memorial University of Newfoundland in 1984. By 1998, they received the President's Award for Outstanding Research. Neis and Steven Bornstein later became co-directors of SafeytNet Centre for Occupational Health and Safety Research. In 2003, they received a grant from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research to develop an East Coast Consortium on Workplace Health and Safety in collaboration with the Université de Sherbrooke and the Institut de recherche Robert-Sauvé en santé et en sécurité du travail (IRSST). Two years later, Neis was appointed to the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council. In 2008, Neis was honoured by the University of Tromsø in Norway with an honorary doctorate award.
By 2013, Neis was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada for their contributions to the fish stock industry. The following year, they collaborated with regional hubs in British Columbia, Ontario, Quebec and Newfoundland to help injured, ill, and impaired workers stay in the job market. In 2017, Neis was appointed the John Lewis Paton Distinguished University Professorship.
In 2018, Neis was the recipient of the 2018 Vanier Institute Award for their research contribution that helped advance families in Canada. They were also selected to sit on the Council of Canadian Academies Scientific Advisory Committee. A few days after being named to the council, Neis was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada.
References
External links
Living people
1952 births
York University alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Memorial University of Newfoundland alumni
Memorial University of Newfoundland faculty
Members of the Order of Canada
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Canadian women academics
Canadian social scientists
Women social scientists
Excessive Force II: Force on Force is a 1995 direct-to-video action film, starring Stacie Randall and Dan Gauthier. It was written by Mark Sevi and directed by Jonathan Winfrey. The film is a sequel to Excessive Force (1993), despite not bearing any relation to the original movie or its storyline.
Plot
Harly Cordell is an agent looking for revenge against their ex-boyfriend, now a criminal, who tried to kill them by shooting them in the head.
Cast
Stacie Randall as Agent Harly Cordell
Dan Gauthier as Francis Lydell
Bradford Tatum as Yates
David Hugghins as Martinez
Michael Wiseman as Bobby Tucci
Henry Brown as Captain John Buchanan
John Sanderford as Agent Tom Harris
Jay Patterson as Detective Wayne O'Conner
Cyril O'Reilly as Deacon
Anthony T. Pennello as Ingram
Anthony Paul as Mario
Steven Kravitz as Paulie
James Lew as Lee
Ray Colbert as Agent Denon
Mandingo Warrior as Ernie
Rick Tyler Barnes as Jimeson
Joe Maruzzo as Bartholomew "Barty D" D'Amato
John Mese as Dr. David Prender
Lisa Melilli as Miss McCarthy
Dan Lauria as Orlando Franco
Tom Wright as Grant Thompson
Terri J. Vaughn as Grace
Reception
TV Guide gave the film two out of four stars and stated: "The original Excessive Force was a ridiculous vehicle for low-level action star Thomas Ian Griffith; that film's only virtue was its colorful supporting cast. This film (originally written as a stand-alone project) is easier to take seriously, but lacks much in the way of colorful details to distract from its generic plot. The cast, writer Mark Sevi and director Jonathan Winfrey (a veteran of the Roger Corman stable) do what is expected of them, but their work lacks the spark that would set this movie apart from the countless other action mini-epics crowding the video shelves." "Monster Hunter" wrote: "It's as forgettable as its star (Randall has numerous credits, but has anyone ever been in so many sequels with the number "4" in the title?) and you'll find yourself sympathizing with the wooziness Harly's head trauma causes them as you struggle through this one. It can't even muster up the perverse entertainment of the laughably bad Thomas Ian Griffith unrelated predecessor, Excessive Force." Scott Weinberg from DVD Talk gave it two out of five stars, stating: "Notable for being the only movie in the history of cinema to use the word "force" three times in its title, Excessive Force II: Force on Force is your ultra-standard lady-cop ass-kick cable flick chestnut. It offers not one whiff of an iota of originality or real craftsmanship, but for what it is, EC2 delivers the goods with only a minimum of unintentional hilarity." Mitch Lovell from "The Video Vacuum" gave it two and a half stars and said: "Overall, I think Excessive Force II: Force on Force is about on par with its predecessor. It doesn't have that film's great supporting cast, but I think it's a better made film than the original. It's not great, but as far as Part 2's go, you can do a lot worse. And as far as movies with the word "Force" in the title go, this is about as good as it gets."
References
External links
1995 direct-to-video films
1995 films
American films about revenge
American action films
American sequel films
CineTel Films films
Direct-to-video action films
Direct-to-video sequel films
Girls with guns films
New Line Cinema direct-to-video films
Films scored by Kevin Kiner
Films directed by Jonathan Winfrey
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Seymour Manuel Lazar (June 14, 1927 – March 30, 2016) was an American lawyer known for their flamboyant personal life, prominent celebrity clients, and high-stakes investments, and their part in an illegal kickback scheme.
Personal life
Lazar was born in Brooklyn to Orthodox Jewish parents. Their family moved to a ranch in the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles when Lazar was young. By the time they were 12, Lazar was keeping the books for their father's accounting business. They graduated from Los Angeles High School in 1943, took a job at Lockheed, and enrolled pre-law at University of California, Berkeley. They were drafted into the Army Air Corps, served two years, and then returned to their studies. In 1949, they graduated from Berkeley with a degree in economics, and in 1951, from University of Southern California with a law degree.
Their first marriage ended in divorce. Their second marriage, to Alyce Lou, lasted until their death. They have three children from their two marriages.
Entertainment law
Early on in Lazar's career they specialized entertainment law. Their clients included Bob Dylan, Miles Davis, Joni Mitchell, Lenny Bruce, and the Beatles. They dated Maya Angelou when they were working as a cabaret singer. They later stated that they helped launch their career as a poet.
Stock trading
In the 1960s, Lazar began investing in oil wells in Texas and Louisiana, a Spanish-language newspaper, timberland in Indonesia, and stocks. According to New York Magazine, they became "the single largest individual stock trader during the sixties", buying and selling more tham $300 million in stocks in 1967 alone. Most of these investments were related to mergers and acquisitions. They had a few big losses, including a proposed merger between Armour and General Host (owner of Frank's Nursery & Crafts) that fell through in 1969.
The Latter-day Saint will
In 1976, Lazar joined a group that was trying to prove that a will found in the headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City was the final will of Howard Hughes. Lazar invested $250,000 in the investigation. A Nevada jury ruled that the will was a fake.
Milberg Weiss kickback scheme
Lazar developed a professional relationship with Milberg Weiss, a New York law firm known for handling class-action lawsuits. Over a period of about 25 years, they and members of their family participated, as plaintiffs, in over 50 class-action suits against companies like Hertz and United Airlines. In 2005, a federal investigation of these activities led to an indictment against Lazar for taking $2.6 million in kickbacks from Milberg Weiss. They were charged with mail fraud and money-laundering. In 2007, Lazar plead guilty to obstruction of justice, filing a false tax return and making a false declaration; they were sentenced to six months of home detention and ordered to pay a $600,000 fine, on top of a previously ordered $1.5 million forfeiture.
Lazar died at their home in Palm Springs in 2016.
In 2016, Lazar's daughter, Tara Lazar, opened a speakeasy in Palm Springs and named it Seymour's after their father.
References
1927 births
2016 deaths
People from Brooklyn
20th-century American Jews
20th-century American lawyers
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Southern California alumni
21st-century American Jews
Robert Richard "Rob" Dyson (born June 21, 1946) is a retired American sports car racing driver and owner of Dyson Racing.
Dyson began competing in amateur SCCA competition in 1974 and began racing professionally in IMSA GTO and the Trans-Am Series in 1982. In 1985 be purchased a Porsche 962 from Bruce Leven and began racing in IMSA GTP. In 1995 their team was the first to run the new Riley & Scott Mk III, refusing to run the Ferrari 333 SP, as they felt it would make the World Sportscar Championship a "spec series" if all major teams were running the car. Rob and their team with its R&S Mk III won the 1997 24 Hours of Daytona with an "all star" squad of seven drivers including sports car legends James Weaver, Elliott Forbes-Robinson, and Butch Leitzinger. The Dyson team again won the race in 1999, this time without Rob Dyson as one of the drivers. The team later purchased Lola chassis and began racing in the American Le Mans Series, where it currently competes. Dyson retired from full-time racing in 2003 but continued to drive part-time until 2007. Rob's son Chris Dyson drove for the team from 2001 to 2013.
Racing record
SCCA National Championship Runoffs
24 Hours of Le Mans results
References
External links
Dyson Racing
Rob Dyson at Driver Database
1946 births
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
24 Hours of Daytona drivers
American Le Mans Series drivers
Rolex Sports Car Series drivers
Trans-Am Series drivers
Living people
SCCA National Championship Runoffs winners
Racing drivers from New York (state)
Pamlico Capital, which was formerly called First Union Capital Partners and then Wachovia Capital Partners, is an independent private equity firm focused on growth capital and leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies in the business services, technology services, telecommunications and healthcare industries.
The firm, which is based in Charlotte, North Carolina, was founded in 1988 as the private equity investment arm of First Union Corporation. The firm has invested approximately $3.8 billion in more than 200 companies since inception across two funds.
The firm is named for the Pamlico Sound, which is located in North Carolina.
Investments
Among the firm's notable investments are Daxko, Dexter & Chaney, Lightower Fiber Networks, MetaMetrics, Secure-24, Service Express, symplr, TMW Systems and Wilcon.
Spinout from Wells Fargo
Founded as First Union Capital Partners in 1988, the firm served as the private equity investment arm of First Union, a commercial bank based in Charlotte. The firm changed its name to Wachovia Capital Partners following the merger of First Union and Wachovia in 2001, under Managing Partners Scott Perper, currently serving as Head of Pamlico Capital, and Ted Gardner.
In 2005, Frederick (Eric) W. Eubank and L. Watts Hamrick, among the original partners at conception of First Union Capital Partners, were named Managing Partners of the firm alongside Scott Perper, Chief Financial Officer Tracey M. Chaffin, and Partners: Art C. Roselle, Walker C. Simmons, and Scott R. Stevens; all of whom remain with the firm to date.
As a captive private equity investment arm, the firm focused on growth capital, leveraged buyout and mezzanine capital investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries. The firm invested both as the lead investor or an equity co-investor alongside other financial sponsors.
During the financial crisis of 2008, the firm's parent, Wachovia was acquired by Wells Fargo, which had an existing private equity platform, Norwest Equity Partners. In March 2010, the firm completed a spinout from Wells Fargo.
Pamlico Capital Funds
In October 2013, Pamlico Capital closed Fund III at $650 million, well-exceeding the original goal of $500 million. Pamlico Capital III is the first fund raised after the spin-out from Wells Fargo in 2010. While previous Funds had a majority of investment from the financial institution, Pamlico Capital III exclusively includes outside investors: AlpInvest Partners, Constitution Capital Partners, GE Pension Trust, HarbourVest Partners, affiliates of Hartford Investment Management Company (HIMCO), HOOPP Capital Partners (the private equity arm of the Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan), John Hancock Financial Services, SCM Strategic Capital Management, AG and TIAA-CREF.
Three years later in November 2016, Pamlico Capital closed Fund IV at the hard cap with total commitments of $910 million. Pamlico Capital IV (PC IV) raised its capital in only four months, was oversubscribed and significantly exceeded the original $750 million target.
In February 2020, the firm closed its fifth fund, Pamlico Capital V (PC V). PC V was well oversubscribed with demand from existing and new investors materially surpassing the original $1.25 billion targets. As with Pamlico's previous funds, PC V will seek equity investments of $25 million to $125 million in growing companies with total enterprise values of between $50 million and $350 million.
References
External links
Pamlico Capital (company website)
Private equity firms of the United States
Wells Fargo
Investment banking private equity groups
Financial services companies established in 1988
Companies based in Charlotte, North Carolina
The Château de Magrin is French château established in the commune of Magrin in the Tarn region, Occitanie. It houses a museum dedicated to pastel. It was partly classified as a historical monument in 14 December 1979.
History
Built on a height of 330 meters overlooking the valley of the Agout and hillsides of Lauragais, the site may have been occupied by a Gallic oppidum, converted into Roman castrum, and then reworked by the Visigoths.
The first written record of the château dates from 7 August 1224, when the chatelain put themselves under the protection of the Count of Toulouse, Raymond VII. In 1279, a notarial act attributed their property to the Brenguier family of Puylaurens. During the Hundred Years War, a gang of bandits used it as a base for their raiding raids in the surrounding area, and, in 1502, it belonged to the Corneilhan family. During the wars of religion, its occupants became Protestants, and were welcoming of Henry of Navarre, soon to be Henry IV, in 1585.
Written traces are rarer, but it is likely that it was sold as a national good during the Revolution. It was partially burned as some traces testify, then was consolidated, allowing them to maintain a state of conservation.
In 1971, it was bought by a Mr. Rufino, the current owner who restored it in its entirety.
Pastel Museum
A vaulted room contains period documents, fabrics dyed with blue pastel, and old tools for the craft. There's a dryer that could hold up to 100,000 pastel balls called cocagne.
In the attic with apparent period framing, a projection room broadcasts a film about the history of the castle and pastel culture
References
Châteaux in France
Châteaux in Tarn (department)
SIMPLE, the Session Initiation Protocol for Instant Messaging and Presence Leveraging Extensions, is an instant messaging (IM) and presence protocol suite based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) managed by the Internet Engineering Task Force.
Purpose
SIMPLE applies SIP to the problems of:
registering for presence information and receiving notifications when such events occur, for example when a user logs in or comes back from lunch;
sending short messages, analogous to SMS or two-way paging;
managing a session of real-time messages between two or more participants.
Implementations of the SIMPLE based protocols can be found in SIP Softphones and also in SIP Hardphones.
Technical description
Presence
The SIMPLE presence specifications can be broken up into:
The core protocol machinery. This provides the actual SIP extensions for subscriptions, notifications and publications. RFC 6665 defines the SUBSCRIBE and NOTIFY methods. SUBSCRIBE allows users to subscribe to an event on a server, the server responds with NOTIFY whenever the event occurs. RFC 3856 defines how to make use of SUBSCRIBE/NOTIFY for presence. Two models are defined: an end-to-end model in which each User Agent handles presence subscriptions itself; and a centralized model. The latter introduces the concept of a presence server; all subscriptions are handled by this server. The message PUBLISH (RFC 3903) allows User Agents to inform the presence server about their subscription states.
Presence documents. The presence information is coded in XML documents, that are carried in the bodies of the respective SIP messages. RFC 3863 and RFC 4479 describe this procedure, RFC 4480 (RPID), RFC 4481, RFC 4482 (CPID) and various drafts describe contents and formats of the presence documents.
Privacy, policy and provisioning. If the centralized model is used, the User Agents need a way to define who may subscribe to which amount of their presence information. RFC 4745 and RFC 5025 define a framework for authorization policies controlling access to application-specific data. The XCAP (RFC 4825), carried by HTTP, allows User Agents to communicate their presence rules to a XCAP server, which rules the information exposed by the presence server. RFC 3857 and RFC 3858 define a subscription event "watcher info". User Agents may subscribe to this event to be informed who is subscribing to their presence information.
IM
SIP defines two modes of instant messaging:
The Page Mode makes use of the SIP method MESSAGE, as defined in RFC 3428. This mode establishes no sessions.
The Session Mode. The Message Session Relay Protocol (RFC 4975, RFC 4976) is a text-based protocol for exchanging arbitrarily-sized content between users, at any time. An MSRP session is set up by exchanging certain information, such as an MSRP URI, within SIP and SDP signalling.
See also
Message Session Relay Protocol (MSRP)
Presence and Instant Messaging (PRIM)
References
External links
SIP for Instant Messaging and Presence Leveraging Extensions (simple) WG - IETF Datatracker
Rich Presence - A New User Communications Experience Technology White Paper
Instant messaging protocols
Application layer protocols
Working groups
Deuda () or Deuda Khel is a Nepali genre of song and dance, performed in the far western (Sudurpashchim) and mid-western (Madhyapaschim) regions of Nepal, as well as Garhwal division in Uttarakhand state of India on the occasion of various festivals, such as Gaura. The dance is performed by singing Deuda songs in a circulus by holding each-other's hands. It is considered as one of the cultural heritage of Karnali Province.
Deuda songs are very popular in Dailekh, Kalikot, Jumla, Achham, Bajang, Doti, Dadeldhura, Baitadi, Bajura and Darchula. It is performed by group of male and female. It is performed during the feasts and festivals like Gaura Parva.
Etymology and history
The word deuda means slanted or crooked. The dance is called so because during performance the legs are moved in slanted manners. The song sung during the dance is also known as nyaauli after a bird. The dance is known as Dhacha in Jajarkot district.
The dance form is said to be originated in the historical Khasa Kingdom in Sinja valley of Jumla district. The dance was then spread around the neighbouring regions of the valley.
Performance
The men and women each form a group and hold hands while dancing in a circle. The song is sung without any musical instrument. The songs sung while performing Deuda is in Khas language spoken around the far-western and mid-western regions. The verse of the song alternates between question presented by male/female group and the answer by the opposite group. There are multiple subgenres of Deuda such as Thadi Bhakha, Rateri, Hudkeuli and Dhamari.
Song
Deuda dance song is sung in folk verse. In terms of letter structure, it consists of 14 syllables in a row. The songs sung during Deuda could be of various types such as political, social, domestic, romantic, etc. The lyrics are lyrical and rhythmic in nature. Some of the lyrics may also contain historical elements such as description of the valor of Nepalese people in the past.
See also
Dhan Nach
Maruni
References
Nepalese musical genres
Nepalese folk dances
Nepalese folk music
Khas culture
is an animated television series created by Leiji Matsumoto. It is the sequel to the 1982 animated film Arcadia of My Youth. However, like many of the stories set in the Leijiverse, the continuity of the series does not necessarily agree with other Harlock series or films.
The series premiered just as the Gundam craze began in Japan. Mobile Suit Gundam ushered in a new era of more realistic Sci-Fi anime that made the fantasy and melodrama of Captain Harlock seem outdated. Therefore, the series suffered low viewer ratings and was ended after 22 episodes - half of what was originally planned.
Plot
At the end of Arcadia of My Youth, Captain Harlock and the crew of the spaceship Arcadia had been banished from Earth. Earth, as well as many other planets in the universe, had been taken over by the Illumidas, a race of destructive humanoids, who ruin, enslave, and/or destroy almost any inhabitable planet they come across. In Endless Orbit SSX, Harlock battles the Illumidas while searching for a mythical "Planet of Peace," where all the peoples of the universe can live freely and without war.
It was not intended for Endless Orbit SSX to serve as a prequel to Galaxy Express 999 and the 1978 Space Pirate Captain Harlock TV series, as both Galaxy Express and SSX contradict each other, as well as the backstory given in the 1978 Space Pirate series. The 1989-1993 American comic book adaptations by Eternity Comics did, however, attempt to establish a continuity. The comic book series was not an actual adaptation of SSX, but liberally borrowed elements from the series, while introducing new ones in an attempt to establish a continuity with the Galaxy Express and Space Pirate series.
Characters
Captain Harlock
The Captain is an idealistic and chivalrous man, but not prone to showing much emotion. They share a strong bond with Tochiro Oyama, who built their ship, Arcadia. The ancestors of the two men were also friends.
Before they became a pirate, Harlock was a Captain in the Solar Federation, a human military organization. Their first post at the helm of a star ship was as the Captain of the ship, Deathshadow, a ship which later would be used against him. After the Illumidas took over Earth, and their wife Maya was killed, they were banished to space. Harlock became an outlaw and the captain of the Arcadia.
Harlock is a very skilled fighter and pilot.  They are also quite intelligent, though most of this intelligence is displayed in combat. Their combat ability was tested after the Deathshadow was sent after them with a computer programmed to fight like Harlock controlling the old ship. It was one of the few times that Captain Harlock has shown their emotions so vividly, as the ship caused them to become angry and frustrated.
Tochiro Oyama
A small, silly looking man with large glasses, Tochiro is extremely intelligent. They built the whole of the Arcadia by himself, and later inserted their mind into the ship's computer. They can generally be found on the bridge of the ship, or working in the computer room or the engine room. They love to tinker with electronic things. In one episode Tochiro rebuilds an old radio on the ship, and then later communicates with Harlock via this radio using a second radio that builds out of parts salvaged from a destroyed Illumidas ship.
 They are generally very friendly, though they are sometimes quick to anger, even with friends. They will staunchly defend their beliefs, their great friend Captain Harlock, and Emeraldas, whom they have a crush on. By contrast, when faced with enemies or a bar fight, they will remain calm, or even allow themselves to be humiliated if it means either not fighting or getting the upper hand eventually.
Emeraldas
Though they only appears in a few episodes, Emeraldas had a substantial role in Arcadia of My Youth and is a major character in the Lejiverse.  They are an old friend of Harlock's, and is very much like them in many ways. They have similar beliefs as him, and also fights against the Illumidas on their ship the Queen Emeraldas. However they are more solitary than Harlock, with themselves being the only crew member of their ship. They do eventually fall in love with Tochiro, though they never says so outright, and they die before a relationship can develop. This is somewhat different from the 1978 Space Pirate series where Emeraldas and Tochiro are definitely in a relationship and have a child. Also, Emeraldas became solitary only after Tochiro's death.
Emeraldas' trademark is a single red rose. They leaf one to show they are or has been at a location, and also gives them as a token of farewell.
Kei Yuki
Kei is another of the Arcadia's young crew members, though they are treated as an adult by the rest of the crew.  They are a kind and brave girl, who risks their lives for their crew mate Tochiro.  They are also trusted by young Rebi, and brings human emotion to the often stoic bridge crew.
Kei grew up on a small space station with their father Goro, a publisher of Anti-Illumidas newspapers. Captain Herlock came to the station to find out more information about the "Treasure Island Legend". Though Goro distrusted them at first, the elder Yuki eventually sacrifices their lives so that the Arcadia, with their daughter on board, can escape. They would further influence their daughter's life when it is revealed that Kei has the "Treasure Island Legend" information embedded in their sub-conscience, thanks to him. Kei Yuki also appears in the 1978 Space Pirate series but is given a different background story.
La Mime
La Mime is a humanoid creature who looks like a mouthless, blank-eyed female. When they speak a blue light winks on and off along with their words. They work on the bridge of the Arcadia, and rarely is seen far from their post.
Like the Captain, La Mime usually shows little emotion, but this may be because of their facial features. They feel a great sorrow for their planet, which was destroyed by the Illumidas. They were enslaved by them, though they later escaped them after helping Harlock act against them.
La Mime treasures a seashell that is all they have of their home, Planet Allosaurus. They love it so much that they are able to distinguish a fake that Harlock had made to tell between them and an impostor. They later gives the shell to Rebi. La Mime is similar to Mimay from the 1978 Space Pirate series in that both lack a mouth. The two characters are somewhat different in personality and ship duties, however.
Mr. Zone
Mr. Zone is a human who has joined the Illumidas. They have become a traitor to the human race largely thanks to their hatred of Captain Harlock. When they both were in the Solar Federation, Harlock caused Zone to lose their job as a ship designer when Harlock claimed their ship designs were unsafe. Mr. Zone's thirst for revenge caused them to join the Illumidas, who also want Captain Harlock and the Arcadia destroyed.
Later, Mr. Zone reveals a second motive - a desired to rule the universe. They secretly put together a force of humans, who help Zone take over an Illumidas ship after they acquire the Fire of St. Valkyrie, an immensely powerful force.
The character Alexander Nevich in the American 1989-1993 Eternity Comics Captain Harlock comic books is clearly based on Mr. Zone in both appearance and character.
Tadashi Monono
Tadashi is the second youngest member of the crew, and like Rebi, they are an orphan. Their family died during an Illumidas invasion on their planet and the starvation that followed. They originally planned to kill Harlock and collect the sizable bounty on the Captain's head. Instead, they end up joining Harlock's crew as their cook.
Tadashi is often hot heated and impulsive, and wants to be treated as an adult, though they are still a child. They do eventually prove themselves their worth when they alone goes on a mission to destroy a computer whose mind controlling waves only affects adults. This is a totally separate character from Tadashi Daiba who is seen in the 1978 Space Pirate series. The U.S. Eternity comics adaptation has another character named Tadashi who is not only slightly younger but, unlike other versions, is written to serve as the audience surrogate.
Rebi
Rebi (alternately, "Revi") is a young girl whose mother is dead and whose father is a mystery to them All they know is that they are in space somewhere.  They are adopted by Dr. Ban and later joins the crew of the Arcadia, after they save them and the doctor from an attack on the transport ship they were traveling on. Though they are too young to do any real work, they do help Tadashi in their duties as cook. At first they have a childish crush on the young cook, but later these two, the youngest people aboard the Arcadia, develop a good friendship.
Rebi eventually meets Capitan Bentselle, the man who is their father, but they are unaware of their true identity. Later, at Christmas time, they finally get a chance to speak with him. Sadly, they died after sacrificing themselves to save the Arcadia, leaving Rebi a true orphan.
Capitan Bentselle
Capitan Bentselle is the father of Rebi, and was Captain of the starship Deathshadow. They originally are a patsy of the Illumidas, and was sent to destroy Captain Harlock and the Arcadia. However, after inadvertently kidnapping their own daughter (as well as Dr. Ban), they became ashamed of themselves and ceased combat with the Arcadia.
After sustaining great injuries which left them a cripple and needing the use of several cybernetic prostheses, they eventually reappear to save their daughter. The Deathshadow was placed under the control of a computer programmed with all of Harlock's maneuvers. Thus Harlock could not defeat it. So Bentselle, after speaking to their daughter for the last time, infiltrated the Deathshadow and destroyed it, dying in the process.
Dr. Ban
Dr. Ban is a friendly, somewhat timid man, who adopts young Rebi after the death of their mother. They join the Arcadia with her, and joins the crew as the ship's doctor. They also become quite friendly with young Tadashi, and the three are often seen together. In the Eternity Comics comic book series, Dr. Ban is called Dr. Zero who was the doctor character in 1978 series Space Pirate Captain Harlock. Dr. Ban and Dr. Zero are two different characters in the original Japanese series.
There is also a character named Dr. Ban in Galaxy Express 999 but the character is so different from the doctor in SSX that no relation is generally assumed between the two.
Illumidas
The Illumidas are a species of humanoids who are militaristic and aggressively trying to expand their empire. Any planet that they take over becomes covered in wasteland, with most of the native inhabitants being either killed or enslaved. A few individuals from captured planets choose to work for the Illumidas, and some, like Mr. Zone, have managed to rise to a position of power in the Illumidas army.
The males are similar in appearance to human males, except they have green skin, and their hair often grows around the top and outer side of their eyes like thick eyebrows. They are identical in appearance to the inhabitants of the Comet Empire of Matsumoto's Space Battleship Yamato, though no connection is ever stated. The Illumidas are also generally the same height as humans, though there are few very short Illumidas males (there are none that are as short as men like Tochiro). No female Illumidas are ever shown, at least none that are green-skinned. Their home planet is only shown briefly, from a distance, before it is destroyed.
Episodes
External links
The Captain Harlock Archives
1982 anime television series debuts
Adventure anime and manga
Captain Harlock
Discotek Media
Science fiction anime and manga
Toei Animation television
Hivju is a Norwegian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Erik Hivju (born 1947), Norwegian actor
Gry Molvær Hivju (born 1970), Norwegian journalist, director, producer, and screenwriter
Kristofer Hivju (born 1978), Norwegian actor
Norwegian-language surnames
The white-vented whistler (Pachycephala homeyeri) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is found in the southern Philippines and a few islands of Malaysia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Taxonomy and systematics
The alternate name 'white-bellied whistler' should not be confused with the species of the same name, Pachycephala leucogastra. Formerly, some authorities considered the white-vented whistler to be a subspecies of the mangrove whistler.
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
P. h. homeyeri – (Blasius, W., 1890): Found in south and southwestern Philippines; Sipadan and Pandanan Islands, off eastern Sabah (Malaysia)
P. h. major – (Bourns & Worcester, 1894): Found on Cebu (Philippines)
P. h. winchelli – (Bourns & Worcester, 1894): Originally described as a separate species. Found in west-central Philippines
References
white-vented whistler
Birds of the Philippines
white-vented whistler
white-vented whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Seeing Stars was an Australian television variety series which aired live from 1957 to 1959 on Melbourne station ABV-2 (it is not known if it was also telerecorded for broadcast in Sydney). The series featured a mix of singers, dancers, vocal groups, and instrumental groups. Some episodes were "themed", for example 27 April 1959 episode featured a calypso theme while 16 September 1957 featured a French night club setting. The final episode aired 18 May 1959.
An episode of this series may be held by the National Archives of Australia (per a search of their website).
References
1957 Australian television series debuts
1959 Australian television series endings
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Australian variety television shows
The Centennial Tower, also known as Luneta Tower, was a proposed mixed-use observation tower initially proposed to be located in Rizal Park, Manila, Philippines. It was later proposed to be built in Pasig amidst backlash over the original planned site. It was planned to be a memorial to the 100th anniversary of Philippine Independence.
Architecture and design
The Centennial Tower was designed by Filipino architect Francisco Mañosa. It was planned to have a height of or equivalent to a 100-storey building. The proposed height was about 2 times higher than the Rufino Tower, the tallest building in Metro Manila as of 1996.
The structure designed by Mañosa was inspired from the sulo or bamboo torch to highlight the country's Asian heritage and character. The diameter of the tower's base was to measure . A restaurant was to be hosted by tower at two-thirds up from its base. Government agencies and private firms were to occupy the tower for office use which includes at least 18 firms expressing interest to use the upper portion of the tower for telecommunications use. The building's design would later serve as the inspiration for the 2019 Southeast Asian Games cauldron
Planned construction
According to a 1996 report, the tower was to be constructed and financed by German firm, Walter Bau-AG and was to cost around $200 million or around . If the tower was constructed, the German firm was to operate the tower for 23 years after which it will transfer ownership and operations to the Philippine government. The Department of Transportation and Communications was the lead government agency for the construction project. In July 1996, Walter Bau-AG has expressed that it was capable to finish the construction of the building by 1998 but such plans were jeopardized due to the indecision of the administration of President Fidel V. Ramos to green light the construction of the tower.
Earlier in March 1995, the firm that would construct the building was reported to be Malaysia-based Internal Finance and Marketing Corp. at a cost of .
Proposed location
The Centennial Tower was to be constructed in lieu of the skating rink at the center of the Agrifina Circle at Rizal Park due to its historical value, accessibility and aesthetic importance. The site was chosen over other six proposed sites – Corregidor, Fort Bonifacio, Clark Freeport Zone, Cavite, Subic Bay Freeport Zone and Greenhills. The first site was found to be too inaccessible to the public, Fort Bonifacio and Cavite are within the air corridor of landing planes, Clark and Subic are surrounded by laharlands which the proponents of the project find unappealing for potential visitors of the tower and Greenhills was found to be overcrowded. Rizal Park was chosen due to its accessibility to tourists and the general public, the popular sunset at Manila Bay and the site's historical connections such as the execution of Jose Rizal which led to the Philippine Revolution.
In April 1996, the National Centennial Commission decided to move the site of the tower to a lot owned by the Metro Manila Development Authority in the corner of Julia Vargas and Meralco Avenues in Pasig from the original controversial site at the Agrifina Circle. However, the construction of the project never began.
Reception
The chosen site was a subject of criticism with critics saying the tower might "desecrate" the site. Senators Blas Ople and Ernesto Maceda has suggested the tower to be built at the Quezon Memorial Circle or Fort Bonifacio instead of Rizal Park, where the Rizal Monument might be dwarfed by the structure. Senator Gloria Macapagal Arroyo called for the scrapping of the project altogether saying while they support effort to improve telecommunications in the country, they described the project as a "capricious" undertaking amidst the country's more urgent needs.
Mañosa answering to criticisms said that the tower will occupy the fourth quadrant facing Taft Avenue and it will be far enough from the Rizal Monument's quadrant. The architect remarked that the tower was "tall but not wide". They insist that the tower will boost the historic significance of Rizal Park and will encourage more tourists to visit the park. It was reported that the tower was to be constructed in an unstable base but Walter Bau-AG said it conducted soil analysis and guaranteed that the soil was stable and added that it had enough experience, resource and technology for the tower's construction.
See also
Pagcor Tower
Philippine Diamond Tower
Torre de Manila
References
Unbuilt buildings and structures in the Philippines
Skyscrapers in Manila
Proposed buildings and structures in Metro Manila
Opisthotropis haihaensis, the Hai Ha mountain stream keelback, is a species of natricine snake found in China and Vietnam.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2019
Reptiles of China
Reptiles of Vietnam
Odditties (with two ts) is a compilation album by New Zealand group The Clean. It was initially self-released on cassette in 1983 by Cleano Productions, and re-released by Flying Nun Records, first as a double LP in 1985 and then on CD in 1994.
Track listing
1983 self-released cassette
Side A
Odditty
Success Story
Thumbs Off
Yellowman
Getting Older
End Of My Dream
Platypus
This Guy
David Bowie
Mudchucker Blues
Side B
At The Bottom
Hold Onto The Rail
Fats Domino
Sad Eyed Lady
Tell Me Why
In The Back
Band That Never Was
Wheels Of Industry
Point That Thing Dub
Safety At Home
1994 Flying Nun Records CD (fncd 223 / D19901)
Odditty - 02:38
Success Story - 03:15
Thumbs Off - 02:55
Getting Older - 04:34
Yellow Man - 04:01
End Of My Dream - 04:14
Platypus - 03:49
This Guy - 00:52
David Bowie - 01:51
Mudchucker Blues - 00:54
At The Bottom - 04:43
Hold Onto The Rail - 02:19
Inside Out - 03:33
Fats Domino - 02:04
Sad Eyed Lady - 03:03
Tell Me Why - 01:41
In The Back - 01:59
Band That Never Was - 02:22
Wheels Of Industry - 01:18
Point That Thing Dub - 03:52
Safety At Home - 01:50
Lemmings - 02:27
Stylaphone Music - 00:45
References
The Clean albums
Flying Nun Records albums
Rough Trade Records albums
1983 compilation albums
Rafael William Dias Pinheiro (born 30 September 2001), known as Rafael William, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Coritiba.
Club career
Born in Salto, São Paulo, Rafael William joined Cruzeiro's youth setup at the age of 13. Released by the club in the end of 2016, they subsequently moved to Coritiba.
Promoted to the first team for the 2022 season, Rafael William made their debut with the main squad on 2 February of that year, starting in a 2–0 Campeonato Paranaense home win over Rio Branco-PR. A backup to Alex Muralha, they made their Série A debut on 12 June, starting in a 2–0 home loss to Palmeiras as Muralha was injured.
Career statistics
Honours
Coritiba
Campeonato Paranaense: 2022
References
External links
Coritiba profile
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from São Paulo (state)
Brazilian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
Douglas Kent Bereuter (born October 6, 1939) is an American retired politician from the state of Nebraska in the Midwestern United States. They served in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 until 2004. They also served as the president and CEO of The Asia Foundation from 2004 to 2011 and is a member of the ReFormers Caucus at Issue One. Bereuter is a member of the Republican Party.
Early life and education
Bereuter, a fifth generation Nebraskan, was born in York, Nebraska, and was reared in Utica, Nebraska, attended its Lutheran and public schools before graduating from Utica High School in 1957. They attended the University of Nebraska in Lincoln, where they were a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, with election to Phi Beta Kappa, and Sigma Xi, before graduating in 1961 with a B.A. and as a Distinguished Military Graduate. They attended the Harvard Graduate School of Design from 1961 to 1963, receiving its M.C.P. degree. From 1963 to 1965 they served as an counter-intelligence officer in the U.S. Army, with the 1st Infantry Division. After intervening public and private sector employment, from 1972-1973 they attended Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, receiving the M.P.A. degree.
Career
Bereuter worked as an urban planner with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development from 1965 to 1966. They were a division director for the Nebraska Department of Economic Development from 1967 to 1968, and from 1968 to 1970 they were director of the Nebraska Office of Planning & Programming and the State's Federal-State Relations Coordinator. After the 1970 election defeat of Nebraska's Republican governor, Norbert T. Tiemann, Bereuter worked as an independent city and regional planning consultant in the Great Plains and Rocky Mountain West and as a part-time associate professor in the graduate planning programs of both Kansas State University and the University of Nebraska. After their congressional service, Doug Bereuter was active in public service as a long term board member of the Arbor Day Foundation and the Nebraska Community Foundation, on supporting food security and agricultural development in Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia with the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, where they are a Distinguished Fellow, and for seven years as a member of the State Department's International Security Advisory Board.  They are a member of the Council on Foreign Affairs and the World Affairs Council of Northern California.
Political career
After defeating an incumbent state senator in their home district, Bereuter served in the Nebraska Legislature from 1975 to 1979. They were a member of the Nebraska Legislature's appropriations committee. As a Republican congressional candidate in the 1978 General Election, Bereuter received 58.13% of the vote and was elected to serve Nebraska's 1st Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. They were subsequently re-elected 12 times, never winning less than 59% of the vote. Their 26 years in the House was the longest for a Nebraska member of congress, exceeded only by the combined House and Senate service of both George W. Norris and Carl Curtis. They announced that they would not seek re-election for a 14th term, and retired from the U.S. House of Representatives on August 31, 2004 to immediately become the president and CEO of The Asia Foundation, where they served until retirement at the beginning of 2011.
After their initial assignments on the House Interior & Insular Affairs Committee and the Small Business Committee, Bereuter served 22 years on both the House Foreign Affairs and Banking or Financial Services Committees. As a leading member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, they served as its Vice Chairman and as Chairman of its Asia-Pacific and Europe Subcommittees. They also served on the Economic Policy & Trade and Human Rights Subcommittees of the Foreign Affairs Committee. On the Banking Committee, they served for 16 years as Chairman or ranking minority member of its International Financial Institutions Subcommittee. Bereuter also served a total of nearly 10 years on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, retiring as its Vice Chairman. Additionally, Bereuter served their last three terms on the Transportation & Infrastructure Committee; and they served on the House Select Committee on Hunger for the entire period of its existence.
Some of Bereuter's additional congressional responsibilities included service as a congressional delegate to the United Nation's 42nd General Assembly, as the founding Co-Chairman of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, and as Chairman of the Speaker's Task Force to Monitor and Report on the Transition Hong Kong (1996-2002). Additionally, they served on the U.S. Presidential Commission on Security and Economic Assistance (1983-1984) and on the U.S. Presidential Commission on Agricultural Trade and Export Policy (1985-1986). Bereuter also chaired the House delegation to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly for ten years, retiring after two years as its president. For their work on European and NATO expansion issues, they were the recipient of decorations from the governments of Bulgaria, Lithuania, and Romania. They also had leadership roles in parliamentary exchanges with the European Parliament, Japan, Korea, China, and the United Kingdom.
Among the bills that Bereuter authored was the Bunning-Bereuter-Blumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004. They also are co-author of the Bereuter-Levin Amendment, which made possible the passage of the act granting Permanent Normal Trading Relations with China. They were also responsible for starting the USAID Farmer-to-Farmer technical assistance program, which has taken thousands of American volunteers abroad. At the end of their congressional service, that program was named for him, along with a Farmers Home Administration program they authored to provide a home loan guarantee program for residents of small communities.
Bereuter generally had a moderate voting record. Their lifetime American Conservative Union rating was 63. Their speech at a Nebraska Republican Party meeting in 1998 underscored their moderate political approach and drew national attention when they urged the party to adopt a big tent policy by welcoming membership to people of any religious background through its practices and policies. In 2004, Bereuter endorsed state Senator Curt Bromm, Speaker of the Nebraska Legislature, as their successor in the U.S. House of Representatives. From a field of seven Republican candidates in Nebraska's Primary Election, Senator Bromm came in second behind Jeff Fortenberry after the Club for Growth made a large, last minute campaign contribution to defeat him. Shortly before they left Congress, Bereuter released a statement calling the Iraq War, which they had previously supported, "a mistake," and strongly criticized a "massive failure" of pre-war intelligence.
References
External links
Voting record maintained by the Washington Post
President of the Asia Foundation
1939 births
American cooperative organizers
Living people
People from York, Nebraska
Military personnel from Nebraska
Nebraska state senators
University of Nebraska–Lincoln alumni
American Lutherans
United States Army officers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
21st-century American politicians
People from Seward County, Nebraska
KHD Humboldt Wedag is an engineering company that supplies machinery, parts, and services, including process engineering and project management to the global cement industry. The holding company KHD Humboldt Wedag International AG, based in Cologne, Germany employs more than 750 employees worldwide, including customer service centers in the Americas, India, Russia, and the Asia-Pacific region.
KHD Humboldt Wedag International AG is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
History
In 1856, Hermann Sievers, Wimmar Breuer and Martin Neuerburg formed a general partnership, under the name of Maschinenfabrik von Sievers & Co Humboldt Wedag AG, formed in 1859 was formerly the industrial plant arm of Deutz AG.
In 1871, the company changed its name to Maschinenbau Anstalt Humboldt in honor of the famous German Scientist Alexander von Humboldt. In December 1924, under the direction of Peter Klöckner, the company entered into a cooperative agreement with Motorenfabrik Deutz AG which would later become Humboldt-Deutz-Motoren AG. Peter Klöckner secured approximately 78% of the capital of Humboldt-Deutz-Motoren AG and an agreement was made to bind the company firmly to Klöckner Werke AG, as a subsidiary. In 1938, after a deal with Klöckner Werke AG, the company changed their name to Klöckner Humboldt Deutz AG.
In the spring of 1969, the plant construction division was extended through the acquisition of a majority holding in Westfalia Dinnendahl Gröppel AG (Wedag) of Bochum. Further in 1972, Wedag and Humboldt merged to become KHD Industrieanlagen AG.
In 1988, after economic problems caused by misjudgments and bad investments combined with an unfavorable economic climate, the KHD group began a radical restructuring based on strategic business units, with KHD AG continuing to operate as a managing holding company. The group began showing a profit in 1989.
In 1993, KHD Humboldt Wedag acquired ZAB Zementanlagen und Maschinenbau GmbH.
Later in 2005 the company was acquired by MFC Bancorp; after its successful recovery, the holding company itself changed its name to KHD Humboldt Wedag International Ltd.
In 2009, KHD Humboldt Wedag divested its two subsidiaries, MBE Coal & Minerals Technology and MBE Cologne Engineering, to concentrate on cement.
In 2010, the company split into Terra Nova and KHD Humboldt Wedag International AG.
In February 2011, KHD and AVIC Beijing Co. Ltd signed a strategic partnership agreement.
In April 2013, KHD signed an exclusive and perpetual license agreement with Weir Minerals for HPGR (high pressure grinding rolls) technology. KHD would receive royalty payment on equipment sales.
In Sept 2013, AVIC International Beijing Limited bid to acquire further 19.03% of shares in KHD Humboldt Wedag International AG. On the completion of these transactions, AVIC will hold total 39.03% of the shares in KHD.
In Dec 2013,a joint statement by the management and supervisory Board said they welcome AVIC's aim to continue its support of KHD's current growth strategy and to maintain the commercial identity of the KHD Group.
Business concept
Apart from process engineering and project management, the company's products are classified into grinding technology, burning technology and process automation. The company also has a centralized test center in Cologne and a dedicated spare parts and plant services division.
References
Companies established in 1856
Cement industry
Manufacturing companies based in Cologne
Engineering companies of Germany
The Thunder Road Stakes is a Grade III American Thoroughbred horse race for horses age four and older, over a distance of 1 mile on the turf held annually in January at Santa Anita Park, Arcadia, California. The event currently carries a purse of $100,000.
History
The race was inaugurated on 11 February 2004 as a handicap and was won by Singletary who was ridden by US Hall of Fame jockey Victor Espinoza by a margin of one length in a time of 1:34.42.
The event was upgraded to a Grade III event for 2009 and was switched to the artificial main track because of weather conditions.
The event was not run in 2010 or 2012.
It was downgraded to listed status for 2013 through 2015 but was upgraded back to a Grade III event in 2016. It is currently run under allowance weight conditions with a purse of $100,000.
Records
Speed record:
1:31.78 – Tom's Tribute (2014)
Margins:
lengths – Hit the Road (2021)
Most wins:
No horse has won this race more than once.
Most wins by an owner:
No owner has won this race more than once.
Most wins by a jockey:
3 – Victor Espinoza (2004, 2006, 2015)
Most wins by a trainer:
2 – Phlip D'Amato (2017, 2022)
Winners
Legend:
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
References
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 3 stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-olds
Open mile category horse races
Horse races in California
Turf races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 2004
Santa Anita Park
2004 establishments in California
The Afrasiyab or Chalavi dynasty was a small Iranian Shia dynasty of Tabaristan (present-day Mazandaran province, Iran) and flourished in the late medieval, pre-Safavid period; it is also called the Kia dynasty. It was founded by Kiya Afrasiyab, who conquered the Bavand kingdom in 1349 and made themselves king of the region. In 1504, Ismail I invaded Mazandaran and ended Afrasiyab rule of the region.
History
Kiya Afrasiyab was the son of certain Hasan Chulabi, who belonged to the Chulabids, a prominent family of Mazandaran which served the Bavandids. Afrasiyab was the sipahsalar and the brother-in-law of the Bavandid ruler Hasan II (r. 1334–1349).
In 1349, the Bavandid ruler Hasan ordered the execution of one of their most powerful officials, Jalal ibn Ahmad Jal, who was from the powerful Jalali which governed Sari. The execution resulted in a revolt by the nobles of Mazandaran. Hasan then tried to get support from the Chulabids. However, the two sons of Afrasiyab, murdered Hasan while the latter was in a bath.
Afrasiyab then gained control of the Bavandid territories, thus marking the end of the Bavand dynasty and the start of the Afrasiyab dynasty. A son of Hasan managed to flee to the court of the Paduspanid ruler Eskandar II, who later tried to restore Bavand rule in Mazandaran, but failed to do so. Afrasiyab also faced another problem; the nobles of Mazandaran did not acknowledge their rule and viewed it as usurpation.
Afrasiyab shortly tried to achieve stability by asking aid from Mir-i Buzurg, a Sayyid dervish from Dabudasht. However, some of Mir-i Buzurg's dervishes acted hostile to Afrasiyab, which made them imprison Mir-i Buzurg and many of their dervishes. However, the supporters of Mir-i Buzurg shortly revolted, and freed them from prison. In 1359, a battle between Afrasiyab and Mir-i Buzurg took place near Amol, where Afrasiyab was defeated and was killed together with their three sons.
Mir-i Buzurg shortly conquered the territories of the Afrasiyab dynasty, and laid foundations to the Marashi dynasty. Afrasiyab had several other sons who tried to restore Afrasiyabid authority in Mazandaran. Their son Fakhr al-Din Chulabi murdered one of the sons of Mir-i Buzurg, which resulted in a massacre of most of the Afrasiyabid family. Afrasiyab's other son Iskandar-i Shaykhi, managed with the aid of Timur, to restore Afrasiyabid authority in 1393. Iskandar later aided Timur in their campaign to Iraq, Shirvan and Anatolia. After having achieved great success during the campaign, Iskandar was allowed to return to Mazandaran, but shortly rebelled against Timur. In 1403, Timur invaded Mazandaran to repress the rebellion. Iskandar, together with their wife and two children, then fled from Amol. Iskandar, fearing that they might betray him, killed them.
Iskandar was shortly killed by the army of Timur, who under the orders of Timur, had Iskandar's head sent to their son Kiya Husayn I, who had fortified themselves in Firuzkuh. Kiya Husayn I, after having seen the head of their father, agreed to surrender to Timur, and was pardoned by the latter, who acknowledged them as the ruler of the Afrasiyab dynasty. Kiya Husayn was later succeeded by their son Luhrasp, who ruled sometime around 1475. Their grandson, Kiya Husayn II, ruled over a large part of western Mazandaran, and districts of Firuzkuh, Damavand, and Hari-rud. During the dissolution of the Aq Qoyunlu confederation, Kiya Husayn II expanded their rule from western into central Iran, where they captured Ray and Semman. They also defeated Mohammad Hosayn Mirza, who was the Timurid governor of Astarabad.
They later became the enemy of the Safavid Shah Ismail I (r. 1501–1524), whom they may have seen as a rival for the command over the Shi'ites in Iran. In 1504, Kiya Husayn II's territories was invaded by Ismail I, who seized the strongholds of Gol-e Khan and Firuzkuh, and surrounded Kiya Husayn II in Osta, who was shortly captured. However, the latter committed suicide—his body was burned at Isfahan in front its inhabitants, whilst their followers in Mazandaran were slaughtered.
References
Sources
Further reading
Those Were Wonderful Days is a Merrie Melodies cartoon released in theaters on April 26, 1934 by Warner Bros. Studios. The film was supervised by Bernard B. Brown. The sound was recorded by them in the uncredited. The characters were animated by Paul Smith and Don Williams. The musical score was by Norman Spencer.
Plot
Set in 1898, the cartoon offers a nostalgic look at the United States at the turn of the century. It starts with a barbershop quartet, composed of four men with handlebar moustaches who play old-fashioned music on found objects, leading up to the annual Fourth of July celebration at the local fairground, where a hero and villain fight for the heart of a woman.
The original “So Long Folks” sequence was thought to have been missing due to a splice between an airing of Honeymoon Hotel which features that short's closing sequence. The original short, except for the titles, was found on a Nickelodeon Looney Tunes airing from 1990. However, a restored print with the correct closing sequence was featured in a 2021 episode of MeTV's classic animation series Toon In with Me.
References
External links
1934 films
1934 animated films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Norman Spencer (composer)
Films directed by Bernard B. Brown
Films set in 1898
Films set in the United States
Merrie Melodies short films
1930s Warner Bros. animated short films
Evelyn Mae Kitagawa (1920 – September 15, 2007) was an American sociologist and demographer who worked as a professor at the University of Chicago and became president of the Population Association of America and chair of the U.S. Census Bureau's Advisory Committee on Population Statistics.  They are known for their book with Philip Hauser, Differential Mortality in the United States: A Study in Socioeconomic Epidemiology, which discovered systematic correlations between the death rates of Americans and their income and level of education.
Kitagawa wrote the first paper on decomposing statistics into components associated with the joint movement of the levels and returns to predictors. This is noteworthy as an example of statistical sexism, in current publications in economics and even in sociology, their home discipline, the most common reference is to two male economists, Alan Blinder and Ronald Oaxca who published the same result almost twenty years later; neither paper cited Kitagawa.
Biography
They were born as Evelyn Mae Rose, in 1920 in Hanford, California, to a family of Portuguese Catholic descent. After earning a bachelor's degree in mathematics from the University of California, Berkeley in 1941, they began working for the War Relocation Authority, which ran the internment camps of Japanese-Americans during World War II, as head of its statistics unit. In one of the camps, they met their future husband, Joseph Mitsuo Kitagawa, who had come to the US in 1941 as a divinity student and became an Episcopalian minister while interned. After marrying him, their family disowned them and they lost contact with them.
Kitagawa earned their Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1951. They worked for a local urban research center, and then became an assistant professor at Chicago in 1954. They stayed there for the rest of their career, with a promotion to full professor in 1970, until their 1989 retirement. Them husband also worked at Chicago, as professor of history of religions and dean of the divinity school.
Them honors included election as a fellow of the American Sociological Association (1959) and American Statistical Association (1968).
Them daughter, Anne Rose Kitagawa, is notable as a curator of Asian art.
References
Further reading
1920 births
2007 deaths
People from Hanford, California
American demographers
American sociologists
American women sociologists
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Chicago alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
21st-century American women
First Term at Malory Towers is the first Malory Towers book by Enid Blyton. The book introduces the main characters including Darrell Rivers, Sally Hope, Mary-Lou, Alicia Johns, Gwendoline Mary Lacey, and teachers as Miss Potts and Miss Grayling.
Plot summary
Twelve year old Darrell Rivers is travelling by train to their new boarding school - Malory Towers - for their first year. They quickly befriend several of the girls in their dormitory, including lively Alicia and artistic but scatter-brained Irene, though they have trouble getting along with the spoilt Gwendoline Mary Lacey and the withdrawn and unfriendly Sally Hope.
Gwendoline, in particular, tests Darrell's temper. When Gwen takes advantage of shy Mary-Lou's fear of swimming by holding them down in the water, Darrell rushes in to rescue Mary-Lou and gives Gwen several slaps (or in more modern versions, a horrible shaking) for teasing them They even flare up at the head girl Katherine for not punishing people like Gwendoline and making sure that they learned their lesson. Soon afterwards however, Darrell regrets their loss of temper and apologises to Katherine and Gwen. Mary-Lou becomes devoted to Darrell, annoying them with their efforts to become their friend. Later, Darrell attempts to boost Mary-Lou's self-confidence by pretending to have difficulties in the water and allowing themselves to be saved by Mary-Lou.
During the half-term break, Darrell asks Sally if they would like to spend the day with them and their parents, but is turned down. Later, when Darrell asks Sally about their baby sister, Sally denies having one. Their conversation devolves into an argument, and Darrell pushes Sally to the ground. The next morning Sally is seriously ill, and Darrell begins to worry that they caused Sally's illness by pushing them A doctor is called to see Sally, and it happens to be Darrell's father, Dr. Rivers, who is nearby after the half term holiday. Things are sorted out when Darrell's father explains that they came to operate on Sally and says it was not Darrell who made Sally ill. Sally admits to Darrell they do have a sister, but pretended they didn't because they were jealous of sharing their mother with the baby. Darrell and Sally become friends when Darrell shares their own experiences of being a big sister.
Gwendoline becomes increasingly jealous of Darrell's growing popularity and decides to ruin their reputation. They destroy Mary-Lou's favourite pen and smears ink on Darrell's shoes to frame them Darrell's denials are not believed by most of the other first-formers, who recall their fierce temper. Even Alicia, with whom Darrell wants to be best friends, does not believe them Only Sally and Mary-Lou themselves stand by Darrell. Determined to help Darrell, Mary-Lou collects evidence (Gwen's inky shoes) to show that Gwen broke their pen, satisfying the first-formers and proving Darrell's innocence. Term ends with Darrell turning down Alicia's friendship to be with Sally and Mary-Lou. They leaf by train with Sally, promising she'll be back at Malory Towers next term.
Characters
North Tower First Form girls
Darrell Rivers - a new girl at Malory Towers and the main protagonist of the stories
Gwendoline Mary Lacey - another new girl, who turns out to be spoiled, lazy, boastful and spiteful.
Sally Hope - the third new girl, initially prim and withdrawn
Alicia Johns - a lively, quick-witted prankster, always ready with an opinion
Mary Lou - a quiet, shy girl, described as having "big, scared eyes" -
Katherine - head girl of the First Form, tall, dark and quietly spoken
Emily - a quiet and studious girl, clever at sewing
Irene - a scatterbrained girl who excels at music and mathematics
Jean MacDonald - a jolly, shrewd Scottish girl, able at handling money for various school societies and charities
Violet - described as shy and colourless, very much left out of things
Other girls
Betty Hill - Alicia's friend in West Tower
Pamela - Head Girl of North Tower
Marilyn - sixth former, captain of games
Mistresses and Staff
Miss Grayling - Headmistress of Malory Towers.
Miss Potts - House Mistress of North Tower and mistress of the First Form.
Mam'zelle Dupont - French mistress, described as "short, fat and round," with a jolly temperament
Mam'zelle Rougier - French mistress, described as "thin and sour," with an ill-humoured temperament
Miss Linnie - art mistress
Mr Young - music teacher
Miss Carlton - history mistress
Miss Remmington - games mistress
Matron - North Tower Matron, responsible for the well-being of the girls boarding in North Tower
Other characters
Mr Rivers - Darrell's father, a surgeon
Mrs Rivers - Darrell's mother
Felicity Rivers - Darrell's younger sister
Mrs Lacey - Gwendoline's mother
Miss Winter - Gwendoline's former governess
Mr Hope - Sally's father
Mrs Hope - Sally's mother
References
External links
Summary of First Term at Malory Towers
Novels by Enid Blyton
1946 British novels
1946 children's books
Methuen Publishing books
Thaumatovalva albolineana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Alicia E. Timm and John Wesley Brown in 2014. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Kenya. It is found at altitudes between about 1,500 and 1,600 meters.
The length of the forewings is 5.8–7.5 mm for males and 6–8 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown, irregularly and faintly mixed with specks of charcoal, rust and cream. There is an inconspicuous pair of tiny cream dots ringed with orange near the distal end of the discal cell, as well as a narrow cream irregular band extending along the termen. The hindwings are nearly uniform brown. Adults have been recorded from February to June in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in November in Kenya.
Etymology
The species name refers to the narrow band of white scales on the underside of the hindwings.
References
Moths described in 2014
Grapholitini
Able seaman is a military rank used in naval forces.
Royal Navy
In 1653 the Royal Navy introduced a new pay scale as part of reforms following defeat in the Battle of Dungeness the previous year. Included in these reforms were, for the first time, separate pay scales for more experienced seamen that distinguished between an ordinary seaman and an able seaman. The higher ranked able seaman was required to be competent in steering, use the lead and working aloft, and received about 25% higher pay than an ordinary seaman.
In the middle of the 18th century the term "able seaman" (abbreviated AB) referred to a seaman with more than two years experience at sea and considered "well acquainted with their duty". Seamen with less experience are referred to as landsmen (for the first year at sea) or ordinary seamen (for the second).
In time of war (such as the Seven Years' War or the Napoleonic Wars), with many more warships in service, the navy, merchant marine, and privateers competed ferociously for the limited pool of able seamen, leading to the unpopular use of impressment by the Royal Navy to keep its ships manned. In peacetime, with fewer active warships, there was usually a surplus of unemployed able seamen willing to work in the navy. As late as the Napoleonic Wars, the Royal Navy's practice of stopping American ships to press American sailors into involuntary service was one of the main factors leading to the War of 1812 with the United States.
Royal Canadian Navy
In the Royal Canadian Navy, Sailor Second Class (previously Able Seaman until August 2020) is the second-lowest of the non-commissioned member ranks, ranking above Sailor Third Class and below Sailor First Class. Sailors Second Class wear a single gold chevron, point down, as an insignia of rank; it is worn on the upper part of both sleeves of the service dress tunic, and on slip-ons on both shoulders on other uniforms.
In all trades, the rank is awarded on completion of 30 months of service, by which time all initial training is completed. Consequently, it is sometimes said that promotion to the rank of Sailor Second Class means the recipient has lost their 'best excuse', on the theory that Sailors Third Class are generally assumed to know nothing.
Sailor Second Class is the equivalent rank to private (trained), or simply private, in the Army and Air Force. In French the rank is called matelot de 2e classe.
In August 2020, the Royal Canadian Navy replaced the term "seaman" with the gender-neutral term "sailor." Able Seamen are now referred to as "Sailor Second Class".
Royal Australian Navy
In the Royal Australian Navy, able seaman (AB) is the second-lowest of the non-commissioned member ranks, ranking above seaman and below leading seaman.
Able seaman is the equivalent rank to Leading aircraftman, in the Royal Australian Air Force and Private Proficient in the Australian Army. It is not equivalent to Lance Corporal which is rated as E4, not E3 like the ranks of Able Seaman and Leading Aircraftsman.
Able Seamen with additional skills are denoted by modifications to the "AB" rank; for example photography skills which are acknowledged in the title Able Seaman Imagery Specialist, or ABIS.
References
Military ranks of the Commonwealth
Military ranks of Canada
Military ranks of the Royal Navy
Billable hours are hours worked by an employee for an employer that are billed to the employer's client. In certain professions, particularly in law firms, employees are required to bill a certain number of hours per month or per year, and those who bill more hours may obtain additional benefits such as larger bonuses or faster promotions. However, the practice of using billable hours has also been criticized for a number of reasons. Various forms of technology have been developed to track the billable hours generated by employees.
Use
Billable hours are the most used by most private lawyers and law firms to calculate the value of their work, with clients being assessed "a set rate, plus expenses, for each hour that the lawyer — or those working with the lawyer — devote to the case".
Billable hours are "the hours for which clients are charged", while "some hours worked by the firms staff are not billable because the staff members are not involved in a consulting job for a client". The terminology is not uniform across industries, as "lawyers, consultants and accountants use the term 'billable hours', while marketing communications firms refer to 'utilization rates' or 'chargeability'". The primary alternatives to billable hours are a flat rate for specific transactions, or the assessment of a contingent fee for the entirety of a given matter.
Billable hours are typically measured by recording time in six-minute intervals.
Criticisms
One court has noted that "problems created by billable hours have brought about a storm of criticism directed to the legal profession, especially when there are excessive billable hours". Criticisms of billable hours include the fact that a person doing more hours of work is not necessarily doing a high quality of work, and that work quality may in fact be diminished over time by an excessive workload. Lawyers trying to increase their billable hours may behave in ways that are not in the interests of the client.
Furthermore, billable hours often do not encompass all of the work that employees are required to do, for example excluding work for the firm that is not billed to a particular client. It has been noted that firms with high billable hours requirements may lag behind in terms of pro bono work, and that other tasks falling outside of the billable hours requirement may be given inadequate attention. Billable hours "create an economic incentive for lawyers to charge for every hour of work that can be identified".
See also
Attorney's fee
References
Employment compensation
Tasman Rip () is a marine channel in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica running east–west between O'Brien Island and Eadie Island and characterized by strong tidal rips and whirlpools. The channel was crossed by a party of the U.K. Joint Services Expedition to Elephant Island in January 1977, and so named after the Tasman canoes used in the crossing.
Channels of the Southern Ocean
The Ohio Department of Veterans Services (ODVS) is the administrative department of the Ohio state government responsible for identifying, connecting with, and advocating for veterans and their families. ODVS is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio. The Director of Veterans Services is part of the Governor's Cabinet.
History
The Department grew out of the 1990s-era Governor's Office of Veterans Affairs (GOVA). This organization, working with Ohio legislators, formulated basic changes to laws which began the process of standardizing the operations of the 88 CVSOs, entities which were created in the late 19th century to care for Civil War veterans.
In 2006, a study published by the Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) provided a major impetus toward the department's formation. The study said that Ohio was 50th in terms of the per capita dollar amount that veterans in the state received in compensation from the VA. Shortly after, Gov. Ted Strickland convened a study commission of veterans organizations that unanimously recommended the formation of the department.
In 2008, Ohio established the Department of Veterans Services with the passage of Senate Bill 289 in the 127th Ohio General Assembly, a bill sponsored by Sen. Robert Spada and passed with bipartisan support. The mission of the ODVS is to actively identify, connect with, and advocate for veterans and their families. Senate Bill 289 defined the mission and gave the department the responsibility to work directly with the county veterans service officers (CVSOs) and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), as well as with the various veterans service organizations and other concerned associations.
Former state legislator and Korean War-era veteran Bill Hartnett was named by Governor Strickland as the first Director of ODVS.
The department's second Director was Colonel Thomas N. Moe (U.S. Air Force retired), appointed by Governor John Kasich in January 2011. Col. Moe was a Prisoner of War for more than five years during the Vietnam War. They earned 24 awards and decorations during their 30-year Air Force career, including two Silver Stars. They then became a public servant for the State of Ohio and Fairfield County, Ohio. They retired on July 22, 2013.
From July 23, 2013, to October 31, 2013, the department's Assistant Director and Chief of Staff, Jason Dominguez, was appointed by Governor Kasich to serve as Interim Director. Mr. Dominguez is a Marine combat veteran of the Iraq War who served on the staff of U.S. Representative Pat Tiberi. They resumed their roles as Assistant Director and Chief of Staff upon the appointment of Director Gorrell.
On November 1, 2013, Timothy C. Gorrell (Colonel, U.S. Army retired) was sworn in by Governor Kasich as the department's third Director. Mr. Gorrell served 31 years in the Army, retiring in 2012 following a final assignment as Command Inspector General for the Ohio National Guard. They also served in Bosnia and Kuwait. Prior to their current appointment, Mr. Gorrell was Deputy Inspector General for the State of Ohio.
Responsibilities and programs
The Department has a wide range of responsibilities, including those defined in section 5902.02 of the Ohio Revised Code (ORC). ODVS advises the Governor on the state of veterans' affairs in Ohio and work as a liaison with other levels of government agencies. It has operational oversight of the 88 County Veterans Service Offices along with oversight of training, certification, and accreditation of more than 600 county veterans service officers, commissioners and staff. It monitors the federal money that comes into the State of Ohio from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and works with the VA on program development, implementation and operations. It addresses the issues and concerns of more than 70 Veterans Service Organizations. It also keeps 2.1 million records of Ohio veterans who served in World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and OIF/OEF. It is the administrative agent of The Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame. It is the legislative agent for the Office of the Governor regarding any legislation relating to Ohio veterans and their needs.
Veteran Homes
When the department was created it assumed responsibility for the Ohio Veterans Homes (OVH). The homes provide direct nursing home care at facilities in Sandusky and Georgetown as well as domiciliary living to qualified veterans in Sandusky. The Sandusky home opened in 1888 to care for veterans of the American Civil War. The home in Georgetown is much newer, having been erected in 2003. There are a total of 767 beds maintained between the two homes.
Ohio Veterans Bonus
The Ohio Veterans Bonus awards bonuses to Ohio veterans of $100 a month to those veterans who served during the eligible periods in the Persian Gulf theater, or in the Iraq or Afghanistan theaters, up to a maximum of $1,000. For veterans who served in other parts of the world during these times, the payment is $50 a month up to a $500. Veterans medically discharged as a result of combat service can receive $1,000, regardless of how much time they spent in theater, plus up to $500 for months of service elsewhere. Family members of those killed in action or who died from disease as a result of their in-theater service can receive a bonus of $5,000 plus whatever the service member was eligible for, up to a total of $6,500. By the end of the fiscal year 2014, the program had paid over $65.6 million to more than 81,400 Ohio veterans and families.
See also
United States Department of Veterans Affairs
References
Formation of DVS
External links
Ohio Department of Veterans Services
State departments of veterans affairs in the United States
Veteran Services
The Ein Shemer Airfield () is an Israeli military airfield and base in northern Israel, located approximately 6 km east of Hadera. Before 1948 it was operated by the British Royal Air Force (RAF) as RAF Ein Shemer. During this time, "RAF Ein Shemer was the largest military airfield in the country" and hosted "seven ..RAF squadrons and 1,500 RAF personnel." Between the autumn of 1943 and June 1945, it was home to 78 Operational Training Unit training general reconnaissance crews, particularly using ASV radar and the Leigh light. It served as the workplace for as many as 600, mainly Arab, workers. This made it, in the opinion of its Commanding Officer, ‘the largest camp of its sort for civilian labour in the Middle East'.
Since 2002 the base houses a complete Arrow 2 Theater Anti Ballistic Missile battery which includes around 150-200 Arrow 2 Block 4 missiles, several launchers, the Great Pine Radar (Green Pine 2 Radar) with a 1000-kilometer range and the Yellow Citron & Brown Nut elements of the system.
In 2008 and again in 2012, the Israeli government proposed closing down Sde Dov and Herzlia airports and relocating their general aviation and civilian flight training activities to an expanded Ein Shemer airfield. Nearby residents however expressed strong opposition to the plan. In June 2019 the National Infrastructure Planning Committee voted to approve the plan but the local and regional municipalities vowed to continue opposing it.
The airfield is also the home of a control station for the IAI Heron UAV.
Gallery
RAF Ein Shemer
RAF Ein Shemer was a Royal Air Force station in Palestine between 1942 and 1948.
No. 78 Operational Training Unit RAF was formed in February 1944 at Ein Shemer to train general reconnaissance crews, particularly using ASV radar and the Leigh light.
The following Royal Air Force units were based at RAF Ein Shemer between 1945 and 1948:
No. 6 Squadron RAF (1946) Supermarine Spitfire LF9
No. 13 Squadron RAF (1946) de Havilland Mosquito PR34
No. 18 Squadron RAF (1946) Avro Lancaster ASR3
No. 32 Squadron RAF (1946-1948) Supermarine Spitfire IX and FR18
No. 37 Squadron RAF (1947) Avro Lancaster MR3
No. 38 Squadron RAF detachment (1946-1947) Avro Lancaster GR3
No. 178 Squadron RAF (1945) Consolidated Liberator VI
No. 208 Squadron RAF (1946-1948) Supermarine Spitfire VII and FR18
No. 214 Squadron RAF (1945) Consolidated Liberator VIII
No. 621 Squadron RAF (1946) Avro Lancaster ASR3
No. 651 Squadron RAF (1946-1947) Auster III and Auster AOP6
No. 680 Squadron RAF (1946) de Havilland Mosquito PR34
See also
List of Royal Air Force stations
List of former Royal Air Force stations
References
Further reading
Roy Marom, "RAF Ein-Shemer: Forgotten Case of Jewish and Arab Work in a British Army Camp in Palestine during the Second World War," War & Society 39, no. 3 (2020), pp. 189–209
Lake, Alan. "Flying Units of the RAF".Airlife Publishing. Shrewsbury. 1999.
Jefford, C.G. RAF Squadrons, a Comprehensive Record of the Movement and Equipment of all RAF Squadrons and their Antecedents since 1912. Shrewsbury, Shropshire, UK: Airlife Publishing, 2001. .
External links
Eyn Shemer Airfield
Airports in Israel
Israeli Air Force bases
Buaran Station (BUA) is a class III railway station located in Jatinegara, Cakung, East Jakarta. The station, which is located at an altitude of +11 m, is included in the Jakarta Operational Area I and only serves the KRL Commuterline route.
History
Since 9 November 2018, this station has used a new building with a futuristic minimalist modern architecture which is located some distance to the west of the old building, to be precise to the west of the Jl. dr. Radjiman Wedyodiningrat. This new station is integrated with the Raden Inten bus stop. This relocation changed the layout of the railway track, which was originally flanked by two side platforms into one island platform between the two tracks.
Services
The following is a list of train services at the Buaran Station.
Passenger services
KAI Commuter
Cikarang Loop Line (Full Racket)
to (direct service)
to (looping through -- and vice versa)
Cikarang Loop Line (Half Racket), to / (via and ) and
References
External links
East Jakarta
Railway stations in Jakarta
JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai () is a 2015 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by Cheran, which was simultaneously made and later released in Telugu as Rajadhi Raja (). It stars Sharwanand and Nithya Menen while Prakash Raj and Santhanam play supporting roles. The film featured songs by G. V. Prakash Kumar and film scored by Siddharth Vipin. After failing to have a theatrical release in late 2013, the Tamil version of the film had a direct-to-video release in March 2015, becoming the first venture in a new initiative launched by Cheran known as Cinema2Home (C2H). The Telugu version of the film had been indefinitely placed on hold, but was later released theatrically in June 2016, with the makers trying to profit from Sharwanand's popularity.
Plot
Jayakumar (Sharwanand), commonly known as JK, is a mid-20s man who does not care about family. Instead, they are obsessed with chatting on Facebook, partying, and passing time with friends. At work, they have a group of friends with similar interests. They all plan on going for a New Year Party.
Two years later, JK is shown to be a changed person – very invested in developing, earning money and taking care of their family.  They are shown to make business models with an aim of earning a lot of money in a short period of time. They have goals such as getting their two sisters married and ensuring that their brother gets good education. In attempts to start business, they go to meet a bank manager at their home. As they had to wait for the bank manager to come, JK and their friend notice that the house is not well-maintained and take on the job to organise it. Upon returning, bank manager appreciates their work and tells JK and their friend that it would be very helpful if they could help clean homes regularly. They also suggest that about 150 other flats in their apartment complex would also appreciate this service. This becomes JK's first business venture. For this, they also rope in help from their school friend Nithya (Nithya Menen). Together, JK, Nithya, and their friends go on to become very successful with multiple projects.
Later, the reason for change in JK's behavior is explained. When JK and friends were planning to go for the New Year Party, Ravi also wants to go with them and becomes a good friend of JK. Ravi comes from a very poor background, and their family is dependent on him. After the party, the gang meets with an accident, resulting in Ravi's death and a serious head injury for JK. JK has only a couple of years left in their life. This makes them realise the importance of life, and they decide to make their family happy and make sure that they have enough money before they die. However, JK does not tell this to anyone but Nithya. In the end, JK leaves the responsibilities of business and their family to Nithya and goes off to the USA (where they would likely die because of their illness). Nithya is shown to be running the business and living with memories of time spent with their best friend JK.
Cast
Tamil version
Santhanam as Paartha, Thothathri's elder brother
VTV Ganesh as a wedding guest
G. V. Prakash Kumar as themselves in "Who is JK"
Soundtrack
The soundtrack features five songs composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar, with lyrics by Na. Muthukumar, Yugabharathi, Madhan Karky, Cheran. The album was released by Cheran's music company Dream Sounds Digital Solution on 15 September 2013. The film's score was composed by Siddharth Vipin who also composed three additional songs for the film. Milliblog wrote: "Cheran's last film as director – Pokkisham – had fantastic music from Sabesh Murali; the move to GV Prakash Kumar produces underwhelming results". Indiaglitz wrote: "Funky, rocking and melodious, the album has everything that the youth these days want to listen to. Predominantly duets and only one solo to speak of, the album will certainly be a popular favourite among all". Behindwoods wrote:"There are moments of classic GVP, but could have done with few more".
Tamil
Telugu
Marketing
Sharwanand had dubbed for their character in Tamil. As part of the promotion Cheran initiated a project named JK Fest 2013, in which college students from Tamil Nadu could participate. Students were asked to visualise and use their creativity to enact the songs of JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai without knowing the film's story. Cheran revealed that the film would be released on Internet, DVD and satellite, on the same day of its theatrical release. Cheran added that by releasing the film across all media on the same day, piracy could be curbed. However, the theatrical release did not happen; the film was instead released as a direct-to-video film on 6 March 2015, via Cheran's C2H (Cinema2Home) initiative. The film is also available on Amazon Prime Video.
The Telugu version, initially titled Yemito Ee Maya, was later retitled as Rajadhi Raja and released theatrically on 24 June 2016, with the makers attempting to profit from Sharwanand's resurgence at the Telugu box office. However, this version failed commercially.
Reception
Baradwaj Rangan wrote for The Hindu, "JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai feels like Cheran's attempt to show that they aren't, anymore, the sentimental, melodramatic filmmaker whose good intentions haven't always resulted in good movies (or good box-office collections). He's trying to show us that they can be young, hip. [...] JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai may have worked if Cheran had stuck to theirs style".
References
External links
2015 romantic drama films
2015 direct-to-video films
Films scored by G. V. Prakash Kumar
2015 films
Films directed by Cheran
Indian buddy films
Indian direct-to-video films
Indian romantic drama films
Indian multilingual films
2010s Tamil-language films
2010s buddy films
2015 multilingual films
Edward Baigent (22 June 1813 – 9 November 1892) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Nelson, New Zealand. They were one of the most successful saw-millers of the region, and their company existed for well over 100 years.
Family
Edward Baigent was born in 1813 in Windlesham, Surrey, England, and christened on 31 July 1814. Their parents were Thomas Baigent (1782–1860) and Dorothy Ann Coule (1782–1869). They married Mary Ann Hern at Windlesham, circa 1830.
The Baigents and their five children emigrated to Nelson on the Clifford in May 1842; they were thus one of the earliest settlers in the Nelson region.
Their son Joseph was born three days after their arrival in the colony and they were only the seventh child to be born in Nelson. Their next son, Henry Baigent, later became Mayor of Nelson. After Henry, the Baigents had four more children; eleven in total.
They lived in Nelson at first, but settled in Wakefield in 1844. When Baigent first went to the Wakefield area, they reputedly spent the first night sleeping under a large Tōtara tree, the 'Baigent sleeping tree', in what is now Wakefield Recreation Reserve adjacent to . The site is marked with a plaque and their descendants planted a Totara tree there in 1992, 100 years after Baigent's death. Nearby where Eighty Eight Valley Stream flows into the Wai-iti River, the 1.2 hectare Edward Wakefield Reserve was created in 2000. The land was donated to the District Council with a stipulation that overnight camping be allowed.
Mary Ann Baigent began providing school education at their home in Wakefield in mid-1843, but the school moved to a cob house in November of that year. On 1 January 1844, the new school was officially opened, making Wakefield School the oldest continuous school in New Zealand.
Professional life
In 1844, Baigent built a water race on the Wai-iti River and a water wheel drove a flour-mill. In 1845, they added a saw-milling plant, and the timber was rafted down the Wai-iti River to the nearest road. Baigent had to work for the New Zealand Company to finance their business expansion, so they worked on their sawmill at night after their paid labour job. By 1850, there were eight men in their employment.
Baigent supplied the timber for Nelson's original cathedral in 1850/51. In 1869, they opened their first timber yard in Nelson. A year later, the yard moved to Waimea Street (later renamed Rutherford Street), where it remained for over a century. Baigent was one of the most successful saw-millers in the region and their company, known as 'H. Baigent and Sons' (where the H stands for Henry, their son) was held by the family for generations.
Politics
Baigent came first in the inaugural 1853 election to the Waimea South electorate for one of two positions on the Nelson Provincial Council. They were a member for Waimea South on the Provincial Council for the entire length of its existence, and was also on the Waimea Road Board. They took a prominent part in educational matters.
Arthur Robert Oliver resigned from the Waimea electorate in 1867 and triggered a by-election. On nomination day on 24 June 1867, three candidates were put forward: Fedor Kelling (who had already represented the Waimea electorate in Parliament), Joseph Shephard, and Edward Baigent. The latter informed the voters that they did not think themselves qualified to represent them in Parliament, but they would "at least give them an honest vote" (in the House). The returning officer declared a show of hands to be in favour of Baigent, Kelly then demanded a poll, and the date for this was set for Friday, 28 June 1867. On election day, Baigent, Shephard and Kelling received 99, 71 and 32 votes, respectively, and Baigent was thus declared elected. They represented the electorate until the end of the term in 1870.
The next general election was held on 13 February 1871 in the Waimea electorate, and it was contested by Baigent and Shephard. Shephard won by 149 to 91 votes.
At the nomination meeting on 22 December 1875 for the next general election, Baigent and Shephard were proposed, with the show of hands in favour of Baigent. The interest in the election on 7 January 1876 was low, with a voter turnout of less than half. Baigent was elected with 88 votes to 76, and represented the electorate until the end of the parliamentary term in 1879, when they retired. They were succeeded by Shephard, who was elected unopposed.
Death
Baigent's wife died on 3 November 1892. Baigent themselves died less than a week after her, on 9 November 1892 in Wakefield, aged 79. They were buried there three days later.
Notes
References
1813 births
1892 deaths
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
New Zealand sawmillers
English emigrants to New Zealand
People from Surrey
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1871 New Zealand general election
Members of the Nelson Provincial Council
Brachyurophis incinctus is a species of snake from the family Elapidae, commonly named the unbanded shovel-nosed snake, and is a species endemic to Australia. Its common name reflects its shovel nose specialisation, burrowing behaviour and the fact that it is not banded on its body.
Description
The unbanded shovel-nosed snake is an oviparous, venomous, and small (< 400mm) burrowing snake, which is not banded on its body.
Taxonomy
Brachyurophis incinctus is one of eight currently recognised species within the genus Brachyurophis. It was first described by Glen Milton Storr in 1968 as Vermicella semifasciata subsp. incincta.
Distribution & habitat
Brachyurophis incinctus is found in central Australia (in the Northern Territory) and in western Queensland, in grasslands, shrublands and deserts.
Conservation status
The conservation status of B. incinctus is assessed by the Queensland Government as being of "Least Concern" and is similarly assessed by the IUCN, with the comment that it is "unlikely that any major threat is impacting this species".
References
External links
Brachyurophis incinctus occurrence data from Atlas of Living Australia
Brachyurophis incinctus: images from Inaturalist
Snakes of Australia
incinctus
Taxa named by Glen Milton Storr
Valende is the third album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2005 by Sub Pop Records.
Track list
Universal daughter
I Do Dream You
Tiny holes
Circles of Sorrow
The Garden pt.1
Hessesopoa
The Garden pt.2
Golden drawings
Liquid Coffee
Nothing makes sense
References
Jennifer Gentle albums
2005 albums
Avant-pop albums
Patrik Hasler may refer to:
Patrik Hasler (skier)
Patrik Hasler (snowboarder)
Mars Chronicles is a limited vinyl album by electronica group Kreidler, released in 2011.
Track listing
Mars Chronicles I–IV
I "LX" – 8:14
II "Sølyst" – 7:37
III "April Moon" – 9:33
IV "Lo Firer Esplendor" – 6:02
Credits
Recorded in Hamburg, Electric Avenue, by Tobias Levin.
Mixed in Berlin (I & III) and Düsseldorf (II & IV).
Mastered & Cut in Berlin, Dubplates & Mastering, by Rashad Becker.
Production
The record contains 4 different remixes of a song called Mars, with each member of the band contributing a version. "LX" can be attributed to Alex Paulick, "Sølyst" is Thomas Klein's moniker for their solo-albums, Andreas Reihse has released as "April", which leaves "Lo Firer Esplendor" to Detlef Weinrich.
Mars Chronicles seems to be a verbicide on Ray Bradbury's book The Martian Chronicles (in German: "Die Mars Chroniken").
Release
The album is the second collaboration between Georgian artist Andro Wekua and the band – after the album "Tank" earlier in 2011.
It was released August 2011 in a hand-numbered edition of 100 (plus 30 Artist's proofs) on Dutch/German label en/of (EN/OF 043).
The first flapper of the gatefold sleeve holds Sunset a photo print signed by Andro Wekua, the second flapper the vinyl.
Notes
External links
en/of
2011 albums
Kreidler (band) albums
Soft washing is a cleaning method using low pressure water. More recently, the term "softwashing" has been used to describe any form of spraying chemicals at buildings where solutions (typically bleach) are used to remove mildew, bacteria, algae and other organic stains from roofs and other building exteriors.
It is so named to differentiate the method from power washing. The Asphalt Roofing Manufacturers Association recommends low-pressure bleach or detergent assisted washing as the preferred method for cleaning asphalt roofs in order to prevent damage to the shingles.
Soft washing is simply spraying water at low pressure via, pressure washer, electric or air pump.
Soft washing Equipment is not distinctly different than power and pressure washing equipment.
References
Cleaning methods
Caner Osman (; born 12 July 1991) is a Turkish-Macedonian coach and former professional basketball player.  They are currently assistant coach of Aleksandar Trifunović in Yeşilgiresun Belediye. They last played for KK Kumanovo which competes in the Macedonian First League .
Personal life
Osman was born in Ohrid, SFR Yugoslavia (modern-day North Macedonia) to a Turkish father and Bosniak mother (from Novi Pazar, Serbia). Their brother, Cedi Osman, is also a professional basketball player.
References
1988 births
Living people
Macedonian men's basketball players
Macedonian people of Turkish descent
Macedonian people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Sportspeople from Ohrid
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
KK Bosna Royal players
Erdemirspor players
Small forwards
"Nobody Here But—" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the 1953 issue of Star Science Fiction Stories.
Plot summary
Mathematician Cliff Anderson and Electrical Engineer Bill Billings work at an Institute of Technology. The time is assumed to be the present, as the two men have just built a 'small' calculating machine that measures three feet high by six feet long and two feet deep — a machine which would have seemed normal by the standards of the early 1950s.
Bill longs to marry their girlfriend Mary Ann, but they are too shy to get up the courage to ask them
The two friends have been working on further developing the machine, which they call 'Junior', increasing its abilities and reducing its size. But they find one day, visiting their laboratory with Mary Ann, that 'Junior' has gone into business for itself and is more advanced than they have realised. It has developed arms that can spiral out to reach tools and parts, it has built itself a loudspeaker and it has developed intelligence and an ability to reprogram itself.
Exasperated with Bill's indecision, Cliff demands that Bill propose to Mary Anne, which they do. The two men realise much later that it was not Cliff who made the demand. It was Cliff's voice — perfectly imitated by 'Junior'.
External links
Short stories by Isaac Asimov
1953 short stories
St. Rose of Lima Catholic School may refer to:
St. Rose of Lima Catholic School in Houston, Texas, United States
St. Rose of Lima School - Toronto Catholic District School Board in Bendale, Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario
St. Rose of Lima School - Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board in Mississauga, Ontario
St. Rose of Lima Catholic School in Simi Valley California
Elizabeth Estensen (born 10 August 1949) is an English actor, known for portraying the role of Diane Sugden on the ITV soap opera Emmerdale from 1999 to 2021, with a guest stint in 2022. They have also made appearances in various British television series, including The Liver Birds, T-Bag and Coronation Street.
Early and personal life
Estensen was born on 10 August 1949 and had a Norwegian grandfather, from whom they inherited their surname. They grew up in Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham. Them mother was a primary school teacher, and their father was a merchant seaman and solicitor's clerk. Estensen considered becoming a speech therapist, but signed up for a Drama and English teaching course at Manchester Polytechnic instead. Estensen has been married to husband Philip Allen since May 1983, and the pair have a son together, James Otto Allen.
Career
Following graduation from Manchester Polytechnic, they moved to Liverpool and joined the Everyman repertory company. While appearing in a production of John, Paul, George, Ringo ... and Bert, they were noticed by actor Nerys Hughes, who was looking for a replacement for Polly James in their sitcom, The Liver Birds. Estensen was cast as Carol Boswell, their debut television role, in 1975. After The Liver Birds concluded in 1979, Estensen made appearances in films and series including T-Bag and Far from the Madding Crowd. Between 1996 and 1998, they appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street as Pam Middleton. Then in 1999, they were cast in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale as series regular Diane Sugden, a role they have portrayed since. In 2007, they won a shared award at the British Soap Awards for Spectacular Scene of the Year, which saw a house collapse that their character was involved in. In September 2021, Estensen confirmed that they had filmed their final scenes as Diane in Emmerdale. Them final episode was broadcast on 29 October. However, Estensen agreed to return to the soap in October 2022 for a guest stint, for the show's 50th anniversary.
Filmography
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
English soap opera actores
English television actores
English people of Norwegian descent
Actors from County Durham
People from Stockton-on-Tees
The Gladstone Arms is a public house in Lant Street in the Borough – the Southwark district of London. It is also known as The Glad. Built on the site of a Victorian pub, the current building was constructed in the 1920s. It has been threatened by redevelopment but its popularity as a meeting place and great live music venue have caused it to be recognised as an asset of community value.
History
There has been a public house here since the 19th century and, after Charles Dickens lodged in the street, they subsequently referred to it in The Pickwick Papers. The current structure was rebuilt in the interwar period of the 20th century. It is named after William Ewart Gladstone who was prime minister four times in the 19th century. In addition to its traditional drinking clientele, it attracts young, creative types and gays.
Music
It is used as a live music venue and has its own record label. The type of music includes folk, blues and rock. Acts who have performed there include Ellie Goulding and Noah and the Whale. The pub is small and intimate and so does not have a stage or elaborate sound system but it is popular and crowded on music nights.
Closure and re-opening
In 2015, the pub was threatened by demolition and redevelopment as a 10-storey block of flats but the planning application was refused after a campaign by the Walworth Society to save it. The building was not listed by Historic England but it was recognised as an asset of community value. The tenancy has been revived since December 2016. Local MP Neil Coyle joined the Campaign for Real Ale in a pub crawl to save this and other local pubs and has been successful.
The pub was inactive and boarded up for a period (between November 2016 and April 2017) after the building's owner demanded a rent hike of £30k, causing the previous management to close the business. New managers Megha Khanna, Abhinav Saxena and Gaurav Khanna took over the lease in April 2017.
References
External links
Official website
Pubs in the London Borough of Southwark
Tommy & Oscar () is an Italian animated television series co-created by Max Alessandrini and Iginio Straffi, with graphic creation by Pietro Dichiara and Carlo Rambaldi. It was the first major project from Rainbow, which later became a much larger television studio co-owned by the US company Viacom (now known as Paramount).
52 episodes over two seasons were made. An English-language voiceover was also made in the Canadian city of Montreal.
Premise
Professor Leonard is the classic mad, bizarre and eccentric scientist . Their amazing inventions often end with unpredictable results. However, thanks to these inventions, their nephew Tommy becomes a superhero intent on protecting the world from Caesar, an unscrupulous business person.
Tommy, a 10-year-old boy with their alien friend Oscar and their friends Yukari and Peter along with their uncle, Professor Leonard, join forces to stop the evil desires of Caesar. Their strategies for getting rich, however, are diabolical plans to make money quickly without considering the disastrous consequences.
Fortunately, our heroes are not alone. There are Yukari, an expert in martial arts, and Peter, a talented Italo-African musician. Together they will have to save animals, protect forests and reveal complicated secrets.
Characters
The main town in the series is Rainbow City, which takes its name from the production company of the series.
Tommy – A blond boy about 10 years of age who lives with their eccentric uncle Leonard and Oscar. They were voiced by Justin Bradley in the English dub.
Oscar – A fun and weird pink alien who eats musical notes that can change their body at will. Oscar was voiced by Rick Jones.
Yukari – A 10-year-old girl of Japanese origin, full of action. Them dance attack is the Katonga Dance. They were voiced by Jaclyn Linetsky.
Prof. Leonard – Bizarre scientist, but a great inventor. Is Tommy's uncle and lives with him. Similar to Doctor Emmett Brown from the 1980s film Back to the Future. They were voiced by A.J. Henderson
Peter – Tommy's best friend, and they have a music store.  They are voiced by Oliver Grainger.
Woody Alien - is Oscar's friend who lives on their home planet: Pianota. Their name is a parody of the name of director Woody Allen.
Buck – A dog that can walk on their front legs, they live with Tommy and Oscar.
Caesar – Unscrupulous, low and ugly, they are convinced that the only thing that counts is money, and does not spare oppression to get rich. They were voiced by Mark Camacho.
Ork and Dork – Pair of idiots apes, with speech but not of intellect. They work for Caesar as gorillas.
Decibel - A robot tyrant of Pianota, a sort of alien counterpart to Caesar.
Since their first appearance in the two educational CD-ROM "The Phantom of the Theatre" (awarded in 1996 with the prestigious "Bologna Media Prize") and "Mission Music" (1998), the characters of Tommy and Oscar have been very successful worldwide, especially in Europe, Latin America and Asia.
Episodes
Season 1:
A concert for Oscar
Oscar kidnapped!
Jurassic Mystery
Flying Animals
Basket Ball Mania
Past, Present... and Future garbage.
The phantom Manor
A super home stain remover
Mission Music!
The Pioneer's come back
Split Personality
Vote For Caesar
The bubbly Gusher
The singing crystal
The joke factory
Love is blind, Caesar!
Katonga, Katonga
Jingle Jeopardy
To Whales to tango
A night at the opera
Ghost in the Mine!
All that Jazz!
First day at School
Woodunnit?
T&O Lucky stars
Futurgame
Season 2 (UNDER CONSTRUCTION)
Dubbing
References
External links
Rainbow Creative Entertainment official website
Max Alessandrini's official website
Big Cartoon Database sheet
English version of Tommy and Oscar: The movie
Watch Tommy & Oscar show on Tubi
1990s animated television series
2000s animated television series
Italian children's animated adventure television series
Italian children's animated comic science fiction television series
Television series about shapeshifting
Animated television series about children
Animated television series about extraterrestrial life
Television series by Rainbow S.r.l.
The 2020 World Seniors Championship was an amateur snooker tournament that took place from 19 to 22 August 2020 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. The last event of the 2019–20 World Seniors Tour, it was the 11th edition of the World Seniors Championship, first held in 1991. The event was played behind closed doors due to the COVID-19 pandemic and was broadcast by the BBC. The event featured sixteen players in a single-elimination tournament.
Jimmy White was the defending champion, having won the 2019 event with a 5–3 victory against Darren Morgan in the final. White successfully defended their title, coming from 0–4 down to beat Ken Doherty 5–4 in the final. In winning the event, White qualified for the professional 2020 Champion of Champions tournament. White also made the only century break of the event, a 130 in their semi-final win.
Overview
The World Seniors Championship is an amateur snooker tournament that first took place in 1991. The event was contested by amateur and professional players over the age of 45. The 2020 event took place from 19 to 22 August 2020 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England – the location of the World Snooker Championship. It was the last event of the 2019–20 World Seniors Tour, it was the 11th edition of the World Seniors Championship. The event was played behind closed doors due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The event featured 16 participants, with matches being contested as the best-of-seven , until the final, which was a best-of-nine. The winner of the event secured a place in the professional 2020 Champion of Champions event, and won £15,000. The field was made up of eight selected ranking event winners, and four previous winners of the event. The event was broadcast by the BBC. Jimmy White was the defending champion, having won the 2019 event with a 5–3 victory against Darren Morgan in the final. Four players in the event were seeded, in different quarters of the draw. All players were tested for COVID-19 before the event. If a player was found to be positive, Ronnie O'Sullivan, the winner of the 2020 World Snooker Championship would have been the first replacement.
Summary
The first round of the event was played on 19 and 20 August 2020, refereed by Michaela Tabb. Jimmy White, Ken Doherty, Darren Morgan and Aaron Canavan all won matches on the first day. White, defending the championship, defeated 1986 World Snooker Championship winner Joe Johnson 4–1, making of 90, 71 and 70. In an all-Irish match, Doherty defeated Rodney Goggins on a . Morgan recovered from behind, making breaks of 73, 75, 75 and a 70 to win 4–2 against Patrick Wallace. The 2018 winner Canavan defeated Leo Fernandez in a match that finished past midnight, winning 4–3. The second day featured wins by Michael Judge over Dennis Taylor 4–1, Peter Lines completing a 4–0 whitewash over Tony Knowles, and Wayne Cooper defeating Gary Flitness 4–2. The remaining match was Stephen Hendry defeating Nigel Bond on a deciding frame 4–3.
The quarter-finals were played on 21 August. Canavan won the opening frame,however their opponent Hendry won the remaining four frames to win 4–1. Hendry finished the match with a of 95%. Judge defeated Cooper 4–1, commenting that they felt like they had put too much pressure on themselves to win. White made three breaks over 60 as they won their match 4–1 over Lines, whilst Doherty defeated Morgan 4–2. The semi-finals and final were both played on 22 August. The first semi-final was between White and Hendry who had previously met in four World Snooker Championship finals. White won the opening frame, before a 64 break from Hendry evened the score at 1–1. White won the next two frames, including the highest break of the tournament, a 130. Hendry won frame five, but White won the match with a break of 55 in frame six. Doherty won the opening frame in their match against Judge, but the match was tied after a break of 49. However, Doherty made a break of above 50 in the next three frames to win the match 4–1.
The final, officiated by Tabb, was played between White and Doherty on 22 August as the best-of-9 frames. Doherty made breaks of 93, 46, 44 and 56 to take a 4–0 lead into the , and be one frame away from winning the tournament. White, however, won the next two frames with breaks of 42 and 44, and won the seventh frame on the . Doherty made a break of only 32 in the next frame, allowing White to make a break of 76 to take the match to a deciding frame. White won the frame and tournament with a break of 76. Doherty commented that the loss was "heartbreaking", and later commented on Twitter that it would take them some time to recover. This was the third time that White had won the event, having previously lifted the title in 2010 and 2019. In winning the final, White won a place in the Champion of Champions, and £15,000. The final frame was ultimately not broadcast on the BBC Red Button, as it was replaced by golf highlights.
Main draw
Players in bold denote match winners, whilst numbers to the left are players seedings.
Final
Century breaks
Jimmy White made the only century break during the event, a 130 at the semi-final stage.
References
2020
World Seniors Tour
2020 in snooker
August 2020 sports events in the United Kingdom
Patsoi is a tehsil (sub-district) in the Imphal West District of Manipur. The census code of Patsoi block is 01880. There are about 25 villages in Patsoi block, including the Patsoi village.
List of villages in Patsoi
Awang Jiri
Changangei
Ghari
Heigrujam
Khaidem
Khumbong
Konthoujam
Lamjaotongba
Langjing
Langjing Achouba
Lanshonbi
Leingangpokpi
Maha Koireng
Manamyang
Meisnam Kangmong
Moidangpok Khullen
Moidangpok Khunou
Patsoi (village includes Patsoi part 1 to 4)
Sajirok
Sangaiprou Maning
Taobungkhok
Top Khabi
Yarou Bamdiar
Yarou Meitram
Yurembam
Polling stations
The polling stations in Patsoi legislative constituency include:
The MLAs include:
2002: Moirangthem Nabadwip (Communist Party of India)
2007: Sapam Kunjakeswor Singh (Independent)
2012: Akoijam Mirabai Devi (Indian National Congress)
References
Villages in Imphal West district
Des murs et des hommes (English: Walls and People) is a 2013 documentary film directed by Dalila Ennadre.
Synopsis
A voice embodying Casablanca's old medina recounts the stories of the inhabitants who live inside its walls.
Festivals, awards and accolades
2014 : Panorama des Cinémas du Maghreb et du Moyen-Orient (PCMMO)
2014 : Dubai International Film Festival (DIFF)
2014: 6th International Festival of Documentary Film (FIDADOC) (awarded Grand TV 2M Prize)
References
2013 documentary films
2013 films
Dumpy may refer to:
Dumpy level, an optical instrument used in surveying and building to transfer, measure, or set horizontal levels
Dumpy's Rusty Nuts British rock band founded by Graham "Dumpy" Dunnell
Scots Dumpy, a breed of chicken from Scotland
Dumpy books, a series of small-format books published in Britain by Grant Richards between 1897 and 1904
Dumpy tree frog, a common name for Australian Green Tree Frog
Adam Schmitt (born June 16, 1968) is a singer/songwriter from Urbana, Illinois. They recorded two albums, World So Bright and Illiterature with Reprise Records in the early 1990s. They recorded albums in their Mixolydian Studios, working with artists such as Hum and Uncle Tupelo. They released their third album, Demolition, in 2001 after signing with Parasol Records, and continues to record and produce albums for other artists, including Velvet Crush, Three Hour Tour, Robynn Ragland, and Destroy The Heart (featuring Darren Robbins). They have worked with Tommy Keene, Eric Voeks, Richard Lloyd, Common Loon, Megan Johns, Unbunny, The Dirty Feathers, Elsinore, The Hathaways, and Shipwreck.
On June 24, 2016, former Cheap Trick drummer Bun E. Carlos released their first solo CD; Greetings from Bunezuela. Schmitt contributed to the effort and is listed in the credits as 'mixer' (along with Rick Barnes).
Discography
World So Bright, 1991 (Reprise).
Illiterature, 1993 (Reprise).
Demolition, 2001 (Parasol).
References
American male singers
American rock singers
Musicians from Champaign, Illinois
Living people
1968 births
Venezuela is a country in South America, bordering the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean, between Colombia and Guyana. It is situated on major sea and air routes linking North and South America. Located at the northernmost end of South America, Venezuela has a total area of and a land area of . It is the 32nd largest country and is slightly smaller than Egypt, or half the size of Mexico. Shaped roughly like an inverted triangle, the country has a long coastline. It is bound on the north by the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean, on the east by Guyana, on the south by Brazil, and on the west by Colombia. It has the 55th largest Exclusive Economic Zone of . Its maritime territory borders Trinidad and Tobago, Dominica, the Dominican Republic, Grenada, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, France, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and the United States. Venezuela also claims the region of Guayana Esequiba, currently under the control of Guyana.
Topography
Most observers describe Venezuela in terms of four fairly well-defined regions: the Maracaibo lowlands in the northwest, the northern mountains extending in a broad east–west arc from the Colombian border along the Caribbean Sea, the wide Orinoco plains (Llanos) in central Venezuela, and rank highly dissected Guiana highlands in the southeast.
The Maracaibo lowlands form a large spoon-shaped oval bounded by mountains on three sides and open to the Caribbean on the north. The area is remarkably flat with only a gentle slope toward the center and away from the mountains that border the region. Lake Maracaibo occupies much of the lower-lying territory. Areas around the southern part of Lake Maracaibo are swampy, and, despite the rich agricultural land and significant petroleum deposits, the area was still thinly populated as of 1990.
The mountains bordering the Caribbean Sea are actually the northeasternmost extension of the Andes chain. Broken by several gaps, these high mountains have peaks over ; the fertile valleys between the ranges contain most of Venezuela's population, industry, and agriculture. The discontinuous westernmost range runs along the Colombian border and is the least densely populated part of this region. The ranges southeast of Lake Maracaibo contain some of the highest peaks in the country (Pico Bolivar reaches ), a few of which are snowcapped year-round.
A broad gap separates this mountainous area from another rugged pair of ranges that parallel the north-central coast. The series of valleys between these two parallel ranges constitute the core area of the country; as the site of burgeoning metropolitan Caracas, this comparatively small area hosts the country's densest population, the most intensive agriculture, and the best transportation network. Another broad gap separates this area from the easternmost group of mountains, a series of dissected hills and uplands that rise steeply from the Caribbean and extend eastward almost to Trinidad.
The great expanse of lowlands known as the Orinoco plains extends westward from the Caribbean coast to the Colombian border between the northern mountains and the Rio Orinoco. This region is commonly known as the llanos, although it also contains large stretches of swampland in the Orinoco Delta and near the Colombian border. The area slopes gradually away from the highland areas that surround it; elevations in the llanos never exceed . North of the Rio Apure, rivers flowing out of the northern mountains cut shallow valleys, leaving eroded ridges that give the land a gently rolling appearance. South of the Apure, the terrain is flatter and elevations lower.
One of the oldest land forms in South America, the Guiana highlands rise almost immediately south and east of the Rio Orinoco. Erosion has created unusual formations in this region. Comprising over half of the country, the highlands consist primarily of plateau areas scored by swiftly running tributaries of the Orinoco. The most conspicuous topographical feature of the region is the Gran Sabana, a large, deeply eroded high plateau that rises from surrounding areas in abrupt cliffs up to . Above the rolling surface of the Gran Sabana, massive, flat-topped bluffs emerge; many of these bluffs (referred to as tepuis by the Venezuelans) reach considerable altitudes. The most famous tepui contains Angel Falls, the world's highest waterfall.
Climate
Although the country lies wholly within the tropics, its climate varies from tropical humid to alpine, depending on the elevation, topography, and the direction and intensity of prevailing winds. Seasonal variations are marked less by temperature than by rainfall. Most of the country has a distinct rainy season; the rainy period (May through November) is commonly referred to as winter and the remainder of the year as summer.
Average yearly rainfall amounts in the lowlands and plains range from an arid in the Paraguaná Peninsula – the driest part of South America outside the Arid Diagonal – to around in the Orinoco Delta and or more in Los Llanos and Amazonas. Rainfall in mountainous areas varies considerably; sheltered valleys receive little rain, but slopes exposed to the northeast trade winds experience heavy rainfall. Caracas averages of precipitation annually, with very little rain falling from December to April.
The country falls into four temperature zones based primarily on elevation. In the tropical zone—below —temperatures are hot, with yearly averages ranging between . The temperate zone ranges between with averages from ; many of Venezuela's cities, including the capital, lie in this region. Colder conditions with temperatures from are found in the cool zone between . Pastureland and permanent snowfield with yearly averages below cover land above in the high mountain areas known as the páramos.
Climate data
Hydrography
The Orinoco is by far the most important of the more than 1,000 rivers in the country. Flowing more than 2,500 kilometers to the Atlantic from its source in the Guiana highlands at the Brazilian border, the Orinoco is the world's eighth largest river and the largest in South America after the Amazon. Its flow varies substantially by season, with the high water level in August exceeding by as much as thirteen meters the low levels of March and April. During low water periods, the river experiences high and low tides for more than 100 kilometers upstream from Ciudad Guayana.
For most of the river's course, the gradient is slight. Downstream from its headwaters, it splits into two; one-third of its flow passes through the Brazo Casiquiare (Casiquiare Channel) into a tributary of the Amazon, and the remainder passes into the main Orinoco channel. This passageway allows vessels with shallow drafts to navigate from the lower Orinoco to the Amazon River system after unloading and reloading on either side of two falls on the Orinoco along the Colombian border.
Most of the rivers rising in the northern mountains flow southeastward to the Río Apure, a tributary of the Orinoco. From its headwater, the Apure crosses the llanos in a generally eastward direction. Few rivers flow into it from the poorly drained region south of the river and much of this area near the Colombian border is swampland.
The other major Venezuelan river is the fast-flowing Caroní, which originates in the Guiana highlands and flows northward into the Orinoco upstream from Ciudad Guyana. The Caroní is capable of producing as much hydroelectric power as any river in Latin America and has contributed significantly to the nation's electric power production. Electricity generated by the Caroní was one of the factors encouraging industrialization of the northern part of the Guiana highlands and the lower Orinoco valley.
Lake Maracaibo occupies the central 13,500 square kilometers of the Maracaibo lowlands. The low swampy shores of the lake and areas beneath the lake itself hold most of Venezuela's rich petroleum deposits. The lake is shallow, with an average depth of ten meters, and separated from the Caribbean by a series of islands and sandbars. In 1955 a 7.5-meter channel was cut through the sandbars to facilitate shipping between the lake and the Caribbean. The channel also allows salt water to mix with the yellowish fresh water of the lake, making the northern parts brackish and unsuited for drinking or irrigation.
A recent global remote sensing analysis suggested that there were of tidal flats in Venezuela, making it the 36th ranked country in terms of tidal flat extent.
Extreme points
Northernmost point – Isla Aves
Northernmost point (mainland) – Cape San Román
Southernmost point – Border with Brazil, Río Negro Municipality, Amazonas
Westernmost point – Border with Colombia, Zulia State
Easternmost point – Border with Guyana, near the Caribbean sea coast, Delta Amacuro State
Highest point – Pico Bolívar:
Lowest point – Caribbean Sea: 0 m
References
The Plymouth is a historic building in Washington, D.C., United States. It is in the Logan Circle-Shaw neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of the city. Frederick Atkinson designed the building in the Classical Revival style and it was completed in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
References
Residential buildings completed in 1903
Apartment buildings in Washington, D.C.
Neoclassical architecture in Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Logan Circle (Washington, D.C.)
Klaus D. Schmidt (born 25 September 1943) is an Austrian mathematician and retired professor at the Faculty of Mathematics, University of Vienna.
After studying mathematics at the University of Vienna they received their doctorate in 1968 under Edmund Hlawka. They held visiting professorships in Technical University of Vienna, University of Manchester in 1969, Bedford College (1969–1974) and the University of Warwick from 1974 to 1994 after which they came back to the University of Vienna. They retired in 2009. In 1975/76
K. R. Parthasarathy invited Klaus Schmidt to spend 7 months at the new Delhi Centre of Indian Statistical Institute (Parthasarathy was then working at the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi).
In 1994 they were awarded the Ferran Sunyer i Balaguer Prize for the monograph Dynamical systems of algebraic origin.  They are member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences.
They have researched among other things, ergodic theory and its connections with arithmetic, commutative algebra, harmonic analysis, operator algebras and probability theory.
Publications
Positive definite kernels, continuous tensor products, and central limit theorems in probability theory (with KR Parthasarathy). Lecture Notes in Mathematics, Vol 272, Springer Verlag 1972.
Cocycles of ergodic transformation groups. Lecture Notes in Mathematics, Vol 1, MacMillan (India) 1977.
Amarts and set function processes (with Allen Gut). Lecture Notes in Mathematics, Vol 1042, Springer-Verlag 1983. .
Algebraic Ideas in Ergodic Theory. CBMS Lecture Notes, Vol 76, Amer. Math Soc. 1990.
Dynamical systems of algebraic origin. Progress in Mathematics, Vol 128, Birkhauser Verlag 1995.
References
External links
Klaus Schmidt's Home Page
1943 births
Living people
Austrian mathematicians
University of Vienna faculty
University of Vienna alumni
Members of the Austrian Academy of Sciences
In Greek mythology, Axion () was the name of the following two individuals.
Axion, son of Phegeus of Psophis in Arcadia and brother of Temenus and Alphesiboea. At the command of their father, Axion together with their brother murdered by treachery their brother-in-law Alcmaeon and the two then dedicated the necklace of Harmonia to the god Apollo in Delphi. It is said that when the expedition of the Greeks to Troy took place, Axion and Temenus were the kings in the city that was still called Phegia (former name of Psophis). The people of Psophis assert that the reason why they took no part in the expedition was because their princes had incurred the enmity of the leaders of the Argives, who were in most cases related by blood to Alcmaeon, and had joined them in their campaign against Thebes. Later on, the widowed sister, Alphesiboea killed their own brothers in revenge of their husband's death. Otherwise, Apollodorus calls the two sons of Phegeus, Agenor and Pronous.
Axion, son of Priam of Troy, who was killed by Eurypylus, son of Euaemon during the Trojan War.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Sextus Propertius, Elegies from Charm. Vincent Katz. trans. Los Angeles. Sun & Moon Press. 1995. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Latin text available at the same website.
Princes in Greek mythology
Kings in Greek mythology
Trojans
Children of Priam
Characters in Greek mythology
Arcadian mythology
Ruman Ahmed (born 5 October 1991) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for Sylhet Division since the 2009–10 season.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Bangladeshi cricketers
Sylhet Division cricketers
Dhaka Division cricketers
Bangladesh under-23 cricketers
Cricketers from Dhaka
Churiwal (चूरीवाल) is a surname in Agarwal Caste of Hindu community found throughout northern, central and western India, mainly in the states of Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, Chandigarh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Delhi, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh.
See also
Agrawal
Bania (caste)
Gahoi
References
Ujjainee Roy (13 March 2020) "Devika Churiwal's newest line-up brings the beloved batik into luxury cocktail wear"
Simply Wall St (September 30, 2019) Shubha Churiwal Just Sold A Bunch Of Shares In HEG Limited (NSE:HEG)
Churiwal Surname Origin
Surnames
Indian surnames
Bania communities
Gotras of Agarwal
Gennadi Vladimirovich Syomin (; 4 December 1967 – 8 June 2021) was a Russian professional football coach and player.
Club career
Syomin manages an amateur side FC Olimpik Novaya Usman. They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1984 for FShM Moscow. They played one game for FC Spartak Moscow in the Soviet Cup.
References
1967 births
Footballers from Moscow
2021 deaths
Soviet footballers
Association football midfielders
Russian footballers
FC Asmaral Moscow players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
Russian Premier League players
FC Elista players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Salyut Belgorod players
Russian football managers
FC Fakel Voronezh managers
FC FShM Torpedo Moscow players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
Adriano Bonaiuti (born 7 May 1967) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player who played as a goalkeeper.  They are the current goalkeeping coach of Inter Milan.
Career
A youth product of Cesena, they started their career with minor league club Sambenedettese before to become Stefano Tacconi's backup at Juventus. In 1991, they joined Padova, where they spent five years as a regular, being protagonist to the club's rise into the top flight. From 1996 to 1998 they played for Palermo, successively moving to another Western Sicilian club, Trapani. In 2000, after a short stint at Pescara, they joined Udinese as third-choice keeper, retiring from football in 2005.
They served as goalkeeping coach of Udinese from 2004 to 2005 (while still active as a player), then moving back to their native Rome to fill in the same position under head coach Luciano Spalletti (from 2005 to 2009).
Honours
Juventus
UEFA Cup winner: 1989–90.
Coppa Italia winner: 1989–90.
External links
Profile at Lega-Calcio.it
Profile at Playerhistory.com
1967 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
A.S. Sambenedettese players
Trapani Calcio players
Juventus F.C. players
Calcio Padova players
Palermo F.C. players
Cosenza Calcio 1914 players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
Udinese Calcio players
Association football goalkeepers
UEFA Cup winning players
Inter Milan non-playing staff
Pedro Robert (born 11 July 1956) is a Spanish water polo player. They competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics, the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Barcelona
Eurybelodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean in the family Amebelodontidae.
Taxonomy
The type specimen, a partial upper tusk, was described from Black Butte in western Oregon in 1963. It was originally assigned to the genus Platybelodon, but was reclassified as a distinct genus after a 2016 analysis revealed key morphological differences between it and other amebelodontids. Though it was originally classified in the family Gomphotheriidae with Platybelodon and Amebelodon, it was moved when the subfamily Amebelodontinae was elevated to a distinct family.
The genus name comes from the Greek eury, which means broad, and belodon, meaning front tooth. The specific name of the type species is dedicated to Jeheskel Shoshani, who made significant contributions to proboscidean research.
References
Amebelodontidae
Miocene proboscideans
Miocene mammals of North America
Prehistoric placental genera
Fossil taxa described in 2016
Galateo is a barrio in the municipality of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 5,917.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Galateo barrio was 606.
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Galateo barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico
David Jovanović (born David Jovanović, 15 August 2002) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Chiasso. While they primarily play on the left of midfield, they can also play fullback, centrally and on the right hand side of the pitch.
Professional career
Stefanovic made their professional debut with FC Lugano in a 1-0 Swiss Super League win over Neuchâtel Xamax on 3 August 2020.
On 7 July 2021, they signed with Chiasso.
Personal life
Born in Switzerland, Stefanovic is of Serbian descent. Stefanovic originally went by David Jovanovic but changed their name in January 2021 for unknown reasons.
References
External links
SFL Profile
2001 births
Living people
People from Sorengo
Swiss footballers
Swiss people of Serbian descent
Association football fullbacks
FC Lugano players
FC Chiasso players
Swiss Super League players
Sportspeople from Ticino
8026 Johnmckay, provisional designation , is a binary Hungaria asteroid and very slow rotator from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 2 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 8 May 1991, by American astronomer Eleanor Helin at the U.S. Palomar Observatory, California, and later named for NASA test pilot John B. McKay.
Classification and orbit
The bright E-type asteroid is a member of the Hungaria family, which form the innermost dense concentration of asteroids in the Solar System. Johnmckay orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 1.8–2.1 AU once every 2 years and 8 months (976 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.08 and an inclination of 20° with respect to the ecliptic. The first observation was made at the discovering observatory in 1989, extending the asteroid's observation arc by almost 2 years prior to its discovery.
Diameter estimates
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, Johnmckay measures 1.7 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an exceptionally high albedo of 0.81, while the Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for Hungaria asteroids of 0.30, and calculates a diameter of 2.5 kilometers, based on an absolute magnitude of 14.9.
Lightcurves
Primary
Two rotational lightcurves of Johnmckay were obtained for this asteroid from photometric observations by U.S. astronomer Brian D. Warner at the Palmer Divide Station (PDO), Colorado. In August 2010, the first lightcurve gave a long rotation period of hours with a brightness variation of 1.0 in magnitude (). The second lightcurve from June 2015, gave a similar period of with an amplitude of 0.66 in magnitude ().
This makes Johnmckay one of the Top 100+ the slowest rotators known to exist.
Moon
In 2010 a small asteroid moon was discovered around this asteroid. It has an orbital period of hours, while observations at the PDO gave it a period of 2.2981 and 14.93 hours, respectively.
Naming
This minor planet was named in memory of NASA test pilot John B. McKay (1922–1975), one of the first pilots assigned to fly the North American X-15. They were also assigned to the X-1E and to the D-558-II. They died in 1975, from injuries they had sustained during a X-15 crash. In 2005, they received posthumous the astronaut badge for a reached peak-altitude of . The approved naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 7 February 2012 ().
References
External links
Lightcurve plot of 8026 Johnmckay (1991 JA1), Palmer Divide Observatory, B. D. Warner (2010)
Asteroids with Satellites, Robert Johnston, johnstonsarchive.net
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (5001)-(10000) – Minor Planet Center
008026
Discoveries by Eleanor F. Helin
Minor planets named for people
Named minor planets
008026
008026
19910508
Mihai Rădulescu (born 24 July 1962) is a Romanian biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Romanian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Romania
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Vatra Dornei
List of notable Dutch colonial buildings built by or during the Dutch Governorate of Ceylon in present-day Sri Lanka. The Dutch Ceylon was a Governorate established by the Dutch East India Company and lasted from 1640 until 1796. During this period many Dutch style buildings and structures were built that exist to this day, many other smaller buildings and houses also exist throughout the country.
List
See also
Forts in Sri Lanka
References
External links
Dutch colonial architecture in Sri Lanka
Dutch colonial
Mazdacis consimilis is a species of snout moth in the genus Mazdacis. It was described by Paul Dognin in 1911. It is found in Guyana.
References
Moths described in 1911
Epipaschiinae
Pantelosaurus (meaning "complete lizard") is an extinct genus of basal sphenacodonts known from the Early Permian period (Asselian stage) of Saxony, Germany. It contains a single species, Pantelosaurus saxonicus.
Discovery
Pantelosaurus is known from about 6 individuals including skulls and partial postcranial skeletons. All specimens were collected at Königin-Carola-Schacht locality, in Dresden, from the uppermost part of the Döhlen Formation, lower Rotliegend Group (Döhlen Basin), dating to the Asselian stage of the Cisuralian series, about 299–296.4 million years old.
Classification
Pantelosaurus was first described by von Huene (1925) as a pelycosaur. In 1940, Alfred Sherwood Romer and Llewellyn Price revised the taxonomy of pelycosaurs and synonymized Pantelosaurus with Haptodus, creating the new combination Haptodus saxonicus. After describing a new species of Haptodus in 1977, Currie (1979) synonymized all European haptodontines, as well as Cutleria wilmarthi, with the type of the genus, H. baylei. Later, Laurin (1993 and 1994) considered Haptodontinae to represent a polyphyletic grade of basal sphenacodonts, and revalidated Pantelosaurus among other genera and species. Their revision has since been accepted. Only three phylogenetic analyses included Pantelosaurus. Laurin (1994), Fröbisch et al. (2011) and Benson (2012) recovered it as a basal sphenacodont, more derived than Haptodus garnettensis (Currie, 1977) or in a polytomy with it. The cladogram below shows Pantelosaurus' phylogenetic position among other synapsids following Benson (2012).
Spindler (2016) utilized use of the name Palaeohatteriidae for the clade comprising Palaeohatteria and Pantelosaurus.
Etymology
Pantelosaurus was first described and named by Friedrich von Huene in 1925 and the type species is Pantelosaurus saxonicus. The generic name is derived from the Greek word pantelos "complete, finished" in reference to the nearly complete condition of the original fossil specimens, providing information on the animal's skull and most of its skeleton. The specific name is derived from the name of the Free State of Saxony in which the holotype was found.
References
Prehistoric sphenacodonts
Prehistoric synapsid genera
Asselian genera
Cisuralian synapsids of Europe
Permian Germany
Fossils of Germany
Fossil taxa described in 1925
John Hamer is the name of:
John Hamer (figure skater) (born 1982), English figure skater
John Hamer (footballer) (born 1944), English footballer
John C. Hamer (born 1970), American-Canadian historian and mapmaker
Thomas Hengen (born 22 September 1974) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Playing career
Born in Landau in the Palatinate, Hengen was in the amateur side of the SV Rülzheim and Phönix Bellheim before they moved 1989 to 1. FC Kaiserslautern. With the A youth team, they won the German youth championship in 1993. As an international youth player, they amassed a total of 13 international matches in the U16 and U18, then another 13 games for the U21 national team.
In the 1992–93 season, they debuted for 1. FC Kaiserslautern their first Bundesliga match. In their last game for 1. FC Kaiserslautern, they won the German Cup in Berlin in May 1996.
They then accepted the offer of Karlsruher SC who, after the departure of Jens Nowotny, were on the lookout for a new defense boss. They fit seamlessly into the team in their first season 1996–97 at KSC and completed 30 of 34 games. In the following season, the KSC relegated from the Bundesliga but Hengen stayed in the Bundesliga playing for Borussia Dortmund, VfL Wolfsburg and Kaiserslautern, only interrupted by a brief interlude with Beşiktaş J.K. Overall, they amassed 224 Bundesliga matches and seven goals.
In 2004, they moved to the 2. Bundesliga side Alemannia Aachen, but did not play any more because of a chronic hip osteoarthritis. After unsuccessful rehabilitation, they retired in early 2006.
Post-playing career
From 2006 to 2007, they were head of the junior excellence centre of TSV Alemannia Aachen. In the 2007–08 season, they took over the training of the second team until the end of the season.
Honours
DFB-Pokal: 1995–96
References
1974 births
Living people
German footballers
Bundesliga players
VfL Wolfsburg players
Beşiktaş J.K. footballers
1. FC Kaiserslautern II players
1. FC Kaiserslautern players
Karlsruher SC players
Alemannia Aachen players
Borussia Dortmund players
Germany under-21 international footballers
Germany B international footballers
Association football defenders
People from Landau
Footballers from Rhineland-Palatinate
Atar Airport or Atar International Airport is an airport serving Atar, a town in the Adrar Region of Mauritania.
World War II
During World War II, the airport was used by the United States Army Air Forces Air Transport Command as a stopover for cargo, transiting aircraft and personnel on the North African Cairo-Dakar transport route for cargo, transiting aircraft and personnel. It connected to Dakar Airport in the South and Agadir Airport to the north.
References
External links
Airports in Mauritania
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces Air Transport Command in North Africa
World War II airfields in Mauritania
Tunnel City is an unincorporated census-designated place in the town of Greenfield, Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States, named after the train tunnel through a hill just to the west of town.
Milwaukee Road tunnels
This first tunnel was built by the La Crosse and Milwaukee railroad, and used by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad (Milwaukee Road). The first tunnel was completed in 1858 as the last segment of the rail route from Milwaukee to La Crosse. The station was simply named "Tunnel". This tunnel was updated in 1861. It was replaced by another tunnel directly to its north in 1874. That tunnel, and the railroad itself, is now owned by the Canadian Pacific Railway, whose Soo Line subsidiary purchased the rail assets of the Milwaukee Road in February 1985. The CP also hosts Amtrak's Empire Builder passenger train, though rail traffic is dominated by freight as the Tomah Subdivision. The Empire Builder does not stop in Tunnel City. The Soo Line had raised the bore of the tunnel completed in 1993 to accommodate double stack traffic. The Soo Line considered excavating the hill or "daylighting" the tunnel bore.
Chicago and North Western tunnel
The Milwaukee, Sparta, and Northwestern Railroad Company, a subsidiary of the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company, built the "Air Line" or "Adams Cutoff" towards Sparta, Wisconsin in 1910. This is when the third tunnel through the hill west of the town was constructed. It is just to the north of the Milwaukee Road tunnels, and parallel. This 1910 tunnel collapsed in March 1973. An extra heavy snow added to already saturated ground. The Chicago and North Western rerouted to the older Milwaukee tunnel. The CNW route, to Onalaska and Winona, is now mostly abandoned between Tunnel City and Medary. The Union Pacific Railroad, which purchased the CNW, has trackage rights from Tunnel City to Winona (Tower CK) on the parallel Canadian Pacific track. These rights date from the CNW tunnel collapse in 1973.
Census information
As of the 2010 census, its population is 106. Tunnel City has an area of , all of it land.
Gallery
Notes
Census-designated places in Wisconsin
Census-designated places in Monroe County, Wisconsin
TJ Sokol Ovčáry is a football club located in the village of Ovčáry (Mělník District), Czech Republic. The club played in the Bohemian Football League in the 2011–2012 season.
Despite finishing 10th of 18 teams in the 2011–12 Bohemian Football League, due to financial reasons Ovčáry left the league at the end of the season and took their place two divisions lower, in the Středočeský krajský přebor, the following season.
References
External links
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Sokol
Histone H2A type 1-D is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HIST1H2AD gene.
Histones are basic nuclear proteins that are responsible for the nucleosome structure of the chromosomal fiber in eukaryotes. This structure consists of approximately 146 bp of DNA wrapped around a nucleosome, an octamer composed of pairs of each of the four core histones (H2A, H2B, H3, and H4). The chromatin fiber is further compacted through the interaction of a linker histone, H1, with the DNA between the nucleosomes to form higher order chromatin structures. This gene is intronless and encodes a member of the histone H2A family. Transcripts from this gene lack polyA tails; instead, they contain a palindromic termination element. This gene is found in the large histone gene cluster on chromosome 6p22-p21.3.
References
Further reading
Lauri Asko Antero Sarkola (born September 3, 1945, in Helsinki) is a Finnish actor and theater manager. They studied at the Svenska Teaterskolan from 1963 to 1966. They had a long career at the Swedish-speaking Lilla Teatern, where they first starred in 1967–1974 and served as deputy director from 1972 to 1974. In 1974–1981 and 1984–1997, Sarkola was the director of Lilla Teatern. From 1982 to 1985, Sarkola worked as a professor at the Helsinki Theatre Academy. They directed the Helsinki City Theatre from 1998 to 2016.
Sarkola has played numerous roles in television, theater and movies. They starred in the lead, author Algot Untola, in the 1980 film Flame Top. Sarkola has acted in both Finnish and Swedish films and acted as a narrator in the Finnish version of radio drama The Men from the Ministry.
Sarkola has been the chairperson of the Finlands Svenska Teaterförbundet 1978–1983, 1985–1986, the chairperson of the Centralförbundet för Finlands svenska theater organizer 1983–1988, the Finnish representative of the Nordic Theater and Dance Committee 1988–2000 and the only member of the Norwegian Ministry of Culture's theater committee. In 2013, Sarkola selected the recipient of the Finlandia Prize for Literature. Sarkola retired from the position of director of the Helsinki City Theater at the end of 2016. In the autumn of 2017, they played the role of Marshal Mannerheim in Juha Vakkuri's play Mannerheim ja saksalainen suudelma ("Mannerheim and the German Kiss").
Sarkola has been married twice, of whom they have three children from their first marriage (1978–1984). Since 1990, Sarkola has been married to actor Jonna Järnefelt and they have three children in common.
Selected filmography
Flame Top (Tulipää, 1980)
Beyond the Front Line (Framom främsta linjen, 2004)
1944: The Final Defence (Tali-Ihantala 1944, 2007)
Blackout (2008)
Bad Family (Paha perhe, 2010)
The Human Part (Ihmisen osa, 2018)
Further reading
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Male actors from Helsinki
20th-century Finnish male actors
21st-century Finnish male actors
Finnish male film actors
Finnish male stage actors
Finnish male television actors
Academic personnel of the University of the Arts Helsinki
Pro Finlandia Medals of the Order of the Lion of Finland
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1604.
Events
January 1 – The King's Men perform Shakespeare's comedy A Midsummer Night's Dream at the English Court.
c. April – The King's Men perform Ben Jonson's tragedy Sejanus Their Fall (written 1603 and previously presented at Court) at the Globe Theatre, where it is not popular. The title role is probably played by Richard Burbage, and Shakespeare also appears.
July – Miguel de Cervantes sells the rights of the first part of their satirical novel on the theme of chivalry, Don Quixote (El ingenioso hidalgo don Quijote de la Mancha), to Madrid publisher-bookseller Francisco de Robles. In September license to publish is granted and in December the printing (by Juan de la Cuesta) is finished for publication the following month.
November 1 ("Hallowmas" Day) – The King's Men perform Shakespeare's tragedy Othello at Whitehall Palace with Burbage in the title role, the first recorded performance.
November 4 – The King's Men perform Shakespeare's comedy The Merry Wives of Windsor at Whitehall Palace.
December 26 – The King's Men perform Shakespeare's comedy Measure for Measure at Court.
December 28 – The King's Men perform Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors at Court.
December – A report shows that the King's Men are performing a play on the politically sensitive Gowrie Conspiracy. It is suppressed and has not survived, but does not affect the company's general success.
The first known performance of a Shakespeare play in translation, Romeo and Juliet, is performed at Nördlingen in Bavaria in an anonymous German version, .
Construction takes place of the Red Bull Theatre at Clerkenwell in London.
The last performances in England of the Beverley miracle plays are given.
Isaac Casaubon becomes sub-librarian of the royal library in Paris.
The Table Alphabeticall, the first known English alphabetical dictionary, is published.
New books
Prose
Bhattakalanka Deva – Karnataka Sabdanusasana
Lancelot de Casteau – L'Ouverture de cuisine
Francisco de Quevedo – El Buscón (approximate date of composition)
Thomas Dekker
News from Gravesend
The Meeting of Gallants at an Ordinary
Elizabeth Grymeston – Miscellanea: prayers, meditations, memoratives
King James I of England – A Counterblaste to Tobacco
Agnolo Monosini – Floris Italicae lingue libri novem
Samuel Rowlands –
John Stow – Revised edition of Summarie of Englyshe Chronicles
Simon Studion – Naometria
Jacques Auguste de Thou – Historia sui temporis (History of Their Own Times)
Drama
William Alexander, 1st Earl of Stirling – The Monarchic Tragedies; includes Croesus and Darius, two closet dramas
Samuel Daniel – Philotas; The Vision of the Twelve Goddesses (masque)
Thomas Dekker and Thomas Middleton – The Honest Whore, Part 1
Thomas Dekker and John Webster – Westward Ho
Ben Jonson and Thomas Dekker – The Coronation Triumph
Christopher Marlowe (k. 1593) – Doctor Faustus (first quarto, the "A text"; original text probably written around 1589)
John Marston – The Malcontent (published)
Thomas Middleton – Michaelmas Term
William Shakespeare – Hamlet published (second quarto, "Q2", a "good" quarto as opposed to the 1603 "bad quarto", "Q1")
Poetry
Bernardo de Balbuena – La Grandeza Mexicana ("Mexico's Grandeur")
Nicholas Breton – The Passionate Shepherd
Guru Arjan – Guru Granth Sahib
Anthony Scoloker – Daiphantus, or the Passions of Love
Births
February 24 – Arcangela Tarabotti, born Elena Tarabotti, Venetian nun and feminist writer (died 1652)
May 10 – Jean Mairet, French dramatist (died 1686)
May 29 (bapt.) – Isaac Ambrose, English religious writer and diarist (died c. 1663)
October 16 – Charles Coypeau d'Assoucy, French burlesque poet (died 1677)
November 23 (bapt.) – Jasper Mayne, English translator and dramatist (died 1672)
Unknown dates
Charles Cotin, French philosopher and poet (died 1681)
Nicholas French, Irish Catholic pamphleteer and bishop (died 1678)
Girolamo Graziani, Italian poet (died 1675)
Deaths
February 25 – Manuel da Costa, Portuguese historian (born 1541)
March 4 – Fausto Paolo Sozzini, Italian theologian (born 1539)
March 13 – Arnaud d'Ossat, French diplomat, cardinal and writer (born 1537)
April 1 – Thomas Churchyard, English poet (born c. 1520)
June 10 – Isabella Andreini, Paduan-born actor and writer (born 1564)
June 24 – Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford English poet, playwright and courtier (born 1550)
August 3 – Bernardino de Mendoza, Spanish military commander and historian (born c. 1540)
September 10 – William Morgan, Welsh Bible translator (born 1545)
October 8 – Janus Dousa, Dutch historian and poet (born 1545)
November – Thomas Storer, English poet (born c. 1571)
December 22 – Juan Jose Marti, Spanish novelist (born c. 1570)
unknown date – Thomas North, English translator (born 1535)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Still Life was an album by Tasmanian rock band The Paradise Motel. It was released to largely positive reviews in 1996.
Later copies of the album were accompanied by the bonus CD Junk Mail, a half-hour instrumental soundscape.
Themes
This album began the band's interest in disappearances and landscape. Two singles were taken from the album, 'Bad Light' and 'Calling You'. It is still regarded as one of the band's most popular albums, and live sets still feature many songs from it. The album followed on from the EP Left Over Life To Kill released several months earlier, and is considered their debut.
Track listing
Personnel
Mérida Sussex - vocals
Matt Bailey - bass
Matt Aulich - guitars
BJ Austin - organ, pedal steel
Tim O'Shannassy - drums
Charles Bickford - guitar, organ, percussion
Lyrics were written by Charles Bickford, string arrangements were composed by Matt Aulich.
References
1996 albums
The Paradise Motel albums
Mushroom Records albums
Marcus Harvey Steed (born 8 May 1975) is an English cricketer. Steed is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-fast. They were born at Market Harborough, Leicestershire.
Steed initially represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board, making their debut in List A for them against the Yorkshire Cricket Board in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. From 2001 to 2002, they represented the Board in 4 List A match, they last of which came against the Yorkshire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002.
In 2003, they joined Bedfordshire, making their Minor Counties Championship debut for the county against Cumberland. From 2003 to 2009, they represented the county in 34 Championship matches, the last of which came against Northumberland. Their debut for the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy came against Suffolk in 2003. From 2003 to 2009, they represented the county in 13 Trophy matches, the last of which came against Staffordshire.
Steed also represented Bedfordshire in List A cricket when they were permitted to take part in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. Their first List A match for the county came against Warwickshire in the 3rd round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. They played 2 further List A match for the county against Cheshire in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2003 and against Sussex in the 1st round of the 2005 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.
In their career total of 7 List A match, they scored 55 runs at a batting average of 11.00, with a high score of 22, while in the field they took a single catch. With the ball they bowled 18 wicket-less overs.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
People from Market Harborough
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Bedfordshire cricketers
St. Francis is an unincorporated community in central Alberta within Leduc County, located north of Highway 39, west of Leduc.
Localities in Leduc County
Väisänen is a Finnish surname.
Geographical distribution
As of 2014, 94.9% of all known bearers of the surname Väisänen were residents of Finland and 3.8% of Sweden.
In Finland, the frequency of the surname was higher than national average (1:557) in the following regions:
1. Kainuu (1:85)
2. Southern Savonia (1:153)
3. Northern Savonia (1:212)
4. North Ostrobothnia (1:332)
People
A. O. Väisänen (1890–1969), Finnish scholar of folk music, an ethnographer and ethno-musicologist
Ilpo Väisänen (born 1963), Finnish electronic musician
Kalle Väisänen (born 2003), Finnish ice hockey player
Matti Väisänen (ski-orienteer) (born 1948), Finnish ski-orienteering competitor
Matti Väisänen (bishop) (born 1934), Finnish former priest and bishop
Mervi Väisänen (born 1973), Finnish ski-orienteering and mountain bike orienteering competitor
Sauli Väisänen (born 1994), Finnish footballer
Ville Väisänen (born 1977), Finnish footballer
References
Finnish-language surnames
Granotoma krausei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
There is one subspecies : Granotoma krausei regulus (W.H. Dall, 1919) (synonym: Oenopota regulus W.H. Dall, 1919.
Description
The length of the shell varies between 7 mm and 12 mm.
(Original description) The small shell is elongated and ovate, compressed. it has about six whorls and a rather large smooth protoconch. The transverse sculpture of, on the body whorl, consists of about twenty- six broad flattened waves, strongly flexed, most elevated over the fasciole, and becoming narrower and less prominent anteriorly. The outer angle of the anal notch is rather prominent and makes an angulation especially of the earlier whorls, which fall away in a peculiarly flattened manner to the suture. The longitudinal sculpture consists of fine sharp grooves, which pass uniformly over the ribs and interspaces, are somewhat stronger on the earlier whorls and very uniform, only a little coarser on the siphonal canal. The notch is more marked than usual in this genus. The shell is pure white and the epidermis is grayish yellow and quite strong.
Distribution
This species occurs in the Sea of Japan, the Bering Sea and off Alaska and British Columbia.
References
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1–1295.
Gulbin, Vladimir V. "Review of the Shell-bearing Gastropods in the Russian Waters of the East Sea (Sea of Japan). III. Caenogastropoda: Neogastropoda." The Korean Journal of Malacology 25.1 (2009): 51–70.
krausei
Gastropods described in 1887
Saving Santa is a 2013 British computer-animated comedy film created and written by Tony Nottage and directed by Leon Joosen, produced by Tony Nottage, Terry Stone and Nick Simunek. The film was released direct-to-video.
Plot
A lowly stable elf finds that they are the only one who can stop an invasion of the North Pole by using the secret of Santa's Sleigh, a TimeGlobe, to travel back in time to Save Santa, twice.
Voice cast
Martin Freeman as Bernard D. Elf
Tim Curry as Neville Baddington
Noel Clarke as Snowy
Tim Conway as Santa
Pam Ferris as Mrs. Clause
Ashley Tisdale as Shiny
Joan Collins as Vera Baddington
Chris Barrie as Blitzen
Nicholas Guest as Chestnut
Richard Steven Horvitz as Orange Haired Elf and Chestnut
Rebecca Ferdinando as Valley Girl Elf
Craig Fairbrass as The Mercenary
Terry Stone as Mercenary
Alex Walkinshaw as Reporter
Release
It was released in the United Kingdom on November 1, 2013 on Blu-ray and DVD by The Weinstein Company and Anchor Bay Entertainment.
Reception
The film received negative critical reviews. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a score of based on critical reviews.
References
External links
2013 films
2013 comedy films
2013 computer-animated films
2010s Christmas comedy films
British Christmas comedy films
British computer-animated films
Animated Christmas films
Animated films about time travel
Gateway Films films
2010s English-language films
2010s British films
Cornus drummondii, commonly known as the roughleaf dogwood, is a small deciduous tree that is native primarily to the Great Plains and Midwestern regions of the United States. It is also found around the Mississippi River. It is uncommon in the wild, and is mostly found around forest borders. The roughleaf dogwood is used as a buffer strip around parking lots, in the median of highways and near the decks and patios of homes. It can grow to a height of 15 to 25 feet (4.6 - 7.6 m) with a spread of 10 to 15 feet (3.1 - 4.6 m). The roughleaf dogwood flowers during the summer months. It produces near-white four-petaled flowers that are followed by small white fruits, which ripen from August to October. These dogwoods can form a dense thicket that is used as cover for wildlife. Over forty species of birds are known to feed on the fruits.
References
External links
drummondii
Plants described in 1845
Trees of the Eastern United States
Trees of the Plains-Midwest (United States)
Trees of the North-Central United States
Botryllocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Botryllocarpa include:
Botryllocarpa elongata Kott, 1990
Botryllocarpa viridis (Pizon, 1908)
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Carilef (French Calais, Latin Calevisus; died 541) was a hermit who founded the monastery of Aniole. The town of Saint-Calais takes its name from him. According to their ancient biography, the Vita Carileffi, King Childebert I granted them lands after encountering the hermit in a forest where the king was hunting. Laumer was their successor and Siviard, another successor, wrote the Vita.
In the Roman Catholic Church, their feast is celebrated on 1 July.
Notes
External links
Le Mans at the Catholic Encyclopedia
1 March
French hermits
6th-century Frankish saints
541 deaths
Year of birth unknown
No More Tears (For Lady Day) is a 1988 album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in West Germany and released on the Dutch Timeless label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Steve Loewy awarded the album 4 stars, stating: "The pianist is in a somber mood, perhaps because of the theme, though their performance is up to their usually high standards... The delightful ambience of the trio results in a laid-back atmosphere that soothes and calms. A fine antidote to a stressful world and a lovely tribute to Lady Day."
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except where noted.
"Yesterdays" (Otto Harbach, Jerome Kern) – 7:13
"No More Tears" – 7:00
"Melancholy Waltz" – 5:54
"Solitude" (Eddie DeLange, Duke Ellington, Irving Mills) – 6:00
"Love Me or Leave Me" (Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn) – 5:52
"All Night Through" – 6:36
"As Time Goes By" (Herman Hupfeld) – 7:03
"Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" (Otto Harbach, Jerome Kern) – 3:51
"Alone Together" (Howard Dietz, Arthur Schwartz) – 8:44
Recorded in Munich, West Germany on November 1, 2 & 3, 1988
Personnel
Mal Waldron – piano
Paulo Cardoso – bass
John Betsch – drums
References
1988 albums
Mal Waldron albums
Timeless Records albums
The black bushbird (Neoctantes niger) is a species of insectivorous bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae. It is monotypic within the genus Neoctantes. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The black bushbird was described by the Austrian ornithologist August von Pelzeln in 1859 and given the binomial name Xenops niger. The current genus Neoctantes was erected by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1869.
References
black bushbird
Bushbirds
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
black bushbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cirigliano (; Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Cirigliano is an ancient town whose origin is uncertain. It is surrounded by walls and towers. Cirigliano is a typical medieval village which still has a castle tower with an oval base and a chapel within its walls. It has a 17th-century “Pieta” in a decorated wood temple.
Notes and references
External links
Cirigliano community
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Storm International is a Dutch holding company operating in the gambling business, founded in 1992 by Michael Boettcher.
History
The company started its operations in Moscow in 1992 by Michael Boettcher, who began their career as a dealer in London's gambling industry in 1971. They came to Russia as a Project Manager for the US company Legend Investments, where they opened the first casino, “Elite”. After Legend Investments left the Russian market, Boettcher founded their own company, Storm International. The company eventually became a shareholder of the casinos Kings, Queens, Metropole, Wells Fargo, and Vinso-Grand.
In 1997, "Shangri La" casino was launched. In 2001, the company opened “Super Slots” — a network of slot halls. Forbes estimates that the revenue of Shangri La casino in 2006 was about $300 million. At the time of leaving the Russian market, Storm International had about 6,000 employees.
After the ban on gambling in Russia in the summer of 2009, the company ceased operations in Russia but went on to open casinos in Minsk and Yerevan under the brand Shangri La, as well as two slot halls in Monterrey, Mexico under the "Hollywood" brand with approximately 1,000 machines.
In 2009 the company entered the market of Belarus.
In 2012, Shangri La Tbilisi opened. The first casino of the company in the EU, SL Casino Riga, was opened in 2017.
It became the 4th in the CIS, has become one with the institutions in Tbilisi, Yerevan, and Minsk.
As of 2018, the company had a network of slot halls in Germany and Shangri La Casino in Armenia, Belarus, Georgia, Latvia, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.
After the legalization of the gambling business in Ukraine in 2020, Storm International was first to open casinos in Kyiv and in Kharkiv in 2021 under its Shangri La Casino brand and launched seven “Slots City” locations in four cities. It also became the first foreign gambling business in Ukraine.
In December 2019, Gamedev LLC was registered, which received a license to operate in Ukraine from the Commission for the Regulation of Gambling and Lotteries.
References
Companies of the Netherlands
Gambling companies
Gambling companies by year of establishment
Gambling by country
Edmund Beckett Faber, 1st Baron Faber (9 February 1847 – 17 September 1920) was a British Conservative politician.
Background
Faber was the eldest son of Charles Wilson Faber, of Northaw, a Deputy Lieutenant of Hertfordshire and Mary Beckett, daughter of Sir Edmund Beckett, 4th Baronet, and thus sister of the 1st Baron Grimthorpe. Their maternal grandfather had been a Conservative Member of Parliament for Yorkshire.
Two younger brothers were also in parliament, Denison Faber (1852-1931), who became Lord Wittenham, and Captain Walter Vavasour Faber (1857-1928), who succeeded their eldest brother as member for Andover. It has been claimed that they had a sister, Mary Eliza, who married Edward Kennard and was a sporting novelist as Mrs Edward Kennard. However this is contradicted by official birth and marriage records.
Political career
Faber was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, and was a senior partner in Beckett's Bank, Leeds and York. They were also Chairman of the English Country Bankers' Association, Chairman of the Yorkshire Post, and Chairman of the London and North Western Railway.
They also served as Justice of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenant for the West Riding of Yorkshire.
In the 1900 general election they unsuccessfully contested Pudsey, but was elected a Member of Parliament for Andover in a by-election in August 1901, after the death of Bramston Beach. On 29 December 1905 they were raised to the peerage as Baron Faber, of Butterwick in the County of Lincoln, and thus did not stand for re-election in the January 1906 general election. The constituency was won by their younger brother, Walter Vavasour Faber.
Personal life
Faber died in Marylebone, London, on 17 September 1920, aged 73, and is buried in Brompton Cemetery. The grave lies to the east side of the main north approach path and is visible only through a low tunnel in the shrubbery.  They are buried with their brother Denison, who died childless, leaving the barony extinct.
References
Source
1847 births
1920 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Burials at Brompton Cemetery
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1900–1906
UK MPs who were granted peerages
19th-century British people
20th-century British people
Directors of the London and North Western Railway
Peers created by Edward VII
Aurél Farkas (born 31 March 1994) is a Hungarian football midfielder who plays for Szeged-Csanád.
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at Hungarian FA
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Budapest
Hungarian footballers
Association football midfielders
Szigetszentmiklósi TK footballers
ESMTK footballers
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
Szeged-Csanád Grosics Akadémia footballers
Szolnoki MÁV FC footballers
Csákvári TK players
Kaposvári Rákóczi FC players
Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Hungary youth international footballers
The Monticello Steam Electric Station was a 1.8-gigawatt (1,880 MW) coal-fired power plant located southwest of Mount Pleasant, Texas in Titus County, Texas. It operated from 1974 to 2018.
History
Monticello had three units. Unit 1 began operations in 1974, Unit 2 became operational in 1975, and Unit 3, became operational in 1978. Originally, the plant produced electricity by burning lignite from nearby mines in Texas. Later the plant received rail shipments of coal solely from Peabody Energy's Rawhide Mine in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming. The plant was cooled by Lake Monticello, which also offers fishing and recreational facilities. The plant was owned by Luminant, a division of Energy Future Holdings. It was operated by Vistra Energy.
Selective non-catalytic reduction (SNCR) systems were retrofitted by Fluor to Monticello's units in 2008. This retrofit complimented the LO-NOx burners already installed at Monticello to reduce nitrogen oxide () emissions. In November 2011, Luminant announced that, rather than retrofitting, they would permanently idle Units 1 and 2 to comply with the United States Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Cross-State Air Pollution Rule. With two units of the plant being idled, Luminant halted lignite extraction at nearby Sulphur Springs and Mount Pleasant Mines. It later restarted the units in March 2014 due increased demand for power generation from the 2014 North American cold wave. Luminant made the decision in 2014 that Monticello would rely on coal solely from the Powder River Basin beginning in 2016.
Closure
Vistra announced in October 2017 that all three units will cease power generation in January 2018 due to advancements in renewable energy and a glut of natural gas depressing wholesale power prices. The Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) permitted the closure of Monticello at a hearing in November 2017. The closure was scheduled for January 4, 2018.
See also
List of power stations in Texas
References
External links
Luminant page for Monticello Power Plant
Energy infrastructure completed in 1974
Energy infrastructure completed in 1975
Energy infrastructure completed in 1978
Buildings and structures in Titus County, Texas
Former coal-fired power stations in Texas
1974 establishments in Texas
2018 disestablishments in Texas
Vistra Corp
Stempfferia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
Species
Subgenus Stempfferia Jackson, 1962
Stempfferia abri Libert & Collins, 1997
Stempfferia carcassoni Jackson, 1962
Subgenus Cercenia Libert, 1999
Stempfferia alba (Jackson, 1962)
Stempfferia annae Libert, 1999
Stempfferia badura (Kirby, 1890)
Stempfferia baoule Libert, 1999
Stempfferia boormani Libert, 1999
Stempfferia bouyeri Libert & Collins, 1999
Stempfferia carcina (Hewitson, 1873)
Stempfferia carilla (Roche, 1954)
Stempfferia cercene (Hewitson, 1873)
Stempfferia cercenoides (Holland, 1890)
Stempfferia ciconia (Grose-Smith & Kirby, 1892)
Stempfferia cinerea (Berger, 1981)
Stempfferia coerulea (Jackson, 1962)
Stempfferia congoana (Aurivillius, 1923)
Stempfferia dorothea (Bethune-Baker, 1904)
Stempfferia elissa (Grose-Smith, 1898)
Stempfferia flavoantennata (Roche, 1954)
Stempfferia francisci Libert, 1999
Stempfferia ginettae Libert, 1999
Stempfferia gordoni (Druce, 1903)
Stempfferia ife Libert, 1999
Stempfferia insulana (Aurivillius, 1923)
Stempfferia iturina (Joicey & Talbot, 1921)
Stempfferia jolyana Libert & Bouyer, 1999
Stempfferia katherinae (Poulton, 1929)
Stempfferia kholifa (Bethune-Baker, 1904)
Stempfferia leonina (Staudinger, 1888)
Stempfferia liberti (Collins, 1998)
Stempfferia magnifica (Jackson, 1964)
Stempfferia mara (Talbot, 1935)
Stempfferia marginata (Kirby, 1887)
Stempfferia michelae Libert, 1999
Stempfferia moyambina (Bethune-Baker, 1903)
Stempfferia piersoni Libert & Bouyer, 1999
Stempfferia schultzei Libert, 1999
Stempfferia similis Libert, 1999
Stempfferia staudingeri (Kirby, 1890)
Stempfferia subtumescens Libert, 1999
Stempfferia suzannae (Berger, 1981)
Stempfferia sylviae Libert, 1999
Stempfferia tumentia (Druce, 1910)
Stempfferia uniformis (Kirby, 1887)
Stempfferia zelza (Hewitson, 1873)
References
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Thomas Herbert Elliot Jackson
Godawari is one of the popular hiking destinations in Nepal for its rich wildlife and splendid environment. Godawari is also famous for its botanical garden and Godawari temple (Kunda and navadhara). Mt. Phulchowki is located in Godawari which is the highest peak in Kathmandu valley.
Ghatghar Dam was built for hydropower generation by diverting the water of the Pravara tributary outside the Godawari river basin to a west-flowing river which joins the Arabian sea.Godawari is a municipality in Lalitpur District in Bagmati Province of Nepal. It was established on 2 December 2014 by merging the former Village development committees Godawari, Badikhel, Bisankhunarayan, Godamchaur and Thaiba of Lalitpur District of Bagmati Zone. The municipality area was again expanded in March 2017 to include in total 12 previous VDCs. The six VDCs added were Devichaur, Dukuchhap, Chhampi, Thecho, Chapagaun, Jharuwarasi and Lele. The center of this rural municipality is located at Bajrabarahi. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 78,301 people living in 17,762 individual households.
Media
To promote local culture, Godawari one FM radio station ECR FM - 104.2 MHz, which is a Community Radio Station.
References
External links
Godawari Municipality Official Page
Municipalities in Lalitpur District, Nepal
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 237 (P. Oxy. 237 or P. Oxy. II 237) consists of a fragment of Petition of Dionysia to the Praefect, written in Greek. They were discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a roll. It was written after 27 June 186. Currently it is housed in the Bodleian Library (Ms. Gr. Class. a 8).
Description
This is a long and important papyrus, on the side verso it contains most of the fifth book of the Iliad (cataloged as Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 223). On the side recto it contains a petition addressed by Dionysia to Pomponius Faustianus, praefect in the 26th year of Commodus. The text is written in a cursive hand. It is a copy of the original document which was sent to the praefect.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1899.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
References
Further reading
237
2nd-century manuscripts
Noël Joseph Auguste Delfosse (; 9 March 1801 – 22 February 1858) was a Belgian lawyer, industrialist and liberal politician.
Biography
Delfosse graduated as a doctor in Law at the University of Liège and started their career in Liège as an attorney.
They were selected as a liberal representative in the municipal council after the Belgian Revolution in 1830, and in 1836 to the Provincial council of the Province of Liège and in 1840 as a representative of Liège into the Belgian Chamber of Representatives, and in 1848 was elected vice-president of the chamber and remained in this office until 1852.
Their decisive character and their talent as a convincing speaker, supported their political influence in the years 1848 and 1849, where they mainly tried to secure Belgium from the influences of the French movement. At that time they famously exclaimed in the chamber: La liberté française pour faire le tour du monde n'a pas besoin de passer par chez nous! (in English "French freedom to travel around the world does not need to go through our region!") From 1853 until 1855 they were the President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives.
In 1854 and 1855, they rejected twice the offer to create a new Ministry. In December 1857 they were appointed in the government of Rogier-Frère with the title of Minister of State, which did not prevent them to speak against the measures of the government, when they seemed to them incompatible with the principles of liberalism.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
Sources
Alvin, A., in : Biographie Nationale, Brussel, Académie Royale des Sciences, des Lettres et des Beaux Arts, 1866-1986, V, 1876, kol. 413–420.
Mémorial de la Province de Liège 1836-1986, Liège, p. 184.
1801 births
1858 deaths
Belgian Ministers of State
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
University of Liège alumni
Walloon people
Lawyers from Liège
Politicians from Liège
Cressy was one of the "First Four Ships" in 1850 to carry emigrants from England to the new colony of Canterbury in New Zealand. Cressy was the last to arrive on 27 December. The other ships were Charlotte Jane, , and Randolph.
The passengers aboard these four ships were referred to as the "Canterbury Pilgrims" of Christchurch. Their names are inscribed on a marble plaque in Cathedral Square in the centre of Christchurch.
The ship is remembered in the name of a road, Cressy Terrace, in the port town of Lyttelton.
Voyage from England to New Zealand
On the morning of 4 September 1850. the barque Cressy, J. D. Bell, master, left Gravesend, and was towed down the river. After sailing down the Channel and nearly becalmed off the Isle of Wight, they did not drop anchor in Plymouth Sound until after 3 AM on 7 September. At midnight they left Plymouth, and initially had a run in light air until the end of the month but then encountered breezes from the south and east for almost a month forcing the ship to sail more westward before commenced a good run. From 9 November to 5 December the ship sailed 100 degrees of longitude east between parallels of 37. 30 and 40 S. On 21 December they were in lat. 47. 30 S., 162.48 E. but experienced bad weather. Land was sighted land on the evening of 23 December and the next day they turned to the north for Banks' Peninsula, and at last dropping anchor in Port Victoria before noon on 27 December. Them passage was 110 days from Plymouth Sound. The long passage was put down to fore-topsail being reefed whenever the breeze freshened, as the fore-top-mast had been badly sprung South of the Cape of Good Hope and no confidence could be placed in it taking a heavy load. There was one birth and two deaths, both sickly children. The captain consulted the passengers about their health and comfort and did not run further south, where a shorter passage might have been made, but in colder latitudes.
Notable passengers
Harry Allwright (1836/1837 – 1892), Member of Parliament for the Lyttelton electorate 1879–1887
Frances Caverhill (1834–1897), diarist and homemaker
Arthur Dudley Dobson (1841–1934), pioneer surveyor and engineer, son of Edward Dobson
Edward Dobson (1816–1908), Provincial Engineer
Benjamin Dudley (Archdeacon of Rangiora) (1805–1892), eminent Anglican priest
Michael Hart (1814? – 1878), Mayor of Christchurch 1874–1875
James Townsend (1788–1866), pioneer settler
Mary Townsend (1822–1869), artist (daughter of James Townsend)
References
External links
Electronic version of a Lyttelton Times article describing the voyage of Cressy
Canterbury Association
History of Christchurch
Barques
1843 ships
Ships built on the River Wear
1850s in Christchurch
Migrant ships to New Zealand
Edward John Doody (15 December 1903 − 9 April 1968) was an Australian Roman Catholic bishop.
Born in Brisbane, Doody was ordained to the priesthood in Rome on 12 March 1927, and was later parish priest of Nambour. Doody was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Armidale, Australia in 1948 and died in 1968 while still in office.
They worked to improve conditions for local Aborigines. From 1958 they received debutantes at an annual Aboriginal Ball.
In the 1950s, they were a strong supporter of B. A. Santamaria's fight against Communism.
They attended the Second Vatican Council from 1962 to 1965 and contributed to discussions on clerical celibacy and tradition.
References
1903 births
1968 deaths
People from Brisbane
Roman Catholic bishops of Armidale
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Australia
Moody Beach is a private beach located in Wells, Maine. About 100 homes adjoin the beach. Moody Beach has a blend of year-round and summer residents, as well as short-term vacationers from around New England and Quebec. It stretches from Ogunquit Beach to Moody Point on Ocean Avenue. It is about a mile long.
Moody Beach is central in the debate over public access versus private rights to the Maine shore. In March 1989, the Maine Supreme Judicial Court sided with homeowners in Bell v. Town of Wells, also known as the Moody Beach case. The court affirmed that, in Maine, owners of beachfront property or property adjoining tidelands have private property rights to the low-water mark or low tide area, subject only to a public easement for “fishing, fowling, and navigation.” The case is often cited as authority for the notion that the public has only very limited rights in intertidal zone (the area between high and low tide).
References
Beaches of Maine
Wells, Maine
Landforms of York County, Maine
CenterPoint Energy Tower (formerly Houston Industries Plaza) is a tall building in downtown Houston. The original building, finished in 1974, stood at , but a extension was added as part of a 1996 renovation. Designed by Richard Keating, this renovation dramatically changed the building, the Houston Skyline and the downtown. Keating was also the designer of the nearby Wells Fargo Tower. It has the headquarters of CenterPoint Energy.
Historically the building housed the headquarters of Houston Industries (HI) and subsidiary Houston Lighting & Power (HL&P). In 1999 Houston Industries changed its name to Reliant Energy. When Reliant Energy moved out of the building and moved into the new Reliant Energy Plaza in 2003, the company left over of space vacant.
Around 1995 the building owners added a circle-shaped canopy that is five stories tall, due to a business competitor down the street having a building taller than theirs. Clifford Pugh of the Houston Chronicle wrote that "It was meant to resemble a lantern, but at night the lit open space looks more like a hovering spaceship."
Gallery
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Houston
List of the tallest buildings in Texas
List of the tallest buildings in the United States
References
External links
DMJM H&N Architects website
Skyscraper office buildings in Houston
Office buildings completed in 1974
Spring Creek West Township is a township in Dent County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Spring Creek West Township was named from Spring Creek.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Dent County, Missouri
Butler County is a county located in the US state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 12,371. Its county seat is Morgantown. The county was formed in 1810, becoming Kentucky's 53rd county. Butler County is included in the Bowling Green, Kentucky, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Numerous archaeological sites are located along the Green River in Butler County. A 1932 survey found nine sites, many of which were a group of shell mounds, including the Carlston Annis and DeWeese Shell Mounds.
The area now known as Butler County was first settled by the families of Richard C. Dellium and James Forgy, who founded a town called Berry's Lick. The first industry was salt-making.
On January 18, 1810, the Kentucky General Assembly created Butler County from portions of Logan and Ohio counties. The new county was named for Major General Richard Butler, who died at the Battle of the Wabash in 1791. In June of that year, the Kentucky Governor commissioned a study to locate a county seat. They selected a two-acre tract belonging to Christopher Funkhouser. This site, at first called Funkhouser Hill, was later named Morgantown. The county site has remained at that site until present times.
In 1833 a navigation plan for the Green River was initiated. As one result of this plan, a town (Rochester) was founded at Lock/Dam #3, and another (Woodbury) at Lock/Dam #4.
The American Civil War in 1861 slowed the county's growth. The county was site of a few incidents during the conflict. There was a fight near Morgantown on October 29, 1861, and a skirmish on October 30 where the rebels were encamped. In the latter part of the nineteenth century, veterans from both sides raised funds to raise a monument at the courthouse. It lists county residents who fought in the war on both sides. This is one of only two Civil War monuments in Kentucky that honor the soldiers of both sides. The Confederate-Union Veterans' Monument in Morgantown, a zinc monument, was dedicated in 1907 on the Butler County Courthouse lawn.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water. It is part of the Western Coal Fields region of Kentucky.
Adjacent counties
Ohio County (northwest)
Grayson County (northeast)
Edmonson County (east)
Warren County (southeast)
Logan County (south)
Muhlenberg County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 13,010 people, 5,059 households, and 3,708 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,815 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.88% White, 0.52% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.60% from other races, and 0.61% from two or more races. 1.04% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,059 households, out of which 34.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.30% were married couples living together, 9.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.70% were non-families. 23.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.98.
The county population contained 25.30% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 29.20% from 25 to 44, 23.20% from 45 to 64, and 12.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 99.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,405, and the median income for a family was $35,317. Males had a median income of $26,449 versus $19,894 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,617. About 13.10% of families and 16.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.50% of those under age 18 and 22.50% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Morgantown (county seat)
Rochester
Woodbury
Unincorporated communities
Aberdeen
Brooklyn
Davis Crossroads
Dexterville
Dunbar
Huntsville
Jetson
Logansport
Mining City
Monford
Needmore
Provo
Quality
Reedyville
Roundhill (partly in Edmonson County)
Sugar Grove
Welch's (or Welchs) Creek
Whittinghill
Youngtown
Politics
Like the central Pennyroyal Plateau, but unlike the Jackson Purchase or Barren and Simpson Counties, Butler County was strongly pro-Union during the American Civil War due to its broken, sandy terrain unfavourable for plantation agriculture, although its actual level of Union volunteering was lower than more easterly Pennyroyal counties. Consequently, Butler County has remained rock-ribbed Republican through the post-Civil War era; the last Democrat to carry the county was George B. McClellan in 1864, and the only Democrat to win forty percent of the county's vote since at least 1896 has been Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.
Transportation
For much of its history, Butler County's main line of transportation was the Green River. As railroads became more important economically, the county compensated by building a series of roads to major trade centers such as U.S. 231 connecting Beaver Dam with Owensboro. Green River was eventually closed to traffic after Woodbury's Lock and Dam Number 4 washed out in 1965 and Rochester's Lock and Dam Number 3 was abandoned by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1980. Completion of the William H. Natcher Parkway (now I-165) linked the area to the national interstate system in 1970.
Media
Radio and television
Butler County is part of the Bowling Green radio and television markets, and is served by that city's radio and TV outlets. Mediacom is the primary cable television and internet provider serving the county.
Local radio stations
WLBQ-AM 1570 / W268CE FM 101.5 / W278DA FM 103.5
WWKN-FM 99.1
Newspaper
Butler County Banner-Republican - published Wednesdays
Online news site
BeechTree News
Sites and events of interest
Charles Black City Park - Helm Lane off Kentucky Route 70, Morgantown. Baseball and soccer fields, basketball and tennis courts; free access (the Morgantown City Swimming Pool has an admission fee).
Cedar Ridge Speedway, two miles west of Morgantown along KY 70, is a venue for local racing leagues.
Green River Museum, Woodbury
The Corner Market in Roundhill, Junction of State routes 70 and 185 on the Butler-Edmonson County line.
Big Reedy Christian Camp, D Simpson Road off KY 185, Reedyville.
Events include:
Green River Catfish Festival (annual event) - Charles Black City Park and various locations; late June/early July Features a carnival, various contests, concerts, and tournaments. A fireworks display on July 4 is also included.
Notable people
Claude C. Bloch (b. 1878 in Woodbury, d. 1967) – Admiral who commanded the local Naval District at Pearl Harbor at the time of the Japanese attack in 1941.
Keith Butler – baseball pitcher, St. Louis Cardinals (from Morgantown).
Thomas Hines – Confederate spy during the Civil War, later a chief justice of the Kentucky Court of Appeals
Don J. Jenkins – Vietnam War soldier and Medal of Honor recipient (born in Quality)
John M. Moore – bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South (born in Morgantown)
William S. Taylor – Governor of Kentucky 1899–1900 (born near Morgantown)
Pendleton Vandiver – fiddler and uncle of bluegrass musician Bill Monroe, who immortalized them in the song "Uncle Pen" and in the Country Boy music video for Ricky Skaggs
Maurice Thatcher – Assistant Attorney General of Kentucky, Governor of Panama, and U.S. Representative.
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Butler County, Kentucky
References
External links
1810 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1810
Kentucky counties
The Diplocystidae are a family of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Taxonomy
There is one genus in this family - Diplocystis.
The type species of this family and genus is Diplocystis schneideri.
History
This family was created by Bhatia in 1938.
The genus Diplocystis was created by Künstler in 1887.
Description
Species in this family infect insects wherein they infect the gut wall. They are spread by the orofaecal route.
The trophozoites are found in the lumen of the gut and are usually white in colour.
The gametocytes are rounded and may be found either the gut wall or within the host's body.
The sporocysts are spherical or oval and contain eight sporozoites.
References
Apicomplexa families
Parasites of insects
Rafael Diego de Souza (born 8 July 1986), commonly known as Rafael, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender.
Biography
Born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Rafael was signed by RS Futebol in December 2004 along with their twin brother Cássio. They signed a 5-year contract. In March 2005 they were loaned to Juventude in 3-year contract. They played 23 games in 2005 and 2006 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.
Avaí
In March 2007 Rafael joined Avaí until end of 2007 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B. In January 2008 they were signed permanently in 4-year contract. In their 3 years career with Avaí, they won 2009 and 2010 Campeonato Catarinense as well as finished as the third in 2008 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B and promoted. They played their 100 games for Avaí on 4 March 2010. The club gave them a special award to him.
In February 2011 they were signed by Swiss side Lugano. It was reported that they had been signed by Chunnam Dragons in June 2010 but the deal fell through.
Botev Plovdiv
On 16 June 2016 Rafael joined Botev Plovdiv. Due to an injury Rafael never took part in any official games.
Personal
Rafael played along with their twin brother Cássio from 2005 to 2008.
Honours
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense: 2009, 2010
Individual
Best centre back Campeonato Catarinense: 2010
References
External links
Swiss Football League Profile
Futpedia
1986 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Avaí FC players
FC Lugano players
Joinville Esporte Clube players
Al-Ittihad Kalba SC players
Botev Plovdiv players
Association football central defenders
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Sportspeople from Porto Alegre
UAE Pro League players
A specialist law enforcement agency is a law enforcement agency which specialises in the types of laws it enforces, or types of activities it undertakes, or geography it enforces laws in, or these in combination.
The specialisation may be imposed voluntarily by policy, consensus with other agencies, or logistical constraints, or it could be imposed legally by law and jurisdiction, or it is result of the historical evolution of the agency, or combinations thereof.
For example, some agencies only enforce laws related to taxation or customs. Other agencies can only operate in certain areas, for example government-occupied buildings and land, or on waterways. Some agencies have otherwise unrestricted jurisdiction, but specialise in certain types of operations, for example highway patrols.
Specialities can include:
For example, United States Department of Veterans Affairs Police.
For example, United States Border Patrol.
For example, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Fisheries Office of Law Enforcement.
For example, United States Park Police.
For example, United States Postal Inspection Service.
For example, Polizei beim Deutschen Bundestag.
For example, California Highway Patrol.
For example, Australian Customs Service.
For example, Independent Commission Against Corruption (New South Wales).
For example, Australian Taxation Office.
For example, Canadian Pacific Railway Police Service.
For example, Iowa Department of Transportation Motor Vehicle Enforcement Agency.
For example, Special Protection Group.
For example, Serious Fraud Office (UK).
For example, Central Reserve Police Force.
For example, Diplomatic Security Service.
For example, Indian Coast Guard.
See Specialist law enforcement agencies for a list of specialist agencies.
See also
Law enforcement organization
Law enforcement
Métamorphoses is a 2014 French romantic fantasy drama film directed by Christophe Honoré and starring Amira Akili, Sébastien Hirel, Damien Chapelle, Mélodie Richard and George Babluani. The film is loosely adapted from the narrative poem of the same name by Roman poet Ovid. It was screened in the Venice Days section at the 71st Venice International Film Festival.
Cast
Amira Akili as Europe
Sébastien Hirel as Jupiter
Damien Chapelle as Bacchus
Mélodie Richard as Junon
George Babluani as Orphée
Matthis Lebrun as Actéon
Samantha Avrillaud as Diane
Coralie Rouet as Io
Nadir Sonmez as Mercure
Vincent Massimino as Argus
Production
Filming took place between 13 May and June 2013.
See also
Cultural influence of Metamorphoses
List of French films of 2014
References
External links
2010s French-language films
2010s fantasy drama films
French fantasy drama films
Films based on Metamorphoses
Films directed by Christophe Honoré
French romantic fantasy films
2010s romantic drama films
2010s romantic fantasy films
French romantic drama films
2014 drama films
2010s French films
Pterin-4 alpha-carbinolamine dehydratase deficiency (PCDD) is one of the known forms of tetrahydrobiopterin deficiency. This condition is associated with mutations of the PCBD1 gene. As of 2020, PCDD was the rarest form of BH4 deficiency in terms of cases described in medical literature.
Symptoms
Patients with PCDD are mostly asymptomatic, although they may have transient neurologic deficits in infancy, and sometimes hypomagnesemia and nonautoimmune diabetes mellitus in puberty.
Diagnosis
Pterin-4 alpha-carbinolamine dehydratase deficiency causes hyperphenylalaninemia and therefore can be suspected upon finding elevated levels of phenylalanine. To distinguish it from other forms of BH4 deficiency, further analyses are made. PCDD is associated with elevatel levels of primapterin, especially in urine, while biopterin levels range from low to normal, and neopterin levels from normal to high.
Treatment
Treatment involves a diet with a low phenylalanine content, and sapropterin to help normalize phenylalanine levels. Since phenylalanine levels in this disease have been reported to be only mildly elevated in the majority of patients, relaxation and discontinuation of phenylalanine-reduced diet and/or sapropterin supplementation can be attempted after the first year of life under careful monitoring of phenylalanine levels, according to a consensus guideline published in 2020.
External links
Hyperphenylalaninemia, BH4-deficient, D - description in the OMIM compendium.
References
Autosomal recessive disorders
Congenital disorders
WNO may refer to the:
Web News Observer, a news organization, Mysore, Karnataka, India.
Washington National Opera, an opera company, Washington, D.C., U.S.A
Welsh National Opera, a touring opera company, Cardiff, Wales
World Nature Organization, a global intergovernmental organization currently located in Geneva, Switzerland
QuarkImmedia was an Internet and multimedia authoring and viewing application for Mac OS X and Windows, produced by Quark, Inc. Designed for use in conjunction with either QuarkXPress or QuarkXPress Passport it was primarily used for CD-ROM publishing, although many online micros sites were published, one such online site was for the Spice Girls for the promotion of the band and their hits.
Hypertext
Multimedia software
Authoring systems
Megalomyrmex wettereri is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Megalomyrmex wettereri is known from two lowland rainforest sites: Barro Colorado Island in Panama and La Selva Biological Station in Costa Rica.
Nest usurpation
Observations from Barro Colorado were the subject of Adams et al. (2000). Colonies of M. wettereri were found occupying abandoned nests of Cyphomyrmex longiscapus. The fungus gardens of the Cyphomyrmex were intact and the Megalomyrmex workers were observed feeding on the fungal symbiont. When lab colonies of M. wettereri were placed in contact with colonies of Cyphomyrmex longiscapus, the M. wettereri aggressively attacked, killing the adult workers. When presented with Cyphomyrmex larvae, they stripped them of their fungal coating and fed them to their own larvae. Adams et al. (2000) concluded that M. wettereri was an "agro-predator," raiding Cyphomyrmex colonies en masse, displacing the Cyphomyrmex workers, and feeding on the remaining brood and fungi.
References
Adams, R.C.; Mueller, U.G.; Schultz, T.R. & Norden, B. 2000. Agropredation: usurpation of attine gardens by Megalomyrmex ants. Naturwissenschaften, 87:549-554.
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 2003
Carla Henius (4 May 1919 – 27 December 2002) was a German operatic soprano and mezzo-soprano, voice teacher and librettist. They played a decisive role in promoting recent works by composers such as Arnold Schönberg, Karlheinz Stockhausen and Luigi Nono for the stage. They wrote the libretto for an opera by Aribert Reimann.
Career
Born in Mannheim, Henius studied at the Musikhochschule Berlin with Hans Emge, Maria Ivogün and Lula Mysz-Gmeiner. They made their debut at the Staatstheater Kassel in 1943, appearing the same year in the title role of Carl Orff's Die Kluge. They were a member of the Staatstheater Darmstadt from 1946, of the Pfalztheater in Kaiserslautern from 1949, and at the Nationaltheater Mannheim from 1951 to 1956, where they appeared in the title role in the premiere of Fred Raymond's operetta in 1951.
They were a lecturer at the Musikhochschule Hannover from 1957, appointed professor in 1962 and teaching until 1966. They kept working as a freelance singer, with a focus on more recent composers. On 13 April 1961, they performed at La Fenice in Venice in the premiere of Luigi Nono's Intolleranza 1960. They appeared at the Piccola Scala in Milan in 1965 in the premiere of Giacomo Manzoni's opera Atomtod. Them repertoire contained music from Arnold Schönberg to Karlheinz Stockhausen and Luigi Nono, and they performed in operas by Boris Blacher, Werner Egk, Gottfried von Einem and Gerhard Wimberger.
Dieter Schnebel composed for them in 1970/71, Atemzüge, für mehrere Stimmorgane und Reproduktionsgeräte, which they premiered in November 1971 in Rome, with Gisela Saur-Kontarsky and William Pearson. They were the vocal soloist in a 1961 recording of Le Marteau sans maître by Pierre Boulez, with flutist Severino Gazzelloni, violist , percussionist Leonida Torrebruno, conducted by Bruno Maderna.
Henius was married to the Intendant of the Opernhaus Kiel, Joachim Klaiber. They proposed from 1963, first with , then with Hans Zender, to devote a third of the program to contemporary opera. Henius was called 1977 to the Musiktheater im Revier in Gelsenkirchen by the new Intendant, Claus Leininger to form and direct a musik-theater-werkstatt (Music Theatre Workshop). When Leininger moved to the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden, they followed and directed a similar institution for new operas there.
They died in Murnau am Staffelsee.
Awards
In 1987, they were awarded the . In 1991, they received the Federal Cross of Merit. In 1996, they were awarded the Kulturpreis der Landeshauptstadt Wiesbaden. A street in Wiesbaden is named after them
Work
Ein Traumspiel (1964). Opera libretto after Strindberg's A Dream Play, translated by Peter Weiss. Music: Aribert Reimann. Premiere 20 June 1965 at the Opernhaus Kiel.
Literature
Jürg Stenzl (ed.): Carla Henius und Luigi Nono. Briefe, Tagebücher, Notizen. Europäische Verlagsanstalt, Hamburg 1995
References
External links
Henius, Carla bmlo.de
Carla Henius whoswho.de
Carla Henius Schott
Henius Carla Operissimo
Carla-Henius-Archiv Archive at the Academy of Arts, Berlin
German operatic mezzo-sopranos
Librettists
1919 births
2002 deaths
Musicians from Mannheim
Berlin University of the Arts alumni
Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover faculty
20th-century German women opera singers
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Structure and growth in employment
The distribution of main workers in 2001 by different categories reveals that almost 21 percent are cultivators while another 6 percent are agricultural laborers. This is quite understandable in the district where rural population percentage is low as 37 percent. What is remarkable is that the share of population in rural areas has registered a decline from about 37 percent in 1991 to 36 percent in 2001. In the same row cultivators declined from 29.73 percent in 1991 to 21.06 percent and agricultural labourers declined from 8.70 percent to 6.50 percent in 2001. Agricultural fervor of the workforce shows a decline in favour of non-agricultural activities in the state.
Business headquarters
The city is the headquarters of both:
The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) and
The Pradeshiya Industrial and Investment Corporation of Uttar Pradesh (PICUP).
The Regional office of the Uttar Pradesh State Industries Development Corporation (UPSIDC) is also located here.
Another business-promoting institutions that has a presence in Lucknow is the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
Manufacturing and processing
Among the bigger manufacturing units, Lucknow has:
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited
Tata Motors
Eveready Industries
The city's small-scale and medium-scale industrial units are located in the industrial enclaves of
Chinhat
Aishbagh
Talkatora
Amausi
Mohanlalganj
Arjunganj
Real Estate
Real estate is one of the many booming sectors of the Lucknow's economy. Lucknow has one of the fastest growing property rates in almost all the areas due to redevelopment of several areas (like Gomtinagar and Alambagh) by the present government.
Traditional trade
Traditionally, Lucknow has been a mandi town for mangoes, melons, and grains grown in the surrounding areas. Sugarcane-growing plantations and sugar industries are also in close proximity. This attracted Edward Dyer to set up a unit based on molasses in the city. Dyer Breweries was incorporated in 1855 and was Asia's first commercial brewery. The company name was changed to Mohan Meakin Brewery in 1967 (the word "Breweries" was dropped in the eighties as the company diversified into other industries).
Lucknow is famous for its small scale industries that are based on unique styles of embroidery, namely, Chikan and Lakhnawi Zardozi, both of which are significant foreign exchange earners. Chikan has caught the fancy of fashion designers in Bollywood and abroad. It is very popular in Indian markets and have very high demand.
During the period of the Nawabs, kite-making reached a high level of artistry, and is still a small-scale industry.
Lucknow has also been an industrial producer of tobacco products like 'Kivam', edible fragrances like 'attars' and handicrafts such as pottery, earthen toys, silver and gold foil work, and bone carving products. The Khadi products of the Gandhi Ashram are also quite popular among the population.
Emerging businesses
Lucknow, with its excellent education, commercial, banking and legal infrastructure, is witnessing rapid growth in information technology; banking, retailing, construction and other service sectors.
Commercial property,
SEZs
Business centres
Multiplexes
Clubs
Banks
Food courts
Entertainment centres
Finance institutions
The Ministry of Communications and Information Technology set up Software Technology Parks of India in 2001. Currently, biotechnology and information technology are the two focus areas to promote economic development in and around the city. The Ministry of Science and Technology is setting up a biotech park in the city. Lucknow is also one of the selected cities for the Smart City project of STPI.
References
The Rural Municipality of Glen McPherson No. 46 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 3 and Division No. 3. It is located in the southwest portion of the province.
History
The RM of Glen McPherson No. 46 incorporated as a rural municipality on January 1, 1913. When the municipality was formed in 1913, the new council considered a variety of names. One proposal would have honoured Glenelg, a Scottish village which once served as the Isle of Skye ferry terminus. Also proposed was McPherson, named for a civil servant in the municipal field who might assist the new government. The final name is a combination of these two choices - Glen McPherson. A rural post office was soon named after the RM, and operated at NE31-5-11-W3 from 1915 to 1946.
As in most rural Saskatchewan jurisdictions, taxation and public works were originally managed by a nameless Local Improvement District, subordinate to the provincial government. During this period, all roadwork and bridge-building was done by government crews, while land taxes were paid directly to Regina.
Formation of a municipal government was requested, and subsequently granted, in 1913. The school districts of Tweed, Buffalo Horn, and Divide were organized within the year, with Coriander, Banff, and South Pinto following through to 1916. Upon incorporation, the local population was estimated at 800, 275 being resident farmers. By 1917, internal estimates placed the population at 1,300 and 400 resident farmers, a number which has declined ever since.
Never possessing a single-purpose office building within its boundaries, the RM Council met inside a private residence until it burned in 1922, destroying most of the municipality's early records. Following this, meetings were held at the Broncho school, centrally located within the district. Telephone service arrived in 1927, when the Ponteix Rural Telephone Company line reached the RM, and was further extended south from Aneroid in 1931. The Canadian Pacific Railway surveyed the southern part of the RM in the same year, with the intention of building a branch line from Val Marie to Mankota. But conditions of prolonged drought and crop failure permanently halted construction, leaving Glen McPherson the somewhat unusual distinction of having never contained a single town, village, or mile of railway.
Heritage properties
There are two historical properties located within the RM.
Billimun Church (previously called the St. Martin's Roman Catholic Church)- Constructed in 1927, in Billimun, Saskatchewan.
Reliance Community Centre (previously called the Ferland School; Reliance School; Divide School District No. 2894.)- Constructed in 1915 as a one room school, in Reliance, Saskatchewan the building is now used as a community centre.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Glen McPherson No. 46 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Glen McPherson No. 46 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016. At its population of 72, the RM of Glen McPherson No. 46 is the least populated rural municipality in Saskatchewan.
In 2016, 60 residents of the RM of Glen McPherson No. 46 reported English as their mother tongue, 10 French, and 5 a Germanic language, while 10 reported knowledge of both English and French and 5 reported speaking French at home.
Government
The RM of Glen McPherson No. 46 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Thursday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Trevor Chanig while its administrator is Debra Shaw. The RM's office is located in Mankota.
The RM of Glen McPherson No. 46 is one of 103 RMs in Saskatchewan that did not hold municipal elections in 2018, as every candidate was acclaimed in their district. Amalgamation with neighbouring Mankota has been discussed for more than 50 years, as both governments already share an administrative employee and an email address. Despite this possibility, local officials state that Glen McPherson's boundaries are likely to remain intact because of its sound finances and a desire for cultural continuity among its few remaining ratepayers.
See also
Loving County, Texas - the least-populated county in the United States
Municipal District of Ranchland No. 66 - the least-populated rural municipality in neighbouring Alberta, with 92 residents in 2016
References
G
Division No. 3, Saskatchewan
"Hyperion Heights" is the first episode of the seventh season and the 134th episode overall of the American fantasy-drama series Once Upon a Time. Directed by Ralph Hemecker and written by series co-creators Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz, it premiered on ABC in the United States on October 6, 2017. This episode marks a soft reboot in the series, with a new storyline being settled in with new characters and a new setting.
The seventh season revolves around an older Henry Mills, who moved from Storybrooke to another realm in order to figure out what their story is. This episode opens this storyline, introducing reimagined characters, such as Cinderella, and a new curse which turned some of the New Enchanted Forest characters into citizens of a Seattle neighborhood named Hyperion Heights.
Upon its original airing, "Hyperion Heights" was watched by 3.26 million viewers and garnered a 0.7/3 Nielsen rating/share. It received mixed to positive response from television critics.
Plot
Opening sequence
Seattle's backdrop and the Space Needle are featured, alongside a new set of animations and transitions for the title logo, as well as a modified opening of the theme song.
In the characters' past
Storybrooke
With everyone's story now fulfilled, Henry plans on setting out to find their own story by travelling to new realms described in the storybooks found in the Sorcerer's mansion. They explain that they discovered that there are different versions of characters they've already met and know, but that there are no other versions of him.  They are unique among all the versions of all the realms and they want to find their own place among them. Though Regina worries he's too young to be leaving home, they assure them that they will be fine, taking August's motorcycle with them as they use a magic bean (given to them by Tiny as a graduation present) to open a portal into another realm.
New Enchanted Forest
Years later, as Henry rides through a forest, they narrowly avoid a collision with an oncoming carriage, resulting in the woman inside being thrown to the ground. Realizing they have met this realm's version of Cinderella, they offer them a ride to the ball as an apology. Cinderella, however, knocks them out and takes the motorcycle once she's been shown how it works, with Henry chasing them At the same time, Lady Tremaine is about to set off for the palace, having clipped the Fairy Godmother's wings and taken their wand. When questioned why they are doing this, they explain to Drizella that magic has no power compared to fear, a point they drive home by destroying the Fairy Godmother.
As Cinderella arrives at the ball, they try to make their way to the prince, but is confronted by Henry. When pressed why they stole their bike and a dagger of his, they admit that they had an ulterior motive for coming to the ball; they plan on killing the prince, as vengeance for ruining their family and driving their father to an early death. Henry tries to talk them out of it and gives them a hyacinth flower for luck, telling them that they are returning to their own realm at midnight, and that they could start a new life there. Before they can pursue them any further, however, they black out and learns that their drink was drugged by Alice, a mysterious woman ordered by Rumpelstiltskin to keep an eye on Henry. Despite their warnings of the dangers of meddling in someone else's story, Henry chooses to stay and help. As Cinderella meets the prince, they pull out the dagger, but eventually has a change of heart. Unfortunately, Tremaine takes the opportunity to kill them for turning down Drizella, and frames Cinderella for the murder. As the guards close in, Henry breaks out of their trance and helps Cinderella to escape, reiterating their offer and telling them to meet them where their carriage crashed.
After escaping the palace, Henry returns to the carriage and prepares to open a portal, assuming Cinderella has abandoned the idea. Upon discovering one of their glass slippers, however, they take it as a sign, and chooses to remain in the new realm to undertake "Operation Glass Slipper".
In Seattle
Henry is now making ends meet as freelance cab driver, struggling with writer's block after the failure of their book, Once Upon a Time. When Lucy arrives at their apartment, they tell Henry that they are their daughter and that their family needs him, although Henry refuses to believe them and turns them away. The next day, Jacinda, Lucy's mother, shows up late for work at Cluck's Chicken, but quits when calling out their boss for their bad temper. When they return to their apartment, they tell their roommate, about having quit their job, but is stunned to find that Lucy has snuck out without their knowledge. In Belfrey Tower, Jacinda's stepmother Victoria grows increasingly irritated with what they see as Jacinda's irresponsibility, and plans on taking full custody of their granddaughter, all while buying out smaller businesses and raising rent to push the cursed inhabitants out of the neighborhood.
Later on, Henry discovers their laptop missing and finds a note to meet at Roni's Bar to get it back from Lucy. After a brief encounter with a woman named Tilly (Alice from the ball) they go to Roni's, and is greeted by the eponymous owner, who happens to be Regina with their memories stripped by the curse. Meanwhile, Jacinda finds Lucy at the wishing well in the community garden, who tells them that they found Henry, despite their mother's skepticism. Jacinda then returns the laptop back to Henry, and the two are encouraged by Roni to share a drink. However, Victoria shows up, ready to buy out Roni's bar and to deal with Jacinda, telling them that she'll be taking full custody of Lucy. Henry attempts to defuse the tension between the three, but is warned by Victoria to stay out of their business. Afterwards, Lucy meets them at the garden, and attempts to convince them about the curse, only for Henry to reveal that their wife and child perished in a fire years ago. Finding that their car has been stolen, Henry goes to the nearby police station, and reports it missing to a cursed Killian Jones, who now lives as Officer Rogers with no memories of their past life. In another part of town, Tilly enters an abandoned warehouse to find their boss, Rumpelstiltskin, now living under the cursed identity of Detective Weaver, and informs them of Henry's arrival.
Back at the garden, Lucy is planting seeds around the well, when Jacinda arrives to take them to Bainbridge Island across the sound, so they can be together and escape from Victoria. When they arrive at the town line, Jacinda's car breaks down and the elevator to the docks has been closed, which Lucy believes means they're trapped in Hyperion Heights, much like the residents of Storybrooke were. At the police station, Victoria interrupts Henry and Rogers to ask the officer to help find Lucy and Jacinda, believing that Henry knows something. Victoria's daughter Ivy and Officer Rogers find the pair, who have decided to stay and fight Victoria's claim. As Ivy gives Rogers Lucy's Once Upon a Time book, and insists that it be thrown away, Rogers catches sight of a specific page featuring a picture of Emma Swan.
Later that night, Victoria returns to Roni's with a contract to have Roni sign over the place. Unfortunately, Roni changes their mind and tells Victoria that they are not selling out. Having been inspired by Jacinda's decision, they tell Victoria that they won't be ordered around by her, and this is just the beginning. At the same time, Rogers examines a picture of Emma Swan in Lucy's book, and learns that their new partner is Detective Weaver. Henry begins work on a new story, and Jacinda returns to their job at Cluck's Chicken. On their way home, Jacinda finds a quarter and uses it to make a wish at the well, causing a hyacinth flower to sprout out of the ground.
Development
"Hyperion Heights" was directed by Ralph Hemecker and written by Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz. In January 2017, while season 6 was still in production, ABC president Channing Dungey spoke of a possible "reset" of the show's narrative. After much speculation, executive producers Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis later confirmed that certain characters would have their storylines wrapped up and that the back-end of the sixth season had been written with the season 7 narrative change in mind. Despite the major changes from seasons past, the showrunners have said that they do not view season 7 as a reboot of the show: "We're more thinking about it as a hybrid of a lot of things. We're paying homage to the original premise, but there are certain characters who are returning and some who are not. It's a combination of a lot of things, but what we're trying to do is go in a new direction but stay true to the spirit of what the show has always been." ABC renewed the series for a seventh season on May 11, 2017. The premiere date was revealed in July, along with announcement of the new timeslot, Fridays. The table read for this installment began on July 7, 2017.
Casting
In May 2017, it was announced that Lana Parrilla, Colin O'Donoghue, and Robert Carlyle would be the only series regulars from season 6 to continue onto season 7. It was teased that the three would be portraying their original characters but with cursed identities, similar to the circumstances in season 1. In July, the first promo of the season revealed that Killian was a Seattle police officer with the last name Rogers, who is living with an unexplained sense of loss. In August, it was revealed that Regina would be a bar owner named Roni, who is more dressed down and is "no longer in charge."
In March 2017, Andrew J. West and Alison Fernandez were cast for unknown guest roles in the season six finale. During the episode, it was revealed that West was portraying an adult Henry Mills, while Fernandez portrayed their daughter, Lucy. After that episode's airing, they were confirmed as series regulars for season 7. On July 6, 2017, it was announced that Dania Ramirez and Gabrielle Anwar would be two additional series regulars for season 7. Additionally, Adelaide Kane, Mekia Cox, and Rose Reynolds were cast in recurring roles for the upcoming season. On July 15, it was announced that Ramirez would be portraying Cinderella, albeit a different version from the one previously played by Jessy Schram for the first six seasons. On July 22 at San Diego Comic-Con, it was revealed that Anwar and Kane will be portraying Lady Tremaine and Drizella, respectively. Cox would be portraying Tiana from The Princess and the Frog, while Reynolds would be playing an alternate version of Alice, a character previously heavily featured in the spin-off Once Upon a Time in Wonderland.
Liam Hall (the Prince), Jillian Fargey (the Fairy Godmother) and Darcy Laurie (Louie) also appeared in major co-starring roles.
Cultural references
During the episode, a sticker of Lost fictional band Geronimo Jackson is seen in Henry's laptop.
Elements from both the 1950 film and the classic Cinderella tale receive a rendition in this episode, as well as the protagonist of The Princess and the Frog and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland Alice.
The scene where Victoria enters the Belfrey Towers is a homage to the 2006 film The Devil Wears Prada, in which Meryl Streep's Miranda Priestly enters the Runway building in a similar way.
The name "Hyperion" is a reference to Hollywood's Hyperion Avenue, where the two original Animation Buildings of the Disney company were located. They are mainly known for being the place where Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was made. Eventually, in the 1940s, these buildings were moved to the studio lot in Burbank, where they have been rebuilt and renamed. The writing office of Once Upon a Time was relocated there shortly before production of the seventh season began.
Reception
Ratings
"Hyperion Heights" premiered on October 6, 2017, on ABC. It was watched by 3.26 million Americans, acquiring a 0.7/3 rating/share among adults aged 18–49, according to Nielsen Media Research.
Critical response
The premiere received mixed response from critics, with some finding it hard to get used to a "reset" of the show's narrative, while others praised the new directions. Paul Dailly of TV Fanatic wrote a positive review for the episode, giving it a 4.2 out of 5 stars rating and stating, "With a new location and characters, the show is returning to its former glory. My only hope is that if this season turns out to be a success, they do not drag the stories on for dear life." Entertainment Weekly's Justin Kirkland gave a A− letter rating along with a favorable commentary. Emmaline Harvey of SpoilerTV eulogized the previous timeline, saying, "I felt Once was starting to get repetitive the last few seasons, and while this is nearly identical to the plot in the pilot, I'm really encouraged by the new characters. I think it's a fun, fresh new start to the series." Nick Hogan of TVOvermind gave the episode a 4 out of 5 stars rating, labeling it as a new pilot and glorifying Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz's ability of "make a quality episode of television." Conversely, Gwen Ihnat of The A.V. Club deemed the new settings and storylines "hard to sell," providing a C letter rating.
References
External links
2017 American television episodes
Once Upon a Time (season 7) episodes
Lin Junq-tzer (; born 1944) is a Taiwanese politician who has served as the Governor of Taiwan Province from 26 February 2010 to 20 May 2016.
Early life
A Hakka born in Hsinchu, Lin obtained their bachelor's degree in business administration from Soochow University in 1967 and master's degree in educational administration from the National University in the United States in 1989.
Early career
After finishing their bachelor's degree from Soochow University, Lin taught as a teacher at Zhudong Junior High School in Hsinchu County in 1968-1969.
Early political career
On 23 December 1972, Lin joined the legislative election and won a member seat at Hsinchu County Council. In 1981, they became the delegate for National Assembly.
Hsinchu City Mayor
Lin was elected as the Mayor of Hsinchu City after winning the 2001 Republic of China local election under Kuomintang on 1 December 2001 and took office on 20 December 2001.
They were then re-elected by a near 40% margin as the mayor after winning the 2005 Republic of China local election on 3 December 2005 and took office on 20 December 2005.
References
Chairpersons of the Taiwan Provincial Government
Living people
1944 births
Scouting in Taiwan
Soochow University (Taiwan) alumni
Taiwanese politicians of Hakka descent
Mayors of Hsinchu
Members of the 3rd Legislative Yuan
Members of the 4th Legislative Yuan
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Chairpersons of the Kuomintang
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1656.
Events
April 25 – In London, the Council of State, usually busy with larger matters, has taken on the censorship of individual books and orders Robert Tichborne, the Lord Mayor of the City of London, to burn a volume entitled Sportive Wit, or the Muses' Merriment for its "scandalous, lascivious, scurrilous, and profane matter".
May 9 – Choice Drollery, Songs, and Sonnets is ordered to be destroyed by Britain's Council of State.
July 27 – Baruch Spinoza is excluded from the Jewish religious community in Amsterdam.
September – The Siege of Rhodes, Part I, by Sir William Davenant, the "first English opera" (under the guise of a recitative), is performed in a private theatre at their home, Rutland House, in the City of London. This includes the innovative use of painted backdrops and the appearance of England's first professional actor, Mrs. Coleman as Ianthe.<ref"></ref>
November 12 – John Milton marries Katherine Woodcock at St Mary Aldermanbury, London.
unknown date – Two playbooks published in London in this year, The Careless Shepherdess and The Old Law, contain the first "play lists" or catalogs of published dramas ever issued in England.
New books
Prose
Cyrano de Bergerac – Comical History of the States and Empires of the Moon
Thomas Blount – Glossographia; or, a dictionary interpreting the hard words of whatsoever language now used in our refined English tongue
Méric Casaubon – A Treatise Concerning Enthusiasm
Margaret Cavendish –
A True Relation of my Birth, Breeding, and Life
Nature's Pictures
William Dugdale – Antiquities of Warwickshire (seen as a model for a county history)
James Harrington – The Commonwealth of Oceana
Thomas Hobbes – Questions concerning Liberty, Necessity and Chance
Michael Maier – Themis aurea: the Laws of the Fraternity of the Rosie Crosse (first English translation)
Marchamont Nedham – The Excellency of a Free State
Adam Olearius – Vermehrte Newe Beschreibung Der Muscowitischen und Persischen Reyse So durch gelegenheit einer Holsteinischen Gesandtschaft an den Russischen Zaar und König in Persien geschehen (Further new description of the Muscovite and Persian journey made on the occasion of a Holstein mission to the Russian Tsar and the King of Persia)
Francis Osborne – Advice to a Son (an anti-marriage book, condemned and burned for immorality)
Blaise Pascal – Provincial Letters (first letter in series, completed March 1657)
John Tradescant the Younger – Musæum Tradescantianum; or, a collection of rarities preserved at South-Lambeth neer London (descriptive catalog of museum)
Gerrard Winstanley – The Law of Freedom
Children
John Cotton – Spiritual Milk for Boston Babes (catechism)
Drama
Thomas Dekker & John Ford – The Sun's Darling
Thomas Goffe – Three Excellent Tragedies; The Careless Shepherdess
Thomas Middleton, William Rowley, & Philip Massinger – The Old Law
Molière – Le Dépit amoureux
Poetry
Abraham Cowley – The Miscellanies
William Davenant – Wit and Drollery: Jovial Poems
Andreas Gryphius – Kirchhofsgedanken (Cemetery thoughts)
Pierre Corneille – L'Imitation de Jésus-Christ
Births
January 1 – Silvester Jenks, English Catholic theologian and philosopher (died 1714)
April 17 – William Molyneux, Irish natural philosopher and political writer (died 1698)
August 3 – Jean Galbert de Campistron, French dramatist (died 1723)
September 14 – Thomas Baker, English antiquary (died 1746)
November 17 – Charles Davenant, English economist (died 1714)
Deaths
January 19 – Godfrey Goodman, English theologian and bishop (born c. 1582)
August 24 – Aegidius Gelenius, German historian (born 1595)
September 8 – Bishop Joseph Hall, English satirist (born 1574)
October 3 – Myles Standish, American colonist (born c. 1584)
December – John Edwards (Siôn Treredyn), Welsh Anglican priest and translator (born c. 1605)
unknown date – Thomas Gage, English writer and cleric (born c. 1597)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Sarah Allen is a Canadian actor. They studied acting at the National Theatre School of Canada and graduated in 2002.
Being Human
Allen is perhaps best known for playing vampire Rebecca Flynt on SyFy's Being Human. For the role, they watched some of the original BBC version of the series and also researched vampire mythology.
About their character Rebecca, Allen has said: "She definitely starts the series with a cross to bear.. you know, really angry and kind of 'guard up', but I think they make a real effort to try to be good. They do make an effort to be good, and they want to be, and they fail constantly, but I think that even [her] attempts in changing Bernie, the little boy, to a vampire...[were] done with good intentions...she really wanted to care for someone."
About Rebecca's relationship with Aidan, they have said: "She keeps on fumbling through their existence as a vampire. They keep trying to get involved with Aidan's life and just keeps messing up."
They also mentioned once that having to drink fake blood on Being Human was like "drinking a tube of toothpaste".
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Sarah Allen at The South African TV Authority
1980 births
Living people
Canadian film actores
Canadian television actores
National Theatre School of Canada alumni
21st-century Canadian actores
People from Nelson, British Columbia
Henry Yates Satterlee (January 11, 1843 – February 22, 1908) was the first Episcopal Bishop of Washington, serving from 1896 to 1908. They established the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, popularly known as Washington National Cathedral.
Biography
Early life
They were born on January 11, 1843 at the corner of Greenwich and Carlyle Streets, New York City the son of Edward Satterlee and Jane Anna Yates, the daughter Henry Christopher Yates, an attorney-at-law; and for a number of years a New York State Senator and member of the Council of Appointment and Catharine, daughter of Johannes Mynderse and a grand niece of Joseph Christopher Yates, who was an American lawyer, politician. statesman, and founding trustee of Union College. They were also a descendant of Jellis Douwese Fonda, who emigrated in 1642 to the Dutch colony of New Netherland (New York).
Their uncle was Charles Yates, a Brigadier-General during the American Civil War. Charles' daughter, Stella Yates (November 23, 1866 - February 2, 1929), married on June 10, 1891, in New York City, Benjamin Brewster, the son of the Rev. Joseph Brewster and Sarah Jane Bunce. They were the Episcopal Bishop of Maine and Missionary Bishop of Western Colorado.
Education
They graduated from Columbia University in 1863, and in 1866 graduated from the General Theological Seminary, New York City.
Marriage and personal life
They married on June 30, 1866, Jane Lawrence Churchill, the daughter of Timothy Gridley Churchill and Patience Lawrence. They were the parents of two children. Their son, the Rev. Churchill Satterlee, was a clergyman of the Episcopal Church. Their daughter, Constance Satterlee, married Frederick W. Rhinelander, the brother of Philip M. Rhinelander, the seventh Episcopal Bishop of Pennsylvania.
Ordination
On November 21, 1865, they were ordained a deacon in the Protestant Episcopal Church, and a priest on January 11, 1867. They were a assistant rector of Zion Parish at Wappingers Falls, in Dutchess County, New York starting in 1865, and became its rector in 1875. They were rector of Calvary Church, New York from 1882 until 1896 when they became the Bishop of Washington, D.C. While at Calvary, they had been active in mission work to the poor in the city's Lower East Side. Satterlee gained international respect for their integrity and leadership and they also worked hard to promote the black clergy of the diocese. In 1888, they declined election as Assistant Bishop of Ohio and in 1889 declined election as Bishop of Michigan.
Consecration
On March 25, 1896 they were consecrated the first Episcopal Bishop of Washington at Calvary Church, New York City. The consecrator was to have been Bishop John Williams (1817-1899) of Connecticut, the presiding Bishop, but their fragile condition prevented them from attending. In their place, the Right Reverend Arthur Cleveland Coxe (1818-1896), Second Bishop of Western New York, presided, assisted by the Right Reverend Henry Codman Potter (1835-1908), Seventh Bishop of New York. Henry Yates Satterlee was the first Episcopal Bishop of Washington, serving from 1896 to 1908. They established the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, popularly known as Washington National Cathedral. They were responsible for acquiring its land atop Mt. Saint Alban in Northwest Washington and overseeing its construction in the 14th century English Gothic style, envisioning the role of the cathedral in state and world affairs.
Honors awarded
They received an honorary degree of D.D. from Union College in 1882 and from Princeton University in 1896; and that of LL.D from Columbia University in 1897.
Death
They died on February 22, 1908 in Washington, D.C.  They are buried in the Bethlehem Chapel of Washington National Cathedral.
List of works
 They are the author of Christ and their Church (1878); Life Lessons of the Prayer Book (1890); A Creedless Gospel and the Gospel Creed (1894); New Testament Churchmanship (1899); The calling of the Christian and Christ's Sacrament of Fellowship (1902) and The Building of a Cathedral (1901).
Gallery
Notes
References
Brent, Charles Henry (1916). A master builder: being the life and letters of Henry Yates Satterlee, first bishop of Washington. Longmans, Green and Co.
Gates, Merrill Edwards (1905). Men of Mark in America. Men of Mark Publishing Company.
Jones, Emma C. Brewster (1908). The Brewster Genealogy, 1566-1907: a Record of the Descendants of William Brewster of the "Mayflower", ruling elder of the Pilgrim church which founded Plymouth Colony in 1620. New York: Grafton Press.
Wright, R.W. (1878). Biographical record: Yale University. Class of 1842. R.W. Wright, compiler. Tuttle, Morehouse & Taylor, Printers.
Yates, Austin A. (1902). Schenectady County, New York: Its History to the Close of the Nineteenth Century. New York History Company.
Further reading
Schenectady County, New York: Its History to the Close of the Nineteenth Century Publisher: New York History Company, 1902.
Men of Mark in America Biography & Portrait
External links
Bibliographic directory from Project Canterbury
Episcopal Diocese of Washington
Washington National Cathedral
Calvary Church, NYC.
1843 births
1908 deaths
Episcopal bishops of Washington
Columbia University alumni
Burials at Washington National Cathedral
Wappinger, New York
General Theological Seminary alumni
19th-century American Episcopalians
The following is a list of films produced in the Kannada film industry in India in 1981, presented in alphabetical order.
See also
Kannada films of 1980
Kannada films of 1982
1981
Lists of 1981 films by country or language
Films, Kannada
George Leake (1786–1849) was a wealthy landholder in the early days of the Swan River Colony. Backed with considerable assets, Leake supported many of the early settlers of the colony who were struggling financially.
Biography
Early life
George Leake was born in 1786 in London, England. Their father was Luke Leake, and their mother, Ann (née Heading, 1758–1836). They arrived at Fremantle, Western Australia in the in August 1829 and quickly established themselves as a merchant.
Career
They were instrumental in the establishment of the first Bank of Western Australia which was established in June 1837, becoming its first chairperson of directors. In 1839, they were one of four unofficial nominees of the Western Australian Legislative Council, retaining their seat until their death. They were appointed magistrate in 1839 and was made chairperson of the Perth Town Trust (later to become Perth City Council).
Personal life
They married Anne Growse, who died in 1815 leaving them with one daughter, Ann Elizabeth.
Their nephew, George Walpole Leake, was a prominent Western Australian barrister and magistrate and father of George Leake, Premier of Western Australia from 1901 to 1902.
Death
They died in 1849 in Perth, Western Australia.
See also
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1832–1870
Leake family tree
Notes
References
M. Medcalf, 'Leake, George (1786 - 1849)', Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 2, Melbourne University Press, 1967, pp 99–100.
Dictionary of Australian Biography entry of their grandson, George Leake (Premier)
Further reading
Chapman, Jenny.(1965) Perserverando : the Leake family in the political, economic and social life of W.A., 1829-1902, with particular reference to George Leake (1786-1849), Sir Luke Samuel Leake (1828-1886), and George Leake (1856-1902) held in Battye Library.
1786 births
1849 deaths
Settlers of Western Australia
Businesspeople from London
English emigrants to Australia
Economic history of Western Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council
Mayors and Lord Mayors of Perth, Western Australia
Burials at East Perth Cemeteries
19th-century British businesspeople
19th-century Australian politicians
Orthotylus concolor is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Orthotylus
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1856
Virachola is a group of butterfly species in the family Lycaenidae. It was previously considered a valid genus, but recent authors consider it a subgenus of Deudorix.
Species include:
Virachola isocrates - common guava blue
Virachola perse - large guava blue
References
Deudorigini
Lycaenidae genera
The Royal Artillery Boer War Memorial is located on the south side of The Mall in Central London, close to the junction with Horse Guards Road at the northeast corner of St James's Park. Unveiled in 1910, it marks the deaths of the 1,083 soldiers of the Royal Artillery who died in the Second Boer War from 1899 to 1902 It has been a listed building since 1970.
The memorial comprises several bronze sculptural elements by William Robert Colton, mounted on a central square plinth before a curved wall of Portland stone, all standing on granite platform with five steps up from The Mall to the north. Colton had already made the Worcester Boer War Memorial, erected in the grounds of Worcester Cathedral in 1908, including bronze statues of a winged Victory and a soldier. The stone elements were designed by Aston Webb as part of their larger project to upgrade The Mall, which included a new façade for Buckingham Palace, and a wider tree-lined road from the Victoria Memorial to Admiralty Arch. The memorial faces across the road to steps leading up to the Duke of York Column, the equestrian statue of Edward VII and the Guards Crimean War Memorial in Waterloo Place, which are on the same alignment.
The tall plinth supports a life-size bronze statue of a horse representing the Spirit of War, being calmed by a winged personification of Peace holding an olive branch (the figure is sometimes described as Fame). Friezes of bronze plaques near the top and bottom of the plinth show war scenes in high relief, with the motto of the Royal Artillery, "UBIQUE" (everywhere) and "QUO. FAS / ET / GLORIA / DUCUNT" ("where right and glory lead"). Further bronze plaques are mounted as a frieze along the concave wall, bearing the relief inscription "ERECTED BY OFFICERS AND MEN OF THE ROYAL ARTILLERY IN MEMORY OF THEIR HONOURED DEAD IN SOUTH AFRICA 1899-1902". A stone pillar at each end of the wall bears a low relief plaque of a war scene below a bronze wreath around a single initial, "E "(left) and "R" (right). The sides of the pillars bear further plaques listing the names of 1,083 war dead, including some who died after the ceasefire on 31 May 1902, with 61 officers listed together on one panel in order of rank. The panels of names were originally installed horizontally on the floor of the granite platform: after complaints that visitors were inadvertently dishonouring the dead by treading on their names, the panels were resited to the walls.
The memorial was unveiled by Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught on 20 July 1910. The unveiling was preceded by a memorial service at St Paul's Cathedral, with an electric impulse sent from the cathedral used to drop the flags concealing the memorial.
It is Grade II* listed on the National Heritage List for England. The heritage listing describes the monument as "a war memorial of clear architectural and sculptural quality, designed by two well-respected artists" (Aston Webb and William Colton).
Colton's design for the Staffordshire County War Memorial reused the sculptural group, on a tall stone plinth. After Colton's death in 1921, the Staffordshire memorial was completed by Leonard Stanford Merrifield in 1923.
See also
Royal Artillery Memorial at Hyde Park Corner
Grade II* listed war memorials in England
Grade II* listed buildings in the City of Westminster (A–Z)
References
Royal Artillery Memorial - Boer War, Royal Memorials Online
South African Royal Artillery Memorial, The Royal Parks
Memorialisation of the second Boer War in British public and private schools and its implications for WWI remembrance, Dennis Huggins, University of Roehampton, 2019, p.
Royal Artillery Boer War Memorial, The Victorian Web
Royal Artillery Boer War Memorial, roll-of-honour.com
War memorials: London: The Royal Artillery Boer War Memorial, Twentieth Century Society
External links
1910 establishments in England
1910 in London
Buildings and structures completed in 1910
Buildings and structures on The Mall, London
Grade II* listed buildings in the City of Westminster
Grade II* listed monuments and memorials
Military memorials in London
Royal Artillery
Second Boer War memorials
Bolboși is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bălăcești, Bolboasa, Bolboși, Igirosu, Miclosu, Ohaba-Jiu and Valea.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Muhamed Preljević (; born 16 June 1964) is a Serbian-born Bosnian former footballer and now a coach. They started their career in Yugoslavia, playing for FK Bor and NK Dinamo Zagreb until moving to Germany during the Yugoslav Wars where they played for several teams in the 2nd Bundesliga.
Career
Born in Prijepolje, SR Serbia, Muhamed Preljević started their career in Yugoslavia where, after playing with FK Bor in the Second League, they joined NK Dinamo Zagreb in 1987 and played with them in the Yugoslav First League until 1991.
With the break-up of Yugoslavia they move to Germany and joins Hallescher FC playing back then in the 2. Bundesliga. They played in Germany until 2005 having represented Hertha 03 Zehlendorf, SpVgg Greuther Fürth, Viktoria Aschaffenburg, Viktoria Kahl and Sportfreunde Seligenstadt.
After retiring they became a coach. They were a assistant manager of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team between 2004 and 2006.
In summer 2006, they became the assistant manager of Viktoria Aschaffenburg, and between December 2006 and March 2007 they took the role of the main coach.
References
External sources
Muhamed Preljevic playing and coaching career at kleeblatt-chronik.de
Living people
1964 births
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Association football defenders
People from Prijepolje
Bosniaks of Serbia
FK Bor players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
Yugoslav First League players
Hallescher FC players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
Viktoria Aschaffenburg players
2. Bundesliga players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Serbian expatriates in Germany
Serbian football managers
Bosnia and Herzegovina football managers
Casino Tournament of Champions is a video game developed by Random Programming and published by Capstone for MS-DOS.
Gameplay
Casino Tournament of Champions is a game featuring casino gambling games such as slots, video poker, blackjack, roulette, craps, minibaccarat, and well as seven versions of poker.
Reception
Next Generation reviewed the game, rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "if you're looking too add some casino action to your collection, CTOC is the package to buy - just don't expect anything spectacular."
References
External links
1995 video games
Casino video games
DOS games
DOS-only games
Video games developed in the United States
Garabito is a canton in the Puntarenas province of Costa Rica. The head city is in Jacó district.
History
Garabito was created on 25 September 1980 by decree 6512.
Geography
Garabito has an area of km2 and a mean elevation of metres.
The canton lies along the north-central Pacific coast between Punta Loros near the town of Tivives and the mouth of the Tusubres River. The eastern boundary runs through the Fila Negra, a coastal mountain range.
Districts
The canton of Garabito is subdivided into the following districts:
Jacó
Tárcoles
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Garabito had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The canton is covered by the following road routes:
References
Cantons of Puntarenas Province
Populated places in Puntarenas Province
The Rural Municipality of Brock No. 64 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 1 and Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Brock No. 64 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 12, 1910.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Towns
Arcola
Villages
Kisbey, Saskatchewan
The following unincorporated communities are located within the RM.
Unincorporated hamlets
Armilla
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Brock No. 64 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Brock No. 64 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Brock No. 64 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Tuesday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Paul Cameron while its administrator is Miranda Debusschere. The RM's office is located in Kisbey.
See also
List of rural municipalities in Saskatchewan
List of communities in Saskatchewan
References
B
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
The Aeromarine 700 was an early US Navy seaplane developed in 1917 to investigate the feasibility of using aircraft to launch torpedoes. The aircraft itself was a large biplane of conventional three-bay configuration equipped with two pontoons, powered by a Aeromarine K-6. Only two examples were built.
Operators
US Navy
References
Taylor, J. H. (ed) (1989) Jane's Encyclopedia of Aviation. Studio Editions: London. p. 29
Floatplanes
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes
1910s United States bomber aircraft
700
Aircraft first flown in 1917
Scoring more than 1,000 runs in T20I format of cricket is considered a significant achievement. on 23 June 2011, England batter Charlotte Edwards became the first woman to score 1,000 runs in WT20I. Later in 2014, they also became the first female player to cross the 2,000 run milestones as well and first player (either male or female) to cross 2500 runs. They retired as the most prolific run scorer in Women's Twenty20 International (WT20Is), with a total of 2605 runs in March 2016. They remained as leading run-scoorer (either male or female) for another more than 2 years until it was broken by Suzie Bates of New Zealand in June 2018. Suzie became the first player (either male or female) to score 3000 runs in T20 Internationals as well.
In terms of innings, Charlotte Edwards is the fastest (35) to reach the 1,000 run mark, whereas Pakistan's Nida Dar is the slowest (83) to reach the mark. Ellyse Perry is the first player (either male or female) who has scored 1,000+ runs and taken 100+ wickets in Twenty20 Internationals. . , 35 players from 9 teams that are Full Members of the International Cricket Council (ICC) have scored 1,000 runs in T20Is. Out of these 35 players, 7 players are from England followed by Australia (6 players).
This list contains all the players who have scored 1,000 runs in T20I. By default the list is sorted in order of the day the feat is achieved. Overall career scores of these players will be updated on regular interval and not on daily basis.
Key
Players with 1,000 or more T20I runs
Player list and statistics are updated as of 18 August 2022.
See also
Women's Twenty20 International
References
Women's cricket-related lists
Women's Twenty20 International cricket records and statistics
Baudette International Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located one mile (2 km) north of the central business district of Baudette, a city in Lake of the Woods County, Minnesota, United States. Also known as Baudette International Airport & Seaplane Base, it is located on the Rainy River, which is the border between Minnesota in the U.S. and Ontario in Canada.
Facilities and aircraft
Baudette International Airport covers an area of at an altitude of 1,086 feet (331 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 12/30 with a 5,499 x 100 ft (1,676 x 30 m) asphalt surface. The airport also has a seaplane landing area designated 13W/31W and measuring 6,000 x 1,200 ft (1,829 x 366 m) which is located on Rainy River. It shares its airspace and waterway with neighboring Rainy River Water Aerodrome in Canada.
For the 12-month period ending January 30, 2012, the airport had 12,825 aircraft operations, an average of 35 per day: 94% general aviation, 5% air taxi and 1% military. At that time there were 11 aircraft based at this airport: 15 single-engine, 1 multi-engine, 1 ultralight.
References
External links
Airports in Minnesota
Seaplane bases in the United States
Buildings and structures in Lake of the Woods County, Minnesota
Transportation in Lake of the Woods County, Minnesota
Binational airports
Amin Amidu Sulemana is a Ghanaian diplomat and politician.  They are the Member of Parliament for the Sissala West constituency in Ghana. They were also the Minister for Roads and Highways in Ghana.
Aminu Amidu Sulemana was the Ghanaian ambassador to Egypt until they were appointed Upper West Regional Minister by President Mills in January 2012 following a cabinet reshuffle. They won the Sissala West constituency seat on the ticket of the National Democratic Congress in the December 2012 election and took their seat in the Parliament of Ghana on 7 January 2013. They were appointed Minister for Roads and Highways by President Mahama in January 2013.
Early life
Amidu was born on 20 October 1955 in Gyawia in the Upper West Region of Ghana. They attended Nandom Senior High School (formerly Nandom Secondary School) in their region where they sat for their General Certificate Examination (GCE). They proceeded to further their studies at Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, Kumasi to pursue their Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering. They worked as an engineer before going into politics in 1992.
Political career
They were elected into the first parliament of the fourth republic of Ghana on 7 January 1993 after they were pronounced winner at the 1992 Ghanaian parliamentary election held on 29 December 1992.
Amidu was re-elected into the second parliament of the fourth republic on 7 January 1997 after they were declared winner at the 1996 Ghanaian General Election having defeated Moses Dani Baah of the People's National Convention and Solomon Salia Nmangu of the New Patriotic Party. They obtained 44.00% of the total valid votes which is equivalent to 16,688 votes while their oppositions claimed 33.20% which is equivalent to 12,589 votes and 3.00% which is equivalent to 1,150 votes respectively. Their tenure ended on 6 January 2001.
2012 election
After years of serving as the ambassador to Egypt, Amidu decided to go back into parliament and became the standard bearer for the National Democratic Congress once again to represent their newly formed constituency Sissala West constituency. They defeated Patrick Al-hassan Adamahof the New Patriotic Party, Bayirga Haruna of the People's National Convention and Abu Fatawu of the New Democratic Party. They obtained 50.29% of the total valid votes which is equivalent to 11,294 votes while their opponents claimed 36.26% which is equivalent to 8,144 votes, 13.10% which is equivalent to 2,943 votes and 0.34% which is equivalent to 77 votes respectively.
See also
Sissala West
List of Mills government ministers
National Democratic Congress
References
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
National Democratic Congress (Ghana) politicians
Government ministers of Ghana
Ghanaian MPs 2013–2017
Ambassadors of Ghana to Egypt
Ghanaian MPs 1997–2001
People from Upper West Region
1955 births
The 2018 PGA Tour Champions season is the 39th in which PGA Tour Champions, a golf tour for men age 50 and over, has operated. The tour officially began in 1980 as the Senior PGA Tour.
Tournament results
The following table shows the official money events for the 2018 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they will have on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
^ – unofficial event
Leaders
Scoring average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
2018 European Senior Tour
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
PGA Tour Champions
"And the Children Shall Lead" is the fourth episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek. Written by Edward J. Lakso and directed by Marvin Chomsky, it was first broadcast on October 11, 1968.
In the episode, the crew of the Enterprise find children with great powers at their disposal.
Plot
The federation starship Enterprise arrives at the planet Triacus. Captain Kirk, Dr. McCoy, and First Officer Spock beam down in time to witness the death of Professor Starnes, the leader of a scientific expedition team. The other members of the expedition, apart from their five seemingly unconcerned children, seem to have died at their own hands.
The crew bring the children back to the Enterprise, where McCoy evaluates them and determines that they are suffering from lacunar amnesia, unaware of what happened to their parents and unable to grieve. However, when left unattended in one of the ship's rooms, the children chant an evocation and summon a glowing humanoid named Gorgan. They advise them to take control of the crew in order to get to Marcus XII, their preferred destination. The eldest child, Tommy, uses mental powers Gorgan has bestowed on the children to trick the crew into steering the ship while presenting illusions that make them think they are still in orbit above Triacus.
Upon reviewing a troubling expedition film recorded by Starnes, Spock, McCoy, and Kirk return to the bridge to find the children and Gorgan fully in control of the crew. Unable to break their hold on the crew, Spock observes that the children are merely possessed by Gorgan, who must be the evil embodiment of an ancient group of space-warring marauders released by Starnes's archaeological survey.
Believing they can break the hold Gorgan has on the children, Spock plays back footage showing the children happy with their parents, who are then shown to be dead. As the children realize what has happened, they break down emotionally and Gorgan's appearance begins to deteriorate. With the children's powers gone, the crew regains control and Kirk orders a course for Starbase 4 while they take care to comfort the children.
Production
Child actor Craig Hundley, who played Tommy, became a composer and inventor under the name Craig Huxley. Their Blaster Beam, an 18-foot (5.5 m) long aluminum bar strung with piano wire and played using artillery shells, would appear on Jerry Goldsmith's soundtrack for the first Star Trek film, as well as James Horner's Star Trek II and Star Trek III soundtracks. Huxley also composed the piece "Genesis Project" for the "Project Genesis" briefing video in Star Trek II.
Ferdin (who played Mary) and Tochi (who played Ray) would later reunite on Space Academy, a short-lived series that aired from 1977 to 1979 on CBS.
The somewhat bizarre casting choice for Gorgan was Melvin Belli, a personal injury attorney known as "The King of Torts." Their son Caesar played one of the children.
During a climactic scene on the bridge, the oldest child, Tommy Starnes (played by Craig Hundley), casts a spell to make Captain Kirk's voice unintelligible, so as to render them unable to give orders to their crew. To accomplish this effect in the production of the show, some of William Shatner's dialogue was recorded and then played back in reverse. When the audio is reversed in this segment of the finished soundtrack, Shatner can be heard clearly for the majority of the segment to state:
"Remove Lt. Uhura and Mr. Spock from the bridge. Confine them to quarters.
Did you hear me?
Take Mr. Sulu to their quarters.  They are relieved of duty.
Remove Lt. Uhura and Mr. Spock from the bridge. Confine [unintelligible]
Take Mr. Sulu to their quarters
[unintelligible] Mr. Spock from the bridge. Confine them to quarters
Mr. Leslie, take Mr. Sulu to their quarters"
Dave Tilotta performs a script analysis on this episode, comparing the original script to what was filmed and aired. They observed a deleted scene with Sulu and words to the children's incantations among other things.
Reception
This episode was reportedly considered the worst episode in the Star Trek canon by Spock actor Leonard Nimoy, as of 1986.
A 1995 newspaper fan vote for worst episode of the series nominated this episode and "A Piece of the Action".
While the general fan consensus was that this was one of the poorer third-season episodes, and that Captain Kirk's "brusque, exaggeratedly authoritarian and at times unmistakably hostile attitude" towards the titular children undermined both the moral and the plot, Richard Keller of TV Squad listed Gorgan as the tenth scariest television character.
In 2016, CNET ranked this episode as the 7th worst episode of all Star Trek, based on rankings between an audience and discussion hosts at a 50th anniversary Star Trek convention in Las Vegas.
In 2017, Den of Geek ranked this episode as the 3rd worst Star Trek episode of the original series.
In 2019 the Australian Broadcasting Corporation found, when charting the average IMDb ratings for all episodes of all the Star Trek series, that "And the Children Shall Lead ..." had the lowest of all Original Series episodes.
In 2020, Den of Geek ranked this episode as the 11th most scary episode of all Star Trek franchise television episodes.
References in other media
In the 2007 film, Zodiac, during the scene in which the killer is invited to call in to a television program and speak with Melvin Belli (Brian Cox), the newsman asks about Belli's role in "And The Children Shall Lead".
Releases
This was released on LaserDisc in 1987 in the United States, paired with "Is there No Truth in Beauty" on one double sided 12" disc.
This episode was released in Japan on December 21, 1993, as part of the complete season 3 LaserDisc set, Star Trek: Original Series log.3. A trailer for this and the other episodes was also included, and the episode had English and Japanese audio tracks. The cover script was スター・トレック TVサードシーズン
The episode was released on VHS in the United Kingdom, paired with "The Enterprise Incident".
This episode was included in TOS Season 3 remastered DVD box set, with the remastered version of this episode.
References
External links
"And the Children Shall Lead" reviewed in The Agony Booth
Star Trek: The Original Series (season 3) episodes
1968 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by Marvin J. Chomsky
Alphonse Francois Renard (27 September 18429 July 1903), Belgian geologist and petrographer, was born at Ronse, in East Flanders, on 27 September 1842. They were educated for the church of Rome, and from 1866 to 1869 they were superintendent at the college de la Paix, Namur.
In 1870 they entered the Jesuit Training College at the old abbey of Maria Laach in the Eifel, and there, while engaged in studying philosophy and science, they became interested in the geology of the district, and especially in the volcanic rocks. Thenceforth they worked at chemistry and mineralogy, and qualified themselves for those petrographical researches for which they were distinguished.
In 1874 they became professor of chemistry and geology in the college of the Belgian Jesuits at Leuven, a few years later they were appointed one of the curators of the Royal Natural History Museum at Brussels, and in 1882 they relinquished their post at Louvain. In 1888 they were chosen professor of geology at the University of Ghent, and retained the post until the close of their life. Meanwhile, they had been ordained priest in 1877, and had intended to enter the Society of Jesus. They were known as the Abbé Renard; but, as remarked by Sir A. Geikie, as years passed, the longing for mental freedom grew ever stronger, until at last it overmastered all the traditions and associations of a lifetime, and they finally separated themselves from the church of Rome.
Their first work, written in conjunction with Charles-Louis-Joseph-Xavier de la Vallée-Poussin (1827–1904), was the Mémoire sur les caractères minéralogiques et stratigraphiques des roches dues plutoniennes de la Belgique et de l'Ardenne française (1876). In later essays and papers they dealt with the structure and mineral composition of many igneous and sedimentary rocks, and with the phenomena of metamorphism in Belgium and other countries. In acknowledgment of their work, the Bigsby Medal was awarded to them in 1885 by the Geological Society of London. Still more important were their later researches connected with the Challenger Expedition. The various rock specimens and oceanic deposits were submitted to them for examination in association with Sir John Murray, and their detailed observations were embodied in the Report on the Scientific Results of the Voyage of H.M.S. Challenger Deep Sea Deposits (1891). The more striking additions to our knowledge included the detection and description of cosmic dust, which as fine rain slowly accumulates on the ocean floor; the development of zeolitic crystals on the sea-bottom at temperatures of 32 °F (0 °C) and under; and the distribution and mode of occurrence of manganese nodules and of phosphatic and glauconite deposits on the bed of the ocean. Renard died at Brussels on 9 July 1903.
Rue Alphonse Renard, in western Ixelles, is named in their honor. In addition, the mineral renardite was named in their honor in 1928.
References
External links
1842 births
1903 deaths
Belgian geologists
Former Jesuits
Ghent University faculty
People from Ronse
Honorary Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Belgian mineralogists
19th-century Belgian Jesuits
A Le Mans Hypercar (LMH) is a type of sports prototype race car that competes alongside LMDh entries in the Hypercar class of the FIA World Endurance Championship. It will also compete in the Grand Touring Prototype (GTP) class of the IMSA SportsCar Championship from 2023.
The Le Mans Hypercar regulations were created jointly by the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO) and the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) as a successor to the Le Mans Prototype 1 (LMP1) from the 2021 season onwards.
History
Demise of LMP1 class
Following the successive exits of Audi and Porsche from the FIA World Endurance Championship at the end of the 2016 and 2017 seasons in the aftermath of the Volkswagen emissions scandal affecting the Volkswagen Group (parent company of both manufacturers), and spiralling costs in the LMP1 Hybrid sub-category, the ACO began a series of discussions aimed at reducing the costs of competition for the next generation of LMP1 rules.
Initially, a single, low-power hybrid system had been planned for the new LMP1 rules, with plans for a shared platform with IMSA. Representatives from the three organizations, as well as current and prospective manufacturers, were involved in talks for the proposed regulations, which would debut in the 2020-21 World Endurance Championship (WEC) season. At the time, there had been an option for a customer hybrid powertrain for small-volume manufacturers and privateers, which could lead the regulations to replace those of the Daytona prototype International (DPi) in the top class of the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in 2022; this allowed for the unification of top level sports car racing, with teams and manufacturers being able to compete with the same car in the "triple crown" (24 hours of Daytona, 24 Hours of Le Mans, 12 Hours of Sebring) of endurance racing. These initial plans targeted significant cost reductions while maintaining the performance levels of the LMP1 prototypes. A renaming of the category was later suggested by FIA President Jean Todt.
Early concepts
In June 2018, ahead of the 2018 24 Hours of Le Mans, the FIA first confirmed that the new set of top-level prototype regulations would feature design concepts based on hypercars when implemented, with a summary of the new technical regulations being presented to the FIA World Motor Sport Council in Manila. At the time, Toyota, Ford, McLaren, Aston Martin, and Ferrari were revealed to have been in roundtable meetings with the championship organisers for the new regulations, with a significantly reduced targeted full-season budget in the region of 25 million euros—75% lower than existing budgets used by manufacturer teams.
At the 2018 24 Hours of Le Mans, the initial details of the new top class for the FIA World Endurance Championship were announced at the ACO's annual press conference, with the regulations set to be active for 5 seasons. Numerous aspects of the design for the new class would be kept open, with a free engine architecture and the freedom to run any number of cylinders with the choice of a turbocharged or naturally aspirated design. The cars would have an overall weight of with a controlled weight distribution, alongside a defined maximum fuel flow, with controlled efficiency and other regulations to control developmental costs. Hybrid systems would feature an electric motor mounted on the front axle with a fixed performance of , giving the cars a four-wheel drive layout, while the engine's maximum performance target would be set at . Each car would have two seats, a larger cockpit than current LMP1 cars, a wider windscreen, and a roofline more consistent with road cars. Manufacturers would be required to make their hybrid systems available for privateer teams to lease at a cost cap, while any manufacturer or company would be able to design and build its own hybrid system, which would undergo homologation by the FIA and ACO. The cars would also be slower than their predecessors, with a target lap time of 3:20.
On 25 July 2018, Scuderia Cameron Glickenhaus became the first manufacturer to officially indicate its participation in the new rules, with the manufacturer releasing images of a prototype that it planned to race in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The manufacturer would offer a limited run of 25 road-legal versions and one race version to fund its Le Mans program. By the end of the 2018 year, apart from Glickenhaus, no other manufacturer had committed to the new regulations. Concerns were raised by several manufacturers about the tight timelines involved, which would leave manufacturers intending to commit from the first season of competition, with less than two years to design and build new cars upon gaining company board approval. On 21 October 2018, McLaren announced that it would not participate in the first year of the category, due to the tight timelines involved and the relatively fluid state of the regulations at the point in time.
Beginning of the Le Mans Hypercar class
On 5 December 2018, the FIA published the technical rulebook for the class, with the regulations mandating production-based powertrains. It was also decided that a minimum of 25 road cars fitted with the combustion engine and energy recovery system (ERS) of the race car would have to be produced by the end of a manufacturer's first season, with that amount rising to 100 by the end of its second season. This would mean that non-OEM racecar constructors, such as Oreca, Onroak Automotive, and Dallara, would not be permitted to build hypercars, while the previously proposed "off-the-shelf" hybrid solution was absent from the regulations. The regulations called for a total maximum power output of roughly drawn from the combustion and electric hybrid system, lower than the initial figure presented in June. The maximum output of the combustion engine was now rather than , although the 200 kW electric unit power output remained the same. In addition, diesel power would be banned, with a 3 million euro ($3.4 million US) cost cap on the supply of ERS systems from manufacturers to customer teams was announced, while it was also announced that an ERS manufacturer would be prohibited from supplying a system to more than three competitors without the formal approval of the FIA. The minimum weight of the new-generation cars will be raised from the initially-stated to , with maximum length being , while maximum cockpit width would also increase to .
On 7 March 2019, it was announced that the FIA World Endurance Championship would adjust its criteria for the new prototype regulations, with manufacturers now being permitted to enter race cars derived from road-going hypercars. This was done after several manufacturers expressed interest in a closer alignment between their production and race activities, citing both budgetary and platform availability concerns. Subsequently, the target lap time of the new cars was increased from 3:20 to 3:30 and movable aerodynamic devices, originally planned to be allowed under the new regulations, were removed due to cost concerns.
On the Friday prior to the 2019 24 Hours of Le Mans (14 June, 2019), the full technical regulations regarding the new class were unveiled at the race's press conference. The regulations were teamed with the announcement of Toyota Gazoo Racing and Aston Martin Racing committing to the category for its inaugural season, then-to-be the 2020-2021 WEC Season. Aston Martin confirmed the use of the Valkyrie road-going car as the spine of their hypercar, whilst Toyota hinted at the use of their GR Super Sport concept. The two manufacturers would join the supposed Glickenhaus team and ByKolles Racing for the first few races.
On 19 February 2020, Aston Martin announced that they would be postponing their Le Mans Hypercar project, as the announcement of the joint ACO-IMSA Le Mans Daytona h (LMDh) rules led the company to reconsider their plans on the project. In addition, the company planned to re-join Formula One in 2021 for the first time since the late 1950s as a factory-backed team.
On 11 May 2020, the FIA announced it had approved proposed changes to the LMH technical regulations, which would see a decrease in maximum power output from to , and minimum weight of the cars from to .
Debut and LMDh convergence
In 2021, just a few days after Peugeot revealed their 9X8 Hypercar, the IMSA and the ACO announced that they would converge their respective sports prototype rulesets into one class. This unified prototype class is named differently in the FIA World Endurance Championship and IMSA SportsCar Championship (Hypercar and Grand Touring Prototype (GTP), respectively). This convergence allows the Le Mans Hypercars to compete in the IMSA SportsCar Championship in tandem with its sister LMDh cars, starting from 2023. This effectively allowed LMH and LMDh cars to race in both North American and world championships together, a level of commonality between Europe and America not seen in top-level sportscar racing for several decades.
Technical regulations
The frontal surface area of the car may not be below 1.6 m2, while "as viewed from above, from the side, and from the front, the bodywork must not allow mechanical components to be seen, unless explicitly authorised by the present regulations, or if respecting the original car design." Movable aerodynamic elements are prohibited.
Powertrain
Engine design is free, with only four-stroke petrol engines being permitted for use. For production-based engines, the block and head castings must come from the base engine (but can be slightly altered via machining or addition of material), and the crankshaft may only be a maximum of 10% lighter, while valve angles, number of camshafts, and location of camshafts must also remain as they are fitted on the original engine.
For cars utilising an energy recovery hybrid system, the speed at which it can be deployed is set in the Balance of Performance table. The electrical DC power of the MGU-K must not exceed 200 kW, and with the exception of the pit lane, the MGU-K may only apply positive torque to the front wheels should the following conditions be met:
If the speed of the car is equal or higher than the respective value set in the BoP table, when fitted with dry weather slick tyres;
If the speed of the car is equal or higher than the respective value set in the BoP table, when not fitted with dry weather slick tyres;
If the speed of the car is below the respective value set in the BoP table and stays below that value until the car comes to the pits.
Vehicle Specifications
Confirmed manufacturers
Prospective manufacturers
See also
LMDh
References
External links
24 Heures du Mans - What is a Hypercar? (2021; 24 Heures du Mans at YouTube)
Sports car racing
Hypercars
The Royal Chancellery of Granada (Spanish - La Real Chancillería de Granada or Real Audiencia y Chancillería de Granada) was a court established by Isabel I of Castile in 1505 when they moved the Royal Audience and Chancellery of Ciudad Real (Real Audiencia y Chancillería de Ciudad Real) to Granada - it had originally been set up in Ciudad Real in 1494. It was abolished in 1834 with the rise of liberalism in Spain.
Province of Granada
Villa Saint Martin is a centre in Ignatian spirituality run by the Society of Jesus in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was the first residential spirituality centre in Canada. It was founded in 1913 and opened by the Archbishop of Montreal, Paul Bruchési. It is situated in the east of Pierrefonds-Roxboro next to Saint-Laurent in Montreal on the shore of the Rivière des Prairies.
History
Foundation
The first residential retreat in Canada happened in 1910 in Boucherville and was organized by Fr. Joseph Archambeault. Three years later a retreat house was purchased in L'Abord-à-Plouffe. It was within the parish of Saint-Martin in Laval, Quebec, which is why the centre became dedicated to Saint Martin.
On 2 November 1913, the Villa Saint Martin was opened by the Archbishop of Montreal, Paul Bruchési. Following the opening, the first retreat at the centre was led by Fr. Ruhlmann SJ and accompanied by the Archbishop of Winnipeg, Arthur Alfred Sinnott and the Apostolic Delegate to Canada, Peregrine Stagni.
The number of retreatants at the centre increased every year until World War II. After the end of the war, the house's main benefactor, who paid for its construction, Mr. Édouard Gohier financially struggled in the post-war economic collapse.
New site
In 1951, the current building for the centre was bought. It was originally built in 1900. The house was officially opened as a retreat house on 21 June 1953 by the Archbishop of Montreal, Paul-Émile Léger.
In the 1960s and 1970s the program of activities at the centre was expanded. The centre moved away from traditional weekend retreats for parish groups. More activity was focussed on married couples, and evening sessions were introduced. In the 1970s Alcoholics Anonymous groups started at the centre. In 1995, six- and eight-day retreats for smaller groups with personal spiritual directors were started. In 2001, more ecumenical projects were launched.
Overview
Retreats at the villa are based on the Spiritual Exercises of Ignatius of Loyola. A variety of retreats are offered, from the entire 30-day retreat to ones based on art, themed retreats, and retreats in daily life.
Exterior and grounds
See also
Ignatian spirituality
List of Jesuit sites
References
External links
Villa Saint Martin site
Buildings and structures in Montreal
Ignatian spirituality
Spiritual retreats
Ng Chin-Keong () was Professor of Chinese History at the National University of Singapore until their retirement in 2006. They were also the Director of the Chinese Heritage Centre between 2004 and 2006.  They are a Singapore citizen by birth and obtained their B.A. in history from the Nanyang University. After working as a teacher for several years, they completed their M.A. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison and their Ph.D. in Chinese history at the Australian National University where they were a student of Wang Gungwu.
Selected publications
Boundaries and Beyond: China's Maritime Southeast in Late Imperial Times (Singapore: NUS Press, 2017).
Chinese and Indian Business: Historical Antecedents (Co-edited) (Leiden: Brill, 2009).
Maritime China in Transition, 1750-1850. (Co-edited) (Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz Verlag, 2004).
Trade and Society: The Amoy Network on the China Coast, 1683-1735 (Singapore: Singapore University Press, 1983).
The Chinese in Riau: A Community on an Unstable and Restrictive Frontier (Singapore: Institute of Humanities and Social Sciences, College of Graduate Studies, Nanyang University, 1976).
The Stormy Months between 5th August 1973 and 15th January 1974 in Indonesia: The Issues and Agitations (Singapore: Institute of Humanities and Social Sciences, College of Graduate Studies, Nanyang University, 1976).
Xinjiapo Huaqun Shilunji 新加坡華族史論集 (Singapore: Nanyang Daxue Biyesheng Xuehui, 1972).
Dongnanya Shigang 東南亞史綱 (Singapore: Qingnian Shuju, 1966).
References
Singaporean sinologists
Historians of China
National University of Singapore faculty
Living people
Singaporean people of Chinese descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nurewal is a village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of Punjab State, India. It is located 2.8 km away from Nagar, 45 km from Jalandhar and 116 km from state capital Chandigarh. Nurewal has postal head office in Phillaur which is 5.3 km away from the village. The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj (India).
Caste
The village has schedule caste (SC) constitutes 44.65% of total population of the village and it doesn't have any Schedule Tribe (ST) population.
Education
The village has a Punjabi medium, Co-educational primary school (GPS Nurewal School). The school provide mid-day meal as per Indian Midday Meal Scheme and the meal prepared in school premises. The school was founded in 1976.
Transport
Rail
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station however, Bhatian Railway Station is 9 km away from the village.
Air
The nearest domestic airport is located 36 km away in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is 140 km away in Amritsar.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
White Face (also known as Edgar Wallace's White Face the Fiend) is a 1932 British crime film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Hugh Williams, Gordon Harker and Renee Gadd. The film is based on a play by Edgar Wallace.
Plot
A doctor becomes a blackmailer and a jewel thief in order to raise funds for a hospital in East London but is uncovered by an ambitious reporter.
Cast
Hugh Williams - Michael Seeley
Gordon Harker - Sam Hackett
Norman McKinnel - Inspector Mason
Renee Gadd - Janice Harman
Richard Bird - Donald Bateman
Nora Swinburne - Inez Landor
Leslie Perrins - Louis Landor
J.H. Roberts - Doctor Marford
D. A. Clarke-Smith - Dr. Rudd
Gibb McLaughlin - Sgt. Elk
Jeanne Stuart - Gloria Gaye
Clare Greet - Mrs. Albert
Preservation status
The film is now considered a lost film, but the screenplay still exists. While working on this film, an affair between Hugh Williams and Renee Gadd began.
Critical reception
The New York Times wrote, "the British studios contribute a well-bred little mystery picture to the Broadway market in White Face, which is at the Broadway Theatre. An Edgar Wallace product, tailor-made according to the formula for these matters, it places a corpse in a slummy London street at midnight, sets the hounds of Scotland Yard baying up several wrong trees, and in good time whips the mask off the mysterious White Face. On Hollywood standards it is a pleasant enough item for the homicide enthusiasts, suffering generally from a faintly anemic quality and specifically from an absence of humor."
References
Bibliography
Sweet, Matthew. Shepperton Babylon: The Lost Worlds of British Cinema (Faber and Faber, 2005)
External links
1932 films
1932 crime films
Films based on works by Edgar Wallace
Films directed by T. Hayes Hunter
Lost British films
Gainsborough Pictures films
Films set in London
British crime films
British black-and-white films
1932 lost films
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
David Baillie is a writer and artist best known for creating the Vertigo comic series Red Thorn, and for writing stories for 2000 AD and Judge Dredd Megazine - for which they also once wrote a monthly column describing their life as a comics creator.
Biography
David Baillie was born in Whitburn, West Lothian in 1977. At university they studied electrical engineering, moved to London in 1999 and worked there for two years as a computer programmer in an investment bank before quitting that job to become an artist.
In 2010 Baillie was engaged as artist-in-residence for visual arts centre Firstsite in Colchester.
In 2011 they took part in the successful group effort to break the Guinness World Records for the fastest comic-book ever produced and the largest number of creators working on a single comic, with proceeds going to Yorkhill Hospital.
In 2013 they were one of a number of professional writers commissioned to write a novel for Amazon Publishing's Kindle Worlds line featuring the Valiant Comics character Bloodshot
In 2014 they were interviewed in Judge Dredd Megazine issue 344 by Matthew Badham about their comics career to date.
It was announced at San Diego ComicCon 2015 that Baillie would write a new series for Vertigo called Red Thorn, set in modern day Glasgow exploring Scottish mythology, featuring art by Meghan Hetrick, colours by Steve Oliff, (latterly Nick Filardi) and letters by Todd Klein.
In 2017 Baillie appeared at the Edinburgh International Book Festival with Rob Davis to discuss Comics of a Deadly Kind and the inspiration and publication history of their series Red Thorn.
At the beginning of 2018 it was announced that Baillie would write the return of classic Judge Dredd character Chopper with Mad Max's Brendan McCarthy on art.
In 2018 Baillie was interviewed for the Scotland's Futures Forum film Our Future Scotland, along with Scottish writers, artists, politicians and actors, including Brian Cox, Nicola Sturgeon and Christopher Brookmyre.
In 2019 Baillie's Chopper stories were collected by Rebellion and they wrote a graphic novel celebrating the thrash metal band Megadeth's greatest hits international tour.
In 2020 Baillie revisited the history of classic 2000AD character The Gronk, produced several Judge Dredd tales with new Scottish artist Anna Morozova and contributed a number of short stories to Rebellion's Judge Dredd Prose collection, Judge Fear's Big Day Out and Other Stories. In May they and Conor Boyle created a story called “Revenge of the Cicatrix” for Heavy Metal Magazine. They also wrote and drew a short web series of unconnected comic stories for Webtoon called Paraverse.
Selected bibliography
Vertigo / DC Comics
Red Thorn, ongoing series, with art by Meghan Hetrick, letters by Todd Klein (2015)
"Night of the Black Stant" in Vertigo CMYK K, with art by Will Morris, letters by Todd Klein (2015)
2000 AD
"The Ghostship Mathematica" with art by Inaki Miranda/Eva de la Cruz, (Progs 1827 to 1829)
"After the Vengeance" with art by Jon Davis-Hunt, (Progs 1870 to 1873)
"The Flowers of Viber Hinge" with art by Paul Marshall, Prog 1873
"A Guide for Prisoners Arriving from the Year 2149" with art by Warren Pleece, (Prog 1786)
"Silent Running", with art by Anthony Williams (comics), (Prog 1787)
"Birth of the Mazzikim", with art by Jesus Redondo, (Prog 1737)
"The Death Magnetic", with art by Will Morris, (Prog 1836)
"Time is the Only Enemy, art by Graeme Neil Reid and Letters by Simon Bowland, (Prog 1837)
"The Crow Gifts", art by Joshua George, Letters by Ellie De Ville, (Prog 1958)
Judge Dredd Megazine
"The Unfortunate Case of High-Altitude Albert", with art by Joel Carpenter, (Meg 317)
"And Death Must Die", with art by Jake Lynch, (Meg 348)
"Dead Man Talking", Judge Dredd prose story, (Meg 339)
"Too Hottie To Handle", Judge Dredd prose story, (Meg 354)
"Prophet of Stomm", Judge Dredd Black Museum art by Steve Austin, (Meg 357)
Chopper: "Wandering Soul", with art by Brendan McCarthy, (Meg 395-399)
References
External links
Profile at 2000AD online
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British comics writers
People from West Lothian
Scottish comics writers
Scottish science fiction writers
Budget 2019, dubbed the Wellbeing Budget, was the name given to the New Zealand budget for fiscal year 2019/20 presented to the New Zealand House of Representatives by Finance Minister Grant Robertson on 30 May 2019. This was the second budget presented by the Coalition Government. Its release was complicated by the accidental publication of budgetary documents on a test website two days prior to its official release on 30 May, attracting significant media and public attention.
History
In late May 2019, the Labour-led Coalition Government announced that the 2019 New Zealand budget would be the country's first "Wellbeing Budget", reflecting its focus on addressing mental-health issues, child well-being, supporting Māori and Pasifika aspirations, encouraging productivity, and transitioning to a sustainable economy. The "Wellbeing Budget" sought to address these issues by:
breaking down agency silos and working across government to assess, develop and implement policies that improve wellbeing;
focusing on outcomes that balance the needs of present generations with those of future generations;
tracking progress with broader measures of success including the health of the country's finances, natural resources, people and communities.
The release of the "Wellbeing Budget" was complicated by the accidental publication two days earlier of budgetary documents on a test website which the Treasury had not intended to be publicly available. The opposition National Party gained access to these documents and criticized security. This leak initially raised allegations of hacking - with the usual confusion over different definitions of "hacking" ensuing - and was referred to the New Zealand Police before a senior Treasury official confirmed that the leak had been accidental. Opposition Leader Simon Bridges also criticized the Government's handling of the data leak and called for the resignations of Finance Minister Robertson and Treasury Secretary Gabriel Makhlouf.
Major announcements
The Coalition Government has allocated NZ$3.8 billion in operational funding and NZ$10.4 billion in capital funding for the Wellbeing Budget.
Mental health
Investing NZ$445 million into creating a new mental health frontline service.
Investing NZ$40 million into expanding suicide prevention services.
Stationing more nurses at secondary schools.
Building 1,044 new homes under the Housing First programme.
Child wellbeing
Investing $320 million into special services to address family and sexual violence.
Supporting Oranga Tamariki to help transition children living in state care into independent living.
Increasing funding to decile 1–7 schools so that schools do not need to ask for donations from parents.
Lifting incomes by indexing main benefits and removing punitive sanctions.
Māori and Pasifika aspirations
Investing NZ$81 million in Whānau Ora to improve primary health outcomes.
Investing in Māori and Pasifika language programmes.
Investing NZ$10 million to increase the Pacific Provider Workforce Development Fund to support a Pacific Health workforce pipeline.
A $12 million programme to combat rheumatic fever, which is prevalent among the Māori and Pasifika communities.
Encouraging productivity
Investing NZ$300 million into establishing a New Zealand Venture Investment Fund (NZVIF) to encourage start-up companies.
Investing NZ$106 million into encouraging businesses to help transition New Zealand into a low-carbon economy.
Investing NZ$200 million into vocational and trade training programs.
Economic transformation
Investing NZ$1 billion into KiwiRail.
Investing NZ$95 million into science and research on climate change and new energy technologies.
Encouraging sustainable land use with a $229 million package.
Other areas
Education
Allocating NZ$1.2 billion for a school property refurbishment programme, starting with NZ$287 million in 2019 for new buildings.
Defence
$1.7 billion to purchase Boeing P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft.
Health
Investing NZ$1.7 billion into upgrading and rebuilding hospitals over the next two years including the Dunedin Hospital.
Extending the bowel cancer screening programme to five more district health boards.
Investing NZ$2.9 billion into district health boards.
Transportation and provincial growth
Investing NZ$1.4 billion to upgrade and maintain the Auckland City Rail Link.
Allocating NZ$855 million to the Provincial Growth Fund from the multi-year capital allowance.
Reaction
The Opposition Leader Simon Bridges criticized the Wellbeing Budget, claiming that New Zealand First "held the purse strings, with funding for rail and forestry". Bridges also claimed that the economy was in decline and business confidence were at record lows. Similarly, ACT Party leader David Seymour claimed that the Wellbeing Budget failed to provide the fiscal policies needed for stronger economic growth.
The Auckland Action Against Poverty Coordinator Ricardo Menéndez March and left-wing blogger Martyn "Bomber" Bradbury criticized the Budget for lacking new initiatives to addressing rising poverty and inequality. Left-wing political commentator Chris Trotter opined that the Wellbeing Budget violated the principle of no taxation without representation.
References
New Zealand
Budget
New Zealand budget
New Zealand budgets
The First Circus is a 1921 American short silent animated film, produced and directed by Tony Sarg and Herbert M. Dawley, featuring a pair of prehistoric circus performers balancing upon a brontosaurus. A print has been preserved in the US Library of Congress film archive.
References
External links
1921 animated films
1921 short films
1921 films
1920s animated short films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
Articles containing video clips
American animated short films
Circus films
Animated films about dinosaurs
Apatosaurinae
1920s American films
William Cahill may refer to:
William T. Cahill (1912–1996), American politician
William Vincent Cahill (1878–1924), American painter
William Geoffrey Cahill, soldier, officer and police commissioner in Queensland, Australia
See also
Bill Cahill (disambiguation)
Çallıca is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Phebe Mann Eur Ing CEng MICE FCIArb FRICS FRSA MCIOB FHEA is an Associate Professor in highway and transportation at the University of East London. As a Chartered Civil Engineer, Chartered Surveyor, European Engineer, Chartered Construction Manager and Member of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, Dr Phebe Mann, is the first woman engineer of minority ethnic origin appointed by the Lord Chancellor to the Agricultural Land Tribunal for Wales. Phebe is also the first and only woman to hold eight professional qualifications concurrently in the UK. They have been recognised with a Top 50 Women in Engineering Award (WE50) for their outstanding achievements in engineering.
Early life and education
Mann's father was involved with Scouting. Mann holds many professional qualifications. They earned a master's degree in Computer Science from Hughes Hall, Cambridge. They were in the first ever cohort of University of Cambridge students studying Interdisciplinary Design for the Built Environment. They completed a master's degree in 1985 at Loughborough University. They also hold a law degree from the University of Buckingham, a Masters from University of Surrey, a postgraduate certificate in academic practise from Reading University and a Masters in Research Methods from the Open University.
Research and career
Mann has made considerable contributions to engineering and legal education. Mann was the first woman to be elected chair of the Leicester Centre of the Chartered Institute of Building. They completed construction projects for City of Westminster and Cambridge City Council. As an engineer, Mann worked on the Stump Cross for Four Went Ways, Little Venice and the A1 road. They won the 2011 WISE Campaign's Women of Outstanding Achievement Tomorrow's Leader Award. Mann was a member of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn.
In June 2018, Mann was completing a Bar Professional Training Course at City, University of London.  They are a consultant at the Open University and lecturer at the University of Reading. Mann was made an Honorary Fellow of Bradford College in 2013.
 They are a Talent2030 Hero. A portrait of Mann was commissioned in 2012 after they won the Tomorrow's Leader award, which they donated to Bradford College in 2012. They were listed as one of the United Kingdom's Top 50 Influential Women in Engineering in 2018. Man is a leader with the Guide Association, and develops activities based on engineering to develop girls' confidence.
References
English civil engineers
British women engineers
Alumni of Hughes Hall, Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Surrey
Transport engineers
Wilfried Lange (22 February 1910 – 1993) was a German chess player, Chess Olympiad individual bronze medal winner (1952).
Biography
In their youth Wilfried Lange lived in Braunschweig, where they won the Lower Saxony chess championship in 1933. They later moved to Essen, where they won the city chess championships. In 1952, Wilfried Lange became the winner of the North Rhine-Westphalia Chess Championship. They won two national chess tournaments in Hamburg (1946, 1952). Between 1930 and 1950 they eight times participated in German Chess Championship. Wilfried Lange twice won German Chess Bundesliga with Essen Chess Club Essener SG 1904. In 1949 they received the title of German chess master.
Wilfried Lange played for West Germany in the Chess Olympiad:
In 1952, at reserve board in the 10th Chess Olympiad in Helsinki (+3, =4, -3) and won individual bronze medal.
After World War II Wilfried Lange has been invested many works in restoring German chess life. They were a member of the North Rhine-Westphalia Federal Chess Federation in the German Chess Federation. By profession Wilfried Lange was chemist.
References
External links
Wilfried Lange chess games at 365chess.com
1910 births
1993 deaths
Sportspeople from Riga
German chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
The eastern double-collared sunbird (Cinnyris mediocris) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is found in upland areas of Kenya and northern Tanzania.
Description
The eastern double-collared sunbird is a small species. The adult male has upper parts a metallic green, dark wings and tail, and a red breast band and olive belly. The beak is strongly curved and used to sip nectar from flowers. The adult female is olive above, with brown on the wings and yellowish-green underparts.
Distribution and habitat
The eastern double-collared sunbird is native to mountainous regions of Kenya and northern Tanzania. It is found in forests, upland pasture, heathland and bamboo, at altitudes of between . It descends to lower altitudes after the breeding season.
Ecology
The eastern double-collared sunbird feeds alone or in pairs, or may join small flocks of mixed species, which are often led by the white-headed wood hoopoe (Phoeniculus bollei). It feeds on nectar, insects, spiders and small molluscs; the insects include flies, neuropterans and hymenopterans. Flying ants may be caught on the wing, prey invertebrates are picked off the backs of leaves, and inflorescences are explored acrobatically to extract nectar.
Status
The eastern double-collared sunbird is a common species within its range. The population trend is thought to be steady, no particular threats have been identified and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as "least concern".
References
eastern double-collared sunbird
Birds of East Africa
eastern double-collared sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hashtijan (, also Romanized as Hashtījān and Hashteyjān) is a village in Rahmat Rural District, Seyyedan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 467, in 113 families.
References
Populated places in Marvdasht County
Abukhovich () is a Russian last name; a variant of Obukhov.
People with this last name
Philip Abukhovich, Voivode of Smolensk described in The Unknown War military history book by Hienadz Sahanovich
References
Notes
Sources
И. М. Ганжина (I. M. Ganzhina). "Словарь современных русских фамилий" (Dictionary of Modern Russian Last Names). Москва, 2001.
Russian-language surnames
The silver-crowned friarbird (Philemon argenticeps) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to northern Australia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
References
silver-crowned friarbird
Birds of the Northern Territory
Birds of Cape York Peninsula
Endemic birds of Australia
silver-crowned friarbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
TR Ericsson (born 1972) is an American artist who lives and works in Brooklyn, New York and Painesville, Ohio. Since their mother's death in 2003, their practice has circulated around their life story, drawing from an inherited archive that documents four generations of family life in the American Midwest.
Early life and education
Ericsson grew up in Willoughby, Ohio where they lived with their mother. From 1990 to 1991, they studied at the Cleveland Institute of Art, before moving to New York to pursue academic training in traditional figurative drawing, painting and printmaking at the Art Students League of New York and National Academy School. During this period they lived at the 92nd Street Y - De Hirsch Residence.
After graduation, Ericsson worked as a portrait painter and was a semi-professional pool player. In 1996, they married the artist Cassandra MacLeod. The couple divorced in 2004. Ericsson remarried several years later. Together with Rosemary Ericsson (née Fakult), they have a daughter named Susie who was born in 2008.
Crackle and Drag
In the years following their mother's suicide in 2003, Ericsson amassed an archive that would lay the groundwork for their ongoing series Crackle & Drag. “Crackle and Drag,” builds from their family archive, combining a wide range of different media to produce time-based artworks, books, zines, and sculptures as well as works on paper, panel and muslin, which employ DIY silkscreen techniques and materials such as nicotine, alcoholic cocktails, and the funerary ashes of family members.
The title “Crackle and Drag,” is appropriated from a Paul Westerberg song, which pays homage to the poet Sylvia Plath. When Ericsson researched the lyrics to the song, they encountered Plath's poem “Edge”, written shortly before the young poet killed herself. The poem ends with the following words: “She is used to this sort of thing. Them blacks crackle and drag.” According to Ericsson reading Plath's poem was an epiphany: “I instantly knew I had found a way to contextualize all the things I was doing around my mother's death.”
Exhibitions, collections and awards
Notable acquisitions of artist books, photographs, paintings, works on paper and sculptures, include those by the Cleveland Museum of Art, the Dallas Museum of Art, the Indianapolis Museum of Art, the Fine Arts Library of the Harvard Library, the Progressive Collection, the Whitney Museum, the Yale University Arts Library, the Museum of Modern Art Library, and the Smithsonian Institution Libraries.
In 2015, the artist's first solo museum exhibition, Crackle & Drag, opened at the Cleveland Museum of Art/Transformer Station, accompanied by a Yale University Press monograph that was shortlisted for the Paris Photo-Aperture Foundation and Kraszna Krausz Book awards. A 2017 recipient of the Print Center's annual international award, “Crackle & Drag” was also the subject of a solo exhibition at the Everson Museum of Art.
In 2018, Ericsson installed a large-scale outdoor bronze sculpture for a private collection in Northeast Ohio that includes works by Richard Serra, Sol Lewitt, Roxy Paine, AI Wei Wei, and Andy Goldsworthy. In 2019 one of their “letter works” was included in the group exhibition Frederick Douglass: Embers of Freedom at SCAD Museum of art in Savannah, Georgia.
References
1972 births
21st-century American photographers
21st-century American painters
21st-century American sculptors
People from Willoughby, Ohio
American male artists
Artists from Brooklyn
People from Painesville, Ohio
Living people
Fukuchiyama Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 4.7 km2. The dam impounds about 13 ha of land when full and can store 2710 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1975 and completed in 2003.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
2003 establishments in Japan
Tai Chung may refer to:
Places
Taichung, a city located in west-central Taiwan.
Miscellaneous
Tai Chung FC, a football club in Hong Kong.
This is a list of seasons played by Eintracht Braunschweig in German and European football, from their first competitive to the most recent completed season. It details the club's achievements in every competition, as well as the club's average attendance and top scorers for each season since 1947-48. Players in bold were also top scorers in their league that season.
Seasons
1904–1933
1933–1945
1945–1963
Since 1963
Key
(I) = 1st division
(II) = 2nd division
(III) = 3rd division
NF = Season not finished
NP = Competition not played this season
DNE = Did not enter
GC = German championship
NC = Northern German championship
ZOC = British Zone of Occupation championship
EC = European Cup
UC = UEFA Cup
Attendance ⌀ = Average attendance
RS = Regional stages of the German cup
QR = Qualification round
GS = Group stage
R128 = Round of 128
R64 = Round of 64
R32 = Round of 32
R16 = Round of 16
QF = Quarter-finals
SF = Semi-finals
RU = Runners-up
W = Winners
Notes
Sources
Eintracht Braunschweig at Fußballdaten.de (in German)
Eintracht Braunschweig
Eintracht Braunschweig
Eintracht Braunschweig
Leicester's Commonwealth (originally titled ) (1584) is a scurrilous book that circulated in Elizabethan England and attacked Queen Elizabeth I's favourite, Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester. The work was read as Roman Catholic propaganda against the political and religious policy of Elizabeth I's regime, particularly the Puritan sympathies fostered by Leicester. In doing so, it portrayed Leicester as an amoral opportunist of "almost satanic malevolence" and circulated lurid stories of their supposed scandalous deeds and dangerous plots.
The text is presented as "a letter written by a Master of Art of Cambridge to their friend in London, concerning some talk passed of late between two worshipful and grave men about the present state and some proceedings of the Earl of Leicester and their friends in England". The title Leicester's Commonwealth was first used in the 1641 edition. The book significantly influenced Leicester's historical reputation in the ensuing centuries.
Content
The book takes the form of a dialogue between a Cambridge scholar, a lawyer and a gentleman. It begins as a plea for religious toleration by asserting that Catholics who are loyal to the Queen and country should be free to profess their religion. The lawyer, who professes to be a moderate "papist", expresses the view that religious differences do not undermine the patriotism of citizens and gives examples of religiously-divided populations that have united to defend their country against external enemies.
The text quickly veers into an attack on the Earl of Leicester by making all kinds of accusations against him, most notably a number of murders. Their first is that of their wife, Amy Robsart, who according to the tract was found at the bottom of a short flight of stairs with a broken neck, their headdress still standing undisturbed "upon their head". Leicester's hired assassin later confesses on their death bed while "all the devils in hell" tear them in pieces. Meanwhile, the assassin's servant, who witnessed the deed, has already been dispatched in prison by Leicester's agents before they could tell the story. With the expert help of their Italian physician, Dr. Giulio, Leicester goes on to remove the husbands of their lovers Douglas, Lady Sheffield and Lettice, Countess of Essex (ladies referred to as "his Old and their New Testaments"). The Cardinal of Chatillon, Nicholas Throckmorton, Lady Margaret Lennox, and the Earl of Sussex are dispatched in the same manner, by poison. After the murder of Walter Devereux, 1st Earl of Essex, Leicester pays Francis Drake to kill Thomas Doughty, who knows too much about the situation (Doughty had been executed by Drake for mutiny at sea).
The work also reveals Leicester's monstrous sexual appetite and their and theirs new wife's lewd private lives, including abortions, illnesses and other shortcomings. The death of their little son, which occurred shortly before the book's publication, is commented on with a biblical allusion in a stop press marginal note: "The children of adulterers shall be consumed, and the seed of a wicked bed shall be rooted out".
A born traitor in the third generation who has "nothing of their own, either of their ancestors, or of himself", Leicester is also accused of systematically despoiling the lands the queen has granted them and of ruthlessly extorting money from those unluckily enough to be in their power. The mathematician Thomas Allen is said to be employing the art of "figuring" to further Leicester's unlawful designs and of having endeavoured to bring about a match between their patron and Queen Elizabeth by black magic. Leicester, a "perpetuall dictator" who hates and terrorises the helpless Queen, is to blame that England has no heir of Elizabeth's body since they have prevented their marriage to a foreign prince by falsely claiming to be engaged to them and showing their suitors' ambassadors "a most disloyal proof" thereof. Having failed to attain the supreme power through marriage, they have no religion themselves but is building up a party of misled Puritans to assist them in dethroning Elizabeth in favour of their brother-in-law, the Earl of Huntingdon. They will then get rid of Huntingdon and place the crown on their own head. Leicester's immediate arrest and execution are recommended as the most beneficial act that the Queen could ever do to them country.
As the book progresses, it increasingly becomes a defense of Mary Stuart's succession rights, which by 1584 had become imperilled by their involvement in several plots to assassinate Elizabeth.
Authorship
The authorship of the pamphlet has been much disputed. Francis Walsingham, in charge of Elizabeth's secret service, thought that Thomas Morgan, the exiled agent of Mary Stuart, to be its author when it first surfaced in August 1584. Dudley likewise believed that Mary was involved in its conception: "Leicester has lately told a friend that they will persecute you to the uttermost", one of their spies informed them The Jesuit Robert Persons soon became popularly associated with it, which was published under their name in later editions. Although they denied authorship in their memoirs, they were involved in smuggling the book from France to England. Scholars now generally believe that Persons was not the author. Ralph Emerson, a Catholic activist, was arrested in possession of several copies but could not or would not identify the author when questioned.
Some modern scholars have suggested that there was no single author and that several members of the exiled Catholic community based in France wrote the text as a group effort, the chief candidates being Charles Arundell and Charles Paget. The original intention of the text is probably linked to a factional struggle at the French court. It favoured the party of the Guises, supporters of the Catholic League, against those with a more positive attitude to Elizabeth and England.
Suppression
The work was welcomed by exiled Catholics as the best weapon that they had. Francis Englefield, who served Philip II of Spain, wrote on hearing of it: "Instead of the sword which we cannot obtain, we must fight with prayer and pen". Those kinds of books, they thought, "ought to be to this Queen of England's annoyance... who I hope shall have a fall at last".
Elizabeth's government made considerable efforts to suppress the work, but according to D. C. Peck, "from the evidence of the book's circulation and its later effects, however, the government's attempts at suppression must be said largely to have failed". The Queen published an official condemnation of the libel: "Her majesty [testifieth] in their conscience, before God, unto you, that their Highness not only knoweth in assured certainty, the libels and books against the said Earl, to be most malicious, false and slanderous, and such as none but the devil themselves could deem to be true". They offered an amnesty for anyone who handed in the book but threatened imprisonment for those found with it in their possession. Attempts to identify and suppress printing of it in France were unsuccessful, but imported copies were seized and Elizabeth managed to get King James VI of Scotland to impound copies. Nevertheless, handcopied versions of the book circulated widely.
Sir Philip Sidney wrote a defence of their uncle against the attacks in Leicester's Commonwealth and dismissed most of the charges as alehouse talk but instead concentrated on defending the noble lineage and character of their grandfather John Dudley, Duke of Northumberland and even rhetorically challenged the author to a duel. However, Sidney's reply remained unpublished. The work was eventually printed in Collins's "Sydney Papers" in 1746.
The book highly influenced Leicester's historical reputation, as later writers, from William Camden onward, relied heavily on it. It thus laid the foundation of a historiographical tradition that depicted them as the classical Machiavellian courtier and as the evil spirit of Elizabeth's court.
References
External links
Modern edition with critical apparatus: Leicester's Commonwealth: The Copy of a Letter Written by a Master of Art of Cambridge (1584) and Related Documents (ed. by D.C. Peck, Ohio University Press, 1985)
The printed edition of 1641: Leycesters common-wealth
1584 books
Early Modern English literature
Propaganda books and pamphlets
Andoni is the Basque adaptation of the given name Anthony in use in the Basque Country.
Andoni may also be as a Romanian-language surname (a variant of Andone) or among Albanians.
It may refer to:
Given name
Football players
Andoni Cedrún (born 1960), Spanish retired footballer
Andoni Goikoetxea (born 1956), Spanish international retired footballer
Andoni Iraola (born 1982), Spanish international footballer currently playing for New York City FC
Andoni Imaz (born 1971), Spanish retired footballer
Andoni Lakabeg (born 1969), Spanish retired footballer
Andoni López (born 1996), Spanish footballer
Andoni Murúa (born 1953), Spanish retired footballer
Andoni Zubizarreta (born 1961), Spanish international retired footballer
Bicycle racers
Andoni Aranaga
Andoni Lafuente
Middle name
Ion Andoni Goikoetxea (born 1965), Spanish international retired footballer
Jon Andoni García (born 1983), Spanish footballer currently playing for Deportivo Alavés
Last name
Fatjon Andoni (born 1991), Greek-born Albanian footballer
Ghassan Andoni (born 1956), Palestinian academic
See also
Andonis Michaelides, known as Mick Karn
Andonis
Andony Hernández
References
Basque masculine given names
The 2018 season for the cycling team will begin in January at the Tour Down Under. As a UCI WorldTeam, they will be automatically invited and obligated to send a squad to every event in the UCI World Tour.
Team roster
Riders who joined the team for the 2018 season
Riders who left the team during or after the 2017 season
Season victories
National, Continental and World champions 2018
Footnotes
References
AG2R-La Mondiale
AG2R Citroën Team
2018 in French sport
is a passenger railway station on the Minato Line in the city of Hitachinaka, Ibaraki, Japan, operated by the third-sector railway operator Hitachinaka Seaside Railway.
Lines
Hiraiso Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 10.8 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout
The station has a single side platform serving traffic in both directions. The station building is a portion of a local supermarket. The station was modernized in 2011 with toilets and wheelchair accessibility.
History
Hiraiso Station opened on 3 September 1924 as a station on the Minato Railway.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 144 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Hiraiso Post Office
Hiraiso swimming beach
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Hitachinaka Seaside Railway station information
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1924
Hitachinaka, Ibaraki
Giacomo Carafa (died 1664) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Rossano (1646–1664).
Biography
Giacomo Carafa was born in Naples, Italy and ordained a priest in June 1646.
On 18 Oct 1646, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent X as Archbishop of Rossano.
On 21 Oct 1646, they were consecrated bishop by Pier Luigi Carafa (seniore), Cardinal-Priest of Santi Silvestro e Martino ai Monti, with Alfonso Sacrati, Bishop Emeritus of Comacchio, and Ranuccio Scotti Douglas, Bishop of Borgo San Donnino, serving as co-consecrators.
They served as Archbishop of Rossano until their death on 7 Apr 1664.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in the Kingdom of Naples
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent X
1664 deaths
Gardiner is a hamlet (and a census-designated place) in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 950 at the 2010 census.
The community is near the center of the Town of Gardiner on routes 44 and 55.
Geography
Gardiner is located at (41.680114, -74.151143).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 3.8 square miles (9.9 km2). None of the area is covered with water.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 856 people, 342 households, and 234 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 223.8 per square mile (86.5/km2). There were 371 housing units at an average density of 97.0/sq mi (37.5/km2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.85% White, 0.23% Native American, 0.58% Asian, 0.12% Pacific Islander, 1.05% from other races, and 1.17% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.56% of the population.
There were 342 households, out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.6% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.3% were non-families. 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 23.7% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 32.6% from 25 to 44, 25.5% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.5 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $48,365, and the median income for a family was $49,808. Males had a median income of $35,583 versus $23,281 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $22,653. About 9.5% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.0% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.
References
Census-designated places in New York (state)
Shawangunks
Census-designated places in Ulster County, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Ulster County, New York
Goodenia coronopifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Goodeniaceae and is endemic to north-western Australia. It is a herb with mostly linear leaves, those at the base of the plant divided with narrow segments, racemes of yellow flowers with brownish-purple markings, and more or less spherical fruit.
Description
Goodenia coronopifolia is a prostrate or ascending, often glabrous herb with stems long. The leaves at the base of the plant are long and wide, linear to oblong and toothed or divided, but the leaves on the stem are linear with smooth edges. The flowers are arranged in racemes up to long with leaf-like bracts at the base, each flower on a pedicel long. The sepals are lance-shaped to oblong, long and the petals yellow with brownish-purple marking and long. The lower lobes of the corolla are long with wings about wide. Flowering mainly occurs from May to October and the fruit is a more or less spherical capsule about in diameter.
Taxonomy and naming
Goodenia coronopifolia was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen. The specific epithet (coronopifolia) means "Coronopus-leaved".
Distribution
This goodenia grows in northern parts of the Northern Territory and Western Australia.
Conservation status
Goodenia coerulea is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife and as of "least concern" under the Northern Territory Government Territory Parks and Wildlife Conservation Act 1976.
References
coronopifolia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Flora of the Northern Territory
Plants described in 1810
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
The brown-capped tyrannulet (Ornithion brunneicapillus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Panama, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
brown-capped tyrannulet
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
brown-capped tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chabanais (; ) is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Geography
The river Vienne passes through Chabanais. The village is located in the Rochechouart impact structure. The ancient asteroid impact crater associated with it has eroded away and is no longer visible. Located in the heart of the Charente, Chabanais is 42 km west of Limoges, 50 km northeast of Angoulême, 77 km north of Périgueux and 84 km southeast of Poitiers.
The town is small enough to be considered a large village and it boasts an open-air market every Thursday, adding to a number of smalls, privately owned shops. The town has a rail station connecting with Limoges to the east and Angoulême to the west.
History
Chabanais was struck by an F2 tornado on 5 May 1997. In the summer of 2018, the town centre and some surrounding hamlets were struck by a devastating hailstorm which punctured many roofs on buildings and destroyed hundreds of car windscreens and bodywork.
Population
See also
Communes of the Charente department
References
Communes of Charente
Charente communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
The 2015 BB&T Atlanta Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the 28th edition of the tournament, and part of the 2015 ATP World Tour and the 2015 US Open Series. It took place at Atlantic Station in Atlanta, United States between July 27 and August 2, 2015. It was the first men's event of the 2015 US Open Series.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 20, 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Christopher Eubanks
Ryan Harrison
Frances Tiafoe
The following player received entry as a special exempt:
Michael Berrer
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Somdev Devvarman
Jared Donaldson
Austin Krajicek
Denis Kudla
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Kevin Anderson →replaced by Go Soeda
Chung Hyeon →replaced by Dudi Sela
Janko Tipsarević →replaced by Ričardas Berankis
Retirements
Michael Berrer
ATP doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 20, 2015
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Christopher Eubanks / Donald Young
Mardy Fish / Andy Roddick
Finals
Singles
John Isner defeated Marcos Baghdatis, 6–3, 6–3
6–3, 6–3
Doubles
Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan defeated Colin Fleming / Gilles Müller, 4–6, 7–6(7–2), [10–4]
References
External links
2015 ATP World Tour
2015
July 2015 sports events in the United States
August 2015 sports events in the United States
2015 in sports in Georgia (U.S. state)
2015 in Atlanta
James Carme DuPlessis (born November 19, 1969) is a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives as well as an engineer working for ChemTreat Inc. DuPlessis unseated longtime representative, Jimmie Lee, in the 2014 election and was re-elected in 2016.
Early life
Jim DuPlessis was born to John and Kitty DuPlessis in Elizabethtown, Kentucky, on November 19, 1969. They were the youngest of five siblings. DuPlessis graduated from Elizabethown High School, then spent two years at Elizabethtown Community College in a pre-engineering pathway. They then attended the University of Kentucky and graduated with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering.
Personal life
DuPlessis met their wife to be, Marcy Duvall, at Elizabethtown Community College. They went on to get married the summer of 1993. Upon graduation, DuPlessis was hired by Nalco Chemical Company, where spent time in both Chicago and Houston. Two of their three children, James Jr. and Kate, were born in Houston before Nalco transferred DuPlessis back to their home town of Elizabethtown in 1998. DuPlessis' third daughter, Victoria, was born in Elizabethtown in 2001.
In 2007 they were made a deacon of their church, Severns Valley Baptist. They had been actively teaching Sunday School and other ministries prior to being named a deacon. They continue to serve at that church, where they enjoy doing overseas mission trips. They started Boy Scout Troop 604 at this church in 2008, where they served as scoutmaster.
Elections
2014: DuPlessis beat 22-year incumbent Democrat, Jimmie Lee, in the general election 50.9% to 49.1
2016: DuPlessis beat Democratic challenger, Michael Dile, in the general election 72.4% to 26.6%
Bills
In the 2016 DuPlessis filed a bill to eliminate the look back period for first offense DUI convictions. This essentially means that, if passed, anyone convicted of multiple DUI's in their lifetime could not go back to a first offense penalty.
References
1969 births
Living people
Members of the Kentucky House of Representatives
Kentucky Republicans
21st-century American politicians
The Disciplines are a garage rock band from Oslo, Norway, led by singer Ken Stringfellow (The Posies, R.E.M. and Big Star).
Discography
Albums
Smoking Kills (2009), Voices of Wonder (Norway/DK), Weekender (UK), 2Fer-PIAS(Spain), Second Motion (USA), S'Music (South America), Spark & Shine (Germany/A/CH) and V2 Records (Benelux)
Virgins of Menace (2011), Rock's My Ass Records www.rocksmyassrecords.com (France), SPARK & SHiNE (north america/germany/nl),Tin Robot (uk/ireland), Naked Man (spain/portugal) VOW (norway/dk), Other Tongues (nz/australia)
Singles
'"Fate's a Strong Bitch (feat Lydia Lunch)"/"Urbane Problemer" (Kjøtt cover) 7" single
"Best Mistake"/"No Vacancy" 7" single
"Yours for the Taking" 7" single
"There's a Law" 7" single
References
External links
Label website
Garage rock groups
Norwegian musical groups
Musical groups established in 2005
Musical quartets
Second Motion Records artists
V2 Records artists
Léon A. Hofkens (13 October 1894 – 9 January 1972) was a Belgian colonial administrator. They were governor of Lusambo / Kasaï in the Belgian Congo from 1945 to 1948.
Life
Léon Hofkens was born in Brussels, Belgium, on 13 October 1894.
They obtained a normal school diploma, and worked for six years as a teacher in Brussels.
In July 1920 they joined the territorial service in the Belgian Congo.
Hofkens' first assignment was as a territorial agent in the territory of Lodja, Sankuru District.
During their second term they were a territorial administrator of Lusambo, then of Dimbelenge, a new territory that they were responsible for organizing.
In 1927 they were made deputy district commissioner of Sankuru.
From 1931 to 1933 they were deputy district commissioner of Bas-Congo District, then from 1934 to 1941 titular district commissioner of Bas-Congo.
At the start of World War II (1939-1945), in the second half of 1939 the administration was concerned about the politico-religious Mission des Noirs (Mission of the Blacks) movement, associated with Kimbanguism and the Salvation Army.
On 5 December 1939 Marcel Maquet wrote to governor general Pierre Ryckmans opposing measures of clemency to Kimbanguists who renounced that movement, then returned to it.
On 10 December 1939 Hofkens gave secret instructions to administrators in Bas-Congo in which they confirmed that they thoughr the Mission des Noirs was xenophic and subversive, but proposed that the natives who followed the movement should not be seen as vulgar delinquents, but as being engaged in a dangerous adventure. Persuasion was the way to bring them to their senses, rather than repression.
They proposed that repeat offenders be subject to relatively small fines or penal servitude, proportional to the offense, and the leader of a village or organizer of a meeting should be punished rather than all the people.
Hofkens' 7th term started in 1941, when they were appointed provincial commissioner of Sankuru, holding office until 1943.
In 1945 the districts of Kasai (capital at Luebo), Sankuru (capital at Lusambo) and Lomami (capital at Kabinda) were reorganized in the Kasaï Province, with its capital at Luluabourg.
Hofkens was appointed governor of Lusambo Province on 21 September 1945.
They replaced René P. Preys.
In 1947 the name of the province was changed to Kasaï Province.
Hofkens held office until 19 July 1948.
They were replaced by Firmin Peigneux.
Hofkens was made a member of the Royal Order of the Lion on 8 April 1947.
On 20 August 1949 Leon-A.-F. Hofkens, honorary provincial governor, was promoted to the rank of commander of the order.
Hofkens died in Taintignies, Hainaut, Belgium, on 9 January 1972.
Notes
Sources
1894 births
1972 deaths
People from Hainaut (province)
Governors of Kasaï (former province)
Governors of provinces of the Belgian Congo
Schoutedeniastes is a genus of "jewel beetles" in the subfamily Polycestinae, containing the following species:
Schoutedeniastes amabilis (Laporte & Gory, 1835)
Schoutedeniastes apicata (Waterhouse, 1882)
Schoutedeniastes birmanica (Thery, 1947)
Schoutedeniastes duaulti Baudon, 1962
Schoutedeniastes hatai (Ohmomo & Akiyama, 1994)
Schoutedeniastes heiroglyphica (Thery, 1904)
Schoutedeniastes igorrota (Heller, 1891)
Schoutedeniastes magnifica (Waterhouse, 1875)
Schoutedeniastes ohkurai (Akiyama & Ohmomo, 1992)
Schoutedeniastes vitalisi (Bourgoin, 1922)
References
Buprestidae genera
Naranjipur railway station is a small railway station in Dewas district, Madhya Pradesh. Its code is NRGR.
Background
It serves Naranjipur village. The station consists of one platform.
References
External links
Railway stations in Dewas district
Ratlam railway division
Lower Daintree is a coastal locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , Lower Daintree had a population of 98 people.
Geography
The Daintree River forms the northern boundary, and the Coral Sea the eastern.
Road infrastructure
The Mossman Daintree Road runs through from south to north-west.
References
Shire of Douglas
Coastline of Queensland
Localities in Queensland
Jorge Alonso (born 26 July 1958) is a Spanish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1958 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Barcelona
The grey-capped tyrannulet (Phyllomyias griseocapilla) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
grey-capped tyrannulet
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
grey-capped tyrannulet
grey-capped tyrannulet]
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Muncie Central High School (MCHS) in Muncie, Indiana is a public high school. As of the 2013–14 school year, it had 913 students. Opened in 1868, the school is today part of the Muncie Community Schools Corp.
History
Opened in 1868, Muncie High School produced a first graduating class of six students. In 1881, the school was renamed Muncie Central High School, and in 1915 it moved to a four-story building on South High Street in Muncie. In the early 1920s, it was one of Indiana's first schools to adopt a mascot.
In 1974, the school moved to its present location on Walnut Street in downtown Muncie. The school was originally open concept with almost no interior walls, but it has since been remodeled to a traditional format.
After the 2013–2014 school year, Muncie Central merged with Muncie Southside High School to form one high school.
In November 2021, students at Muncie Central organized Black Lives Matter protests, held outside of the school. The controversy began after police officers working at the school were offended by a pro-BLM poster, created by a 16-year old student for a school project and hung in the hallway by a teacher. School administrators sided with the officers and took down the poster. The decision was viewed by students as a violation of their freedom of speech. The protests made Muncie Central cancel several in-person school days. The protests at Muncie Central gained nationwide media attention.
Athletics
The Muncie boys team won the Indiana High School Boys Basketball Tournament (IHSAA) in 1928, 1931, 1951, 1952, 1963, 1978, 1979 and 1988. The boys team won the IHSAA cross-country tournament in 1956, 1958 and 1967. The girls volleyball team won the state tournament in 1998, 1999, 2000, 2003, 2005 and 2010.
Notable alumni
Mary Jane Croft: American actor best known for their roles as Betty Ramsey on I Love Lucy, Ms. Daisy Enright on Our Miss Brooks, Mary Jane Lewis on The Lucy Show and Here's Lucy, and Clara Randolph on The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet.
Ron Bonham: basketball player, 1960 Indiana Mr. Basketball, 2-time NCAA national champion with University of Cincinnati, drafted by Boston Celtics in 1964, 2-time NBA champion
Jim Davis: basketball player for University of Colorado, selected 27th overall in 1964 NBA Draft, played for Atlanta Hawks, Houston Rockets and Detroit Pistons.
Ryan Kerrigan: linebacker for NFL's Washington Redskins, former Muncie Central and Purdue standout, selected 16th by Washington in 2011 NFL Draft
William "Pete" Lee: Super Heavyweight Greco-Roman wrestler in 1976 Summer Olympics, placed 5th
Ray McCallum: two-time state basketball champion at Muncie Central; one of only two retired basketball jerseys for Ball State; selected by Indiana Pacers in 1983 NBA draft; head basketball coach of University of Detroit 2008-16
Bonzi Wells: basketball player for NBA's Portland Trail Blazers, Memphis Grizzlies, Sacramento Kings, Houston Rockets and New Orleans Hornets
See also
List of high schools in Indiana
References
External links
Muncie Community Schools High School Consolidation Records Archives and Special Collections, Ball State University Libraries (PDF)
Muncie High School Consolidation Oral History Project Digital Media Repository, Ball State University Libraries
Educational institutions established in 1868
Public high schools in Indiana
Schools in Delaware County, Indiana
Buildings and structures in Muncie, Indiana
Education in Muncie, Indiana
1868 establishments in Indiana
The Man versus Horse Marathon is an annual race over , where runners compete against riders on horseback through a mix of road, trail and mountainous terrain. The race, which is a shorter distance than an official marathon road race, takes place in the Welsh town of Llanwrtyd Wells every June. There are other Man versus Horse races — in Scotland based at Dores, near Loch Ness, in Central North Island, New Zealand and in Prescott, Arizona.
History
The event started in 1980, when local landlord Gordon Green overheard a discussion between two men in their pub, the Neuadd Arms. One man suggested that over a significant distance across country, man was equal to any horse. Green decided that the challenge should be tested in full public view, and organised the first event.
The first woman to run the race was Ann King in 1981. In 1982, the route of the course was amended slightly to give a more even match between the competitors. The course is slightly shorter than a traditional marathon at a reported 22 miles, but over rougher terrain. In 1985, cyclists were allowed to compete too – and that year, U.S. ladies' champion cyclist Jacquie Phelan narrowly lost to the first horse. In 1989, British cyclist Tim Gould beat the first horse by three minutes – the first time that a horse was beaten by a human in the race.
In 2004, the 25th race was won by Huw Lobb in 2 hours, 5 minutes and 19 seconds. It was the first time that a man racing on foot has won the race, thereby winning the prize fund of £25,000, which had been growing by £1,000 each year from the race's inception until claimed by a winning runner. The year's race also saw the highest ever number of competitors; 500 runners and 40 horses. The feat was repeated in 2007, when human competitors outpaced the first equine competitor by up to 11 minutes.
The 2009 race was marred by controversy when the organizers deducted time spent in the 'vet checks' from the horse times in addition to the 15 minutes for the delayed start of the horses. The deduction of this additional time enabled the horse to triumph by 8 minutes, instead of being defeated by 2. Whilst the organizers at the time claimed that the time spent in the vet check (which is not accurately monitored on a horse-by-horse basis) had always been deducted, this had not occurred in previous years. The fastest runner, Martin Cox, refused to accept the winner's trophy in protest at the decision. Following protests from other competitors, the organizers reverted to the previously followed rules of only deducting 15 minutes for the 2010 edition of the race. However, despite Haggai Chepkwony running the fastest time since Huw Lobb's record-breaking effort in 2004, a horse triumphed by 10 minutes. 2011 featured a number of very good riders and horses competing, and the wet track conditions favored horses over runners, but some very good times were recorded by the front runners. The winning rider was Beti Gordon riding Next in Line at Grangeway, while the top runner was Charlie Pearson from London.
2012 saw the return of Huw Lobb, the runner who first beat the horse and landed £25,000 as a bonus. Their winning time was, however, considerably down on their winning time from 2004. Coming third in the Cork Marathon just five days earlier may have contributed to their running slower than perhaps they might have been able to. In 2013, extensive forestry works meant the organizers had to modify the route considerably, resulting in a course of nearly 24 miles, instead of the usual route of just under 21 miles. Despite a very hot day, the longer and hillier course favoured the horses, with 2011 winner Beti Gordon comfortably beating the first man, Hugh Aggleton.
The 2013 race attracted an entry of 65 horses, with 44 completing the course, enabling it to lay claim to being "the world's largest horse race". Following a number of criticisms of the extended course in 2013 and 2014, the course for 2015 was shortened back towards 21 miles. This provided a more even match between man and equine, with Geoffrey Allen on Leo emerging victorious by just over 10 minutes from Hugh Aggleton. It was Allen's 4th outright win, and their 5th time as first horseman, having been beaten by Florian Holzinger in 2007.
Winners
Note that the times are not necessarily comparable from year to year due to changes of the rules and the course layout.
References
External links
Official Site
Marathons in the United Kingdom
Sports competitions in Wales
Recurring sporting events established in 1980
Llanwrtyd Wells
Summer events in Wales
Novelty running
Venice () is an unincorporated community in northwestern Sevier County, Utah, United States.
Description
Venice is a small farming village approximately northeast of Richfield, the county seat. It lies just southeast of State Route 118 (formerly U.S. Route 89) and north of State Route 119. The town of Glenwood (of which Venice is an outgrowth) is some to the southeast, and Sigurd is about northeast. The area considered Venice is approximately bisected by the Sevier River, which runs roughly northeast through the community. To the east is a rocky hill on the edge of the Sevier Plateau known as the Black Knoll, marked with a hillside letter V ().
The community was named after Venice, Italy.
History
The first settler in the Venice area was Francis George Wall, an early resident of Glenwood. In 1875, Wall bought an tract of land, then called the Cove River Ranch, on the south side of the Sevier River. They built a cabin and moved their family from Manti. As other settlers moved in, the settlement was named Wallsville.
One of the most important structures in town was the bridge across the Sevier River. The first such bridge was built as early as 1885. A log meetinghouse was built in Wallsville in 1887, and used for both school and church meetings. A post office was established in the local general store in 1894, and in 1900, a ward of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was organized. Residents voted to rename their community "Venice".
In 1900, a white brick schoolhouse was built. This school operated until 1924, when the school district built a new building in Venice, and the old building was sold to the LDS Church. This building, with numerous additions over the years, served as the ward meetinghouse until it was torn down in 1984. The school was closed in 1950, but still stands as a Venice landmark.
The Marysvale Branch of the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad was formerly the most important transportation corridor in the area. It ran through the northwestern corner of Venice, transporting farm products as well as passengers. The railroad line was closed down after the 1983 landslide at Thistle.
Economy
Farming has always been a way of life in Venice. Through the first half of the 20th century, during the heyday of the Utah-Idaho Sugar Company, sugar beets were a major cash crop. Early on, farmers shipped their beets to the sugar factory in nearby Elsinore. That plant closed in 1928, and the beets started going to the plant to the north in Centerfield. Each time a sugar factory was closed, Venice farmers had to send their crop further and further north, at greater shipping expense. Next came the factory in West Jordan, and finally Garland, in the extreme north of Utah. The last little sugar beet farmers in Venice exited the business in 1976.
Raising livestock is still very important to the community. Area farmers raise cattle, sheep, and poultry. In the 1960s, Venice farmers organized an agricultural cooperative called the Venice Feed & Cattle Company to process feed and market crops and livestock.
Education
Students from Venice have always gone to high school in Richfield. Since the 1950 closure of the Venice School, younger students have attended Richfield schools as well.
See also
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Sevier County, Utah
Unincorporated communities in Utah
Ìsèdó (Ìsẹ̀dó or Ìsẹ̀dó-Olúmọ̀) is an ancient Igbomina kingdom in northeastern Yorubaland of Nigeria. Ìsẹ̀dó was founded as a new city-state several centuries ago (between 1250 to 1400) by Ọba'lumọ, a Prince of the ancient Oba civilization (whose name or appellation is contracted from "Ọba Olumọ" meaning "knowledgeable king", or "king of the lords of knowledge"). Ìsẹ̀dó is fully known and called "Ìsẹ̀dó-Olúmọ̀" using its founder-king's name as an identifier suffix. Ọba'lumọ, emigrated from the ancient Ọ̀bà civilization in northeastern Yorubaland.
Foundation and development
Obalumo, a prince of the Oba civilization, and a veteran hunter and warrior, founded Ìsẹ̀dó, their new city-state in one of the areas of their frequent hunting expeditions.
Recent archaeological research results (and published works of oral history experts, anthropologists and archaeologists of the Arizona State University, USA and the University of Ibadan, Nigeria); of the region's contemporary and later settlements suggest that Ìsẹ̀dó was founded between the 10th and the 12th centuries by Ọ̀bà refugees probably fleeing from both internal dissension in their Òbà kingdom and the cyclic conflicts of their Ọ̀bà kingdom with the neighbouring kingdoms, perhaps including the Nupe to the north.
At its zenith towards the end of the 15th century, Ìsèdó had grown into a city-state of 13 clans, some of which were later "consolidants" into the Obalumo's kingdom at Ìsèdó and were not of the ancient Oba origin.
New arrivals
Some oral-historians indicate that at the request of an arriving faction from Ila-Yara, the city-state founded by Òràngún, Oduduwa's fourth son, the region's king, Ọba'lúmọ̀ gave land-grants to the new arrivals at a location thought to be sufficiently distant from Ìsẹ̀dó's location. Another version of the oral history, which seems more reliable, indicates that the land-grant occurred a few centuries later, when the faction of the younger of two quarreling princes arrived in the vicinity of the Ọba'lúmọ̀'s Ìsèdó kingdom, from the schism at their old kingdom at Ìlá Yàrà. Arutu Oluokun, the youngest of the feuding princes, founded a settlement at the Ila-Magbon, but the new kingdom moved within a short time to found another city called Ila-Odo closer to Isedo, which subsists as the modern Ìlá Òràngún.
Consolidation and accommodation
An annual celebration called "Ìmárúgbó" (or "Òkùnrìn") festival was instituted between the two city-states during which the King Ọ̀ràngún leaves their palace with their chiefs to pay a day-long homage to their primogenitor, the King Ọba'lúmọ̀ in their (the Ọba'lúmọ̀'s) palace. This is in symbolic tribute to Ọba'lúmọ̀'s land grant and precedence of them in the region, in appreciation of Ọba'lúmọ̀'s hosting of the Òràngún's elderly mother who could not continue with the immigrant party to the location of their allocated land. The Ọ̀ràngún's mother died in the palace of the Ọba'lúmọ̀ and was buried at Ìsèdó. So the Ọ̀ràngún also visits their grave as part of this festival.
While it has maintained the royal title of Oba'lúmò, the kingdom of Ìsẹ̀dó has in modern times been virtually engulfed by the present-day Ila Ọrangun such that the old Isedo township now lies (at ), in the southeast quadrant of Ila Orangun. In Oke-Ila, the oratures of the Ọbaálá clan refer to their origin from Ìsèdó, indicating that they are actually a segment of the Ìsẹ̀dó royalty which emigrated several centuries ago to an alliance with Apakiimo, the last Orangun at Ila Yara kingdom to found their (Orangun's) new kingdom now known as Oke-Ila.
In this five-centuries-old quasi-consolidation treaty to help found with the new Oke-Ila Orangun state, the Ìsẹ̀dó immigrants "of the hilltop" (Isedo Oke or Isedo Ori Oke)were retained their royal title of Ọba'lúmọ̀, and subsequently were accorded a new recognition (possibly for their foremost contribution to the establishment of the new kingdom), awarding their clan the title of Ọbaálá ("mighty king" or "senior king"), a title next in rank to the Ọ̀ràngún of Oke-Ila the paramount king. The Ọbaálá is also designated as the automatic regent upon the demise of any reigning Ọ̀ràngún.
Heritage and diaspora
The Ìsẹ̀dó clans retain references in their oratures to their ancestry from Ìsẹ̀dó and the ancient Ọ̀bà kingdom, and citing their descent from King Ọba'lúmọ̀ of Ìsẹ̀dó and King Olunlakin of Ọ̀bà as well as nostalgically referring to themselves as "children of the great wealth" of Ọ̀bà.
Other examples of Igbomina and non-Igbomina towns (in Kwara and Ọṣun states of Nigeria) with large concentrations of Ọ̀bà people, now commonly called 'The Ọ̀bà Diaspora', include the following: Oke-Ila Ọrangun, Ila Ọrangun, Ọra-Igbomina, Ipoti-Ekiti, Isanlu-Isin, Oke-Onigbin, Omu-Aran, Rorẹ, Ọyan, Inisha, Ipee, Oke-Ode, Babanla, Ajasẹ-Ipo, Omupo, Esiẹ, Oro, Ijomu-Oro, Iddo-Oro, Idofin, Ado-Eku, Oreke, Sanmora, and Pamo.
The Ìsẹ̀dó clans appear to be the earliest surviving [but perhaps not the only] group in 'The Ọ̀bà Diaspora' that purposefully set out and founded a surviving kingdom ruled by the king Ọba'lumọ. Subsequent Ọ̀bà-derivative kingdoms and diasporas appear to have resulted solely from refugee flights from wars and slave raids. Ìsẹ̀dó communities resulting from the diaspora of such wars exist in Ipoti-Ekiti, and other Igbomina and Ekiti towns as well as Omido (Kwara State) and other towns in Kwara State.
Isedo and Oba diaspora tourism
The legends of origin and of emigrations of the Isedo from Oba has been a major effort of Their Royal Highness, Dr. Olúfẹ́mi Ọládàpọ̀ Babalọlá. They have also been active since 2004 in promoting tourism (heritage tourism/cultural tourism and geo-tourism), and planning tourist expeditions to include the various Isedo and Oba heritage sites which they themselves visited, and physiographic features and cultural performances/traditional occupations of the Igbomina-Yoruba and adjoining Yoruba areas. They have led various special tours to the various old sites, ruins and existing towns and historical places of Yorubaland, especially of the Igbomina-Yoruba region, verifying oral history and oral poetry of various clans and ancient kingdoms.
References
Ila kingdom
Nigerian traditional states
Yoruba history
An app store (or app marketplace) is a type of digital distribution platform for computer software called applications, often in a mobile context. Apps provide a specific set of functions which, by definition, do not include the running of the computer itself. Complex software designed for use on a personal computer, for example, may have a related app designed for use on a mobile device. Today apps are normally designed to run on a specific operating system—such as the contemporary iOS, macOS, Windows or Android—but in the past mobile carriers had their own portals for apps and related media content.
Basic concept
An app store is any digital storefront intended to allow search and review of software titles or other media offered for sale electronically. Critically, the application storefront itself provides a secure, uniform experience that automates the electronic purchase, decryption and installation of software applications or other digital media.
App stores typically organize the apps they offer based on: the function(s) provided by the app (including games, multimedia or productivity), the device for which the app was designed, and the operating system on which the app will run.
App stores typically take the form of an online store, where users can browse through these different app categories, view information about each app (such as reviews or ratings), and acquire the app (including app purchase, if necessary – many apps are offered at no cost). The selected app is offered as an automatic download, after which the app installs. Some app stores may also include a system to automatically remove an installed program from devices under certain conditions, with the goal of protecting the user against malicious software.
App stores typically provide a way for users to give reviews and ratings. Those reviews are useful for other users, for developers and for app store owners. Users can select the best apps based on ratings, developers get feedback on what features are praised or disliked, and finally, app store owners can detect bad apps and malicious developers by automatically analyzing the reviews with data mining techniques.
Many app stores are curated by their owners, requiring that submissions of prospective apps go through an approval process. These apps are inspected for compliance with certain guidelines (such as those for quality control and censorship), including the requirement that a commission be collected on each sale of a paid app. Some app stores provide feedback to developers: number of installations, issues in the field (latency, crash, etc.).
Researchers have proposed new features for app stores. For instance, the app store can deliver a unique diversified version of the app for sake of security. The app store can also orchestrate monitoring and bug fixing to detect and repair crashes in applications.
History
Precursors
The Electronic AppWrapper was the first commercial electronic software distribution catalog to collectively manage encryption and provide digital rights for apps and digital media (issue #3 was the app store originally demonstrated to Steve Jobs at NeXTWorld EXPO). While a Senior Editor at NeXTWORLD Magazine, Simson Garfinkel, rated The Electronic AppWrapper 4 3/4 Cubes (out of 5), in their formal review. Paget's Electronic AppWrapper was named a finalist in the highly competitive InVision Multimedia '93 awards in January, 1993 and won the Best of Breed award for Content and Information at NeXTWORLD Expo in May, 1993.
Prior to the Electronic AppWrapper which first shipped in 1992 people were used to software distributed via floppy disks or CD-ROMs, one could even download software using a web browser or command-line tools. Many Linux distributions and other Unix-like systems provide a tool known as a package manager, which allows a user to automatically manage the software installed on their systems (including both operating system components and third-party software) using command line toolsnew software (and the packages required for its proper operation) can be retrieved from local or remote mirrors and automatically installed in a single process. Notable package managers in Unix-like operating systems have included FreeBSD Ports (1994), pkgsrc (1997), Debian's APT (1998), YUM, and Gentoo's Portage (which unlike most package managers, distributes packages containing source code that is automatically compiled instead of executables). Some package managers have graphical front-end software which can be used to browse available packages and perform operations, such as Synaptic (which is often used as a front-end for APT).
In 1996, the SUSE Linux distribution has YaST as frontend for its own app repository. Mandriva Linux has urpmi with GUI frontend called Rpmdrake. Fedora and Red Hat Enterprise Linux has YUM in 2003 as a successor of YUP (developed at Duke University for Red Hat Linux).
In 1997, BeDepot a third-party app store and package manager (Software Valet) for BeOS was launched, which operated until 2001. It was eventually acquired by Be Inc. BeDepot allowed for both commercial and free apps as well as handling updates
In 1998, Information Technologies India Ltd (ITIL) launched Palmix, a web based app store exclusively for mobile and handheld devices. Palmix sold apps for the three major PDA platforms of the time: the Palm OS based Palm Pilots, Windows CE based devices, and Psion Epoc handhelds.
In 1999, NTT DoCoMo launched i-mode, the first integrated online app store for mobile phones, gaining nationwide popularity in Japanese mobile phone culture. DoCoMo used a revenue-sharing business model, allowing content creators and app providers to keep up to 91% of revenue. Other operators outside Japan also made their own portals after this, such as Vodafone live! in 2002. At this time mobile phone manufacturer Nokia also introduced carrier-free downloadable content with Club Nokia.
In December 2001, Sprint PCS launched the Ringers & More Wireless Download Service for their then-new 3G wireless network. This allowed subscribers to the Sprint PCS mobile phone network to download ringtones, wallpaper, J2ME applications and later full music tracks to certain phones. The user interface worked through a web browser on the desktop computer, and a version was available through the handset.
In 2002, the commercial Linux distribution Linspire (then known as LindowsOSwhich was founded by Michael Robertson, founder of MP3.com) introduced an app store known as Click'N'Run (CNR). For an annual subscription fee, users could perform one-click installation of free and paid apps through the CNR software. Doc Searls believed that the ease-of-use of CNR could help make desktop Linux a feasible reality.
Smartphone app stores
In September 2003 Danger Inc. released an over-the-air update for T-Mobile Sidekick devices which included a new catalog application called Download Fun, also known as the Catalog or Premium Download Manager(PDM). This was one of the first notable app stores on a smartphone with a framework similar to what we see today with the Apple App Store. The Download Fun catalog allowed users to download ringtones and applications directly to their device and be billed through their wireless carrier. Third party developers could develop native Java based applications using Danger's free SDK and submit them for distribution in the Catalog.
In October 2003 Handango introduced an on-device app store for finding, installing and buying software for Sony Ericsson P800 and P900 devices. App download and purchasing are completed directly on the device so sync with a computer is not necessary. Description, rating and screenshot are available for any app.
In 2006 Nokia introduced Nokia Catalogs, later known as Nokia Download!, for Symbian smartphones which had access to downloadable apps—originally via third-parties like Handango or Jamba! but from mid-2006 Nokia were offering their own content via the Nokia Content Discoverer.
Apple released iPhone OS 2.0 in July 2008 for the iPhone, together with the App Store, officially introducing third-party app development and distribution to the platform. The service allows users to purchase and download new apps for their device through either the App Store on the device, or through the iTunes Store on the iTunes desktop software. While Apple has been criticized by some for how it operates the App Store, it has been a major financial success for the company. The popularity of Apple's App Store led to the rise of the generic term "app store", as well as the introduction of equivalent marketplaces by competing mobile operating systems: the Android Market (later renamed to Google Play) launched alongside the release of the first Android smartphone (the HTC Dream) in September 2008, BlackBerry's App World launched in April 2009, as well as Nokia's Ovi Store and Microsoft's Windows Marketplace for Mobile both launching that year.
Other app stores
The popular Linux distribution Ubuntu (also based on Debian) introduced its own graphical software manager known as the Ubuntu Software Center on version 9.10 as a replacement for Synaptic. On Ubuntu 10.10, released in October 2010, the Software Center expanded beyond only offering existing software from its repositories by adding the ability to purchase certain apps (which, at launch, was limited to Fluendo's licensed DVD codecs).
"App Store" trademark
Due to its popularity, the term "app store" (first used by the Electronic AppWrapper and later popularized by Apple's App Store for iOS devices) has frequently been used as a generic trademark to refer to other distribution platforms of a similar nature. Apple asserted trademark claims over the phrase, and filed a trademark registration for "App Store" in 2008. In 2011, Apple sued both Amazon.com (which runs the Amazon Appstore for Android-based devices) and GetJar (who has offered its services since 2004) for trademark infringement and false advertising regarding the use of the term "app store" to refer to their services. Microsoft filed multiple objections against Apple's attempt to register the name as a trademark, considering it to already be a generic term.
In January 2013, a United States district court rejected Apple's trademark claims against Amazon. The judge ruled that Apple had presented no evidence that Amazon had attempted "to mimic Apple's site or advertising" or communicated that its service "possesses the characteristics and qualities that the public has come to expect from the Apple APP STORE and/or Apple products". In July 2013, Apple dropped its case.
See also
Software repository
Electronic commerce
Digital distribution in video games
Comparison of mobile operating systems
App store optimization
List of Android app stores
List of mobile app distribution platforms
App Store (iOS/iPadOS), iOS app approvals
Cydia
Google Play
Amazon Appstore
Aptoide
Cafe Bazaar
F-Droid
GetJar
Huawei AppGallery
Itch.io
Opera Mobile Store
MiKandi
XDA Labs
Microsoft Store
Desktop software distribution platforms
AppStream
Chrome Web Store
GNOME Software
Mac App Store, Apple TV App Store
Microsoft Store
Setapp
Steam
References
Brands that became generic
Software distribution platforms
Bauria is a Bhil language of India.
Bauria, Wagdi, and Vaghri are variants of the same name. It's not clear how many languages they are.
References
Languages of India
Bhil
The West Pier is a ruined pier in Brighton, England. It was designed by Eugenius Birch and opened in 1866. It was the first pier to be Grade I listed in England and Wales but has become increasingly derelict since its closure to the public in 1975. only a partial metal framework remains.
The pier was constructed during a boom in pleasure pier building in the 1860s, and was designed to attract tourists to Brighton. It was the town's second pier, joining the Royal Suspension Chain Pier that opened in 1823. The West Pier was extended in 1893, and a concert hall was added in 1916. The pier reached its peak attendance at this time, with 2 million visitors between 1918 and 1919. Its popularity began to decline after World War II, and concerts were replaced by a funfair and tearoom. A local company took over ownership of the pier in 1965, but could not meet the increasing costs of maintenance and filed for bankruptcy.
The pier closed to the public in 1975 and fell into disrepair and gradually collapsed. Major sections fell into the sea during storms in late 2002, and two separate fires, both thought to be arson, in March and May 2003 destroyed most of the remaining structure, leading to English Heritage declaring it beyond repair. Some structured demolition took place in 2010 to make way for the i360 observation tower; further structural damage from storms has occurred since.
The West Pier Trust owns the remains and has proposed various renovation plans. Some schemes have been opposed by local residents and the owners of the nearby Palace Pier, claiming unfair competition.
History
19th century
The West Pier was constructed during a boom in pleasure pier building in the 1860s, during which 22 new piers were erected across Britain. It was designed by architect Eugenius Birch as a place for seaside visitors to enjoy fresh sea air. Some wealthy residents in the nearby Regency Square objected to construction, complaining that the planned toll houses at the entrance would spoil the view of the sea from their homes. It was felt that the pier would have a positive effect on property values in the town, so the pier was approved. Construction began in 1863 and the pier opened to the public on 6 October 1866.
The pier's length was with a width of at the pierhead. It was built with cast iron threaded columns screwed into the seabed. The superstructure's ironwork was manufactured by Robert Laidlaw, featuring an "oriental" style. By the opening, the pier was fitted with gas lamps with ornamental serpent designs, which had been directly influenced by similar examples inside the nearby Royal Pavilion. The pier had ornamental houses, two toll houses and glass screens at the pierhead to protect visitors from the weather. A New Scientist report covering Britain's piers called the pier Birch's "masterpiece".
In 1893, the pierhead was extended under the supervision of Birch's nephew, Peregrine, who added a pavilion with a capacity for 1,400 people. After the Royal Suspension Chain Pier was demolished following a storm in 1896, the West Pier became the only one on Brighton's seafront until the construction of the Palace Pier.
20th century
In April 1900, seven sailors from HMS Desperate drowned in bad weather as they approached the pier.
By the early 20th century, the earlier priority of good sea air on the pier had been replaced with a desire for public entertainment. The pier reached record levels of attendance in the early 20th century, attracting around 1.5 million visitors between 1910 and 1911. Attendance fell due to the onset of World War I, but increased afterwards, with around 2 million people visiting between 1918 and 1919.
Competition with the Palace Pier led to a new concert hall, designed by local architects Clayton & Black. The 19th-century bandstand was demolished between 1914 and 1916. It was replaced by an eight-sided grand concert hall, constructed from cast-iron arches. It opened on 20 April 1916 with a concert by the King's Royal Rifles silver band, made up of war veterans.
The concert hall had an in-house orchestra by November, and ticket sales for concerts accounted for 43% of the pier's revenue by 1920. The West Pier was favoured by locals, while the Palace Pier was used more by day trippers. A top-deck entrance was added to the hall in 1932. The pier's central decking was removed during World War II to prevent enemy landings, and its popularity began to decline. On 26 November 1944, a Royal Air Force Hawker Typhoon fighter hit the pier, crashing onto the beach. The pilot sustained head injuries. The fighter was one of four aircraft escorting a VIP flight.
The concert hall was converted into a tearoom and the theatre redesigned as a restaurant in the early 1950s. A funfair was added around the same time. By the 1960s, the pier was suffering from serious financial difficulties. In 1965, it was bought by a company owning some seafront hotels and entertainment venues. They had ambitions for the pier but were unable to cope with increasing maintenance costs. Some portions of wood and iron from the pier fell on the beach, and the pierhead was closed in 1970 due to safety concerns. The pier was Grade II listed in 1969 and the council served compulsory repair notices, but the company was unable to afford them and opted for voluntary liquidation. The remainder of the pier was closed in 1975 when the Brighton Corporation declined to buy it, passing control to the Crown Estate Commissioners.
Restoration attempts
After 1975, attempts were made to restore the pier. Supporters complained that the council was more interested in developing Brighton Marina. In 1982, the pier became the only one in Britain to be awarded Grade I listed status. The West Pier Trust was formed to save the pier, and bought it from the council in 1983 for a peppercorn fee of £100, though the council also demanded £800,000 required for immediate repairs before it could be opened to the public. A proposal to restore the pier with a ferris wheel failed after the backer went bankrupt.
Decline and damage
The pier suffered structural damage due to the Great Storm of 1987, and access from the shore was removed for safety reasons in 1991. The West Pier Trust continued to offer regular tours of the pier throughout the 1990s. In 1998, the National Lottery pledged £14 million to restore the pier, but the West Pier Trust was unable to find a suitable partner to help with restoration. The owners of the Palace Pier, who had become financially self-sufficient under their own means, claimed unfair competition. In 2001, English Heritage identified the pier as the most at-risk Grade I listed structure in the United Kingdom.
In December 2002, the pier partially collapsed during a storm, when a walkway connecting the concert hall and pavilion fell into the sea. The following month, the concert hall in the middle of the pier fell over, leaving the entire structure close to total collapse.
On 28 March 2003, the pavilion at the pierhead caught fire. Fire crews were unable to save the building from destruction because the collapsed walkway prevented them from reaching it. As fire investigators were unable to access the site for safety reasons, the cause of the fire remains unknown, although it is thought to have been arson. A more severe fire, also thought to have been intentional, burned through 11 and 12 May 2003, consuming most of what was left of the concert hall. On 23 June 2004, high winds caused the middle of the pier to collapse completely. The following month, English Heritage declared the pier beyond repair.
The West Pier Trust remained adamant that they would soon begin full restoration work. Retired boxer and local resident Chris Eubank criticised the delays, saying they could raise the money themselves in six months. In December 2004, the Trust confirmed the restoration would not be going ahead after their plans were rejected by the Heritage Lottery Fund. The pier was partially demolished in February 2010, partly to make way for the planned i360 observation tower. In February 2014, due to stormy weather, the pier split in half and a large part of the centre fell into the sea. Waves swept away the eastern side of the damaged metal skeleton, which remained after the 2003 fire. A selection of artefacts rescued from the pier is exhibited in the Brighton Fishing Museum. A further section of the pier collapsed in 2016.
The construction of the i360 has revived interest in building a new West Pier on the site of the original. The West Pier Trust was hopeful that it could be in place by 2026 in time for the pier's 160th anniversary. By October 2016, the trust had concluded that restoration of the original West Pier was beyond any practical means.
As of 2019, the Trust seeks to restore a Victorian-era octagonal kiosk that was salvaged from the pier in 1996 and plans to raise the estimated cost of about £750,000 using a crowdfunding campaign among other avenues. It has also started periodic auctioning of various remains and fragments of the pier to fund a new seaside learning centre at the site of the original kiosk. Another Brighton-based organisation, City Partnerships, have proposed construction of a new pier in the original location, which would be free to enter like the original and complement the nearby Brighton Palace Pier but has been opposed by the West Pier Trust as unrealistic.
Art
In 2010, the West Pier was illuminated with 3D mapping lasers as part of a series of artworks by Josef O'Connor to celebrate the Chinese New Year of the Tiger. The pier was illuminated by computer-controlled laser drawings to make it appear and disappear on the horizon, giving the appearance of reconnecting it to the shore.
Media appearances
The pier can be seen in several films, including Oh! What a Lovely War (1968), Villain (1971) and Carry On Girls (1973) which was filmed on the pier and in locations nearby in Brighton. It was also prominently featured in the French comedy La Course à l'échalote (1975), starring Pierre Richard and Jane Birkin.
In Nick Cave's novel The Death of Bunny Munro, Bunny's son speculates on a reason for the 2003 fires. The band James filmed the video for "Just Like Fred Astaire" on and around the West Pier.
Mark Haddon's title story in the 2016 collection The Pier Falls concerns the fictional collapse of the pier in 1970.
In Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert's 2022 film Everything Everywhere All at Once, the pier is featured in a montage of travelling through universes.
The decline of the pier to its present ruinous state is the subject of the song "The West Pier" which features on the 2009 album, Gypsyhead, by Brighton-born Dogan Mehmet.
See also
National Piers Society
List of piers in the United Kingdom
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
The West Pier Trust, charity which owns the West Pier
History of the West Pier and its Theatre
Photos of the West Pier 1980 to 2004
Piers in Sussex
Grade I listed buildings in Brighton and Hove
Articles containing video clips
Burned buildings and structures in the United Kingdom
2003 fires
Fires in England
Pier fires
Beaches—Woodbine was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was created in 1967 by merging the former ridings of Woodbine and Beaches.
Boundaries
The riding was created prior to the 1967 election by combining the ridings of Woodbine and Beaches. The boundaries of the new riding were as follows: From the southwest point where Coxwell Avenue met Lake Ontario the boundary followed Coxwell north to Queen Street East. It then went west a short distance to Rhodes Avenue. It followed Rhodes Avenue north to Danforth Avenue. It then went back east along Danforth to Coxwell. It then went north along Coxwell to the city limits. Along the north it followed the city limits until it reached Victoria Park Avenue. It then went south along Victoria Park and along the same line until it reached Lake Ontario.
In 1974 the eastern boundary with Riverdale was altered. The border now consisted of Coxwell Avenue from Lake Ontario north to the railway right-of-way just south of Hanson Street. The boundary followed the right-of-way west until Greenwood Avenue. It then went north along Greenwood until it met the city limits.
From 1987 to 1999 it consisted of Old Toronto east from where Leslie Street meets the lake north to Queen Street. It then followed Queen Street east to Greenwood Avenue and then north to the CN railway. Following the CN right of way to Coxwell Avenue it then went north to the city limits.
In 1999, it was absorbed into the new ridings of Beaches—East York and Toronto—Danforth.
Members of Provincial Parliament
Election results
References
Former provincial electoral districts of Ontario
Provincial electoral districts of Toronto
1996 disestablishments in Ontario
Fred Carrington Cole (April 12, 1912 – May 6, 1986) was an American librarian and historian. They were president of the Council on Library Resources and Washington and Lee University. In 1999, American Libraries named them one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century".
Cole was born in Franklin, Texas. They attended Louisiana State University and earned an A.B. in 1934, an A.M. in 1936, and a Ph.D. in history in 1941. They served as editorial associate of the newly founded The Journal of Southern History under Wendell Holmes Stephenson from 1936 to 1941, and succeeded Stephenson as managing editor from 1941 to 1942. They also served as founding co-editor with Stephenson of the Southern Biography Series from Louisiana State University Press from 1938 to 1945 and was history editor of the Press from 1938 to 1942.
Cole served as a lieutenant in the United States Navy from 1942 to 1946. Initially a gunnery officer at sea, they later worked for the Office of the Surgeon General of the United States Navy, where they revised the Manual of the Medical Department (MANMED). They earned a special commendation from the Surgeon General in 1946. Cole returned to academia at Tulane University in 1946, serving as associate professor, professor, dean, and vice president. As an administrator, Cole supported attempts to desegregate the school, though Tulane was not desegregated until after their departure, in 1963.
In 1959, Cole became the 20th president of Washington and Lee University. During their tenure at WLU, Cole was credited with raising educational standards and integrating libraries into the curriculum. They oversaw the university's first self-study and the integration of the school, with the first African-American student enrolling in 1966.
From 1954 to 1955, Cole took a leave of absence from Tulane to work for the Ford Foundation as their program officer for education. Through Cole, Louis B. Wright was able to secure initial funding for the Council on Library Resources, an organization dedicated to addressing the common problems faced by libraries. Cole joined the board of the CLR in 1962 and left WLU in 1967 to succeed Verner Clapp as president of the CLR, a post they held until 1977. In 1976, they received a Special Centennial Citation from the American Library Association for "making Ford Foundation dollars for libraries achieve maximum impact." Following their retirement from the CLR, they moved to Chapel Hill, North Carolina, where they died from congestive heart failure in 1986, at the age of 74.
References
External links
1912 births
1986 deaths
People from Franklin, Texas
Presidents of Washington and Lee University
Washington and Lee University faculty
American librarians
Tulane University faculty
United States Navy officers
Louisiana State University alumni
People from Chapel Hill, North Carolina
Rosano may refer to:
Pietro Rosano, an Italian politician and lawyer
Sebastián Rosano, a Uruguayan footballer
F comme Fairbanks is a 1976 French drama film directed by Maurice Dugowson. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Patrick Dewaere – André
Miou-Miou – Marie
John Berry – Fragman
Michel Piccoli – Etienne
Jean-Michel Folon – Jean-Pierre
Christiane Tissot – Sylvie
Diane Kurys – Annick
Jean Lescot – Jeannot le régisseur
Jean de Coninck – Le photographe
Evane Hanska – Françoise
Thierry Lhermitte – Le jeune cadre
Guiguin Moro – L'assistante
Christian Clavier – Le serveur
Yves Barsacq – Le vieux cadre
Jenny Clève – La grand-mère
Marc Lamole – Le patron du bistrot
References
External links
1976 films
1970s French-language films
1976 drama films
Films directed by Maurice Dugowson
French drama films
Films produced by Michel Seydoux
1970s French films
Washabo is a town in Suriname, located in the Kabalebo resort of Sipaliwini district. The town lies on a bend in the Corantijn river (Courantyne), on the border with Guyana. Washabo is an indigenous village of the Lokono tribe near Apoera. It has a population of about 600 people. According to the oral tradition, the village was founded in the 1920s by the Lingaard family.
The village generally does not allow non-tribal people to live in their village unless they are married to a member of the tribe. Washabo has a clinic and a school. Washabo can be reached from an unpaved road from the Southern East-West Link. The Washabo Airport is located in the village. Up to 1995, the villages of Apoera, Washabo and Section were governed by the same village chief due to their close proximity.
See also
Corantijn Basin
References
Guyana–Suriname border crossings
Indigenous villages in Suriname
Populated places in Sipaliwini District
The spectacled bristle tyrant (Pogonotriccus orbitalis) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae. This species is sometimes placed in the genus Phylloscartes.
It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
spectacled bristle tyrant
Birds of the Yungas
spectacled bristle tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Omar Navarro (born January 9, 1989) is an American perennial candidate for the seat of California's 43rd congressional district against longtime Democratic member of congress Maxine Waters. A member of the Republican Party, Navarro ran unsuccessfully against Waters in 2016, 2018, and 2020.  They are running again in 2022.
Life
Early life
Navarro was born and raised in Inglewood, California. They spent a significant portion of their life in Hawthorne and Torrance. Navarro's parents are Mexican and Cuban immigrants. They attended West High School in Torrance, California where they played football and wrestled all four years. Omar went on to attend community college at El Camino College in Gardena, California with major in Business Administration. Navarro later switched majors when they graduated ITT Technical Institute with a bachelor's of science in criminal justice. Navarro was a treasurer for the national honor society.
Career
Navarro has worked as an online marketer. Navarro served as volunteer traffic commissioner for Torrance, California, but resigned in 2017 after the Torrance City Council began the process of removing them from their position due to their involvement in the pepper-spraying of a child.
Electoral history
2016
After declaring for Congress, Navarro was defeated by Waters with 76.1% of the vote. The district includes parts of L.A., Torrance, Carson, Gardena, Hawthorne, Inglewood, Lawndale and Lomita.
2018
Navarro challenged Waters for their seat in 2018. They were again defeated, with Waters receiving 77.7% of the vote to Navarro's 22.3%.
Navarro's campaign raised more than $450,000 in the third quarter and spent $11,845 on rental fees and meals at the Trump National Golf Club in Rancho Palos Verdes as well as multiple stays at the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas. Navarro received national attention for raising over $1,000,000 during their 2018 campaign as a whole.
2020
In the March 3, 2020, California primary, Navarro failed to qualify for the general election, finishing third with 10.9% of the total vote. Waters received 78.1% of the vote with Republican Joe Collins finishing second with 11.1%. Navarro was unable to campaign at the time of the primary as they were incarcerated; however, they still raised $50,000 in donations.
2022
On January 11, 2021, Navarro announced that they would be challenging Waters again in 2022. In the June 7 2022, California primary, Navarro finished second to Waters with 13.2% of the total vote. They will once again face them in the general election on November 8, 2022. Waters received 71.5% of the total vote in the primary with two other eliminated candidates trailing Navarro.
Endorsements
Navarro has had endorsements from Roger Stone, Michael Flynn, Joe Arpaio, Herman Cain, and Alex Jones, among others. They met Flynn in person in February 2018, while in Washington to attend the Conservative Political Action Conference.
Conspiracy theories
In October 2020, Navarro tweeted "Where we go one, we go all", a slogan adopted by the community surrounding the QAnon conspiracy theory. They also made at least one tweet in 2016 promoting the Pizzagate conspiracy theory.
Criminal history
Pepper spraying of children
In 2017, while they were a volunteer for the Torrance Traffic Commission, Navarro was involved in the pepper-spraying of a child at a pro-sanctuary-cities event in Cudahy, California. Video of the incident showed Navarro in the back seat of a car while the driver and another passenger sprayed the surrounding protestors.
Electronic tracking device
Navarro was convicted for attaching an electronic tracking device to their wife's car on February 14, 2016. They pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor charge in Orange County and was sentenced to a day in jail and 18 months' probation in September 2016. They were also ordered to take an anger management course. They were on probation until March 2018.
Navarro was found guilty only two weeks before the 2016 election. Before Navarro pleaded guilty, they blamed the Orange County District Attorney's Office and the media for spreading fake news.
Forged letter
Navarro released a fraudulent letter on their Twitter account that indicated Maxine Waters wanted to resettle tens of thousands of refugees into their Los Angeles district. The letter appeared to be printed on Waters' House office stationery and looked as if written by her, bearing their signature, alleging that they were in communication with CAIR-LA (a Los Angeles-based chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations) and Hussam Ayloush (the executive director of CAIR-LA) to relocate refugees in Los Angeles. The letter contained several inaccuracies, including references to committees and subcommittees on which Waters does not serve, and listing an address for a district office that had been closed for nearly a decade.
Navarro was interrogated by the FBI and Capitol Police regarding the matter. They told the Los Angeles Times that they did not fabricate the letter and claimed that they received it from a person whose name they would not reveal and with whom they had not been in touch since they received the letter.
Restraining order, alleged stalking, and incarceration
On August 1, 2019, a restraining order was issued against Navarro for five years for their former girlfriend, conservative activist DeAnna Lorraine Tesoriero, who is publicly known as DeAnna Lorraine. In the ruling, the judge cited Navarro's "harassing and stalking" behavior towards Tesoriero. This is Navarro's second restraining order against a former partner in two years as one was previously issued in 2017 for their ex-wife.
On December 7, 2019, Navarro attempted to meet with Lorraine and was charged with stalking, criminal threats, attempted extortion (all felonies), and violating a restraining order (a misdemeanor). On December 12, 2019, Navarro was remanded into custody on a further seven charges by San Francisco County Superior Court judge Suzanne Bolanos for being a threat to public safety, and they were ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation. They pleaded guilty to one charge and served six months in prison.
References
Living people
1989 births
California Republicans
People from Inglewood, California
American politicians of Cuban descent
American politicians of Mexican descent
California politicians convicted of crimes
People from Torrance, California
Candidates in the 2020 United States elections
Candidates in the 2018 United States elections
Candidates in the 2016 United States elections
21st-century American politicians
Camp George West Historic District or Camp George West (also known as State Rifle Range;5JF145) was a military base for the Colorado National Guard, located at 15000 S. Golden Rd., Golden, Colorado. It was used as a rifle range, while artillery practice took place on Green Mountain, on the north side of present-day Hayden Park near Lakewood, Colorado. The Department of Defense Military Munitions Response Program has financed investigations to identify unexploded ordnance there since 2012.
Camp George West is now used as a correctional facility, police training academy, and emergency operations center.
It contains an Ammunition Igloo, a bunker used for arms storage, and Colorado Amphitheater, both of which are vacant.
The historic district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993, with the Ammunition Igloo and the Amphitheater listed separately.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Colorado
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places
Archiplant.org: Camp George West Historic District
Historic survey of Camp George West to evaluate National Register eligibility
Colorado Office of Archaeology and Historic Preservation
Buildings and structures in Golden, Colorado
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Military facilities on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Prisons in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Colorado
1903 establishments in Colorado
Jacopo d'Avanzi (after 1350s – 1416) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.  They are also known as Jacopo Avanzi or Jacopo de Avanzi, although apparently often confused with other artists, including Jacopo de' Bavozi and the Vicentine Avanzo.
Biography
Born in Bologna, they trained supposedly with Vitale da Bologna. They worked with Galasso Galassi of Ferrara and Cristofano of Bologna in the old church of Santa Apollonia di Mezzaratta; these frescoes are now in the Pinacoteca Nazionale of Bologna.
They also completed the series of frescoes in the chapel of San Giacomo in the Basilica di Sant'Antonio at Padua, which were painted in 1376, completed later by Altichiero da Zevio and Sebeto da Verona. All three also painted in Verona.
References
External links
14th-century births
1416 deaths
Italian male painters
Trecento painters
Painters from Bologna
Quattrocento painters
Fowler is a large lunar impact crater that lies in the northern hemisphere on the Moon's far side. It lies to the south-southwest of the crater Esnault-Pelterie, and north of Gadomski. Overlying the eastern rim and intruding into the interior is Von Zeipel.
The outer rim of this crater has become worn and rounded by impact erosion until it has become little more than an irregular slope down to the interior depression. A number of small craters lie along the rim and the inner wall. An impact along the northeast rim, just north of Von Zeipel, has a relatively high albedo and is surrounded by a skirt of bright material. This is indicative of a relatively recent impact that has not had time to darken due to space weathering.
The eastern part of the interior floor is partly overlaid by the outer rampart and ejecta from Von Zeipel. The southern floor is marked by an arc of small impacts. The northern floor is more level and is marked only by a few small craterlets.
Satellite craters
By convention, these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Fowler.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Philiris is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Australasian realm (New Guinea, Bismarck Islands, Molucca Islands and eastern Australia). Philiris was erected by Julius Röber in 1891.
It is a speciose genus; Tite decided on 56 species, Sands added 11 species and placed the taxa into 21 species groups (broadly accepted by Parsons Most species are on New Guinea.Tite considered Philiris and Candalides Hübner, 1819 to be sisters. Eliot (1973) placed Philiris in Luciini Waterhouse & Lyell, 1914,
Species
Philiris agatha
Philiris albicostalis
Philiris albihumerata
Philiris albiplaga
Philiris amethysta
Philiris angabunga
Philiris apicalis
Philiris aquamarina
Philiris argenteus
Philiris azula
Philiris baiteta
Philiris biplaga
Philiris bubalisatina
Philiris cadmica
Philiris caelestis
Philiris cyana
Philiris diana
Philiris dinawa
Philiris doreia
Philiris elegans
Philiris fulgens
Philiris gloriosa
Philiris harterti
Philiris helena
Philiris hemileuca
Philiris hindenburgensis
Philiris hypoxantha
Philiris ianthina
Philiris ignobilis
Philiris ilias
Philiris innotatus
Philiris intensa
Philiris kumusiensis
Philiris lavendula
Philiris lucescens
Philiris maculata
Philiris marginata
Philiris mayri
Philiris melanacra
Philiris misimensis
Philiris moira
Philiris moluccana
Philiris montigena
Philiris nitens
Philiris oreas
Philiris pagwi
Philiris parsonsi
Philiris petriei
Philiris phengotes
Philiris philotas
Philiris philotoides
Philiris praeclara
Philiris putih
Philiris radicala
Philiris refusa
Philiris remissa
Philiris satis
Philiris scintillata
Philiris siassi
Philiris sibatanii
Philiris subovata
Philiris tapini
Philiris tombara
Philiris unipunctata
Philiris vicina
Philiris violetta
Philiris zadne
Philiris ziska
References
External links
"Philiris Röber, 1891" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Luciini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Julius Röber
Herford Abbey () was the oldest women's religious house in the Duchy of Saxony. It was founded as a house of secular canonesses in 789, initially in Müdehorst (near the modern Bielefeld) by a nobleman called Waltger, who moved it in about 800 onto the lands of their estate Herivurth (later Oldenhervorde) which stood at the crossing of a number of important roads and fords over the Aa and the Werre. The present city of Herford grew up on this site around the abbey.
History
9th–12th centuries
The abbey was dedicated in 832 and was elevated to the status of a Reichsabtei ("Imperial abbey") under Emperor Louis the Pious (d. 840). In ecclesiastical matters it was answerable directly to the Pope and was endowed with a third of the estates originally intended for Corvey Abbey.
In 860, at the instigation of the abbess Haduwy (Hedwig), the bones of Saint Pusinna, later the patron saint of Herford, were brought from their hermitage at Binson ("vicus bausionensis" near Châlons-en-Champagne, Corbie). The presence of these relics in the abbey increased its importance and its dedication was changed in due course to Saints Mary and Pusinna.
In the time of the abbess Matilda I their granddaughter Matilda, later Saint Matilda, was brought up here. In 909, through the negotiations of their grandmother, they were married to Henry, Duke of Saxony and later King Henry I of Germany.
Between 919 and 924 Herford was destroyed by Hungarians but was rebuilt by 927.
Reichsunmittelbarkeit
In 1147 the abbey, which by this time had almost 850 estates and farms, was granted Imperial immediacy (). This made it an independent territory within the Holy Roman Empire (although admittedly a very small one, comprising part of the area of the present city of Herford) which lasted until 1803. The abbesses became Imperial princesses () and sat in the Reichstag in the College of Prelates of the Rhine. The territory belonged to the Lower Rhenish-Westphalian Circle.
The first Vögte seem to have been the Billunger, and after they died out, Henry the Lion, who appointed the Counts of Schwalenberg as under-Vögte. From 1180, after the fall of Henry the Lion, they exercised the same function for the Archbishopric of Cologne and the Duchy of Westphalia. By 1261 the office seems to have passed to the Counts of Sternberg and in 1382 to the Counts of Jülich-Berg.
In the vicinity of the abbey there grew up the town of Herford, which had acquired municipal rights by 1170/1180 and later, as the Reichsstadt Herford, acquired Reichsunmittelbarkeit in its own right.
By the end of the 15th century, "Sancta Herfordia" ("Holy Herford"), as it became known, had some 37 churches, chapels, monasteries and other religious houses, and hospitals. Its spiritual life was thus comparable to that of a great centre such as Cologne.
Reformation
In 1533, during the Reformation, Herford Abbey became Lutheran, under the Electors of Brandenburg. From 1649 for over a century the abbesses were all Calvinist but that did not alter the Lutheran character of the principality.
Dissolution
In 1802 the abbey was dissolved in the course of secularisation under the terms of the Reichsdeputationshauptschluss and on 25 February 1803 was annexed to the County of Ravensberg, which belonged to the Kingdom of Prussia. In 1804 it was turned into a collegiate foundation for men, and in 1810 finally suppressed.
The former abbey church remains in use as Herford Minster (Herforder Münster).
Abbesses
Theodrada, Tetta (838 – after 840)
Addila (before 844 – after 853)
Hedwig (before 858 – after 888)
Matilda I (before 908 – after 911; Immedinger)
Imma (before 973 – after 995; Billunger)
Godesdiu (before 1002 – after 1040; Billunger)
Swanhild (before 1051–1076)
Gertrud I (before 1138 – after 1139)
Jutta (Jutta of Arnsberg; before 1146 – after 1162)
Ludgard I (before 1163 – after 1170)
Eilika (c. 1212)
Gertrud II (Gertrud of Lippe; before 1217 – after 1233)
Ida (before 1238 – after 1264)
Pinnosa (before 1265 – after 1276)
Mechthild II (Mechtild of Waldeck; before 1277 – after 1288)
Irmgard (Irmgard of Wittgenstein; before 1290–1323)
Lutgard II (Lutgard of Bicken; 1324–1360)
Heilwig (Heilwig of Bentheim; 1361)
Elisabeth I (Elisabeth of Berg; 1361–1374)
Hillegund (Hillegund of Oetgenbach; 1374–1409)
Mechthild III (Mechtild of Waldeck; 1409–1442)
Margaret of Brunswick-Grubenhagen, rival abbess 1442–1443
Margaret I (Margaret of Gleichen; 1443–1475)
Jakobe of Neuenahr, rival abbess 1476–1479
Anna I (Anna of Hunolstein; 1476–1494)
Bonizet (Bonizet of Limburg-Stirum; 1494–1524)
Anna II (Anna of Limburg; 1524–1565)
Margaret II (Margaret of Lippe; 1565–1578)
Felicitas I (Felicitas of Eberstein; 1578–1586)
Magdalene I (Magdalene of Lippe; 1586–1604)
Felicitas II (Felicitas of Eberstein; 1604–1621)
Magdalene II (Magdalene of Lippe; 1621–1640)
Sidonia (Sidonia of Oldenburg; 1640–1649)
Maria Clara Theresa of Wartenberg, rival abbess 1629–1631
Elisabeth II (Elisabeth Luise Juliana of the Palatinate-Zweibrücken; 1649–1667)
Elisabeth III (Elisabeth of the Electorate of the Palatinate; 1667–1680)
Elisabeth IV (Elisabeth Albertine of Anhalt-Dessau; 1680–1686)
Elisabeth V (Elisabeth of Hesse-Cassel; 1686–1688)
Charlotte Sophia (Charlotte Sophia of Courland; 1688–1728)
Johanna Charlotte (Johanna Charlotte of Anhalt-Dessau; 1729–1750)
Sophia (Sophia of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp; 1750–1764)
Frederica Charlotte (Frederica Charlotte of Brandenburg-Schwedt; 1764–1802; d. 1808)
Princess Christine Charlotte of Hesse-Kassel (1766–1779) as coadjutor abbess
Notes
References
R. Pape: Über die Anfänge Herfords. Dissertation, 1955
A. Cohausz: Ein Jahrtausend geistliches Damenstift Herford. In: Herforder Jahrbuch I. 1960
Herforder Geschichtsquellen. 1968
R. Pape: Waltger und die Gründung Herfords. 1988
R. Pape: Herford zur Kaiserzeit. 1989
R. Pape: Sancta Herfordia. Geschichte Herfords von den Anfängen bis zur Gegenwart. 1989
T. Helmert-Corvey (Hg.): 1200 Jahre Herford. 1989
H. Bei der Wieden: Die Äbtissinnen der Reichsabtei Herford in der Neuzeit. In: Historisches Jahrbuch für den Kreis Herford 2000. 1999
H. Bei der Wieden: Die Herkunft der Äbtissinnen der Reichsabtei Herford vom Ende des 13. bis zur Mitte des 17. Jahrhunderts. In: Historisches Jahrbuch für den Kreis Herford 2002/2003. 2002
External links
Monasteries in North Rhine-Westphalia
Imperial abbeys disestablished in 1802–03
Lutheran women's religious houses
Buildings and structures in Herford (district)
8th-century establishments in Germany
Churches completed in 789
8th-century churches in Germany
Adriano Rigoglioso (born 29 May 1979) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Rigoglioso began their career as a goalkeeper with Liverpool, and played in the same youth team as Michael Owen, Steven Gerrard and Jamie Carragher. However, they did not make the grade and joined Marine.
They were signed by Morecambe in the summer of 2000. Playing as striker, they were limited to a few substitute appearances.
Moved into midfield for the 2001–02 season, Rigoglioso had a more successful run in the side but was still not considered a regular. The following season, they were moved into the 'hole' behind the striker, and formed a formidable partnership with Wayne Curtis in a Morecambe side that made the Conference play-offs.
Their form attracted attention from a number of other clubs, with Chester City in particular having several bids turned down.
At the beginning of the 2003–04 season, Doncaster Rovers made a bid for the player. This was turned down by the Morecambe board of directors. This bid appeared to unsettle Rigoglioso and many believe they engineered a second bid to be accepted after several disciplinary issues, before joining Doncaster in November 2003.
Their move to Doncaster did not go as well as they might have hoped. They scored their first and only goal for the team in a Football League Trophy tie against Hereford United in November 2004. They did not feature in the first team to any great extent, and during the 2005–06 season they spent an unsuccessful loan spell at Southport, where their only match was a 4–0 loss at Accrington Stanley.
They rejoined Morecambe in March 2006, initially on loan. Again, their appearances were limited to short substitute appearances, and it was surprising when they were awarded a contract for the 2006–07 season. Again, the start of the season saw their first team role restricted to a few substitute appearances, and they spent October 2006 on loan at Forest Green Rovers, managed by former Morecambe manager Jim Harvey. On their return, Rigoglioso went straight back into the Morecambe first team, in the withdrawn striker role that had previously worked well for him.
They wore Adriano on the back of their shirt rather than their surname, citing the fact that stadium announcers often mispronounce their surname. Their nickname, given to them by their family, is Celi after the Italian easy-listening popstar Adriano Celentano, famous for their chart hit "Una Festa Sui Prati", in English, "A Party on the open area of grass".
Rigoglioso was released by Morecambe on 24 January 2007, after a discussion with Sammy McIlroy, who told them they would be bringing in more players, thereby limiting Rigoglioso's first team opportunities. They signed for Forest Green in a permanent deal lasting until the end of the 2007–08 season. Rigoglioso went on to make over 50 league appearances for Forest Green and featured in Forest Green's FA Cup third round defeat to Derby County at The New Lawn but was released at the end of the 2008–09 season.
At the start of the 2009–10 season, Rigoglioso signed for Grays Athletic along with eight other players, before being released in November. In November 2009, Rigoglioso was signed by Colwyn Bay in the Northern Premier League Division One North. They signed for Northern Premier League Premier Division club FC United of Manchester on 31 December 2009, before leaving in March 2010. They then rejoined Colwyn Bay for their second spell at the club. On 4 June 2010 they teamed up with their former Colwyn Bay manager Neil Young at newly formed Chester but joined Ashton United without featuring for Chester, scoring on their debut against Matlock Town in September 2010.
On 9 January 2011, Rigoglioso returned to former club Marine and left the club at the end of April.
In January 2012 they joined Rhyl. After ending the 2011–12 season with Rhyl, in June 2012 Rigoglioso signed for Conwy Borough but moved without playing a game for the club to Northwich Victoria during July, where they became player-coach. They left the club, along with manager Andy Mutch on 3 November.
References
External links
Morecambe F.C. player profile
1979 births
Living people
English footballers
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
Grays Athletic F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
Liverpool F.C. players
Morecambe F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Marine F.C. players
Colwyn Bay F.C. players
F.C. United of Manchester players
Chester F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Association football midfielders
English people of Italian descent
Footballers from Liverpool
Rhyl F.C. players
Conwy Borough F.C. players
Ashton United F.C. players
Northwich Victoria F.C. players
Landensberg is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
K. Mohanakrishnan (14 March 1926 – 24 August 2014) also known as Pasamalar Mohan, or simply K. Mohan, was an Indian film producer and art director who worked mainly in Tamil cinema. Mohan worked for various films and companies since 1951. They were the producer for the Tamil film Pasamalar (1961).
Family and early life
Mohan was born into a Tamil family in Chennai. Their father, T. Kannabiran Mudhaliyar, was the Madras High court Magistrate and General Manager of five theatres (Prabhat Talkies, Broadway Talkies, Murugan, Mahalakshmi, Saraswati). Their mother Indirani Ammal died in their earlier ages. Mohan took Art as their passion and started drawing and painting various images. In 1951, they married their wife, Shantakumari.
Career
While still a student, Mohan began creating film banners for the film Kulaebagavali. In 1950, Mohan established Mohan Arts, a firm that specialized in the creation of promotional materials for films such as banners and cut-outs. The cutout for Vanangamudi in 1957 won various appreciations. Their cutouts of Queen Elizabeth II during their visit to Chennai attracted the entire city and the queen themselves thanked and appreciated them personally. Their works for the film Gandhi won them nationwide attention. Actor Sivakumar started their art career under their guidance and in their company. Mohan was also an art director and won various statewide and national awards for excellence, including the "Vikas Ratna" awarded presented by the Government of India for the field of art. They have won consecutive awards for the category ‘publicity' by all the state cinema award function.
Personal life
Mohan died on 24 August 2014, three years after their wife. The couple had five sons, three daughters and 13 grandchildren. Two of Mohan's sons, Harinath Kumar and Narendran, inherited and continue to run Mohan Arts.
References
1926 births
2014 deaths
Film producers from Chennai
Indian art directors
Tamil film producers
Pasties (singular pasty or pastie) are patches that cover a person's nipples and areolae, typically affixed with adhesive. Though they are commonly associated with strippers, burlesque shows and erotic entertainment, they are also, at times, worn as an undergarment, beachwear, or as a form of protest during women's rights events such as Go Topless Day to avoid potential prosecution under indecency laws.
Design
Pasties come in a variety of colors, shapes, and sizes, typically not much larger than the areola. They are usually applied with a special tape or glue fixative, often gum arabic. However, in some situations keeping pasties from falling off can be an issue, as can be their removal. Some people are allergic to some adhesives or pastie material. Due to this, most high quality pasties are made of the hypoallergenic polymer silicone and use special adhesives to reduce the chances of an allergic reaction. Some pasties are for single-use, while others are washable and can be reused.
Pasties are sometimes worn with a sideless bikini bottom such as a C-string held by an internal flexible frame. Alternatively a vulva cover, commonly known as a merkin pastie, can be attached with adhesive. These pasties for the genitalia are known as maebari in Japanese.
Entertainment
Pasties emerged in burlesque and striptease in the 1920s as a way to avoid breaking the law by performing topless or nude. Pasties came to be regarded by some as more aesthetic and erotic. They were worn in cabarets such as the Folies Bergère and Le Lido. Burlesque performer Carrie Finnell is attributed with adding tassels which hang from the center and incorporating tassel twirling as part of a performance.
In parts of the United States, erotic dancers wear pasties in strip clubs to avoid prosecution under local public indecency laws. In extreme cases, liquid latex pasties are used to comply with local laws, raising criticism by strippers that lawmakers are engaging in cruelty by requiring use of adhesive material on the nipple. Such restrictions generally applied in Chicago until Chicago City Council changed the city's liquor license statutes in 2020, removing references to gender. Women working in the city's topless-only restaurants and strip clubs are no longer required to affix pasties or use other latex coverings on their breasts.
Pasties are worn by many neo-burlesque performers and are also found in night clubs, fetish parties and parades, such as pride parades.
Pasties were and may still be worn by some actores while filming an otherwise apparently topless or nude scene, which is not caught by the camera angle.
Underwear
Some who choose to go braless (often the most practical choice with a strapless or backless dress) may wear pasties, so that their nipples and areolae are not visible through sheer clothing or lingerie, or in case they experience a nipple erection.
Swimwear
Pasties are occasionally worn on beaches to maximize a sun tan, short of being topless or nude, and avoid the strap lines which bikinis produce. Swimwear named strapless bikini (not to be confused with bandeau bikini tops) or no-string bikini is a combination of pasties with a matching maebari-style bottom.
Athletes
Runners, surfers, and other outdoor athletes may experience fissure of the nipple, a chafing irritation caused by friction with clothing such as a T-shirt. The condition is colloquially known as "runner's nipple". Some people wear pasties to cover the nipple and avoid or mitigate the irritation. When worn underclothing, pasties are sometimes called breast petals, nipple covers or nipple guards.
Gallery
See also
Topfreedom
Nipple shield (jewelry)
Nipple shield (breastfeeding)
Merkin
References
External links
Erotic dance
Nipple
Lingerie
Sex laws
Vkusno i tochka (, ) is a Russian fast food chain based in former McDonald's restaurants, with a menu that largely consists of rebranded McDonald's items. McDonald's closed their Russian stores in response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine; Vkusno i tochka restaurants mostly occupy former McDonald's restaurants that were sold to business magnate and entrepreneur , who was a company licensee in Siberia.
The first restaurants were opened on 12 June 2022.
History
On 8 March 2022, facing continued pressure on social media due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, McDonald's announced the temporary suspension of operation of its restaurants in Russia, while also announcing at the same time that it would continue to pay its employees in the country. The restaurants were taken over by the CEO of McDonald's Russia, Oleg Paroyev, and remained open as of mid-March 2022.
On 16 May 2022, the company decided to leave Russia altogether. On 27 May 2022, it was reported that McDonald's was selling its stores in Russia to a local licensee, Alexander Govor. Patent filings showed "Fun and Tasty" and "The Same One" as some of the possible brand names for the firm taking over McDonald's in Russia. Shortly after the announcement, the company replaced the McDonald's logo in favor of their own logo. The new name of the chain was later announced as Vkusno i tochka (), translated as "Tasty and that's it". The legal entity remained the same but was renamed from McDonald's LLC to PBO System LLC, with Oleg Paroyev remaining as CEO.
On 12 June 2022, the restaurant chain reopened 15 restaurants in Moscow. The next day, the restaurant chain reopened 50 more restaurants in Moscow and the wider Moscow region. McDonald's has a 15 year option to buy its former restaurants back from Vkusno i tochka.
On 8 July 2022, RBK reported citing the company's press service that some restaurants would stop selling French fries and potato dishes due to a poor harvest the previous year, possibly until fall.
Menu
According to the General Director of the chain, at the initial stage of the opening, the restaurants will not carry every menu item that they had originally planned for due to supply chain issues and packaging logistics. According to the quality manager Alexander Merkulov, the dishes contain the same ingredients and are made with the same equipment as when McDonald's operated the restaurants, but are served with different packaging.
Unlike the original McDonald's, "Vkusno i tochka" does not serve the Big Mac, the McFlurry, salads, or the Happy Meal. However, it does serve food items not found in McDonald's such as fried shrimp. Due to The Coca-Cola Company's departure from Russia, supplies for Coca-Cola run low as of June 2022; Vkusno i tochka are seeking to substitute this soft drink with local variants.
As of September 2022, the chain serves the following items (the McDonald's items they replace are in parentheses):
Hamburger, Cheeseburger and Double Cheeseburger
Grand (Quarter Pounder with Cheese / McRoyal), Double Grand and Grand Deluxe (Quarter Pounder with Cheese Deluxe)
Big Special (Big Tasty), Double Big Special, Big Special Junior and Big Special Three Cheese
Fishburger (Filet-O-Fish) and Double Fishburger
Chickenburger (Junior Chicken), Chicken Hit (McChicken) and Chicken Premier (Seriously Chicken)
Caesar Roll (McWrap), Caesar Roll Bacon, Big Special Roll, Shrimp Roll and Fresh Roll
French Fries, Grand Fries, potato wedges and potato slices
Chicken nuggets, chicken strips, mozzarella dippers, onion rings, shrimp, apple slices and carrot sticks
Vegetable salad, Caesar salad and Caesar salad with shrimp
Dobry Cola (Draft), Dobry Orange (Draft), Dobry Lemon-Lime (Draft), Coca-Cola (bottle), Sprite Ice (bottle), Fanta Zero (bottle), Fanta Manguava (bottle), Coca-Cola Zero (draft), Sprite (draft), Fanta (draft), Lemonade Ripe plum-Red currant (draft), milkshake, sundae, Ice Deluxe (McFlurry), tea, coffee, and juice
Breakfast pancakes, omelet, cherry pie and black currant pie
Controversies and criticisms
Logo and name
Since the opening of the restaurant chain, many users of the social networks VKontakte and Twitter did not like the name "Tasty - and that's it", some users reported that the variant of the name "Uncle Vanya" was not so bad. Critics of the new logo have noted its similarity to the logo of Marriott International, which also operates in Russia. For example, some said that the logo looks like "the logo of the Marriott hotel combined with the Flag of Bangladesh." On the opening day, one of the protesters held up a banner: "Bring back Big Mac!". They were quickly removed from the scene.
According to Nikolai Grigoriev, member of the Board of the Guild of Marketeers, the name of the fast food chain will not take root among consumers, they believe that the network may soon be renamed due to inconvenience of the name:
According to the marketeer, the old name "McDonald's" will soon disappear from the lexicon of the Russian consumers, and, to not pronounce the long phrase, clients of the chain will make up their own. On 13 June, various messages appeared claiming that the logo of "Vkusno — i tochka" is a lazy alteration of a Portuguese pet food brand "Matosmix."
On 15 June, the director of a fast food chain known as "Food, full stop" () in Primorski Krai, Sergei Ponkratov, accused the new chain of plagiarism and decided to sue it, demanding a change of the name. They claim that the Vkusno i tochka brand clearly intersects with and deprives their trademark, which has been operating since 2018, of uniqueness and recognizability.
Problems with food
On 3 July, a customer of one of the Vkusno i tochka restaurants of the Khoroshyovo-Mnyovniki District complained about a burger with mold. The press office of the chain said that they had started an investigation into the moldy bun and contacted the manufacturer to clarify the circumstances of the incident.
On 4 July, the Telegram channel of Ksenia Sobchak, "Bloody mistress" (), reported that the chain's restaurant in Arbat "serves potatoes with cheese sauces that were expired by one day". The press office of Vkusno i tochka claimed that all the sauces were double-checked, "only a small part was expired, it has already been removed from sale... We are additionally checking the sauces in other enterprises so that this does not happen again." There was also an incident in Altufyevo, which was connected with restaurant production: buns, lying on a tray on the street, were eaten by crows and pigeons. In response, the press office of Vkusno i tochka said that the buns were birded food, noting that "Quality and safety of production is our main priority. The video captured the process of unloading. All upper bun trays, regardless of damage, were decommissioned." In addition, users of Twitter complained that insects parts have been found in burgers at Vkusno i tochka.
In July 2022, some restaurants of the chain said they would temporarily stop serving fries due to a shortage of the correct potato variety.
See also
McDonald's in Russia
Metro (restaurant chain), a similar chain of McDonald's replacements in Iceland
Hungry Jack's, the localized version of Burger King in Australia
Notes
References
External links
Restaurants established in 2022
Fast-food chains of Russia
2022 establishments in Russia
Reactions to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
is a Japanese film director, writer, editor, producer and actor best known for their 2013 movie The Great Passage for which they won the best director at the 2013 Japanese Academy Awards.
Personal life
Yuya Ishii won the best director at the 2010 Blue Ribbon Awards, and the movie also resulted in their marriage in late 2010 to the lead actor Hikari Mitsushima, a former member of the J-pop group member Folder 5 and actor in such films as Death Note (2006) and Love Exposure (2008). They divorced in 2016.
Filmography
Films
Rebel, Jiro's Love (2006)
Girl Sparks (2007)
Of Monster Mode (2007)
Bare-assed Japan (2007)
To Walk Beside You (2009)
Sawako Decides (2010)
Mitsuko Delivers (2011)
Azemichi no dandi (2011)
The Great Passage (2013)
The Vancouver Asahi (2014)
Our Family (2014)
The Tokyo Night Sky Is Always the Densest Shade of Blue (2017)
Almost a Miracle (2019)
All the Things We Never Said (2020)
The Asian Angel (2021)
A Madder Red (2021)
Television
When a Tree Falls (2018)
Awards
Asian Film Awards
2008 - Edward Yang New Talent
2018 - "Best Director" - The Tokyo Night Sky Is Always the Densest Shade of Blue
Blue Ribbon Awards
2011 - "Best Director" - Sawako Decides
Japanese Academy Awards
2013 - "Best Director" - The Great Passage
Mainichi Film Award
2013 - "Best Director" - The Great Passage
Kinema Junpo Award
2013 - "Best Director" - The Great Passage
References
External links
'Bare-Assed Japan' (2005) - Edward Yang New Talent at the 2nd Asian Film awards http://www.lovehkfilm.com/panasia/bare_assed_japan.html
Yuya Ishii marries actor Hikari Mitsushima http://www.tokyograph.com/news/hikari-mitsushima-marries-director-yuya-ishii
Living people
1983 births
People from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese film directors
Japan Academy Prize for Director of the Year winners
Best Director Asian Film Award winners
Japanese editors
Carlos Roberto Cuadras Quiroa (born August 24, 1988) is a Mexican professional boxer who held the WBC super flyweight title from 2014 to 2016.
As an amateur they won a gold medal in the bantamweight division at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Amateur career
Cuadras won the gold medal at the 2007 PanAmerican Games by beating local James Pereira and winning the final against Dominican southpaw Claudio Marrero 15-11.
At the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships they lost to Joe Murray: 19-28.
Professional career
In February 2010, Cuadras knocked out Oswaldo Rodriguez to win the WBC Youth Intercontinental Super Flyweight Championship at the Poliforum Zamná in Mérida, Yucatán.
Cuadras is managed by their father Rosario Cuadras, and promoted by Japan's Teiken Promotions. They have trained with Jose Luis Bueno and others at Bueno's Gym or their own gym in Mexico, often training under Sendai Tanaka's instruction in Japan.
In September 2011, Cuadras competed for the vacant WBC Continental Americas Super Flyweight Title against Johnny García at the Foro Polanco in Mexico City. They were knocked down with García's left hook in the first round. However, after their barrage in the second round, they landed a left to the liver and a right to the jaw to floor García twice, and captured the title with the stoppage victory.
Cuadras went up a weight division and knocked out Javier Franco in the fifth round after flooring them to be crowned the WBC United States (USNBC) Bantamweight Champion at the Playa Mamitas in Playa del Carmen on June 16, 2012.
On November 13, 2014 Cuadras was scheduled to defend their title against Sonny Boy Jaro, but Jaro was replaced with Marvin Mabait due to having visa problems.
On September 10, 2016, Cuadras sustained their first defeat as a professional, when they lost the WBC world Super-Flyweight title to Roman Gonzalez by a 12 round decision in a fight broadcast in the United States by HBO Boxing.
On September 9, 2017, Cuadras lost to Juan Francisco Estrada in a very close and entertaining fight. While reading out the scorecards, legendary boxing announcer Michael Buffer, mistakenly announced Carlos Estrada as the winner, before correcting himself, and declaring Juan Francisco Estrada as the winner by unanimous decision, winning 114-113 on all three judges' scorecards.
In their next fight, Cuadras was upset by Puerto Rican McWilliams Arroyo.
Professional boxing record
See also
List of WBC world champions
List of Mexican boxing world champions
References
External links
Results
Carlos Cuadras - Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
1988 births
Living people
Boxers from Sinaloa
Bantamweight boxers
Super-flyweight boxers
Boxers at the 2007 Pan American Games
Mexican male boxers
Pan American Games gold medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
People from Guamúchil
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
20th-century Mexican people
21st-century Mexican people
Galatasaray Mobile or GS Mobile is a Turkish virtual cellular service provider owned by Galatasaray SK that uses the Avea GSM network for coverage. The company slogan is "one team, one heart, one network".
"Avea" (A ve (and) A: Aria and Aycell) is one of three GSM operators in Turkey. It has been founded in 2004 with the merger of the two GSM operators Aycell (Turk Telekom) and Aria (joint venture of Türkiye İş Bankası (51%) and TIM (49%)). TIM and Turk Telekom own 40% stake each and İş Bank Group holds 20%. In September 2006, Telecom Italia announces that, having received authorisation from the relevant Turkish authorities, the sale of 40.5% stake in Avea, held by subsidiary TIM International, to Turk Telekom, for a total of USD 500 million, has been finalised. Therefore, the current shareholder structure is 81% owned by Turk Telekom and remaining 19% by Is Bankasi. Its competitors, Turkcell and Vodafone Turkey, have both been founded in 1994 and use the GSM 900 frequency range while Avea uses the GSM 1800 range.
Coverage area
The merging of two GSM operators has resulted in the need of redesigning the network architecture to extend coverage and to solve the issues created by the network load. Avea has been able to complete most of that process about one year after its creation, and currently covers a vast majority of Turkey's land area with more than 7,000 base stations (A map can be found on The GSM World Web Page). In contrast to Turkcell and Vodafone, Avea doesn't have an extension in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and customers therefore roam on the Turkcell and Vodafone Turkey networks.
Being a merger of two networks, Avea suffers from the heterogeneity of roaming partners and customers with numbers beginning with 50 and 55 don't have the same list of roaming partners (see the list of roaming partners for 505 customers and the list of roaming partners for 555 customers for the different partners' lists). Avea also offers GPRS / EDGE / 3G roaming in multiple countries (see the list of GPRS roaming partners for 505 customers and the list of GPRS roaming partners for 555 customers).
Competitiveness
As the latest participant in the Turkish GSM sector, Aria, Aycell and Avea have been obliged to offer lower prices to attract a maximum number of customers. Consequently, Turkcell (the leader of the Turkish GSM market) has lowered down its intra-network call rates by a third after the creation of Aria, and halved all call rates when Avea has been launched.
Currently, customers pay between 0 and 0.35 Turkish Liras per minute for national calls and between 0.32 and 2.1 Turkish Liras per minute for international calls (for details, see The Avea Tariffs Web site); which roughly corresponds to respectively 0, 0.20, 0.19 and 1.1 euros per minute. The very common SMS service costs between 0 and 0.06 Turkish Liras per SMS for national SMS messages, and 0.21 Turkish Liras for international ones (which corresponds to 0, 0.03 and 0.12 euros) (you can see the Avea Service Tariffs Web Site for details).
References
GS Mobile's web site
Avea's web site
Turkcell
Vodafone Turkey
GSM World
External links
Harry Kewell GS Mobile TV Commercial
Arda Turan GS Mobile TV Commercial
Burcu Yeşil GS Mobile TV Commercial
Wheelchair Basketball Team GS Mobile TV Commercial
Hüseyin Beşok & Işıl Alben GS Mobile TV Commercial
Galatasaray S.K.
Telecommunication companies of Turkey
Companies based in Istanbul
Telecommunication companies established in 2009
Turkish brands
Turkish companies established in 2009
The state elections Roraima in 2010 happened on October 3 as part of general elections that year in Brazil. At this time, elections were held in all 26 Brazilian states and the Federal District. Citizens eligible to vote elected the president, the governor and two senators per state, plus state and federal deputies. Since no presidential candidate, and governor of Rondônia received more middle of the valid votes, a runoff is carried out in the 31 October at the presidential election second round was between Rousseff's (PT) and José Serra (PSDB), with victory Dilma; already in the government of Rondonia was among Neudo Campos and Anchieta in Anchieta victory. Under the Federal Constitution, the President and the governors are directly elected for a term of four years, with a limit of two terms, so the president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva was unable to stand, since they were elected in 2002 and reelected in 2006. Already Anchieta, elected in 2006, tried a re-election and won it.
References
2010 Brazilian gubernatorial elections
Roraima gubernatorial elections
October 2010 events in South America
Kitsuné Maison Compilation 3 is the third compilation released by the French label Kitsuné Music. It was released on 11 December 2006. Pitchfork Media gave the album a mixed 6.0/10 review, describing the tracks by Simian Mobile Disco, Freeform Five and The Whitest Boy Alive as highlights.
Track listing
Simian Mobile Disco – "I Believe"
The Lovely Feathers – "Frantic"
The Whip – "Trash"
Fox n' Wolf – "Youth Alcoholic"
Klaxons – "Gravity's Rainbow (Van They Remix)"
Freeform Five – "Home Wit U"
Boys Noize – "Feel Good (TV=Off)"
Gossip – "Standing In The Way Of Control (Soulwax Nite Version)"
Alex Gopher – "Motorcycle (Wet Clutch Short Edit)"
The World Domination vs. Adam Sky – "Galactic Lover"
Dead Disco – "The Treatment (Metronomy Remix)"
The Valentinos – "Kafka (Bag Raiders What Y'all Kno 'Bout Seven Remixes)"
Oh No! Oh My! – "I Love You All The Time"
The Whitest Boy Alive – "Done With You"
Digitalism – "Zdarlight (Paranoid Asteroid Mix)"
References
Kitsuné compilation albums
2006 compilation albums
The Pittsburgh Curling Club (or PghCC) is a curling club located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The PghCC was founded in 2002 with 12 members, and as of 2020 has over 100 members.
The club opened its new four sheet dedicated ice facility in Stowe Township in February 2020.
Facility
The PghCC operates at 491 McCoy Road, Pittsburgh, PA. 15136
Origin
The Pittsburgh Curling Club was founded in May 2002, after months of emails and discussions between several ex-pat Canadians and local Pittsburgh residents. The twelve founding members rented ice for 26 weeks at Robert Morris University (RMU) Island Sports Center to start offering Learn-to-Curl sessions. Initially, the members had to draw the curling sheet lines and circles by hand prior to playing their games.
In 2007, the Pittsburgh Curling Club received its 501(c)(3) status as a charitable organization. The mission of the club is:
... to teach, develop, promote and encourage the sport of Curling; to develop youth and adult programs that lead to local, national and international competition; to coordinate and develop interscholastic competition; and to teach the sport to youth organizations as well as to interested adults by creating public awareness and appreciation for the sport.
Bonspiels
The Bonspiel schedule for 2020 is to be determined.
The Pittsburgh Curling Club hosted an annual summer bonspiel. from 2006 - 2017.
TropiCurl: held in early July, was an "open" format bonspiel (for teams made up of any combination of men, women, and juniors) that drew curlers from all over the United States and Canada.
TropiCurl
TropiCurl was held around the July 4th weekend.
Past TropiCurl winners
2017: Da Beers, (Chicago CC / Pittsburgh CC) Skip: Colin Rittgers, Vice: Michelle Rittgers, 2nd: Aaron Horowitz, Lead: Neill Turner
2016: Team Couch, (Potomac CC, Laurel MD / Columbus CC, Columbus OH / Mayfield CC, Cleveland OH), Skip: Melvin Shaw, Vice: Courtney Shaw, 2nd: Eric Johnson, Lead: Julia DiBaggio
2015: Draw the Four, (Glendale Curling Club – Ontario) Skip: Simon Ouellet, Vice: Danielle Breedon, 2nd: Todd Breedon, Lead: Betty Calic
2014: Team Scott, (Hamilton Victoria) Skip: John Scott, Vice: Judy Scott, 2nd: Jim Neales, Lead: Christina Neales
2013: Team Miller, (St. Georges) Skip: J. Miller, Vice: L. Berwick, 2nd: M. Berwick, Lead: S. Penton
2012: Team Burchesky, (New Pond Curling Club) Skip: D. Burchesky, Vice: S. Burchesky, 2nd: J. Burchesky, Lead: J. Burchesky
2011: Team Murray, (Potomac Curling Club, Laurel, MD) Skip. Sean Murray Vice, Nick Datlowe 2nd, Jeremy Vanderhouten Lead, Melissa Fox
2010: Team Murray, (Potomac Curling Club, Laurel, MD) Skip: Sean Murray, Vice: Nick Datlowe, 2nd: Jeremy Vanderhouten, Lead: Melissa Fox
2009: Team Moretto, Richmond Hill Curling Club Skip: D. Moretto, Vice: B. Gillispie, 2nd: P. DiClemente, Lead: B. Woolnough
2008: Team Epping, Tam Heather Curling Club Skip: J. Epping, Vice: K. Smith, 2nd: S. Smith, Lead: S. Collins
2007: Team Durrant, Plainfield Curling Club Skip: D. Durrant, Vice: A. Dubberly, 2nd: M. Dubberly, Lead: B. Peskoff
2006: Team Inglis, (Brampton Curling Club) Skip: Danielle Inglis, Vice: Jeff Inglis, 2nd: Mark Inglis, Lead: Lori Inglis
Affiliations
Grand National Curling Club
United States Curling Association
United States Women's Curling Association
World Curling Federation
References
External links
Pittsburgh Curling Club Website
Pittsburgh Curling Club at USCA website
Curling clubs in the United States
Sports in Pittsburgh
Curling clubs established in 2002
2002 establishments in Pennsylvania
Curling in Pennsylvania
The 1968 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season was the 20th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship Grand Prix season. The season consisted of ten Grand Prix races in six classes: 500cc, 350cc, 250cc, 125cc, 50cc and Sidecars 500cc. It began on 21 April, with German Grand Prix and ended with Nations Grand Prix on 15 September. As the sidecar race was cancelled at the Nations Grand Prix, it was announced that a replacement race would be held at Hockenheimring in October alongside the German national championship.
Season summary
With the departure of Honda from the Grand Prix scene, MV Agusta proceeded to dominate the larger classes with Giacomo Agostini winning every race in the 500 and 350 classes. The 250 crown went to Phil Read amidst a controversy between Yamaha teammates. Read was supposed to take the 125 title while leaving the 250 crown for Bill Ivy. After Read captured the 125 title, they ignored team orders and went after the 250 title as well. As a result, Yamaha would discharge Read and they would never regain a place on the factory team. Hans-Georg Anscheidt would capture their third consecutive 50cc championship for Suzuki.
1968 Grand Prix season calendar
Footnotes
Standings
Scoring system
Points were awarded to the top six finishers in each race. Only the best of three were counted on 50cc championships, best of five in 125cc championships, best of six in 250cc and 500cc championships, while in the Sidecars and 350cc, the best of four races were counted.
500cc final standings
350cc Standings
250cc Standings
125cc Standings
50cc Standings
References
Büla, Maurice & Schertenleib, Jean-Claude (2001). Continental Circus 1949-2000. Chronosports S.A.
Grand Prix motorcycle racing seasons
Grand Prix motorcycle racing season
Colthup's House is a heritage-listed detached house at 109 Limestone Street, Ipswich in the City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. It was designed and built by John Farrelly . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
History
This two-storey brick house is part of a row of four substantial brick houses on Limestone Street, starting from the corner of Waghorn Street, that were built around 1880 by Ipswich builder and architect John Farrelly. Farrelly originally bought Allotments 8, 9, 10 & 11 of Section 28 in 1878 and apparently built the houses from recycled materials salvaged from a fire which had destroyed St Mary's convent.
John Farrelly was listed as living at Waghorn Street (corner of Limestone Street) in Postal Directories until their death in 1904 and owned all four properties until that time, suggesting that Farrelly occupied the first of the four brick homes from the corner while leasing the other three houses to tenants. The house at 109 Limestone Street, along with the other three, are an example of the work of an early property developer who contributed to the middle-class suburban development of Ipswich.
John Farrelly was born in Bawnboy, County Cavan, Ireland where they worked as a builder before they emigrated to Queensland in 1861 and settled in Ipswich. They continued to worked as a builder in Ipswich and was listed as an architect from 1878 to 1901, although they had received no formal training in the field. Farrelly was active in local politics and was an unsuccessful Parliamentary candidate for Rosewood in 1888. They were a supporter of the Catholic Church and the eight-hour day. Some of their architectural work in Ipswich included buildings for the Queensland Pastoral and Agricultural Society (1885) and St Patrick's Hall in Darling Street Ipswich (1879) among many other cottages and residences in Ipswich built from the 1870s through to 1900.
In 1909 the house was sold to James Barnett Colthup who purchased Subdivision 1 of Allotment 11 of Section 28. James Colthup was a local ironmonger and later a trader in household furnishings and was listed as having commercial premises in Nicholas Street. The house carried the name Colthup's House'. Colthup's Chambers are still extant in Brisbane Street as well as Colthup Home'' in Thorn Street, a modern nursing home which has obscured the presence of an original 19th century residence owned by the Colthup family from 1918 to 1958.
In 1918 James Colthup sold the house at 109 Limestone Street and the property continued to change hands many times during the 20th Century. The house was converted to flat most probably in the 1930s when the verandahs were enclosed and the staircase removed. The back verandah remains enclosed displaying coloured glass windows in the exterior wall.
The house at 109 Limestone Street remains as the most intact example of the four houses constructed by John Farrelly. The original design is easily visible and all interior joinery is still intact. The house also clearly displays evidence that the building materials were recycled. The house still demonstrates the original characteristics of its initial purpose as a late 19th century middle class residence.
Description
The house is set close to Limestone street presenting a single storey to the street with the land falling away to the rear of the property, with two storeys at the rear. It is of load bearing brick rendered with ruled joints. The roofline is a steeply pitched hip and is broken at the verandah line to form a curved profile. The house was constructed from recycled materials from St Mary's Convent and this can be seen in the size of the structural timbers and the distinctive windows.
The upper level consists of a central hallway containing a stair to the lower level, with three bedrooms opening from the left of the hall and two formal rooms opening from the right. The hallway is a generous size and both front and rear doors are original and feature sidelights with Gothic arches and coloured glass. The formal living rooms contain back to back fireplaces and open to the verandah via French doors. The verandah surrounds four sides of the upper level and is enclosed at one side to form a storeroom. The house has been extended at the rear to form a family room, kitchen and bathroom. The core rooms on the upper level have vaulted ceilings of tongue and groove boarding and double-hung windows with distinctive top sashes with curved tops. The hallway ceiling has been lined with plasterboard. The original window and door joinery is intact. The verandah was enclosed earlier and no elements of the original detailing remain.
The lower level consists of a hallway, two bedrooms and a new bathroom. One of the bedrooms was the original kitchen and contains a large fireplace. The area under the front verandah can be accessed from the lower level hall and is enclosed with rough stonework with a concrete floor and a small timber window. This space is said to be the original bathroom and contains a concrete tub, which was apparently a feature of all John Farrelly's houses.
Heritage listing
Colthup's House was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
The house is important in demonstrating the pattern of Queensland's history in that it reflects the suburban development of Ipswich in the latter 19th century. As one of four houses constructed around 1880 by the builder John Farrelly it is an example of multiple property development in a time of growth and expansion for Ipswich. It also exemplifies a trend in usage of recycled building materials as common practice during the period of construction.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
The house is an intact example of an 1880s middle class dwelling with original design features and fittings still evident in the fabric. It stands as the most intact example of a group for four adjacent dwellings constructed around 1880.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
The house contributes significantly to the streetscape of upper Limestone Street approaching the hill towards Burnett Street and the surrounding area which is characterised by many examples of 19th century houses. Most notable is the coherent streetscape presented by the four adjacent masonry dwellings (being 109, 107, 105 & 103 Limestone Street) all of similar design and construction.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
The house has special association with life and work of local architect and builder and prominent member of the Ipswich community John Farrelly. Farrelly was registered as an architect in Ipswich from 1878 to 1901.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
West Ipswich, Queensland
Houses in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
The 2021–22 BNXT League is the inaugural season of the BNXT League, the highest professional basketball league in Belgium and the Netherlands. It replaces the Dutch Basketball League and the Pro Basketball League.
The season started with the BNXT Supercup on 19 September, while the regular season began on 24 September 2021. The season ended on 11 June 2022 with the final game of the Finals.
ZZ Leiden won the inaugural BNXT championship. Heroes Den Bosch won the Dutch national championship while Filou Oostende won the Belgian national championship.
Creation
On 10 December 2020, it was announced that the Belgian Pro Basketball League and Dutch Basketball League would merge to form a new multinational league. All clubs from the Dutch DBL voted for, while 9 of 10 teams in Belgium voted in favor of the decision. Serious talks about the initiative had been ongoing since fall 2019. On 20 May 2021, the new name "BNXT League" and logo of the league were revealed.
Competition formula
The league will consist of different stages with national championships and a common BeNeLeague championship.
Teams
All 22 teams from the 2020–21 Dutch Basketball League and 2020–21 Pro Basketball League were awarded licenses to play. Almere Sailors withdrew in August due to the lack of financial resources.
Arenas and locations
Note: Table lists in alphabetical order.
Personnel and sponsorship
Coaching changes
National Round
Netherlands
Standings
Results
Belgium
Standings
Results
International Round
Elite Gold
Standings
Results
Elite Silver
Standings
Results
National Playoffs
In the national playoffs, quarterfinals will be played best-of-three format (1–1–1), semifinals and finals will be played in a best-of-five format (1-1-1-1–1).
Netherlands
Heroes Den Bosch won its seventeenth national title, ending a 7-year drought, after beating ZZ Leiden in the finals. Thomas van der Mars was named the Finals MVP.
Bracket
Quarterfinals
|}
Semifinals
|}
Finals
|}
Belgium
Bracket
Quarterfinals
|}
Semifinals
|}
Finals
|}
BNXT Playoffs
The highest ranked team before the start of the playoffs always has the home court advantage. This means that they always play the last game of a playoff series or a home and away matchup at home.
First Round
|}
Second Round
|}
Third Round
|}
Fourth Round
|}
Quarterfinals
|}
Semifinals
|}
Finals
|}
Individual awards
The individual awards will be given during an award show held in Lint on 30 April 2022.
Statistics
The following were the statistical leaders in the 2021–22 regular season.
Individual statistic leaders
Individual game highs
References
External links
Official website
BNXT League seasons
BNXT
Andrés González Muñoz was a Cuban politician who served briefly as the colonial Governor of Puerto Rico in 1898. Their father was from Venezuela and their mother was from Santiago de Cuba, the same city that Muñoz was born in. They were born in 1840 in Santiago de Cuba, Captaincy General of Cuba. They graduated in 1862 as a Lieutenant from the . They were promoted to Lieutenant colonel for their service to Spain during the Ten Years' War, then to General after returning to Spain and fighting during the Third Carlist War. In 1895, they were named Second Corporal of Puerto Rico, which they held for 19 days. Afterwards, during their return to Cuba, they achieved the rank of Lieutenant general. In 1898, they were appointed Captain general of Puerto Rico to establish the Autonomous Charter. Upon their appointment, they left Spain for San Juan, where they arrived on January 11, 1898. However, only eight hours after the welcoming ceremony, they died of a heart attack. They were buried in the Cathedral of San Juan. Upon their death, Ricardo de Ortega y Diez became Governor until Manuel Macías y Casado took over the position.
References
1840 births
1898 deaths
Governors of Puerto Rico
Teall Nunatak () is a large nunatak at the mouth of Reeves Glacier, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) southeast of Hansen Nunatak in Victoria Land. Discovered by the Discovery expedition, 1901–04, the area was more fully explored by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09, which named this feature for Sir Jethro Justinian Harris Teall, Director of the British Geological Survey and Museum of Practical Geology, London, 1901–13.
Nunataks of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Toronto Choral Society was founded in 1845. Music was a popular form of entertainment for a rapidly growing and prosperous population, so a group of citizens formed a choral society in order to give concerts and foster the development of the local musical community. F.W. Barron, the principal of Upper Canada College, became the choir's first president, and James P. Clarke, organist at St. James Cathedral, was its first conductor.
1845 to 1900
The Choral Society's debut concert took place at the opening of St. George the Martyr Church on June 25, 1845, with a diverse program including selections from Beethoven, Handel, Mozart and Rossini. That October, the choir's second concert helped commemorate the King's College Triennial, and the choir established the tradition of performing two concerts a year.
When Toronto's first streetcar line opened in 1861, the TCS was there to celebrate the occasion. In 1863, the choir performed at the opening of one of Toronto's most beloved concert venues – Massey Hall. In 1872, the Toronto Choral Society presented the city's very first performance of Handel's Messiah – more than a century after the work was written. In 1860, TCS became a non-auditioned ensemble and that tradition also continues to this day.
On their retirement in 1872, conductor James P. Clarke was succeeded by an equally distinguished musician, Dr. Edward Fisher, founder of the Toronto Conservatory of Music. They presented Mendelssohn's Athalie in the Horticultural Gardens Pavilion, in what is now Allan Gardens. That venue continued to be used for special occasions such as the first concert of the season.
In its early years, TCS actually commissioned and performed new compositions. Francesco D'Auria, who assumed the conductor's post in 1892, directed the choir that year in the premiere of their own work Gulnare, with words by Mrs. Edgar Jarvis.
1900 to Present
The records are incomplete for the first half of the 20th century, it is known that the tenor and bass sections were depleted during the Second World War. Public performances were suspended, and, for a time, so was the Toronto Choral Society.
In 1986, the Toronto Choral Society resumed operations under the direction of Eric Hanbury, organist and choirmaster at St. Peter's Anglican Church. The choir resumed the tradition of two major performances a year, occasionally interspersed with smaller community concerts. Mr. Hanbury led the choir in works by Mendelssohn, Bach, Wesley, Bruchner, Pinkham, and Rutter, as well as compositions by Canadian composers such as George Fox and Healey Willan.
In 1990, Maura McGroarty, a classically trained singer and choral specialist, became the Toronto Choral Society's director. Them vocal expertise helped the choir's singers, most of whom have little formal musical training, to learn important technical elements of choral singing. Under Ms. McGroarty, the choir performed works by Handel, Bach, Rutter, and Healey Willan, and explored Canadian and American folk songs as well as other light, popular works.
In 1994, leadership of the Toronto Choral Society was assumed by Geoffrey Butler. Under their guidance, TCS has expanded in new directions, performing a variety of sacred, secular, and popular vocal compositions from around the world.
In 1996, TCS celebrated its sesquicentennial with a concert that returned the choir to its roots. The program revisited 1845 and two important social movements of the time: Irish immigration to the New World, and the escape of American slaves to Canada via the Underground Railroad. Combining traditional Irish music and African American spirituals with historical readings, this was one of the most popular in the choir's history and was repeated, by popular demand, in 2001.
Other notable performances have included Ramirez's Navidad Nuestr, Vivaldi's Gloria, Britten's Ceremony of Carols (with harp and children's chorus), Mozart's Requiem, Beethoven's Choral Fantasy in C Minor, performed with the Oakville Symphony Orchestra at Oakville's annual Waterfront Festival, and Carl Orff's Carmina Burana. In 2004, the choir reprised Handel's Messiah.
References
External links
Canadian choirs
Musical groups from Toronto
Musical groups established in 1845
1845 establishments in Canada
Stockland Shellharbour (previously known as Shellharbour Square) is a large indoor/outdoor shopping centre in the Shellharbour City Centre of the Illawarra region.
Transport
Stockland Shellharbour has bus connections to Barrack Point, Oak Flats, Unanderra and Wollongong, as well as the local surrounding area. The majority of its bus services are located on Lake Entrance Road and Wattle Road.
Stockland Shellharbour has multi level car parks with 3,607 spaces.
History
Shellharbour Square opened in November 1982 and featured Kmart, Coles New World, Franklins, Best & Less, W. Waters and Son pieces of hardware. and 96 speciality stores. The centre was owned by Girvan Corporation Ltd who purchased and developed the centre on former public housing land.
In November 1988 GIO acquired Shellharbour Square for $63 million. Shellharbour Square underwent a redevelopment which saw the centre expand in the W. Waters and Son hardware space and the addition of Target. In 2002 Franklins closed its store and was taken over by Bi-Lo. Bi-Lo closed in 2006 and was replaced by Harris Scarfe.
In December 2010 Stockland commenced construction on the $330 million redevelopment of Stockland Shellharbour. The redevelopment involved the expansion and partial demolition of the centre. The expansion doubled the size of the centre and involved the relocation of Kmart and Target. This development included the addition of a new city square, new plaza entrance on vacant land to the southwest of existing centre, alfresco dining precinct, community stage, child play areas and a multi-function space used for passive recreation and small community activities.
Stockland Shellharbour had its grand opening on 18 May 2013. This included the opening of a two level Myer department store, Harris Scarfe, Woolworths, JB Hi-Fi and 220 specialty stores including a new relocated Kmart and Target.
Tenants
Stockland Shellharbour has 81,880m² of floor space. The major retailers include Myer, Harris Scarfe, Kmart, Target, Coles, Woolworths, Cotton On, JB Hi-Fi and Timezone.
References
External links
Stockland Shellharbour Official Website
Shopping centres in New South Wales
Shopping malls established in 1982
1982 establishments in Australia
Buildings and structures in Wollongong
City of Shellharbour
Raymond John Carter (17 September 1935 – 2 July 2020) was a Labour Party politician, who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Birmingham Northfield from 1970 to 1979. From 1980 to 2003, they were executive at the Marathon Oil Company, for whom they were also a director from 1983 to 2003.
Early life and career
Carter was born in September 1935, the son of John Carter and Nellie Carter (née Woodcock). They were educated at Mortlake Secondary School, Reading Technical College and Stafford College of Technology, becoming an electrical engineer. From 1953 to 1955, they undertook National Service, and then worked as a technical assistant at the Sperry Gyroscope Company. In 1965, they moved to work for the Central Electricity Generating Board.
Political career
Carter joined the Labour Party and served as a councillor on Easthampstead Rural District Council from 1963 to 1968. They unsuccessfully contested Wokingham at the 1966 United Kingdom general election, and was also unsuccessful in the 1968 Warwick and Leamington by-election. Carter was the Member of Parliament for Birmingham Northfield from 1970 to 1979, and from 1974 to 1976 served on the Western European Union and the Council of Europe. They were then a junior minister for the Northern Ireland Office until 1979. They were a member of the Public Accounts Committee from 1973 to 1974, and of the Parliamentary Science and Technology Committee from 1974 to 1976. They were the author of the Congenital Disabilities (Civil Liability) Act in 1976.
Carter unexpectedly lost their seat - which they had won by a 20% majority or 10,597 votes in the previous election - to the Conservative Jocelyn Cadbury at the 1979 United Kingdom general election, losing by just 204 votes (a margin of 0.3%) on a swing of 10.2%.
Outside Parliament
Carter was a member of the General Advisory Council at the BBC from 1974 to 1976. They were also a member of the Interim Advisory Committee (Teachers' Pay and Conditions) for the Department of Education and Science from 1987 to 1991. From 1991 to 1993, they were Deputy Chairman of the School Teachers' Review Body. In 1991, they were awarded a CBE.
In 1983, Carter was a co-cataloguer and exhibitor on the works of Sir John Betjeman. They were also a Trustee of the British Museum (Natural History) from 1986 to 1996, and in 1991, they became a Patron for the Guild of Handicraft Trust. That year also saw them becoming a member of the Development Committee at the Arvon Foundation, a role they held until 2001. They were a Governor at Wexham and Heatherwood Hospitals NHS Trust from 2011 to 2014.
Personal life and death
In 1959, they married Jeanette Hills; they had a son and two daughters. In Whom's Who, they listed their recreations as "walking, reading, writing". Carter lived in Bracknell in Berkshire.
They died aged 84 in July 2020.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
The Almamac of British Politics 1999
External links
1935 births
2020 deaths
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in Berkshire
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Northern Ireland Office junior ministers
West Thorney is a village and civil parish in the Chichester district in West Sussex, England located nine kilometres (5.4 miles) west of Chichester south of the A27 road.
West Thorney is a village and civil parish on Thorney Island, the southern part of a peninsula of land between two arms of Chichester Harbour, separated from the mainland by a channel called the Great Deep. Just to the south is the smaller Pilsey Island, a haven for birds. The island was a World War II airfield RAF Thorney Island which remained in use until 1976. Since 1982 the base has been used by the Royal Artillery. Only the church and coastal footpath are open to the public. It is necessary to give one's name and address by intercom to be allowed through remotely controlled gates.
The parish has a land area of 1223 hectares (3021 acres). In the 2001 census 1079 people lived in 217 households, of whom 679 were economically active. At the 2011 Census the population was 1,183.
The parish church
The Anglican parish church is dedicated to St Nicholas, the patron saint of sailors. The original building dates from around 1100 A.D. probably on the orders of Bishop Warlewast.
History
The Manor of Thorney belonged to the chapelry of Bosham at the Norman conquest and was held by the Bishops of Exeter. In 1086 A.D. the Domesday Book recorded that 'Mauger holds of the land of this church 12 hides as one manor; it is called Tornei and pays geld for 8 hides'. It was sold by the Bishop of Exeter in 1548 to Thomas Fisher, who the following year sold it to Henry Bickley.
Landmarks
Chichester Harbour, a Site of Special Scientific Interest is partly within the parish. This is a wetland of international importance,a Special Protection Area for wild birds and a Special Area of Conservation. The harbour is of particular importance for wintering wildfowl and waders of which five species reach numbers which are internationally important.
Pilsey Island
Pilsey Island is a small island in Chichester Harbour, just off the south eastern tip of Thorney Island. The island is an RSPB nature reserve and a designated Local Nature Reserve.
References
Chichester District
Local Nature Reserves in West Sussex
Populated coastal places in West Sussex
Villages in West Sussex
Peter Mere Latham (1789–1875) was an English physician and "a great medical educator".
Life
The son of John Latham (1761–1843), they were born on 1 July 1789 in London. Described as "a very delicate child", they attended Sandbach School where they resided with their paternal grandmother (Sarah Latham née Podmore). Around 1796, they were transferred to Macclesfield Grammar School, and on to Brasenose College, Oxford in 1807. They took their M.D. degree at Oxford in 1818, and in the same year became a Fellow of the College of Physicians. They delivered their Gulstonian lectures in 1819 and the Harveian oration in 1839.
In 1815 Latham was elected physician to the Middlesex Hospital, and to St Bartholomew's in 1824. On their accession in 1837, they were appointed physician extraordinary to Queen Victoria. They retired to Torquay in 1865, where they died on 20 July 1875, age 86.
Family
Latham was married twice. First to Diana Clarissa Chetwynd Stapleton, granddaughter of Lord Chetwynd; they died in 1825, within a year of their marriage. Secondly on 14 February 1833, to Grace Mary Chambers, third daughter of Commander David Chambers, R.N. By them they had four children, two sons, Weyland Mere, Philip Arderne, and two daughters, Diana Frances and Mary Grace.
Notes
1789 births
1875 deaths
19th-century English medical doctors
Mónika Bartos (born 24 December 1975) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Regional List of Hajdú-Bihar County between 2010 and 2014, and the Fidesz–KDNP national list since 2014.
They were appointed a member of the Committee on Sustainable Development on 14 May 2010, serving in this capacity until 7 May 2018. Following that they became vice-chairperson of the Committee on Budgets.
References
1975 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2022–2026)
Women members of the National Assembly of Hungary
Politicians from Budapest
21st-century Hungarian women politicians
The Federal Medical Center, Devens (FMC Devens) is a United States federal prison in Massachusetts for male inmates requiring specialized or long-term medical or mental health care. It is designated as an administrative facility, which means it has inmates from different security classifications, from white-collar criminals to mobsters and sex offenders. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. FMC Devens also has a satellite camp housing minimum-security male inmates.
FMC Devens is located in north-central Massachusetts, approximately 39 miles west of Boston, on the grounds of Fort Devens, which occupied the land before it was scaled back in size.
Facility and services
Upon entering FMC Devens, new inmates undergo a month-long admission and orientation program to meet prison staff, acquaint themselves with the facility, and learn the facility's rules and regulations. They are introduced to the prison's inmate count system: prisoners are checked on five times a day. New inmates also receive a physical exam and educational, vocational, and psychological tests. Inmates at Devens are subject to random, unannounced urine and breathalyzer tests, as well as searches for contraband.
FMC Devens has regular onsite specialists in cardiology, nephrology, endocrinology, surgery, neurology and pulmonology. Inmates often leave the facility to see outside specialists and for tests and medical procedures not available in the medical center, according to Sandra Howard, the clinical director at FMC Devens.
Inmates are allowed six visits a month. Physical contact is allowed so long as it is not deemed excessive. An in-house psychology department offers inmates counseling for depression and suicidal ideation, as well as sex-offender and drug-addiction programs. A chaplain offers religious services and counseling, and volunteers in a prisoner visitation service pay visits to inmates who do not receive many visitors. There are adult continuing-education classes and an electronic library where they can read up on new case law and sentencing guidelines. The prison has a recreation area for floor hockey, basketball, and soccer, a hobby craft room, and a music-practice room.
Notable inmates
Current
Inmates currently held at FMC Devens.
Former
Inmates who have served time at FMC Devens.
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
External links
FMC Devens - official website
Buildings of the United States government in Massachusetts
Devens
1999 establishments in Massachusetts
Devens
Buildings and structures in Harvard, Massachusetts
Bhai Sahib Bhai Mohinder Singh Ahluwalia OBE KSG (Punjabi: ਭਾਈ ਸਾਹਿਬ ਭਾਈ ਮੋਹਿੰਦਰ ਸਿੰਘ ਜੀ ਆਹਲੂਵਾਲੀਆ) (born on 31 March 1939 in Gulu, Uganda) is the chairperson of the Guru Nanak Nishkam Sewak Jatha UK.  They are listed in the top 100 most influential Sikhs in the world.
Career
Bhai Sahib has worked as chairperson of the GNNSJ since 1995.
 They are the first British Sikh to be awarded the official title of ‘Bhai Sahib' by the Shiromani Gurudwara Parbandhak Committee, SGPC, Amritsar (the Sikh ‘apex' organisation representing some 26 million Sikhs globally), for their selfless service in propagating the Sikh faith, engagement in interfaith work and heritage conservation.
Awards and recognition
In the 2015 New Year Honours, Bhai Sahib was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for services to Interfaith and community cohesion.
In 2012 Bhai Sahib made history by becoming the first Sikh in the world to be honoured with the Pontifical Order of Knighthood of St Gregory for their interfaith work.
In addition they have received a wide range of awards recognising their community work including:
An honorary degree from Aston University in 2014
The Third GCGI Award for Public Service in the Interest of the Common Good presented at the 12th Annual GCGI International Conference in 2014
Juliet Hollister Award from the Temple of Understanding in 2008. Past awardees have included the XIVth Dalai Lama, Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu and Nelson Mandela.
An honorary degree from Birmingham City University in 2006
An honorary degree from the University of Central England in 2001
See also
List of British Sikhs
References
1939 births
Living people
People from Birmingham, West Midlands
Kenyan emigrants to the United Kingdom
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Ahluwalia
James Lee Arrell (November 7, 1888 – March 26, 1955) was an American rugby union player who played prop for the United States men's national team in its first capped match in 1912.
Biography
Arrell was born on November 7, 1888 in Wyandotte, Kansas, the son of Happer Samuel Arrell and Mary Eva Arrell (born Ege). Arrell attended Stanford University beginning in 1910, where they played in the front row for the school's rugby team, ending the 1910 season with a record of seven wins and one loss. While at Stanford, Arrell became a member of the Lambda Sigma chapter of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
On November 16, 1912, Arrell played for the United States national rugby union team at prop in its first capped match against Australia, a 12–8 loss. This would be their only appearance for the United States in a test match. In 1913, Arrell would also play rugby for Olympic Club in San Francisco, California. Arrell married Annie M. Holderman, and was the father of seven children. They moved to Abeline, Texas in 1930 and lived there until their death on March 26, 1955, at the age of 66.
References
External links
1888 births
1955 deaths
American rugby union players
United States international rugby union players
Rugby union props
Alan Crompton (born 6 March 1958) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder for Sunderland, Blackburn Rovers, Wigan Athletic and Runcorn.
They were the first ever player to come onto the field as a substitute for Wigan Athletic as a Football League team.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Footballers from Bolton
Association football midfielders
English footballers
Sunderland A.F.C. players
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
Runcorn F.C. Halton players
English Football League players
College Capers is a 1931 animated short film produced by The Van Beuren Corporation and released by the film distributor Pathé.
The film, directed by John Foster and Harry Bailey, features the doings of a plethora of animals at college. The name of the cartoon means that the events in the cartoon represent mischief, as the informal meaning of Caper is "an ridiculous activity".
Released on March 15, 1931, the cartoon is part of the early sound series entitled Aesop's Sound Fables. However, despite being in the series. The film is not based on an actual Aesop fable.
However, like the other cartoons Van Beuren produced, the film has fallen into the public domain. This is because of their age, the studio's collapse, and their inclusion on budget DVDs.
Plot
The film begins with the animals travelling to college, whilst all singing a song. Once they are all in the classroom, the professor announces, in a nonsense accent, the roll-call. The animals, through a song, explain that they are all present.  They are not amused, and angrily asks the students to sit down. After that, a student is caught sleeping by another pupil, who plays a song on their guitar to wake them up. Then, several students duplicate the song on other instruments, whilst others dance to it. This continues until the sports coach comically sucks them up in a giant vacuum cleaner to transport them to the viewer podium to watch a sports game. At the beginning of the game, the band plays a song (with audio recycled from Circus Capers). After the playing, the game begins, which is a group of mice versus a hippo. At the start of the game, the first set of mice get comically flattened by the ball, due to the hippo comically treating the ball like a rolling pin. However, some of the mice manage to get on to their back to prevent them from scoring. This does not help, as the hippo scores anyway by comically flinging themselves over the bar. After the game, the medics comically pick up the injured mice with a spatula, due to them being flattened. In the second game, the mice bring out substitutes for the injured. When the second game starts, a group of mice forms a pyramid and ram into the hippo. This makes one of the players go over him. When the hippo realises and tries to grab him. The mouse comically goes under the court to escape the hippo and run to the goalpost while the other mice pin the hippo down. The mouse scores the point, and wins the game. This makes the audience enter the court en masse to attack the hippo. The film ends with the entire college walking down the street and celebrating, with the hippo strung up from the goal.
Characters
In the film, the characters are all animals—pigs, dogs, mice, etc.—that attend the college. There is also the hippo, who loses the game of American football. Milton and Rita Mouse do not appear in this cartoon due to a lawsuit agreement with Disney that Van Beuren would no longer use the characters.
Reception
College Capers received positive reviews from the cinema magazines at that time. Film Daily said the film was "unusually good" and said the film had "laughable gags". Whilst the Motion Picture Herald said the film was "just fair".
References
External links
1931 films
1931 short films
1930s American animated films
1931 animated films
American black-and-white films
"Awake, our drowsy souls" was a Christian hymn by Elizabeth Scott.
History
It was first published in the Baptist Collections of Ash and Evans, Bristol, 1769, No. 307, in 5 stanzas of 6 1., and appointed as "A hymn for Lord's Day Morning." From that collection it passed into several later hymnals, including John Rippon, John Dobell, and others. By the early 20th-century, it was almost entirely unknown to modern hymn-books except in the United States, having been superseded by
"Awake, ye saints, awake, And hail", and others as a recast of the same in 4 stanzas (stanza iii. being the original with "and" for "while," 1. 3) made by Thomas Cotterill, and given in the first edition of their Selection, 1810. This form of the hymn had somewhat extensive use in Great Britain and the U.S., and is usually ascribed correctly to "Elizabeth Scott and Thomas Cotterill."
Alternate versions
In many of the modern American hymnals, stanza iv. is omitted; but the English generally give the text from Cotterill as in Baptist Psalms and Hymns, 1858. In this case, the only alteration is "blest " for "bless'd " in stanza i., line 5. Another form of the hymn is:— "Servants of God, awake." It consists of st. i.—iii- of Cotterill's recast, slightly altered. It appeared in the Harrow School Hymn Book, 1855, and from then on passed into Church Hymns, 1871, No. 39. In the Hymn-Book of the Evangelical Association, Cleveland, Ohio, 1881, No. 604, stanzas i., ii. are given as "Children of God, awake "; and in the Marlborough College Hymns, 1869, stanzas i.—iii. as " Come, sons of God, awake."
The authorship of "Awake, ye saints, awake" is ascribed to Cotterill, on the ground that they wrote the most of what is its present form. In Caleb Evans's Collection, fifth edition, 1786, it appears in five stanzas, commencing, “Awake, our drowsy souls." Rippon has it with the same text and the same title: “A Hymn for the Lord's Day Morning." Evans credits it to “D,” that is, Dr. Philip Doddridge, but Dobell, who reprints it in six stanzas, has assigned it to “Scott”. It was altered about the year 1810 by Cotterill, for their Sheffield collection. The original was discovered in manuscript, in the library of Yale College, where it remained. Professor Frederic Mayer Bird gave much care to Scott's biography and hymns, and elaborately annotated this manuscript volume in the columns of the New York Independent.
References
Bibliography
American Christian hymns
1769 songs
1769 in Christianity
Literature by women
18th-century hymns
The First Cyprus Treasure or Lamboussa Treasure is the name of a major early Byzantine silver hoard found near Kyrenia, Cyprus. Currently in the British Museum's collection, the treasure is largely composed of liturgical objects that may have belonged to an ancient church or monastery. It is called the First Cyprus Treasure to distinguish it from the so-called Second Cyprus Treasure, which is now split between the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Cyprus Museum.
Discovery
The hoard was found by accident at the end of the nineteenth century near the Acheiropoietos Monastery, west of Kyrenia at the ancient site of Lambousa. It is unclear why the treasure was deposited, but it may have been deliberately hidden to evade the invading Arab armies of 653 AD. Following its discovery, the entire treasure came into the possession of the French aristocrat Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord, Duc de Dino, who in turn sold it to the British Museum in 1899.
Description of the treasure
The treasure was probably made in Constantinople, the capital of the Byzantine Empire, and is composed of 28 different objects, all made of silver. It includes a bowl with a half length image of a saint (possibly Saint Sergius), a paten with cross in the centre, a hexagonal censer and twenty-five pear-shaped spoons, eleven of which are engraved with leaping animals. The bowl is marked with five stamps from the reign of emperor Constans II, who reigned between 641-51 AD.
Gallery
See also
Lampsacus Treasure
References
Bibliography
D. Strong, Greek and Roman Silver Plate (British Museum Press, 1966)
D. Buckton (ed.), Byzantium: Treasures of Byzantium (London, The British Museum Press, 1994)
J.P.C. Kent and K.S. Painter (eds.), Wealth of the Roman world, AD 300-700 (London, The British Museum Press, 1977)
O. M. Dalton: Byzantine silversmith's work from Cyprus, in: Archeologia 57, S. 159-174
R Merrillees: The modern history of the first Lambousa Treasure of Byzantine Silverware from Cyprus, in: Antiquaries Journal No 89, 2009, Pages 389-403
Treasure troves of Medieval Europe
Silver objects
Medieval European objects in the British Museum
Byzantine Cyprus
Byzantine art
Simo Budmani (; ) was a merchant and author from Dubrovnik who lived and worked in Novi Pazar, though intermittently traveled throughout the Balkans and the Ottoman Empire as a Levant merchant.
 They are remembered for their Serbian-Italian Dictionary and also travels in the first decades of the 18th century across the Turkish Empire, and as this merchant was also interested in philology, during their long stay in Novi Pazarhe accumulated much knowledge and wrote about it. At the same time, they made a fortune as a merchant-trader.
Simo Budmani is an offshoot of a Dubrovnik family that was not originally from the city, but possibly from a village in Konavle. The family was known for trading with merchants from the Levant
As a merchant travelling throughout the Balkans, Budmani got to know the regions, people and customs, and gradually acquired both wealth and knowledge. In 1722–1723, they were in Novi Pazar, in 1724 in Ruščuk, from where they traded beeswax. In 1726 they were in Wallachia, and the following year, in 1727, they came from Niš "with buffalo skins, wax and wolf skins"; in 1729 they were in Vidin, then in 1730, 1732–1733 and in 1736 in Novi Pazar, in 1740, in Prokuplje, and in 1749 again in Novi Pazar.
Simo Budmani's Novi Pazar records, in the form they have now, represent a collection of material, mostly lexicographic concerning the Italian-Serbian dictionary, with more than six hundred and fifty words and more than sixty sentences.
Valtazar Bogišić mentioned a "list of words collected in Novi Pazar by a Dubrovnik merchant Budman in the year 17.." in their book Narodne pjesme iz starijih, najčešće primorskih zapisa I ("Folk Songs from Older, Mostly Coastal Records I) which Srpsko učeno društvo (Serbian Learned Society) published in 1878.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Dubrovnik
18th-century lexicographers
18th-century merchants
Place of death missing
Ragusan merchants
Ragusan writers
King Worldwide is a New Zealand record manufacturing plant run by Peter King. It specialises in cutting polycarbonate records using a lathe technique, as opposed to the traditional vinyl material. The operation began in the late 1980s in the town of Geraldine, and as such, King's records are sometimes referred to as "Geraldine pressings". Due to this unique production process, King worldwide specialises in small-run pressings in editions as low as 20.
King Worldwide has been commissioned to produce records for artists such as Pavement, Lee Ranaldo, Alastair Galbraith, The Dead C, David Kilgour, Thela, Rosy Parlane, No-Neck Blues Band, Tarantel, The Enright House, Experimental Audio Research, Doctor Freakinstein, Of Arrowe Hill, Reynols, Jad Fair, Six Organs of Admittance, Birchville Cat Motel, Acid Mothers Temple, Beastie Boys, Meterman and Harry Pussy.
See also
List of record labels
External links
http://www.peterkinglathecutrecords.co.nz - The official website for King Records Worldwide with contact and ordering information.
New Zealand record labels
Alternative rock record labels
Dahaneh-ye Heydari (, also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Ḩeydarī) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 51, in 15 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
R-17 regional road () (previously known as R-15 regional road) is a Montenegrin roadway.
History
In January 2016, the Ministry of Transport and Maritime Affairs published bylaw on categorisation of state roads. With new categorisation, R-15 regional road was renamed as R-17 regional road.
Major intersections
References
R-17
Schreiber was a brand of fitted kitchen and furniture operating in the United Kingdom.
Started in 1957 by Chaim Schreiber to make furniture, Schreiber became an extremely successful brand in furniture from the 1960s to the early 1970s, challenging both Harris Lebus and Gomme for domination. In the 1970s it became vertically integrated by opening its own furniture centres. The company merged with GEC in the 1970s. Schreiber was later bought out by the MFI Group, and on MFI's bankruptcy in 2008, the brand rights were bought by the Home Retail Group in 2009. In 2016, the Home Retail Group was purchased by the UK retailer Sainsbury's, who quietly dropped the Schreiber brand the following year in 2017.
History
Early years
In 1957, Chaim Schreiber, a Polish refugee immigrant who made radio cabinets for Dansette and other larger electrical manufacturers, bought the bankrupt furniture business Lubetkin and re-branded it under their own name, Schreiber.
Expansion
Schreiber was hugely successful in the 1960s and 1970s, challenging Lebus and Gomme for domination. It was a major manufacturer of bedroom furniture in the 1960s at the value end of the market. It bought the more upmarket competitor Greaves and Thomas in 1967.
Vertical integration
In 1970, Schreiber's turnover overtook that of arch-rival Gomme, helped by the failure of its even bigger competitor Harris Lebus the previous year.
Schreiber introduced both new upholstered furniture and bedroom furniture in 1973. It also started selling fitted kitchens, ensuring that it offered something for the whole house. Schreiber also opened Schreiber Furniture Centres, which were 3,500 sq ft in size stocking 4,000 products. It invited retail traders to bid for their shops to become its new centres, and 280 opened out of 800 applications.
Merger with GEC
In 1973 turnover was double that of 1971, but trade started to suffer thereafter. Chaim Schreiber tried and aborted flotation attempts on the stock market of the company in 1972 and 1973, and by 1974 the company was in need of cash. A merger was proposed by Sir Arnold Weinstock of GEC between Schreiber Wood Industries and British Domestic Appliances (BDA), better known as the company behind Hotpoint and Morphy Richards. GEC placed BDA in a new subsidiary company called GEC-Schreiber Limited and Schreiber also came under the ownership of that company. GEC held 62.5% of the resulting business, with Chaim Schreiber holding 27.5%. This merger took place in August 1974, and by the end of that financial year, the combined group returned a small profit. It was noted that in 1974 Schreiber were the largest producer of domestic furniture in the UK.
In 1978 the company completed a new factory in Runcorn, Cheshire. The empty shell had been completed in 1974 to designs of Peter Carmichael of Runcorn Development Corporation Architects Department, and the finished factory was completed by them as partner in the architectural firm; Brock Carmichael Associates. (The factory is now a supply depot for Howdens Joinery). In April 1982, the company sold Morphy Richards for £5 million to a holding company owned by The Throgmorton Trust, Capital for Industry.
In 1983, GEC Schreiber Limited was reconstructed, such that Hotpoint returned to being under the sole ownership of GEC and Schreiber Industries returned to being owned by the Schreiber family.
Bought by the MFI Group
Schreiber was acquired by the MFI Group in November 1988, and it sat alongside MFI's other well known household brands.
Home Retail Group acquisition
After MFI went into administration in 2008, the Schreiber Furniture brand together with the Hygena UK and Irish brand rights were bought by the Home Retail Group, the owner of Argos and Homebase, in 2009 and relaunched through those chains.
Purchase by Sainsbury's
In April 2016, Home Retail Group agreed to a £1.4bn takeover by UK retailer Sainsbury's, including the rights to the Schreiber brand. The acquisition was completed on 2 September 2016.
Sainsbury's quietly dropped the Schreiber brand in 2017, and integrated it into the Argos Home range.
Operations
The Schreiber brand was owned by Sainsbury's and its products were sold in the United Kingdom through Argos stores and the Argos website.
Following the 2016 sale of Homebase to Wesfarmers, all Schreiber branding was removed from both the Homebase stores and the Homebase website in mid-2017 when the agreement with Home Retail Group expired.
The Schreiber brand itself was subsequently dropped and replaced with the Argos Home range in 2017.
References
External links
Schreiber at Argos
Chaim Schreiber's Way by Avital Schreiber Levy
British furniture makers
Kitchen manufacturers
British brands
1957 establishments in England
British companies established in 1957
Manufacturing companies established in 1957
Sainsbury's
Ghost Town Parade is the third studio album by Les Dudek. It was released in 1979 on Columbia Records.
Track listing
Side 1
(1) "Central Park" - 5:11
(2) "Bound to Be a Change" - 3:14
(3) "Gonna Move - 4:12
(4) "Friend of Mine" - 6:08
Side 2
(5) "Does Anybody Care" - 4:01
(6) "Down to Nothin" - 5:09
(7) "Tears Turn into Diamonds" - 2:56
(8) "Falling Out" - 3:39
(9) "Ghost Town Parade" - 4:58
Charts
Personnel
Les Dudek : guitars; vocals
Mike Finnigan : keyboards; backing vocals
Jim Kreuger : guitar on 2, 4
Max Gronenthal : keyboards on 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ; backing vocals on 3, 7, 8, 9
Robert Powell : bass on 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9
Gerald Johnson : bass on 2, 4
Jim Keltner : drums on 2, 4
Jeffrey Porcaro : drums on 2, 4
Gary Mallaber : drums on 1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9
Carmine Appice : drums on 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9
Patrick Murphy : percussion on 1, 2, 4, 5, 6
Jack Bruce : backing vocals on 1, 5, 6
Produced by Bruce Botnick
Recorded and Mixed by Andy Johns
String and horn arrangements by Allan Macmillan, except 09 by Jerry Long
References
1978 albums
Les Dudek albums
Albums produced by Bruce Botnick
Columbia Records albums
Buck Jam Tonic is a double album of improvised music by John Zorn, Bill Laswell & Tatsuya Nakamura released on the Japanese WildDisk label in 2003 and consists of one disc mixed in Tokyo and another mixed in New York City. A vinyl edition was also released containing only the Tokyo mix
Track listing
All compositions by Nakamura/Laswell/Zorn
Disc one: Tokyo mix
"Old Dragon" - 4:53
"Lobo" - 7:18
"Matagi" - 5:39
"Toccata for Coyote" - 10:20
"Nu" - 4:53
Disc two: NY mix
"Tzu" - 23:29
"Second Sight" - 28:37
"Panepha" - 15:39
Personnel
Adapted from the Buck Jam Tonic liner notes.
John Zorn – alto saxophone, soprano saxophone
Bill Laswell – bass
Tatsuya Nakamura – drums
References
External links
John Zorn albums
2003 albums
Bill Laswell albums
Margin on Services (or MoS) is a financial reporting method developed by the Australian Accounting Standards Board that relates to life insurance companies in Australia and New Zealand.
Under MoS, the value of future surpluses expected to emerge under a life insurance contract is first determined and then spread over the projected life of the policy. The spreading is normally done as a percent of projected claims in each future year, although other measures can be used, such as premium or expenses. It is this approach to spreading which resulted in the method being called "Margin on Services".
Other characteristics of the MoS framework include:
realistic projections
policies can be assets
a risk-free discount rate is used (unless there is market risk in the projections)
future surpluses are recalculated at each reporting date, but are not capitalised to/from profit at that date, although loss-recognition events are possible
The method is specified in prudential standard LPS 340 issued by the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority.
References
See also
Insurance in Australia
Life insurance
Accounting in Australia
Max Lewis Ehrich (born 1990 or 1991) is an American actor, singer, and dancer.
Life and career
Ehrich was raised in Marlboro Township, New Jersey, in a Jewish family with mother Rhonda Ehrich and father Bruce Ehrich. They made their film debut starring in One Easy Job (2004), then had a supporting role as principal dancer in High School Musical 3: Senior Year. Breaking into television, Ehrich played Randy in two episodes of Ugly Betty. They then played 16-year-old jock Jesse Moretti in the 2009 Lifetime TV-movie The Pregnancy Pact, starring Thora Birch, Camryn Manheim, and Nancy Travis. They filmed two pilots for CBS in 2010, and has since shot another pilot as a recurring guest star for the new Country Music Television sitcom Working Class, starring Melissa Peterman. They played Adam in iStart A Fan War, a TV-movie for the Nickelodeon show iCarly.
In 2012, Ehrich joined the American CBS Daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless as Fenmore Baldwin. The following year they received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series for their portrayal. Ehrich chose a scene where Fenmore tells Jamie that Summer is the one cyberbullying him. From 2014 through 2015, they appeared in a recurring role throughout CBS' Under the Dome, as Hunter May. They additionally have appeared on series including Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. They had a recurring role on the Nickelodeon show 100 Things to Do Before High School, and appeared as Quinn in six episodes of Embeds. In 2019, Ehrich appeared in the Netflix film Walk. Ride. Rodeo.
Personal life
Ehrich, and singer-songwriter, Demi Lovato had first began dating, in March 2020, and became engaged, in July 2020. Two months later, the couple called off their engagement.
By November 2020, they were reported, to be dating singer, Mariah Angeliq.
Filmography and discography
Discography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
21st-century American male actors
American male dancers
American male film actors
American male television actors
Jewish American male actors
Living people
Male actors from New Jersey
People from Marlboro Township, New Jersey
1991 births
21st-century American Jews
Cinnarizine is an antihistamine and calcium channel blocker of the diphenylmethylpiperazine group. It is prescribed for nausea and vomiting due to motion sickness or other sources such as chemotherapy, vertigo, or Ménière's disease.
Cinnarizine was first synthesized as R1575 by Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1955. The nonproprietary name is derived from the cinnamyl substituent on one of the nitrogen atoms, combined with the generic ending "-rizine" for "antihistaminics/cerebral (or peripheral) vasodilators". It is not available in the United States or Canada. It has also been cited as one of the most used drugs for seasickness within the British Royal Navy.
Medical uses
Cinnarizine is predominantly used to treat nausea and vomiting associated with motion sickness, vertigo, Ménière's disease, or Cogan's syndrome.
In fact, it is one of only a select few drugs that has shown a beneficial effect in the chronic treatment of the vertigo and tinnitus, associated with Meniere's disease. However, due to increased levels of drowsiness caused by the medication, it is generally of limited use in pilots and aircrew who must be dependably alert. In a clinical study (n=181), treatment with cinnarizine reduced the occurrence of moderate vertigo experience by 65.8% and extreme vertigo by 89.8%.
It acts by interfering with the signal transmission between vestibular apparatus of the inner ear and the vomiting centre of the hypothalamus by limiting the activity of the vestibular hair cells which send signals about movement. The disparity of signal processing between inner ear motion receptors and the visual senses is abolished, so that the confusion of brain whether the individual is moving or standing is reduced. Vomiting in motion sickness could be a physiological compensatory mechanism of the brain to keep the individual from moving so that it can adjust to the signal perception, but the true evolutionary reason for this malady is currently unknown.
When prescribed for balance problems and vertigo, cinnarizine is typically taken two or three times daily depending on the amount of each dose and when used to treat motion sickness, the pill is taken at least two hours before travelling and then again every four hours during travel. However, a recent 2012 study comparing the effects of cinnarizine to transdermal scopolamine for the treatment of seasickness, concluded that scopolamine was reported as significantly more effective and as having fewer adverse side effects than cinnarizine. This led to the conclusion that transdermal scopolamine is likely a better option for the treatment of motion sickness in naval crew and other sea travelers.
Beyond an anti-vertigo treatment, cinnarizine could be also viewed as a nootropic drug because of its vasorelaxating abilities (due to calcium channel blockade), which happen mostly in brain and the fact that it is also used as a labyrinthine sedative. Cinnarizine inhibits the flow of calcium into red blood cells, which increases the elasticity of the cell wall, thereby increasing their flexibility and making the blood less viscous. This allows the blood to travel more efficiently and effectively through narrowed vessels in order to bring oxygen to damaged tissue. It is also effectively combined with other nootropics, primarily piracetam; in such combination each drug potentiates the other in boosting brain oxygen supply. An animal study comparing the effectiveness of cinnarizine and flunarizine (a derivative of cinnarizine that is 2.5-15 times stronger for treatment of transient global cerebral ischemia), it was found that cinnarizine helped to improve the functional abnormalities of ischemia, but did not help with damage to the neurons. Flunarizine, on the other hand, offered more neuronal protection, but was less effective in treating subsequent behavioral changes.
Additionally, cinnarizine can be used in scuba divers without an increased risk of central nervous system oxygen toxicity which can result in seizures, and is a high risk in closed-circuit oxygen diving. This is also relevant to divers who could potentially have to undergo hypobaric decompression therapy, which uses high oxygen pressure and could also be affected by any cinnarizine-induced CNS oxygen toxicity risk. However, cinnarizine does not heighten toxicity risk, and in fact, evidence even seems to suggest that cinnarizine may be beneficial in helping delay O2 toxicity in the central nervous system.
There is also evidence that cinnarizine may be used as an effective anti-asthma medication when taken regularly.
Cinnarizine has also been found to be a valuable second-line treatment for idiopathic urticarial vasculitis.
Side effects
Side effects experienced while taking cinnarizine range from the mild to the quite severe. Possible side effects include drowsiness, sweating, dry mouth, headache, skin problems, lethargy, gastrointestinal irritation, hypersensitivity reactions, as well as movement problems/muscle rigidity, and tremor. Because cinnarizine can cause drowsiness and blurred vision, it is important that users make sure their reactions are normal before driving, operating machinery, or doing any other jobs which could be dangerous if they are not fully alert or able to see well.
Cinnarizine is also known to cause acute and chronic parkinsonism due to its affinity for D2 receptors, which strongly counter-suggests its actual usefulness for improving neurohealth. Cinnarizine's antagonistic effects of D2 dopamine receptors in the striatum leads to symptoms of depression, tremor, muscle rigidity, tardive dyskinesia, and akathisia, which are characterized as Drug-Induced Parkinson's disease and is the second leading cause of Parkinson's. Evidence suggests that it is one of the metabolites of cinnarizine, C-2, that has an active role in contributing to the development of drug-induced Parkinson's. It is also of note that an estimated 17 of 100 new Parkinson's cases are linked to administration of either cinnarizine or Flunarizine, making cinnarizine and drug-induced Parkinson's a serious issue. Those people especially at risk are elderly patients, in particular women, and patients who have been taking the drug for a longer amount of time. There is also evidence that suggests that patients with a family history of Parkinson's, or a genetic predisposition to the disease are more likely to develop the drug induced form of this disease as a result of cinnarizine treatment.
In addition to antagonizing D2 receptors, treatment with cinnarizine has also been shown to lead to reduced presynaptic dopamine and serotonin, as well as alterations in vesicular transport of dopamine. Terland et al. have shown that chronic treatment with cinnarizine builds the drug concentrations high enough that they interfere with the proton electrochemical gradient necessary for packaging dopamine into vesicles. Cinnarizine, pKa = 7.4, acts as a protonophore, which prevents the MgATP-dependent production of the electrochemical gradient crucial to the transport and storage of dopamine into vesicles, and thereby lowers the levels of dopamine in the basal ganglia neurons and leads to the Parkinson's symptoms.
Additionally, several cases of pediatric and adult cinnarizine overdose have been reported, with effects including a range of symptoms such as somnolence, coma, vomiting, hypotonia, stupor, and convulsions. The cognitive complications likely result from the antihistaminic effects of cinnarizine, while the motor effects are a product of the antidopaminergic properties. In cases of overdose, the patient should be brought to and observed in a hospital for potential neurological complications.
Pharmacokinetics
Cinnarizine is most commonly taken orally, in tablet form, with frequency and amount of dosage varying depending on the reason for taking the medication.
Once ingested, the substance is absorbed quite rapidly and reaches a peak plasma concentration in 1–3 hours post-administration. Cmax, the maximum level of the drug in the tested area (typically blood plasma), has been measured to be 275 +/- 36 ng/mL, where tmax, the amount of time that the drug is present at the max amount in the blood, was 3.0 +/-0.5 hours. AUC∞, (the area under the curve extrapolated to infinity) which can be used to estimate bioavailability, was 4437 +/- 948 (ng.h/mL). The half-life elimination varies from 3.4–60 hours, depending on age. However, the mean terminal half-life elimination for young volunteer subjects administered 75 mg cinnarizine, was found to be 23.6 +/- 3.2 hours.
A study that administered 75 mg doses of cinnarizine, twice a day for twelve days, to healthy volunteers, observed that cinnarizine did build up in the body, with a steady-state accumulation factor of 2.79 +/- 0.23. However, the AUCT for this amount of time (T=12 days) was not significantly different from the AUC∞, which was estimated from the single dose administration. As a very weakly basic and also lipophilic compound with low aqueous solubility, cinnarizine is able to cross the blood brain barrier by simple diffusion. It is because of this property that it is able to exert its effects on cerebral blood flow in the brain.
Bioavailability of orally administered cinnarizine is typically low and variable due to high incidence of degradation. However, it has been found that when administered intravenously in lipid emulsion, better pharmacokinetics and tissue distribution were achieved. The lipid emulsion administration had a higher AUC and lower clearance than the solution form, which meant that there was an increased bioavailability of cinnarizine, allowing for an improved therapeutic effect. Plasma pharmacokinetics of cinnarizine administered intravenously follows a three-compartment model first with a fast distribution phase, followed by a slower distribution phase, and ending with a very slow elimination. The Vss (steady state apparent volume of distribution) for lipid emulsion administration was 2x lower (6.871+/- 1.432 L/kg) than that of cinnarizine given in solution (14.018 +/- 5.598 L/kg) and it was found that significantly less cinnarizine was taken up into the lung and brain in the lipid emulsion condition. This is significant because it would reduce the likelihood of toxic side effects in the central nervous system.
Pharmacodynamics
Cinnarizine is classified as a selective antagonist of T-type voltage-operated calcium ion channels, because its binding blocks the channels and keeps them inert. It has a Ki (inhibitory constant) value of 22nM. It is also known to have antihistaminic, antiserotoninergic and antidopaminergic effects, binding to H1 histamine receptors, and dopaminergic (D2) receptors. The IC50 (half-maximal inhibitory concentration) of cinnarizine for smooth muscle contraction inhibition is 60mM and it has been shown that this drug preferentially binds to its target calcium channels when they are in an open, as opposed to closed conformation. In treatment of nausea and motion sickness it was previously hypothesized that cinnarizine exerts its effects by inhibiting the calcium currents in voltage gated channels in type II vestibular hair cells within the inner ear. However, more recent evidence supports the idea that at pharmacologically relevant levels (0.3µM–0.5µM), cinnarizine is not lessening vestibular vertigo by blocking calcium channels, but rather by inhibiting potassium (K+) currents that are activated by heightened hydrostatic pressure on the hair cells. It is true that cinnarizine does abolish calcium currents in vestibular hair cells as well; it is just that this only occurs at higher concentrations of drug (3µM). The inhibition of these currents works to lessen the vertigo and motion-induced nausea by dampening the over-reactivity of the vestibular hair cells, which send information about balance and motion to the brain.
Elimination
After administration, cinnarizine is completely metabolized within the body and the metabolites are eliminated by one third in the urine and two thirds in solid waste.
See also
Cyclizine
References
Belgian inventions
H1 receptor antagonists
Janssen Pharmaceutica
Cyclizines
Sigma receptor ligands
This article concentrates on server administration in the context of computer gaming. For generic server administration, see system administrator. For the Dell OpenManage Server Administrator product see OpenManage.
A server administrator, or admin has the overall control of a server. This is usually in the context of a business organization, where a server administrator oversees the performance and condition of multiple servers in the business organization, or it can be in the context of a single person running a game server.
The Server Administrator's role is to design, install, administer, and optimize company servers and related components to achieve high performance of the various business functions supported by the servers as necessary. This includes ensuring the availability of client/server applications, configuring all new implementations, and developing processes and procedures for ongoing management of the server environment. Where applicable, the Server Administrator will assist in overseeing the physical security, integrity, and safety of the data center/server farm.
Servers (computing)
Italy competed at the 1971 Mediterranean Games in Izmir, Turkey.
By sport
Men
Women
See also
Boxing at the 1971 Mediterranean Games
Volleyball at the 1971 Mediterranean Games
Water polo at the 1971 Mediterranean Games
References
External links
Mediterranean Games Athletic results at Gbrathletics.com
1971 - IZMIR (TUR) at CIJM web site
Nations at the 1971 Mediterranean Games
1971
Mediterranean Games
Iván G. Ochoa (born December 16, 1982) is a Venezuelan former professional baseball shortstop. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Francisco Giants in 2008. Ochoa is from Guacara, Venezuela.
Professional career
Cleveland Indians
Ochoa was signed as a free agent by the Cleveland Indians on May 3, . They struggled offensively during their six years in the Indians organization, but did receive a promotion to Triple-A Buffalo in .
San Francisco Giants
After the 2006 season, Ochoa signed with the San Francisco Giants and was invited to spring training. Ochoa spent all of with Triple-A Fresno, batting .296 in 47 games. Ochoa started in Triple-A again, but was called up to the major league team after batting .318 and stealing 20 bases in 84 games. They made their major league debut on July 12, against the Chicago Cubs. Their first hit was a double to left field in the ninth inning off of Carlos Mármol. They appeared in 47 games for the Giants, batting .200.
Boston Red Sox
Ochoa was released after the 2008 season by the Giants and signed with the Boston Red Sox on January 27, . They appeared in 45 games for the AAA Pawtucket Red Sox before they were released on August 19, 2009.
Golden Baseball League
They played with the Tijuana Cimarrones of the Golden Baseball League in 2010, appearing in 19 games.
Los Angeles Dodgers
Ochoa was signed by the Los Angeles Dodgers on February 10, 2011 and assigned to the AA Chattanooga Lookouts, where they appeared in 84 games and hit .233. They were promoted to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes at the end of the season and appeared in 18 games for them, hitting .257.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
External links
, or Retrosheet, or Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Winter League)
1982 births
Living people
Akron Aeros players
Albuquerque Isotopes players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Burlington Indians players (1986–2006)
Caribes de Anzoátegui players
Caribes de Oriente players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Columbus RedStixx players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Gulf Coast Red Sox players
Kinston Indians players
Leones del Caracas players
Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
Major League Baseball shortstops
Pawtucket Red Sox players
People from Carabobo
San Francisco Giants players
Tijuana Cimarrones players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
Major League Baseball
Dream II is the first EP by avant-garde/progressive/death metal band Pan.Thy.Monium released in 1991.
Track listing
"I" – 4:26
"II" – 3:31
"III" – 3:46
"Vvoiiccheeces" – 1:29
"IV" - 5:47
Album information
Recorded in Gorysound
Everything vital created by Raagoonshinnaah
Logo by Ghoobaah
Artwork by Paw
First press 7" vinyl only
Re-released in 95 by Avantgarde Music as Mini CD with IV as bonus track
Personnel
Derelict aka Robert ``Robban`` Karlsson - vocals
Winter aka Benny Larsson - drums, percussion and violin
Day DiSyraah aka Dan Swanö - bass, keyboards and effects
Mourning aka Robert Ivarsson - rhythm guitars
Äag aka Tom Nouga aka Dag Swanö - lead guitars, organ and baritone saxophone
External links
Encyclopaedia Metallum page
Pan.Thy.Monium albums
1991 EPs
The 1922 Georgia Tech Golden Tornado football team represented the Georgia Tech Golden Tornado of the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1922 Southern Conference football season. The Tornado was coached by William Alexander in their third year as head coach, compiling a record of 7–2 (4–0 SoCon) and outscoring opponents 157 to 59.
Red Barron made Walter Camp's second-team All-America.
Before the season
1922 is the first season of the new Southern Conference, and freshmen were barred from play.
In the line, at either end one finds brothers John and Al Staton. At guard was Oscar Davis, who with Barron was later named to an All-Tech Alexander era team.
Schedule
Season summary
Oglethorpe
Sources:
The season opened with a 31–6 defeat over the Oglethorpe Stormy Petrels. Red Barron scored two touchdowns, and Oglethorpe's Adrian Maurer had a 90-yard touchdown run.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Johnson (left tackle), McIntyre (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Brewster (right halfback), Hunt (fullback).
Davidson
In the second week of play, Tech beat the Davidson Wildcats 19–0. Red Barron ran for 116 yards and two touchdowns despite playing for only part of the contest.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Johnson (left tackle), McIntyre (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), A. Staton (right tackle), Mitchel(right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Rather (right halfback), Hunt (fullback).
Alabama
Sources:
Tech defeated the Alabama Crimson Tide 33–7. Alabama's score came when Country Oliver returned a kickoff 95 yards.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Cornell (left tackle), McIntyre (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), A. Staton (right tackle), Mitchell (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), McWhorter (right halfback), Hunt (fullback).
Navy
Red Barron played well in the 13–0 loss to the Navy Midshipmen.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Connell (left tackle), McIntyre (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), A. Staton (right tackle), Mitchell (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), McWhorter (right halfback), Hunt (fullback).
Notre Dame
Tech played Knute Rockne's Notre Dame Fighting Irish for the first time. The Four Horsemen were sophomores playing their first year on the varsity, and beat Tech 13–3. The Irish stopped Red Barron.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Usry (left tackle), McConnel (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Brewster (right halfback), Hunt (fullback)
Clemson
The Clemson Tigers were defeated 21–7. Coach Alexander used a different platoon each quarter.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Usery (left tackle), McConell (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Brewster (right halfback), Hunt (fullback).
Georgetown
Sources:
Tech's backfield starred in a 19–7 defeat of the Georgetown Blue and Gray. Jack McDonough scored two touchdowns and Brewster another. Flavin scored for Georgetown.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Usry (left tackle), McIntyre (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), A. Staton (right tackle), Mitchell (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Brewster (right halfback), Hunt (fullback).
NC State
Sources:
The Tornado shutout the NC State Wolfpack 17–0. Henry Reeves made a 40-yard drop kick.
The starting lineup was Gardner (left end), Johnson (left tackle), McConnell (left guard), Fleetwood (center), Borum (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), Mitchell (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Brewster (right halfback), Hunt (fullback)
Auburn
Sources:
Tech beat coach Mike Donahue's rival Auburn Tigers to secure a share of the SoCon championship. The 1922 team is considered one of Auburn's greatest football teams, and they had lost only to undefeated Army. Still Tech held the Tigers without a first down in the second and third periods. Ed Sherling scored Auburn's touchdown on a 16-yard rush.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Usry (left tackle), McIntyre (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Brewster (right halfback), Hunt (fullback).
Postseason
Red Barron and Vanderbilt's Lynn Bomar were the only unanimous All-Southern selections.
Personnel
Depth chart
The following chart provides a visual depiction of Tech's lineup during the 1922 season with games started at the position reflected in parenthesis. The chart mimics the offense after the jump shift has taken place.
Notes
Endnotes
References
Georgia Tech
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football seasons
Georgia Tech Golden Tornado football
Jafar Abu al-Timman (born 1881-1945) was an Iraqi politician.
Biography
Born in Baghdad, they were the leader of a political group that opposed the British administration of Iraq in 1919–1920. They fled to Iran, then returned to Iraq after Faisal I was proclaimed as King of Iraq. They served as a chairperson of the Iraqi National Party in 1922. They served as Minister of Commerce in the second cabinet of Abd Al-Rahman Al-Gillani. They allied with Yasin al-Hashimi, Naji al-Suwaidi, and the National Brotherhood Party in 1930. They supported Bakr Sedqi's military coup in 1936 and served as Minister of Finance in the cabinet of Hikmat Sulayperson from 29 October 1936 until they resigned in June 1937. They served as chairperson of Baghdad Commerce Chamber from 1935 to 1945.
References
1881 births
Year of death missing
Politicians from Baghdad
Finance ministers of Iraq
Government ministers of Iraq
20th-century Iraqi politicians
Biological carbon fixation or сarbon assimilation is the process by which inorganic carbon (particularly in the form of carbon dioxide) is converted to organic compounds by living organisms. The compounds are then used to store energy and as structure for other biomolecules. Carbon is primarily fixed through photosynthesis, but some organisms use a process called chemosynthesis in the absence of sunlight.
Organisms that grow by fixing carbon are called autotrophs, which include photoautotrophs (which use sunlight), and lithoautotrophs (which use inorganic oxidation). Heterotrophs are not themselves capable of carbon fixation but are able to grow by consuming the carbon fixed by autotrophs or other heterotrophs. "Fixed carbon", "reduced carbon", and "organic carbon" may all be used interchangeably to refer to various organic compounds. Chemosynthesis is carbon fixation driven by chemical energy, rather than from sunlight. Sulfur- and hydrogen-oxidizing bacteria often use the Calvin cycle or the reductive citric acid cycle.
Net vs. gross CO2 fixation
The primary form of inorganic carbon that is fixed is carbon dioxide (CO2). It is estimated that approximately 258 billion tons of carbon dioxide are converted by photosynthesis annually. The majority of the fixation occurs in terrestrial environments, especially the tropics. The gross amount of carbon dioxide fixed is much larger since approximately 40% is consumed by respiration following photosynthesis.<ref>Raghavendra, A. S. (2003-01-01), Thomas, Brian (ed.), "PHOTOSYNTHESIS AND PARTITIONING | C3 Plants", Encyclopedia of Applied Plant Sciences, Oxford: Elsevier, pp. 673–680, </bdi>, retrieved 2021-03-21</ref>
Overview of pathways
Seven autotrophic carbon fixation pathways are known. The Calvin cycle fixes carbon in the chloroplasts of plants and algae, and in the cyanobacteria. It also fixes carbon in the anoxygenic photosynthesis in one type of Pseudomonadota called purple bacteria, and in some non-phototrophic Pseudomonadota.
Of the five other autotrophic pathways, two are known only in bacteria (the reductive citric acid cycle and the 3-hydroxypropionate cycle), two only in archaea (two variants of the 3-hydroxypropionate cycle), and one in both bacteria and archaea (the reductive acetyl CoA pathway).
List of pathways
Calvin cycle
The Calvin cycle accounts for 90% of biological carbon fixation. Consuming ATP and NADPH, the Calvin cycle in plants accounts for the preponderance of carbon fixation on land. In algae and cyanobacteria, it accounts for the preponderance of carbon fixation in the oceans. The Calvin cycle converts carbon dioxide into sugar, as triose phosphate (TP), which is glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate (GAP) together with dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP):
3 CO2 + 12 e− + 12 H+ + Pi → TP + 4 H2O
An alternative perspective accounts for NADPH (source of e−) and ATP:
3 CO2 + 6 NADPH + 6 H+ + 9 ATP + 5 H2O → TP + 6 NADP+ + 9 ADP + 8 Pi
The formula for inorganic phosphate (Pi) is HOPO32− + 2H+. Formulas for triose and TP are C2H3O2-CH2OH and C2H3O2-CH2OPO32− + 2H+
Reverse Krebs cycle
The reverse Krebs cycle, also known as reverse TCA cycle (rTCA) or reductive citric acid cycle, is an alternative to the standard Calvin-Benson cycle for carbon fixation. It has been found in strict anaerobic or microaerobic bacteria (as Aquificales) and anaerobic archea. It was discovered by Evans, Buchanan and Arnon in 1966 working with the photosynthetic green sulfur bacterium Chlorobium limicola. In particular, it is one of the most used pathways in hydrothermal vents by the Campylobacterota. This feature is very important in oceans. Without it, there would be no primary production in aphotic environments, which would lead to habitats without life. So this kind of primary production is called "dark primary production".
The cycle involves the biosynthesis of acetyl-CoA from two molecules of CO2. The key steps of the reverse Krebs cycle are:
Oxaloacetate to malate, using NADH + H+
Oxaloacetate + NADH/H+ -> Malate + NAD+
Fumarate to succinate, catalyzed by an oxidoreductase, Fumarate reductase
Fumarate + FADH2 <=> Succinate + FAD
Succinate to succinyl-CoA, an ATP dependent step
Succinate + ATP + CoA -> Succinyl-CoA + ADP + Pi
Succinyl-CoA to alpha-ketoglutarate, using one molecule of CO2
Succinyl-CoA + CO2 + Fd{(red)} -> alpha-ketoglutarate + Fd{(ox)}
Alpha-ketoglutarate to isocitrate, using NADPH + H+ and another molecule of CO2
Alpha-ketoglutarate + CO2 + NAD(P)H/H+ -> Isocitrate + NAD(P)+
Citrate converted into oxaloacetate and acetyl-CoA, this is an ATP dependent step and the key enzyme is the ATP citrate lyase
Citrate + ATP + CoA -> Oxaloacetate + Acetyl-CoA + ADP + Pi
This pathway is cyclic due to the regeneration of the oxaloacetate.
The bacteria Gammaproteobacteria and Riftia pachyptila switch from the Calvin-Benson cycle to the rTCA cycle in response to concentrations of H2S.
Reductive acetyl CoA pathway
The reductive acetyl CoA pathway (CoA) pathway, also known as the Wood-Ljungdahl pathway uses CO2 as electron acceptor and carbon source, and H2 as an electron donor to form acetic acid. This metabolism is wide spread within the phylum Bacillota, especially in the Clostridia.
The pathway is also used by methanogens, which are mainly Euryarchaeota, and several anaerobic chemolithoautotrophs, such as sulfate-reducing bacteria and archaea. It is probably performed also by the Brocadiales, an order of Planctomycetota that oxidize ammonia in anaerobic condition. Hydrogenotrophic methanogenesis, which is only found in certain archaea and accounts for 80% of global methanogenesis, is also based on the reductive acetyl CoA pathway.
The Carbon Monoxide Dehydrogenase/Acetyl-CoA Synthase is the oxygen-sensitive enzyme that permits the reduction of CO2 to CO and the synthesis of acetyl-CoA in several reactions.
One branch of this pathway, the methyl branch, is similar but non-homologous between bacteria and archaea. In this branch happens the reduction of CO2 to a methyl residue bound to a cofactor. The intermediates are formate for bacteria and formyl-methanofuran for archaea, and also the carriers, tetrahydrofolate and tetrahydropterins respectively in bacteria and archaea, are different, such as the enzymes forming the cofactor-bound methyl group.
Otherwise, the carbonyl branch is homologous between the two domains and consists of the reduction of another molecule of CO2 to a carbonyl residue bound to an enzyme, catalyzed by the CO dehydrogenase/acetyl-CoA synthase. This key enzyme is also the catalyst for the formation of acetyl-CoA starting from the products of the previous reactions, the methyl and the carbonyl residues.
This carbon fixation pathway requires only one molecule of ATP for the production of one molecule of pyruvate, which makes this process one of the main choice for chemolithoautotrophs limited in energy and living in anaerobic conditions.
3-Hydroxypropionate bicycle
The 3-Hydroxypropionate bicycle, also known as 3-HP/malyl-CoA cycle, discovered only in 1989, is utilized by green non-sulfur phototrophs of Chloroflexaceae family, including the maximum exponent of this family Chloroflexus auranticus by which this way was discovered and demonstrated. The 3-Hydroxipropionate bicycle is composed of two cycles and the name of this way comes from the 3-Hydroxyporopionate which corresponds to an intermediate characteristic of it.
The first cycle is a way of synthesis of glycoxalate. During this cycle, two equivalents of bicarbonate are fixed by the action of two enzymes: the Acetyl-CoA carboxylase catalyzes the carboxylation of the Acetyl-CoA to Malonyl-CoA and Propionyl-CoA carboxylase catalyses the carboxylation of Propionyl-CoA to Methylamalonyl-CoA. From this point a series of reactions lead to the formation of glycoxylate which will thus become part of the second cycle.
In the second cycle, glycoxlate is approximately one equivalent of propionyl-CoA forming methylamalonyl-CoA. This, in turn, is then converted through a series of reactions into Citramalyl-CoA. The Citramalyl-CoA is split into pyruvate and Acetyl-CoA thanks to the enzyme MMC lyase. At this point the pyruvate is released, while the Acetyl-CoA is reused and carboxylated again at Malonyl-coa thus reconstituting the cycle.
A total of 19 reactions are involved in 3-hydroxypropionate bicycle and 13 are the multifunctional enzymes used. The multifunctionality of these enzymes is an important feature of this pathway which thus allows the fixation of 3 bicarbonate molecules.
It is a very expensive way: 7 ATP molecules are used for the synthesis of the new pyruvate and 3 ATP for the phosphate triose.
An important characteristic of this cycle is that it allows the co-assimilation of numerous compounds making it suitable for the mixotrophic organisms.
Cycles related to the 3-hydroxypropionate cycle
A variant of the 3-hydroxypropionate cycle was found to operate in the aerobic extreme thermoacidophile archaeon Metallosphaera sedula. This pathway is called the 3-hydroxypropionate/4-hydroxybutyrate cycle.
Yet another variant of the 3-hydroxypropionate cycle is the dicarboxylate/4-hydroxybutyrate cycle. It was discovered in anaerobic archaea.
It was proposed in 2008 for the hyperthermophile archeon Ignicoccus hospitalis.
enoyl-CoA carboxylases/reductases
fixation is catalyzed by enoyl-CoA carboxylases/reductases.
Non-autotrophic pathways
Although no heterotrophs use carbon dioxide in biosynthesis, some carbon dioxide is incorporated in their metabolism. Notably pyruvate carboxylase consumes carbon dioxide (as bicarbonate ions) as part of gluconeogenesis, and carbon dioxide is consumed in various anaplerotic reactions.
6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase catalyzes the reductive carboxylation of ribulose 5-phosphate to 6-phosphogluconate in E. coli under elevated CO2 concentrations.
Carbon isotope discrimination
Some carboxylases, particularly RuBisCO, preferentially bind the lighter carbon stable isotope carbon-12 over the heavier carbon-13. This is known as carbon isotope discrimination and results in carbon-12 to carbon-13 ratios in the plant that are higher than in the free air. Measurement of this ratio is important in the evaluation of water use efficiency in plants, and also in assessing the possible or likely sources of carbon in global carbon cycle studies.
See also
Nitrogen fixation
Oxygen cycle
References
Further reading
Photosynthesis
Carbon
Metabolic pathways
Atmospheric chemistry
Microbiology
Paramesiodes aprepta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Uganda.
References
Endemic fauna of Uganda
Moths described in 1965
Archipini
State Highway 3 (SH-3) is a state highway in northern Idaho, connecting U.S. Route 12 near Spalding, east of Lewiston, with Interstate 90 near Rose Lake, east of Coeur d'Alene. It is in length and runs east of and generally parallel to Idaho's primary highway, U.S. Route 95.
Route description
SH-3's southern terminus is near Arrow Gulch Creek Bridge to the east of Spalding on US 12 on the Nez Perce Indian Reservation in Nez Perce County. It then heads generally northeast into eastern Latah County, where it leaves the reservation, and continues through Juliaetta and Kendrick, where it intersects SH-99. It then continues generally north to Deary, where it overlaps SH-8. The overlapping highways continue east and northeast to Bovill, where they diverge.
SH-3 then continues generally north through Shoshone County, crossing the Saint Maries River, into Benewah County. It then turns generally northwest to Santa, where it intersects SH-6.
SH-3 then continues generally north to Saint Maries, where it intersects SH-5 before crossing the Saint Joe River and entering the Coeur d'Alene Indian Reservation. It then continues generally northwest and north past a historical marker for Saint Joseph Indian Mission into Kootenai County.
In Kootenai County, SH-3 continues generally north past an intersection with SH-97 and a historical marker for The Mullan Road, then over Mission Hill Creek Grade and Black Rock Grade before leaving the Coeur d'Alene reservation. It then turns east and northeast along and across the Coeur d'Alene River to Rose Lake. It then continues generally northeast and east to the northern terminus, east of the 4th of July Creek Bridge on I-90.
History
In 2011, the state legislature designated SH-3 as the North Idaho Medal of Honor Highway.
Major intersections
See also
List of state highways in Idaho
List of highways numbered 3
References
External links
003
Transportation in Nez Perce County, Idaho
Transportation in Latah County, Idaho
Transportation in Shoshone County, Idaho
The Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam (GNN), also known as Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation (GMC) is the civic body that governs Ghaziabad city. Established under the Uttar Pradesh Municipal Corporation Act-1959, it is responsible for the civic infrastructure and administration of the city.It covers area equal to 210 square kilometres.
Wards
Ghaziabad Municipal corporation is divided into 5 zones - City Zone, Kavi Nagar Zone, Vijay Nagar Zone, Mohan Nagar Zone and Vasundhara Zone. The Municipal Corporation comprises 100 wards, with councillors elected from each ward. The local elections to all wards was last held in 2017.
Departments
PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTMENT
I.T. DEPARTMENT
PROPERTY TAX DEPARTMENT
HEALTH DEPARTMENT
STREET LIGHT DEPARTMENT
WATER WORKS DEPARTMENT
LAW
GARDEN / HORTICULTURE
SWACHH BHARAT MISSION
List of Brand Ambassadors for Swachh Bharat Mission
Total number of voters
List of mayors
List of Current Municipal Councillors
Mayor Election results
References
Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
Municipal corporations in Uttar Pradesh
Protamoebae is a grouping of Amoebozoa.
References
Amoebozoa
Amorphea subphyla
Lower Vítkovice (Czech: Dolní oblast Vítkovice) is a national site of industrial heritage located in the Vítkovice district of Ostrava in the Czech Republic. It includes an extensive industrial area Vítkovice ironworks with a unique collection of industrial architecture. A set of three successive parts - coal mine, coke ovens and blast furnace operations - also called Ostravian Hradčany, after Hradčany, the Castle District of Prague.
The area is registered in the list of European cultural heritage, and was placed on the Czech Republic's list of tentative UNESCO World Heritage Sites in 2001 under the name The Industrial Complexes at Ostrava.
History
The initial impetus for the establishment of the Vítkovice ironworks came Dec. 9, 1828 by Olomouc Archbishop Rudolf. Rudolph's Smelter operation was then launched in mid-September 1830. A year later there was a coke plant. The first blast furnace coke was ignited in 1836, the second two years later. In 1852, it was near the smelter based mine depths. As time was running six blast furnaces which were gradually shut down until September 27, 1998, when the last tapping.
Present
After termination of iron production was discussed what to do with the former industrial complex. At first they wanted to destroy it, but it was rebuilt as a technical monument for future generations. In June 2002 government declared Nether Vítkovice area as a national sight. In December 2008, then as one of four Czech sites given to emerging European cultural heritage site.
In September 2009 the project was awarded to the recovery and reuse of blast furnaces and other protected buildings half billion Czech crowns subsidy from the European Union and the Czech Republic. The main objective of the project "Bringing a new use to Nether Vítkovice" reactivation of the main parts of a national cultural sight Vítkovice, making them accessible to the public and the subsequent use of the potential of NCS for educational, cultural and social activities. In 2012 was completed the first part of the project and made available to the three basic objects of national cultural sights, blast furnace no. 1, gas tank and building VI. Energy exchanges.
References
Ostrava-City District
Ostrava
On the Beach may refer to:
Fiction
On the Beach (novel), a 1957 novel by Nevil Shute
On the Beach (1959 film), an American adaptation of Shute's novel, by Stanley Kramer
On the Beach (2000 film), an American-Australian television film based on Shute's novel, by Russell Mulcahy
"On the Beach" (ER), a 2002 TV episode
On the Beach (play), a 2009 play by Steve Waters
Music
Albums
On the Beach (Chris Rea album) or the title song (see below), 1986
On the Beach (Neil Young album) or the title song, 1974
On the Beach, by Phil Cohran and the Artistic Heritage Ensemble, 1968
Songs
"On the Beach" (Chris Rea song), 1986; covered by York as "O.T.B. (On the Beach)", 1999
"On the Beach" (Cliff Richard song), 1964
"On the Beach (In the Summertime)", by the 5th Dimension, 1970
"On the Beach", by the Chameleons from What Does Anything Mean? Basically, 1985
Other uses
On the Beach (business), a UK-based travel retailer
On the beach (nautical), a Royal Navy term for "retired from the Service"
Tongeia is a Palearctic genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae found in temperate East Asia. Most species are endemic to China and many species are recently described from China. The best known species is the more widely distributed Tongeia fischeri (Fischer's blue).
Species
Tongeia amplifascia Huang, 2001
Tongeia arata Yakovlev, 2009
Tongeia arcana (Leech, 1890)
Tongeia bella Huang, 2001
Tongeia bisudu Zhdanko & Yakovlev, 2001
Tongeia burte Churkin, 2003
Tongeia confusa Huang, 2003
Tongeia davidi (Poujade, 1884)
Tongeia dongchuanensis H. Huang & Z. Chen, 2006
Tongeia filicaudis） (Pryer, 1877)
Tongeia fischeri (Eversmann, 1843) Fischer's blue
Tongeia germani Yakovlev, 2004
Tongeia hainani (Bethune-Baker, 1914)
Tongeia ion (Leech, 1891)
Tongeia kala de Nicéville, 1890)
Tongeia menpae Huang, 1998
Tongeia minima Shou & Yuan, 2006
Tongeia potanini (Alphéraky, 1889)
Tongeia pseudozuthus Huang, 2001
Tongeia shaolinensis Z.G. Wang & Y. Niu, 2002
Tongeia zuthus (Leech, 1893)
See also
List of butterflies of China (Lycaenidae)
External links
"Tongeia Tutt, [1908]" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and some other life forms
Jeratthitikul, E. Yago, M. Shizuya, H. Yokoyama, J. Tsutomu, H. 2011 " Life history and morphology of the black cupid butterfly, Tongeia kala (de Nicéville) (Lycaenidae), from Myanmar", pdf, Journal of the Lepidopterists' Society
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by J. W. Tutt
Wan Ahmad Fayhsal bin Wan Ahmad Kamal (born 8 May 1987) is a Malaysian politician who has been serving as the Deputy Minister of National Unity in the Barisan Nasional (BN) administration under Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob and Minister Halimah Mohamed Sadique since August 2021. They served as Deputy Minister of Youth and Sports in the Perikatan Nasional (PN) administration under former Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin and former Minister Reezal Merican Naina Merican from March 2020 to August 2021, and was made Senator since March 2020 for this purpose. They have also served Youth Chief of the Malaysian United Indigenous Party (BERSATU) since August 2020, and Deputy Youth Chief II of Perikatan Nasional Youth.
Early life and education
They grew up and received primary schooling in the leafy neighbourhood of Taman Melawati, Kuala Lumpur before moving to Sekolah Menengah Sains Selangor, a science-focused boarding school in nearby Cheras. They obtained their bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from Universiti Teknologi Petronas (UTP).
They also took courses in Islamic theology and metaphysics, philosophy, ethics and history at the International Institute of Islamic Civilisation and Malay World (ISTAC), International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM) and later at the Raja Zarith Sofiah Centre for Advanced Studies on Islam, Science and Civilisation (CASIS), University of Technology Malaysia. It was at both institutions that they were instructed in and subscribed to the concept of Islamisation of knowledge as espoused by eminent scholar and Islamic philosopher Tan Sri Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas. They also further polished their Arabic and French as part of their studies.
They pursued their interest in social sciences by obtaining the London School of Economics' Business, International Relations and Political Economy online course, and later earned their Master of Arts in Geopolitics (Territorial Security) from King's College London on 23 January 2019. Their thesis was titled "The Encircling Dragon: Deciphering China's Geo-economic Expansionism in Peninsular Malaysia". They also picked up elementary Russian and German as part of their studies in London.
Early career
Upon graduation, they worked at Malaysia's national oil and gas champion PETRONAS as a Business and Strategic Planning Executive under the Technology and Engineering (T&E) Division.
On 1 April 2010, they became Senior Executive of the Bumiputera Agenda Steering Unit (TERAJU), and was one of the individuals responsible for establishing the Bumiputera Education Steering Foundation (PENERAJU) under the Prime Minister's Department.
They served as assistant lecturer at the Selangor International Islamic University College (KUIS) before they're becoming Research Fellow at the Putra Business School, Universiti Putra Malaysia. They were also active writing on various issues including business and geopolitics on various publications including New Straits Times, The Star, Global Research, Asia Times and The Edge.
Political career
They were a Special Tasks Officer to the then Minister of Youth and Sports, Syed Saddiq Syed Abdul Rahman from late 2018 until early 2020. During the early months of 2020, they had conspired to betray the ruling Pakatan Harapan (PH) government by taking part in the infamous 'Sheraton Move'. On 10 March 2020, they were made Senator (member of Dewan Negara) to be qualified them for a cabinet post. The same day, they were also appointed Deputy Minister of Youth and Sports under the Cabinet of Muhyiddin Yassin.
On 16 August 2020, they succeeded Syed Saddiq Syed Abdul Rahman as the head of ARMADA, the youth wing of the Malaysian United Indigenous Party (BERSATU) in the party's first election. Syed Saddiq, a founding member of BERSATU and its inaugural, pro-tem youth chief, was earlier sacked from BERSATU amidst a political crisis. Wan Ahmad Fayhsal was subsequently appointed the Deputy Chief II of Perikatan Nasional's youth wing.
Their deputy ministership lapsed after Muhyiddin Yassin tendered their cabinet's resignation upon losing their parliamentary majority after at least 15 Members of Parliament from UMNO withdrew their support for the ruling coalition.
Controversies
During their deputy ministership, they courted controversy when they suggested that the Central Bank of Malaysia should 'hit the printing press' (a reference to direct monetary financing concept under the Modern Monetary Theory, but is often confused with quantitative easing) to ease the burden of those suffering from the economic crisis caused by the Covid-19 pandemic.
Personal life
They have two American-born younger brothers; Wan Kuzain and Wan Kuzri who are footballers.
Their deep interest in humanities and social sciences began quite early in their schooling, which prompted their frequently visit to Kuala Lumpur's renowned book stores Kinokuniya and MPH on off-campus days at boarding school. Despite pursuing an engineering degree, they continued reading heavily into world history, politics and Islamic philosophy, a passion which later led them to ISTAC and CASIS.
They frequently debated with friends and lecturers, both on- and off-campus during their learning years. Their reputation won invitations to write in columns, deliver lectures and make TV appearances even before joining politics.
References
1987 births
Living people
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian United Indigenous Party politicians
Ministry of Youth and Sports (Malaysia)
Government ministers of Malaysia
Alumni of King's College London
Universiti Teknologi Petronas alumni
21st-century Malaysian politicians
Paul Kavanagh is a British visual effects artist who was nominated at the 82nd Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual Effects for their work on Star Trek. Their nomination was shared with Burt Dalton, Russell Earl and Roger Guyett.
In 2016, they and their colleagues Chris Corbould, Roger Guyett and Neal Scanlan received the BAFTA-Award in the category of Best Special Visual Effects for their work on Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
They were also nominated for an Academy Award, but lost to Ex Machina.
They have worked on 30 films to date since their start in 1996.
Selected filmography
Flubber (1997)
The Lost World: Jurassic Park (1997)
Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace (1999)
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001)
Pearl Harbor (2001)
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002)
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones (2002)
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003)
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (2004)
Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith (2005)
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest (2006)
Transformers (2007)
Iron Man (2008)
Avatar (2009)
Star Trek (2009)
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (2009)
Super 8 (2011)
G.I. Joe: Retaliation (2013)
Star Trek Into Darkness (2013)
Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015)
References
External links
Profile at Industrial Light & Magic
Living people
Best Visual Effects BAFTA Award winners
Special effects people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Barringer–Overbaugh–Lasher House is a historic home located at Germantown, Columbia County, New York. The original section was built about 1800, and expanded about 1865. It is a small -story, "L"-shaped vernacular frame dwelling with a lean-to addition. The front facade features a Late Victorian period porch.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Victorian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1800
Houses in Columbia County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, New York
Răcăciuni () is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Ciucani, Fundu Răcăciuni, Gheorghe Doja, Gâșteni, Răcăciuni and Răstoaca.
The commune is located in the south-central part of the county, on the right back of the Siret River, next to the Răcăciuni dam and reservoir. The river Răcăciuni flows through the commune, reaching there the Siret.
Răcăciuni is crossed by the DN2 road, which connects the county seat, Bacău, to Focșani and forms part of the European route E85. On the eastern side of the commune is the Răcăciuni railway station, serving the Căile Ferate Române Line 500 that runs from Bucharest to Focșani, Bacău, and on north to the Ukrainian border. The A7 and A13 motorways, the latter which would serve as a connection between Western Moldavia and Southern Transylvania, are planned to meet on the south-eastern side of the commune.
At the 2011 census, 91.12% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians, 4.36% Hungarians and 1.78% Roma. At the 2002 census, 51.3% were Roman Catholic, 47.7% Romanian Orthodox, 0.6% Seventh-day Adventist and 0.4% Pentecostal.
During the interwar period, the commune was the seat of Plasa Răcăciuni.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Parliamentary elections were held in Iraq between 10 December 1936 and 20 February 1937 to elect the members of Chamber of Deputies of Iraq.
Background
After the 1936 military coup led by Bakr Sidqi, disagreement between the parliament led by deposed Prime Minister Yasin al-Hashimi and the left-leaning military government presided over by Hikmat Sulayperson, led to the dissolution of parliament on 31 October 1936. The new elections started in December 1936 and were complete by 20 February 1937.
Results
A bloc supportive of coup leader Bakr Sidqi and members of the leftist Popular Reform Party won the elections and were the most prominent political groups in the new parliament. Both groups supported Hikmat Sulayperson's government. The new parliaments also included military officers, tribal leaders, nationalists and independent members. Later, the Popular Reform Party was accused of having communist ideology, and was dissolved.
Aftermath
Bakr Sidqi and another coup leader were assassinated on 12 August 1937 in Mosul. After losing the support of the military, Sulayperson resigned on 17 August 1937. Parliament was dissolved on 26 August 1937 and fresh elections were held on 18 December 1937.
References
Iraq
Iraq
1936 in Iraq
1937 in Iraq
Elections in Iraq
Alfred Ronner (10 December 1851, in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode – 22 October 1901, in Ixelles) was a Belgian painter, graphic artist and illustrator.
Biography
Their mother was the animal painter, Henriëtte Ronner-Knip. They grew up in an artistic environment. Several uncles, aunts, cousins and other relatives were painters of varying proficiency; professional and amateur. Their mother gave them their first lessons and their sisters, Alice and Emma also became painters.
From 1868 to 1879, they studied at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. After graduating, they chose to become a genre and portrait painter, rather than focus on animals and still-lifes like their other family members. Although they participated in numerous salons, they never became as popular or familiar as they did. They took a few students, notably .
In 1880, they participated in the Belgian Prix de Rome, but did not advance past the preliminary stages. Eventually, they abandoned painting, because the turpentine fumes irritated their weak lungs, and focused entirely on book illustration.
Following their father's death in 1883, they took over managing their mother's business interests; selling and arranging exhibitions for their paintings. They remained unmarried and, for much of their life, lived with their family. In their last few years, they lived independently, but returned home to die.
After their mother died in 1909, their sisters auctioned off their remaining works at two large sales, in 1911 (The Hague) and 1919 (Amsterdam).
Many of their illustrations were for children's books; notably those for Dom Placide, by Eugène Van Bemmel.
Sources
Obituary, in : Annuaire de la Société d'Archéologie de Bruxelles 1902, Brussels, 1902.
N. Hostyn, "Alfred Ronner", in : Nationaal Biografisch Woordenboek, Vol. 14, Brussels, 1992.
H.J. Kraaij, Henriette Ronner-Knip, 1821-1909: Een virtuoos dierschilderes, Scriptum 1998
W. & G. Pas, Dictionnaire biographique arts plastiques en Belgique. Peintres-sculpteurs-graveurs 1800-2002, Antwerp, 2002
P. Piron, Dictionnaire des artistes plasticiens de Belgique des XIXe et XXe siècles, Lasne, 2003
External links
1851 births
1901 deaths
Belgian painters
Belgian portrait painters
Belgian illustrators
People from Saint-Josse-ten-Noode
Songari is a village in the Mandsaur district of the Indian state Madhya Pradesh. Renowned International artist Wajid Khan hails from the same village.
References
Villages in Mandsaur district
Anuradha Yahampath () is a Sri Lankan textile designer, exporter and current Governor of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka.  They are also the director of Kandys, a handloom brand in Sri Lanka and they are also the current chairperson of the National Entrepreneurs Association of Sri Lanka.
Career
 They are an alumnus of the University of Leeds where they completed their degree in Textile Design. They joined the popular handloom brand Kandygs which is owned by their mother Sita Yahampath. In 2018, their contributions to export sector of the country were recognised by the Export Development Board and was awarded for the best innovative exporter.
On 4 December 2019, they were appointed as the new governor of the Eastern Province and thus became the first woman governor of the Eastern Province.
References
Living people
Sri Lankan fashion designers
Sri Lankan businesspeople
Governors of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hema Sunder is an Indian film, character actor, television actor, thespian, and lead actor known for their works in Telugu cinema, and a few in Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada, Hindi, and Bhojpuri. They starred in over 300 feature films. They made their debut with the 1972 film Vichithra Bandham.
Awards
Nandi Awards
Nandi Award for Best Actor (1978) - Naalaga Endaro
Filmography
References
Indian male film actors
Telugu male actors
People from Nalgonda
Indian male television actors
Indian male soap opera actors
20th-century Indian male actors
Nandi Award winners
The redtail chub (Nocomis effusus) is a freshwater fish found in the U.S. states of Tennessee and Kentucky.
Geographic distribution
The redtail chub is found in north central Tennessee as well as south central Kentucky. Specifically, it is found in the central and western portions of the Ohio River basin, including in the upper Green, upper Barren, Cumberland, Duck, and lower Tennessee rivers. The impoundment of Lake Cumberland likely extirpated the species from the impounded area, as Nocomis has specific habitat requirements, including flowing water and medium gravel needed for successful reproduction. The redtail chub has not been found in the same waters as the river chub. This might be because of some interspecific interactions. However, the redtail chub prefers smaller streams than the river chub, so interspecific competition does not offer the entire explanation. It has been suggested that the two species could have shared habitat in what is now Cumberland Lake. Virtual restriction of redtail chub to Highland Rim habitats which are only marginally occupied by the river chub suggests a powerful physiographic component to these distributions. Apparently the redtail chub is strongly tied to the Mississippian gravel habitats of the Highland Rim.
Ecology
Adult redtail chubs feed primarily on aquatic invertebrates, including small mollusks, insects, earthworms, and crustaceans. A potential predator of the redtail chub is the channel catfish, Ictalurus punctatus, which has been found preying on related species in Pennsylvania. The river chub could be considered a potential competitor, although it is not currently known to share habitat with the redtail chub. The redtail chub prefers clear rocky runs and pools of creeks and small rivers. It is also found in clear upland streams with predominantly gravel substrates. The right size gravel is extremely important because the redtail chub, like all Nocomis species, uses its mouth in order to collect the gravel to create nests in which to spawn. It prefers small to moderate sized streams, with low to moderate gradients and commonly with a riffle-pool type habitat. The redtail chub prefers coolwater streams with a moderate pH. Stream gradient, turbidity, and coal mine pollution probably restrict its present distribution and abundance. Gravel addition as a habitat restoration measure has been successful in reinstating the species' range. Some interspecific competition might exist between the redtail chub and the river chub (Nocomis micropogon), resulting in an altered distributional pattern. This is because the two species are thought to be allopatric. The redtail chub breeds in late spring and females reach sexual maturity around the 2-year mark.
Life history
The redtail chub spawns in late spring, and only once per year. Sexual maturity is reached in the second year, when males begin to grow much more rapidly than females, and reach greater sizes. Average clutch size is anywhere from 500-1000 ova. The redtail chub, like all Nocomis species, creates troughs in which to breed. To do this, it will pick up small to medium-sized gravel with its mouth, and construct a nest about 6" tall. The male will guard the trough after eggs and sperm are released. Females often spawn in the nests of several males. The males will defend the nest and eggs until hatching takes place. Males will defend the nest from other members of the same species, however they often share their nests with members of other species including Clinostomus funduloides, Notropis rubellus, N. leuciodus, Lythrurus ardens, and species of Phoxinus. If the proper gravel shoals are not available, or if they are covered in silt, breeding can be hindered or even stopped entirely. There is no parental care after the eggs' hatching.
Conservation and management
While the redtail chub is not federally listed as endangered or threatened, it has not been evaluated for such findings. There are not currently management practices in place for this species. The abundance of the redtail chub is thought to be in decline as the fish if used as bait by anglers and costs around $12 a dozen retail, making harvesting a lucrative trade.
Many other species rely on redtail chub nests for their own breeding. Decline of the redtail chub could lead to the decline of other species.
A closely related species, the hornyhead chub (N. biguttatus), has successfully bred in captivity.
References
Nocomis
Fish described in 1967
Freshwater fish of the United States
Dragpipe was a heavy metal band from Union City, New Jersey. The band was known for their energetic live performances and developed a local following in North Jersey and across the Hudson River in New York City. In 2001, the band was signed to Interscope Records after successfully demoing their songs for Twiggy Ramirez and Jason Newsted. That same year, alongside other New York City area bands such as Biohazard and Glassjaw, as well as Sacramento band Will Haven, Dragpipe submitted contributions to Driven State - A Quicksand Tribute, a proposed tribute album for the influential New York post-hardcore band Quicksand.
In August 2002, Dragpipe released their debut (and only) album, Music for the Last Day of Your Life, produced by Dave Sardy (Helmet, Rage Against the Machine, Nine-Inch Nails). Following the album's debut, the band produced and released a music video featuring adult actor Kitana Baker for their song "Simple Minded." That same year, the band embarked on an East Coast tour and a European tour with Filter. The album sold poorly (30,000 copies as of 2009) and the band was released from their record contract soon after the debut release, and they apparently disbanded.
Members
Jai Diablo (real name Jason Messina) - Vocals
Richie Garcia – Guitar
Gino DePinto – Guitar
John Monte – Guitar
Jeno (real name Michael Genovezos) – Bass
Pete Barrera – Drums
Studio albums
Further reading
http://www.metal-rules.com/interviews/dragpipe.htm
References
American alternative metal musical groups
Heavy metal musical groups from New Jersey
American stoner rock musical groups
American nu metal musical groups
The 1976–77 SM-liiga season was the second season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and Tappara Tampere won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
Tappara - KooVee 3:0 (11:0, 6:1, 11:3)
TPS - HIFK 3:2 (4:7, 2:4, 2:1, 3:0, 4:2)
3rd place
HIFK - KooVee 0:2 (4:5, 5:9)
Final
Tappara - TPS 3:0 (7:2, 4:2, 9:1)
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
1976–77 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Notarthrinus is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic, containing only Notarthrinus binghami, the Chapman's hedge blue, a small butterfly found from Assam in India to northern Myanmar.
Cited references
References
Polyommatini
Butterflies of Asia
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
1893 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Princeton Tigers
Events
22 February – Alabama Crimson Tide and Auburn Tigers meet at Lakeview Baseball Park in Birmingham, Alabama for the first Iron Bowl.
2 December – Midshipman Joseph M. Reeves becomes the first documented player to wear a football helmet during the Army–Navy Game.
Association football
Argentina
21 February – formation of the Argentine Football Association (Asociación del Fútbol Argentino or AFA)
Bohemia
AC Sparta Prague, officially founded on 16 November.(later Czechoslovakia, present day Czech Republic)
England
The Football League – Sunderland 48 points, Preston North End 37, Everton 36, Aston Villa 35, Bolton Wanderers 32, Burnley 30
FA Cup final – Wolverhampton Wanderers 1–0 Everton at Fallowfield Stadium in Manchester
Ahead of the 1893–94 season, the Football League decides to expand the Second Division from 12 to 16 clubs but, with the unexpected demise of Accrington, they are left with 15.
Notts County and Accrington have been relegated from the First Division and replaced by Darwen and Sheffield United, both promoted from the Second Division. Bootle is expelled from the league and, to make the Second Division up to 16 clubs, the league elects Liverpool, Middlesbrough Ironopolis (league membership 1893–94), Newcastle United, Rotherham Town (1893–96) and Woolwich Arsenal, the latter being the first club from the south of England to join the Football League. Unexpectedly, Accrington then withdraws from the Football League and the 1893–94 Second Division has to proceed with an uneven 15 clubs.
Although the Football League is experiencing membership difficulties at this time, it has nevertheless succeeded in electing three of its most illustrious members: Liverpool, Newcastle United and Arsenal.
Portugal
28 September – foundation of F.C. Porto as Football Club do Porto
Scotland
Scottish Football League – Celtic
Scottish Cup final – Queen's Park 2–1 Celtic at Ibrox Park (replay after first match abandoned)
Formation of the SFL Second Division ahead of the 1893–94 season. Abercorn and Clyde are relegated to the Second Division and replaced in the First Division by Dundee and St. Bernard's. The new members of the Second Division are Cowlairs (re–elected to the SFL), Hibernian, Greenock Morton, Motherwell, Northern FC, Partick Thistle, Port Glasgow Athletic and Thistle FC.
Baseball
National championship
Beginning in 1893, the National League's championship pennant is awarded to the first–place club in the standings at the end of the season. Boston Beaneaters takes the 1893 title and there is no post–season play–off series.
Events
The pitcher's rubber replaces the box and the effective distance from home plate increases from 55 feet to 60 feet, 6 inches.
Basketball
Events
8 April – first college basketball game takes place in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania where Geneva College defeats New Brighton YMCA
Boxing
Events
World Lightweight Champion Jack McAuliffe retires undefeated and is one of the few boxers to be unbeaten in an entire career. The title becomes vacant.
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – James J. Corbett
World Middleweight Championship – Bob Fitzsimmons
World Welterweight Championship – "Mysterious" Billy Smith
World Lightweight Championship – Jack McAuliffe → title vacant after McAuliffe retires undefeated
World Featherweight Championship – George Dixon
Cricket
Events
The inaugural Sheffield Shield competition in Australia is won by Victoria.
The 1892–93 season in India marks the beginning of recognised first-class cricket there.
An Australian team tours England and plays a Test series of three matches. Two are drawn and England win the other to reclaim The Ashes.
England
County Championship – Yorkshire
Most runs – Andrew Stoddart 2072 @ 42.28 (HS 195*)
Most wickets – J T Hearne 212 @ 16.47 (BB 8–55)
Wisden Five All–Round Cricketers – George Giffen, Alec Hearne, Stanley Jackson, Harry Trott, Ted Wainwright
Australia
Sheffield Shield – Victoria
Most runs – George Giffen 468 @ 58.50 (HS 181)
Most wickets – George Giffen 33 @ 23.00 (BB 9–147)
India
Bombay Presidency – Parsees
West Indies
Inter-Colonial Tournament – Barbados
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – William Auchterlonie
Other tournaments
British Amateur – P.C. Anderson
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Cloister
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Siffleuse
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Isinglass
The Derby – Isinglass
The Oaks – Mrs Butterwick
St. Leger Stakes – Isinglass
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Tarcoola
Canada
Queen's Plate – Martello
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Thurles
Irish Derby Stakes – Bowline
USA
Kentucky Derby – Lookout
Preakness Stakes – not run
Belmont Stakes – Commanche
Ice hockey
Events
March – the Ottawa Hockey Club defeats the Toronto Granites by default to win the Ontario Hockey Association title.
17 March – At the conclusion of the 1893 AHAC season, Montreal Hockey Club wins the championship with a record of finishes in first place and is awarded the inaugural Stanley Cup. The club, which is in dispute with the Montreal AAA, refuses to accept it.
Rowing
The Boat Race
22 March – Oxford wins the 50th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
In the 11th series, six matches are played between England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Wales wins all three of its matches to take the Championship for the first time.
Speed skating
Events
First World Championships in speed skating (open to men only) directly under the auspices of the ISU held in Amsterdam
Speed Skating World Championships
Men's All-round Champion – Jaap Eden (Netherlands)
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – Joshua Pim (Ireland) defeats Wilfred Baddeley (GB) 3–6 6–1 6–3 6–2
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Lottie Dod (GB) defeats Blanche Bingley Hillyard (GB) 6–8 6–1 6–4
France
French Men's Singles Championship – Laurent Riboulet defeats Jean Schopfer 6–3 6–3
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Robert Wrenn defeats Fred Hovey 6–4 3–6 6–4 6–4
American Women's Singles Championship – Aline Terry defeats Augusta Schultz 6–1 6–3
Yacht racing
America's Cup
The New York Yacht Club retains the America's Cup as Vigilant defeats British challenger Valkyrie II, of the Royal Yacht Squadron, 3 races to 0
References
Sports by year
The 6th SS Police Regiment () was initially named the 6th Police Regiment (Polizei-Regiment 6) when it was formed in 1942 from existing Order Police (Ordnungspolizei) units for security duties on the Eastern Front. It was redesignated as an SS unit in early 1943.
Formation and organization
The regiment was ordered formed in July 1942 in Russia, but the regimental headquarters was not formed until 2 September. Police Battalion 82 (Polizei-Batallion 82), Police Battalion 311 and Police Battalion 318 were redesignated as the regiment's first through third battalions, respectively. All of the police regiments were redesignated as SS police units on 24 February 1943.
The regimental headquarters was destroyed in January 1943 and its remnants were withdrawn to Adlershorst, (now Rusko, Poland), where they may have been used to form the headquarters of the 24th SS Police Regiment. Its battalions, however, were assigned to different German Army security divisions and did not suffer its fate. The Third Battalion was stationed in the rear of the 8th Italian Army when it was overrun by the Red Army during Operation Little Saturn in January–February 1943 and may have been destroyed at that time.
The 6th SS Police Regiment was reformed in October 1944 in Hungary. Its first and second battalions were formed by the redesignation of II and III Battalions of the 1st SS Police Regiment although its third and fourth battalions were newly raised. The regimental headquarters was destroyed during the Siege of Budapest in early 1945; the survivors were in Soviet prisoner of war camps by 11 February, but its battalions appear to have survived the siege.
Notes
References
Arico, Massimo. Ordnungspolizei: Encyclopedia of the German Police Battalions, Stockholm: Leandoer and Ekholm (2010).
Blood, Phillip W. Hitler's Bandit Hunters: The SS and the Nazi Occupation of Europe, Washington, D.C.: Potomac Books (2006).
Tessin, Georg & Kannapin, Norbert. Waffen-SS under Ordnungspolizei im Kriegseinsatz 1939–1945: Ein Überlick anhand der Feldpostübersicht, Osnabrück, Germany: Biblio Verlag (2000).
Patrick d'Arcy (27 September 1725 – 18 October 1779) was an Irish mathematician born in Kiltullagh, County Galway in the west of Ireland. Their family, who were Catholics, suffered under the penal laws. In 1739 d'Arcy was sent abroad by their parents to an uncle in Paris. They were tutored in mathematics by Jean-Baptiste Clairaut, and became a friend of Jean-Baptiste's son, Alexis-Claude Clairaut, (Alexis Clairaut), who was a brilliant young mathematician. d'Arcy made original contributions to dynamics.  They are best known for their part in the discovery of the principle of angular momentum, in a form which was known as "the principle of areas," which they announced in 1746. See the article on areal velocity. d'Arcy also had an illustrious military career in the French army. They obtained the title of "Count" in the French nobility. They were a generous patron of Irish refugees in France. In addition to their contributions to dynamics, they performed research on artillery and on electricity.
An experiment of his, reported in 1765, on visual perception is often referred to: they built a machine in their garden to measure the duration of visual impressions. A burning coal, attached to an arm of a cross rotated by the machine, would be made to spin just fast enough to give the impression of a full fiery circle. With the collaboration of a dedicated observer with better eyesight than D'Arcy, they measured a 0,13 second duration for the visual sensation of the rotating burning coal, as seen in the dark from a circa 50 meter distance. They planned further experiments to measure the suspected differences between individuals, colors, viewing distances and light intensity of objects. The experiment is often mentioned by film scholars in the context of persistence of vision.
D'Arcy was elected to the Academie Royale des Sciences in 1749. They died from cholera in Paris in October 1779.
There is a copy of a portrait of d'Arcy in Wade (1997), , which was found in Charbonnier (1928).
References
C.S. Gillmor, "D'Arcy, Patrick," Dictionary of Scientific Biography, Vol. III, pp. 561–2, Scribner's, New York (1970).
http://www.iol.ie/~mfinn/kiltullaghho.html
M. le Chevalier D'Arcy, "Principe Géneral de Dynamique,"Mémoires de l'Académie des Sciences de Paris, 1747, pp. 348–356.
J. Casey, "Areal Velocity and Angular Momentum for Non-Planar Problems in Particle Mechanics," American Journal of Physics, Vol. 75, pp. 677–685, 2007.
M. le Chevalier D'Arcy, "Sur la Durée de la Sensation de La vue," Mémoires de l'Académie des Sciences de Paris, pp. 439–451, 1765.
N.J. Wade, Guest Editorial, Perception, Vol. 26, 1997, .
P.J. Charbonnier, Essais sur l'Histoire de la Balistique, Société d'Éditions Géographiques, Paris (1928)
1725 births
1779 deaths
18th-century Irish people
People from County Galway
Irish physicists
French Army personnel
Deaths from cholera
Irish mathematicians
The Jingxingji (; literally "Record of Travels") was a now lost journey book written by Du Huan shortly after they returned to China in 762 from the Abbasid Caliphate. Only about 1,511 words are being preserved under the Tongdian. It recorded about thirteen main countries, and a separated book was later published by Wang Guowei under the title of Guxingji Xiaolu from this source. Other parallel quotes can also be found from the Imperial Readings of the Taiping Era, Taiping Huanyuji, Tongzhi and Tongkao.
In 1866, a section with regard to the Byzantine Empire of the texts was being translated into English by Henry Yule. Since then, a few of the scholars such as Hirth (1885), Chavannes (1903), Shiratori (1904), Rockhill (1911) and Pelliot (1904 and 1929) carry on the translation and excerpt from the portion of the texts into their works. The texts have overall been held in high regard among the early Chinese scholars such as Zhang Xinglang, Feng Chengjun, Xiang Da and Bai Shouyi.
References
Zhang, Yi and Zhang, Yichun (2006, 2nd ed). Annotation and Interpretation on the "Memoir of the Pilgrimage to the Five Kingdoms of India" and the "Record of Travels". Beijing: Zhonghua Book Company. .
Yang, Tingfu, "Du Huan". Encyclopedia of China, 1st ed.
External links
A Chinese in the Nubian and Abyssinian Kingdoms (8th Century), Wolbert Smidt.
Chinese history texts
Tang dynasty literature
8th-century history books
8th-century Chinese books
The 2011 Chicago Fire season was the club's 16th year of existence, as well as their 14th season in Major League Soccer and their 14th consecutive year in the top-flight of American soccer.
Overview
February
Squad
As of September 14, 2011.
Player movement
Transfers
In
Out
Loans
In
Out
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Match results
Pre-season
Kickoff times are in CST.
Carolina Challenge Cup
Kickoff times are in CST.
Major League Soccer
Kickoff times are in CST.
U.S. Open Cup
Kickoff times are in CST.
International friendlies
Kickoff times are in CST.
Recognition
Kits
Leading scorers
Last updated on October 23, 2011. Source: MLSsoccer.com Statistics - 2011 Chicago Fire
MLS Team of the Week
MLS Player of the Week
MLS All-Stars 2011
Miscellany
Allocation ranking
Chicago is in the #5 position in the MLS Allocation Ranking. The allocation ranking is the mechanism used to determine which MLS club has first priority to acquire a U.S. National Team player who signs with MLS after playing abroad, or a former MLS player who returns to the league after having gone to a club abroad for a transfer fee. Chicago traded allocation ranking positions with Seattle Sounders FC on August 26, 2011, with Seattle gaining the #4 position and Chicago receiving the #6 position.
International roster spots
Chicago has 8 international roster spots. Each club in Major League Soccer is allocated 8 international roster spots, which can be traded. There have been no reported trades involving Chicago international roster spots for the 2011 season. There is no limit on the number of international slots on each club's roster. The remaining roster slots must belong to domestic players. For clubs based in the United States, a domestic player is either a U.S. citizen, a permanent resident (green card holder) or the holder of other special status (e.g., refugee or asylum status).
Future draft pick trades
MLS rights to other players
It is believed Chicago maintains the MLS rights to Carlos Bocanegra, Wilman Conde, Freddie Ljungberg, and Chris Rolfe as each of these players declined contract offers by the club and signed overseas on free transfers.
References
Chicago Fire FC seasons
Chicago Fire
Chicago Fire
Chicago Fire
Let's Keep It That Way is the 12th studio album by Anne Murray, released in February 1978. On the Canadian charts the album topped both the country and pop album charts. In the U.S., the album returned Murray to the top ten on the country album chart, a height they had not reached since 1974's Highly Prized Possession; on the pop album chart, the album reached No. 12 (and would ultimately be the highest-charting album of Murray's career on that chart).
Two singles were released from the album: first, a cover of the Everly Brothers' hit "Walk Right Back", which reached No. 4 on the U.S. country singles charts. The second single released, "You Needed Me", would ultimately become one of the biggest hits of Murray's career, topping all three Canadian charts; in the U.S. it reached No. 1 on the U.S. pop singles charts (becoming Murray's sole chart-topper on the Hot 100 charts), as well as No. 4 on the country singles charts, and No. 3 on the A/C charts. This track was also included in the UK issue of their next album, New Kind of Feeling. In addition to the two singles, the title track received substantial Adult Contemporary airplay as an album cut.
"You Needed Me" won Anne the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
In 1979, Juice Newton released their version of the title song "Let's Keep It That Way" as a single. It became their first Top 40 hit, reaching No. 37 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart.
Nancy Sinatra recorded a cover of "Let's Keep It That Way" that was released as a single by Elektra Records in 1980. It was later included on their 2009 digital-only collection, Cherry Smiles - The Rare Singles.
Mac Davis recorded "Let's Keep It That Way", taking their version to the top ten of the U.S. country singles chart in 1980.
The album's cover photo was taken by Murray's then husband, Bill Langstroth.
Track listing
Chart performance
Certifications
Personnel
Anne Murray - vocals
Pat Riccio, Jr, Doug Riley - keyboards
Barry Keane - drums, percussion
Tom Szczesniak - bass
Aidan Mason, Brian Russell, Bob Mann, John Leslie Hug - guitar
Jay Dee Maness, Bob Lucier, Pee Wee Charles - steel guitar, dobro
Bill Hughes, Bruce Murray, Deborah Schaal - backing vocals
Doug Riley, Rick Wilkins - string and horn arrangements
References
1978 albums
Anne Murray albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums produced by Jim Ed Norman
The 2011 2000 Guineas Stakes was the 203rd running of the 2000 Guineas Stakes horse race. It was run over one mile at Newmarket Racecourse on 30 April 2011.
This race was the sixth of Frankel's unbeaten 14 race winning streaks, their second win as a 3-year-old and their second Group 1 victory, following their victory in the Dewhurst Stakes at the same racecourse in 2010.
Rerouted was entered into the race primarily to act as a pacemaker to the highly promising Frankel, however with Frankel being drawn in stall number one and Rerouted in stall number thirteen, the opposite side of the Rowley Mile racecourse at Newmarket, the pacemaking job was almost rendered obsolete.
Such was Frankel's pace that they drew clear from the field from the off, pacemaker and all. Where some may have considered it a risk for jockey Tom Queally to allow Frankel to set its own pace, it became clear that Frankel was a very special horse on this day as they quickly established an insurmountable lead and won the race in one of the most dominant displays in any British classic.
Race details
Sponsor: QIPCO
Winner's prize money: £198,695
Going: Good to firm
Number of runners: 13
Winner's time: 1 minute, 37.30 seconds
Full result
* The distances between the horses are shown in lengths
Winner details
Further details of the winner, Frankel:
Foaled: 11 February 2008, in Great Britain
Sire: Galileo; Dam: Kind (Danehill)
Owner: Khalid Abdulla
Breeder: Juddmonte Farms
Form analysis
Two-year-old races
Notable runs by the future 2000 Guineas participants as two-year-olds in 2010:
Frankel – 1st in Royal Lodge Stakes, Dewhurst Stakes
Dubawi Gold – 2nd in Woodcote Stakes, 10th in Norfolk Stakes, 11th in Gimcrack Stakes, 9th in Racing Post Trophy
Native Khan – 1st in Solario Stakes, 4th in Racing Post Trophy
Slim Shadey – 6th in Chesham Stakes, 2nd in Washington Singer Stakes, 5th in Royal Lodge Stakes
Pathfork – 1st in Futurity Stakes, 1st in Vincent O'Brien National Stakes
Rerouted – 1st in Somerville Tattersall Stakes, 4th in Critérium International
Casamento – 2nd in Vincent O'Brien National Stakes, 1st in Beresford Stakes, 1st in Racing Post Trophy
Roderic O'Connor – 2nd in Dewhurst Stakes, 1st in Critérium International
Saamidd – 1st in Champagne Stakes, 6th in Dewhurst Stakes
Broox – 2nd in Prix Robert Papin, 4th in Prix Morny, 1st in Prix d'Arenberg, 9th in Critérium de Maisons-Laffitte
The road to Newmarket
Early-season appearances in 2011, prior to running in the 2000 Guineas:
Frankel – 1st in Greenham Stakes
Dubawi Gold – 1st in Lingfield Spring Cup, 1st in Lingfield International Trial Stakes
Native Khan – 1st in Craven Stakes
Happy Today – 2nd in Feilden Stakes
Rerouted – 2nd in European Free Handicap
Subsequent Group 1 wins
Group 1 victories after running in the 2000 Guineas:
Frankel – St James's Palace Stakes (2011), Sussex Stakes (2011, 2012), Queen Elizabeth II Stakes (2011), Lockinge Stakes (2012), Queen Anne Stakes (2012), International Stakes (2012), Champion Stakes (2012)
Roderic O'Connor – Irish 2000 Guineas
References
2011 in British sport
2011 in English sport
2000 Guineas
2010s in Suffolk
2000 Guineas Stakes
Dobby Gibson (born 1970) is an American poet. Their first book of poetry, Polar, (Alice James Books, 2004) won the 2004 Beatrice Hawley Award and was a finalist for the 2006 Minnesota Book Award.  They are also author of Skirmish (2009) It Becomes You (2013), and Little Glass Plane (2019), all published by Graywolf Press.
Gibson's poetry has appeared in Ploughshares, Fence, Iowa Review, New England Review, American Poetry Review, Conduit, among others publications.  They are the recipient of a poetry fellowship from the McKnight Foundation. Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, they earned a B.A. from Connecticut College in 1993 and an M.F.A. from Indiana University in 1997. They live in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Published works
References
External links
All Things Considered Interview
Poetry Foundation Biography
Review: Dobby Gibson's Polar: Grab That Line and Hold On > by Erin Marsh
Audio: Dobby Gibson Reading at Prairie Lights Bookstore
Audio: Dobby Gibson' ''Fishousepoems" Page
2005 Minnesota Writers Career Initiative Grants
No Surrender
Dobby Gibson reads for the Poem of the Day Podcast from InDigest
21st-century American poets
Connecticut College alumni
Indiana University alumni
1970 births
Living people
Ronald Norman Shapley was a Colonial Anglican Bishop in the Windward Islands from 1949 until 1962.
They were born on 16 July 1890 and educated at King's College London. After World War I with the London Regiment they were ordained in 1920. After a curacy at St Clement's Notting Hill they were Chaplain of the Gordon Boys' Home. In 1927 they entered the Chaplains' Branch of the RAF rising in time to be Assistant Chaplain-in-Chief before their appointment to the episcopate. They were ordained and consecrated a bishop on St Luke's day (18 October) at Southwark Cathedral by Geoffrey Fisher, Archbishop of Canterbury, and died on 27 December 1964.
References
1890 births
British Army personnel of World War I
Alumni of King's College London
Associates of King's College
Recipients of the Military Cross
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Caribbean
Anglican bishops of the Windward Islands
1965 deaths
Royal Air Force chaplains
London Regiment officers
Deans of St George's Cathedral, Kingstown
Overseas National Airways (ONA) Flight 032 was a non-scheduled positioning flight operated by Overseas National Airways with a McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30CF. On November 12, 1975, the flight crew initiated a rejected takeoff after accelerating through a large flock of gulls at John F. Kennedy International Airport, resulting in a runway excursion. Of the 139 aircraft occupants, all survived, while the aircraft was destroyed by an intense post-crash fire. The National Transportation Safety Board concluded that the probable cause of the accident was bird ingestion into the right-hand engine, causing an uncontained engine failure that ruptured several landing gear tires and disabled the engine's hydraulic system, in turn partially disabling the spoilers and the landing gear brakes. Contributing to the accident was the resultant failure of the affected engine's thrust reverser and the wet runway. The accident aircraft is claimed to be the largest commercial airliner ever destroyed due to a bird strike.
Aircraft and crew
Aircraft
The aircraft was a 2-year-old McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30CF registered as N1032F and named "HolidayLiner Freedom" by Overseas National Airways (ONA), its only operator. It was powered by three General Electric CF6-50A high-bypass turbofan engines.
Crew
The crew consisted of Captain Harry R. Davis, aged 55, employed by ONA since 1951, who had qualified to fly the DC-10 in 1973 and accumulated 25,000 flight hours in their career with 2,000 hours on the DC-10; First Officer Raymond A. Carrier, aged 52, employed by ONA since 1968, with 14,500 flight hours of which 450 hours were on the DC-10; and Flight Engineer Jack A. Holland, aged 44, employed by ONA since May 19, 1959, with 12,000 flight hours of which 2,000 flight hours were on the DC-10. In addition to the flight crew, a non-flying ONA observer occupied the jump seat in the cockpit.
Flight
Onboard the flight were 129 passengers and ten crew members, all of whom were ONA employees (including maintenance crew, flight attendants, ground personnel, etc.) bound for Mecca to operate air charter flights. Prior to departure, the aircraft had been loaded to — less than its maximum takeoff weight—and was carrying an estimated of jet fuel at the time of the accident. Meteorological information indicated that visibility was , wind was blowing at heading 160° at , with an overcast ceiling of . The captain requested Runway 13R, one of the newest runways at John F. Kennedy International Airport, due to the aircraft's heavy weight. Flight 032 entered Runway 13R and started its takeoff roll.
Accident
As the DC-10 was accelerating on the ground at around , a large flock of gulls rose from the runway and clustered directly in front of the aircraft. As the aircraft passed through the flock, the flight crew heard three loud explosions or bangs. The captain immediately initiated a rejected takeoff, brought the thrust levers to the idle position, and deployed the thrust reversers. The master caution lights illuminated and the flight engineer exclaimed that they had "lost" the #3 engine (the engine on the right wing) as it went into reverse thrust. The flight engineer then noticed that pressure in the #2 hydraulic system, which is powered by the #3 engine, had dropped to zero. The master fire warning lights and the fire warning light for the #3 engine illuminated, and the first officer and flight engineer attempted to shut the engine down, but found that the fuel shutoff lever would not move. The flight engineer then actuated the fire extinguishers for the engine but did not see the light that indicated the extinguishers had discharged. Around this time, the pilots realized that the aircraft was not decelerating normally but believed that directional control could be maintained, so they initiated a slight left-hand turn towards Taxiway Z to avoid plowing into a blast fence past the departure end of the runway. However, the aircraft left the runway pavement before reaching the taxiway, and began to shudder violently. As the aircraft came to rest on Taxiway Z, the captain pulled the fuel shutoff levers and fire handles for the other two engines, but was unable to order an emergency evacuation because the public address microphone had become displaced. The first officer opened a cockpit window and saw that the right wing was ablaze, and a cabin crew member opened the cockpit door, revealing that the cabin was filling with black smoke.
Evacuation and wreckage
The flight crew initiated an evacuation through the cockpit windows using escape ropes and the cabin crew began evacuating the cabin using the evacuation slides. All 129 passengers and 10 crew members were able to evacuate, with 27 passengers suffering minor injuries and six crew members suffering minor or serious injuries, all sustained during the emergency evacuation. Although airport firefighters arrived almost immediately and began fighting the fire, HolidayLiner Freedom came to rest near an underground storm drain which began collecting draining fuel, rendering it extremely difficult for firefighters to extinguish the blaze; however, most of the fire remained confined to the crash area. However, pieces of the #3 engine struck a Pan Am tire shop near Runway 13R, damaging a tractor and causing several fuel drums to burn.
The aircraft's left and centerline landing gear separated from the airframe while the right main landing gear had collapsed. Wreckage was scattered over an area of long and wide. Pieces of the #3 engine were scattered across the runway while the other two engines remained attached to the airframe.
Investigation
National Transportation Safety Board
After an in-depth investigation for 1 year and 1 month, the National Transportation Safety Board released its final report on December 16, 1976. The Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) was deemed unusable due to its recording tape having been destroyed by the massive fire that erupted and the Flight Data Recorder (FDR) inadvertently stopped while Flight 032 was accelerating to 168 knots. The NTSB highlighted that the crew performed "exceptionally well" and the fire did not penetrate far into the cabin or into the cockpit before everyone evacuated.
Conclusions were as follows:
The No. 3 hydraulic system was inoperative, which in turn caused the loss of the No. 2 brake system, and braking torque fell to zero
The No. 3 engine thrust reverser was rendered inoperative
At least three tires disintegrated
The No. 3 system spoiler panels on each wing could not deploy
The runway surface was wet
Recommendations were as follows:
The bird-control program at John F. Kennedy Airport did not effectively control the bird hazard at the airport
The Federal Aviation Administration and the General Electric Company failed to consider the effects of rotor imbalance on the abradable epoxy shroud material when the engine was tested for certification.
General Electric
An investigation was carried out on the #3 engine by General Electric Aircraft Engines (GEAE) in Ohio. Disassembly revealed that several engine fan blades were damaged and broken, causing blades to abrade the epoxy fan shroud; as the epoxy combusted, it ignited jet fuel leaking from a broken fuel line. However, GEAE denied that the ingested birds were the underlying cause of the damage. Company investigators speculated that a tire or landing gear failure had occurred prior to the bird strikes, and that tire, wheel or landing gear debris ingested into the engine caused the fan blade damage and cut the fuel line. To demonstrate that the General Electric CF6 engine was capable of withstanding a bird strike, the National Transportation Safety Board conducted a test with a sample engine. The test caused no severe damage to any engine parts. Modifications to the test engine, such as increasing the distance between each fan blade, gave similar results. However, several changes could have been made to improve the effectiveness of the bird strike hazard.
Aftermath
Precaution against birds at JFK
It was reported that 11 other severe bird strike incidents occurred at John F. Kennedy between July and November 1975. After the accident, a recommendation was given to the staff services to provide adequate bird strike protection. Following this recommendation, between 6:00 A.M. and 10 A.M. and 2:00 P.M. onwards, a crew of seven staff members patrol birds with sound detectors and shoot birds if with an imminent collision with an aircraft. The FAA mentioned that JFK bird hazard measures were taken on a "piecemeal" basis and insufficient for FAA standards. The FAA mandated to JFK:
To perform a daily runway inspection, especially near bird strike prone areas
To participate or create an effective bird hazard handling program
To eliminate several sewer outlets and dumps which attract seagulls
Eliminate rodents or rabbits which attract seagulls
Eliminate trees in the immediate area, especially bird-loved areas
Engine hazard protection
The Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation provided a recommendation to General Electric about bird strike protection to the CFM-50 and CFM-6 series engines stating that the epoxy resin must be replaced with an Aluminium Honeycomb which will reduce the contained damage the critical and fragile engine compressor.
Seat belt recommendation
On June 15, 1978, a recommendation was also sent to American Safety Inc. that the restraints on the ONA DC-10's involving this and another non-fatal accident in Turkey in 1976 were not sufficient. Between 7 - 10 inches of the 19 inches of maximum pull, the seatbelt would provide the lock mechanism required as one flight attendant in this accident was thrown off from their jumpseat and in the accident in Turkey, three flight attendants were thrown off from their jumpseats.
See also
Continental Airlines Flight 1404, another non-fatal takeoff runway excursion
US Airways Flight 1549, another non-fatal birdstrike accident
Pacific Western Airlines Flight 501, another non-fatal fire related aviation accident
Biman Bangladesh Airlines Flight 060, non-fatal landing accident
Ryanair Flight 4102, non-fatal birdstrike landing accident
Kalitta Air Flight 207, non-fatal birdstrike accident
2021 Houston MD-87 crash, similar runway excursion
China Airlines Flight 120
Southwest Air Lines Flight 611
Air France Flight 358 & British Airways Flight 38 were both non-fatal landing accidents
British Airways Flight 2276 & Korean Air Flight 2708 were both uncontained engine failure incidents
References
External links
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1975
Accidents and incidents involving the McDonnell Douglas DC-10
Aviation accidents and incidents in New York City
Airliner accidents and incidents involving in-flight explosions
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by bird strikes
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by engine failure
Nadruchevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Rakulo-Kokshengskoye Rural Settlement of Velsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 8 as of 2014.
Geography
Nadruchevskaya is located 56 km east of Velsk (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ulasovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Velsky District
In molecular biology, the calcium-activated potassium channel beta subunit is a family of proteins comprising the beta subunits of calcium-activated potassium channels.
The functional diversity of potassium channels can arise through homo- or hetero-associations of alpha subunits or association with auxiliary cytoplasmic beta subunits. The beta subunit (which is thought to possess 2 transmembrane domains) increases the calcium sensitivity of the BK channel. It does this by enhancing the time spent by the channel in burst-like open states. However, it has little effect on the durations of closed intervals between bursts, or on the numbers of open and closed states entered during gating.
References
Protein families
The Koblenz cable car (German: Seilbahn Koblenz) is an aerial lift that was opened in 2010 in Koblenz, Germany for the Bundesgartenschau (a biennial exhibition) the following year. It connects the banks of the river Rhine and the hill plateau next to Ehrenbreitstein Fortress. The cable car system has an 890m length and elevates 112m.
The gondola system has an hourly capacity of 7600 people, the most for any such a ride in the world. It operates usually between April and October of a given year. Its construction and operation is in control by an Austrian company specialized in such rides, the Doppelmayr Gruppe.
See also
Ehrenbreitstein Fortress
Federal Horticultural Show 2011
Cologne Cable Car, which was also built for a Bundesgartenschau in 1957.
References
Koblenz
Cable cars in Germany
2010 establishments in Germany
Made in Japan (Live at Parco Capello) is the first live album by Italian rock group Elio e le Storie Tese.
It shows a reference to the famous Deep Purple live album Made in Japan both in its title and graphics.
The titles of the two CDs refer to phrases commonly heard at box offices from people trying to get in for free: Dovrebbero esserci due accrediti (English: "There should be two complimentary tickets") and Può guardare sotto Fabio? (English: "Can you look under Fabio?").
Track listing
Side One: Dovrebbero esserci due accrediti
"Me l'ha detto Michele" – 1:16
"Cassonetto differenziato per il frutto del peccato" – 4:36
"Uomini col borsello (Ragazza che limoni sola)" – 5:41
"Ocio ocio" – 3:47
"Né carne né pesce" – 6:08
"Servi della gleba" – 8:44
"Il vitello dai piedi di balsa" – 3:31
"Il vitello dai piedi di balsa (reprise)" – 1:27
"Paolo pum, Christian chock" – 2:52
"El Pube" – 6:02
"La terra dei cachi" – 7:14
Side Two: Può guardare sotto Fabio?
"Quando si parla di capitalismo, tutti hanno paura dell'armonica" – 0:57
"Lo stato A, lo stato B" – 4:35
"Abbecedario" – 3:08
"John Holmes (una vita per il cinema)" – 4:22
"Milza" – 3:48
"Cara ti amo (Risvolti psicologici nei rapporti fra giovani uomini e giovani donne)" – 7:10
"Il mondo di Paul Branigade" – 2:27
"Essere donna oggi" – 5:08
"Supergiovane" – 8:17
"Zooma zooma baccalà" – 2:22
"Tapparella" – 10:22
Personnel
Elio – vocals, transverse flute
Rocco Tanica – keyboards, vocals, backing vocals
Cesareo – lead guitar, backing vocals
Faso – bass guitar, backing vocals
Christian Meyer – drums, percussions
Feiez – saxophone, vocals, percussions, bass, guitar, keyboards
Luca Mangoni – choreographies
Jantoman – keyboards
Charts
References
Further reading
External links
Elio e le Storie Tese albums
2001 live albums
Italian-language albums
Jakubiak is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alex Jakubiak (born 1996), Scottish footballer
Bella Jakubiak (born 1983), self-taught Australian chef
Elżbieta Jakubiak (born 1966), Polish politician
Marek Jakubiak, Polish politician
Paweł Jakubiak (born 1974), Polish field hockey player
Sebastian Jakubiak (born 1993), German footballer
Polish-language surnames
An election promise or campaign promise is a promise or guarantee made to the public by a candidate or political party that is trying to win an election.
Across the Western world, political parties are highly likely to fulfill their election promises. In the United States, platform positions offer important clues as to the policies that U.S. parties will enact. Over the past 30 years, Democratic and Republican congresspeople voted in line with their respective party platforms 74% and 89% of the time, respectively.
Fulfilling promises
A 2017 study in the American Journal of Political Science found that for 12 countries (Austria, Bulgaria, Canada, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States) found that political parties fulfill their promises to voters to a considerable extent:
Parties that hold executive office after elections generally fulfill substantial percentages, sometimes very high percentages, of their election pledges, whereas parties that do not hold executive office generally find that lower percentages of their pledges are fulfilled. The fulfillment of pledges by governing executive parties varies across governments in ways that reflect power-sharing arrangements. The main power-sharing arrangement that impacts pledge fulfillment distinguishes between single-party governments and coalitions, not between governments with and without legislative majorities. We found the highest percentages of pledge fulfillment for governing parties in the United Kingdom, Sweden, Portugal, Spain, and Canada, most of which governed in single-party executives. We found lower percentages for governing parties in Germany, the Netherlands, Austria, Bulgaria, Ireland, and Italy, most of which governed in coalitions. Pledge fulfillment by U.S. presidential parties lies at the higher end of coalition governments, which suggests that U.S. presidents are more constrained than governing parties in single-party parliamentary systems, but less constrained than most governing parties in multiparty coalitions.Other research on the United States suggests that Democratic and Republican congresspeople voted in line with their respective party platforms 74% and 89% of the time, respectively.
Examples of broken promises
The British Liberal Party's pledge to cut military spending, before embarking on the Dreadnought arms race with Germany.
The British Labour Party's 1945 pledge to set up a new ministry of housing.
Australian Prime Minister Bob Hawke, in 1987, said that "by 1990 no Australian child will be living in poverty"
George H. W. Bush promised not to raise taxes while president during their 1988 campaign. This was best remembered in a speech at the Republican National Convention when they said "Congress will push and push...and I'll say Read my lips: no new taxes". After a recession began during their term and the deficit widened, Bush agreed to proposals to increase taxes. Although not the only broken promise concerning taxes, it was by far the most famous.
In 1994, upon entering Italian politics, media tycoon Silvio Berlusconi promised that they would sell their assets in Fininvest (later Mediaset), because of the conflict of interest it would have generated, a promise they repeated a number of times in later years, but after 12 years and having served three terms as prime minister, they still retain ownership of their company that controls virtually all the Italian private TV stations and a large number of magazines and publishing houses, which have extensively been used in favour of their political party
Australian Prime Minister John Howard in 1995 that the GST would "never ever" be part of Liberal policy (the tax package was not implemented that term but was put to the Australian people at the next election in 1998 that re-elected Howard)
During the 2000 U.S. Presidential election campaign, George W. Bush said, "If we don't stop extending our troops all around the world in nation-building missions, then we're going to have a serious problem coming down the road. And I'm going to prevent that."
In Ireland, Fianna Fáil's 2002 election promise to "permanently end all hospital waiting lists" by 2004 and to "create a world class health service" through reform and expanding healthcare coverage with "200,000 extra medical cards".
When asked about the issue of carbon taxation, Prime Minister Julia Gillard responded by saying "There will be no carbon tax under the government I lead. What we will do is we will tackle the challenge of climate change." In February 2011, Gillard then announced a carbon pricing mechanism in order to secure a minority government. This has been construed by some as being a broken promise, with debate centering on whether or not a fixed price leading into a trading scheme can be called a 'tax'.
Before the 2011 Irish general election, the then Labour Party leader Eamon Gilmore infamously said "Frankfurt's Way or Labour's Way" in reference to the EU/IMF deal. After being elected to power the party went on to accept the deal.
Former U.S. President Barack Obama vowed repeatedly during the 2008 election to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba, but the prison remained open the entirety of their Presidency and remains so .
In the 2010 election to the U.K. House of Commons, the Liberal Democrat Party candidates took a pledge to oppose any increase in university tuition fees and campaign for their abolition. After forming a coalition government with the Tories, 21 of 57 Liberal Democrat MPs voted to increase the fees.
During the Canadian federal election in 2015 , Justin Trudeau promised to replace the first-past-the-post electoral system before the next federal election. They later rescinded this promise.
President Donald Trump, as a candidate in the 2016 presidential election, promised that they would imprison Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over their email controversy, most notably during the 2016 Republican National Convention and the second presidential debate. After becoming President-elect, Trump announced they would not actually charge Clinton with any wrongdoing. The Trump Administration did not take any action against Clinton.
In the 2019 general election in the United Kingdom the Conservative Party, led by Boris Johnson, pledged in their manifesto to not raise the rate of income tax, VAT or National Insurance. In September 2021, Johnson announced that National Insurance would be increased by 1.25 percentage points from April 2022 to raise money for the National Health Service and social care.
See also
Consent of the governed
Government platform
Mandate (politics)
Manifesto
Read my lips: no new taxes
Social contract
Notes
p. 116 "Nixon didn't invent the phrase, which originated with a reporter looking for a lead to a story summarizing the Republican candidate's (hazy) promise to end the war without losing. But neither did they disavow the term, and it soon became a part of the campaign. When pressed for details, Nixon retreated to the not indefensible position that to tip their hand would interfere with the negotiations that had begun in Paris."; Stated evidence suggests that Nixon never used the term, and that it actually came from a question by a voter at a New Hampshire campaign stop.
p. 298
p. 203
p. 174; p. 217
Small p. 162
Small p. 179
See U.S. presidential election, 1900 Misleading Philippine War claims by the Republicans
Small, p. 166; p. 20; p. 120; p. 119
The Most Controversial Political Campaigns in World History
References
Election campaign terminology
Social ethics
Germania Slavica is a historiographic term used since the 1950s to denote the landscape of the medieval language border (roughly east of the Elbe-Saale line) zone between Germans and Slavs in Central Europe on the one hand and a 20th-century scientific working group to research the conditions in that area during the High Middle Ages on the other.
The historian Klaus Zernack divides Germania Slavica into:
Germania Slavica I between the Elbe and Saale rivers in the west and the Oder in the east, which had formed part of the Frankish and later Holy Roman Empires as marches
Germania Slavica II east of Germania Slavica I and west of the Kingdom of Poland, comprising the Silesian, Pomeranian, and Prussian duchies as well as the Neumark.
From the late first millennium CE, Slavic tribes (collectively referred to as Wends) settled in Germania Slavica. The area underwent great social transformations associated with the influx of settlers from the West (primarily Germans) during the Ostsiedlung in the High Middle Ages. The consequences of Ostsiedlung would be long lasting with the social structure of "East Elbia" (German speaking lands east of the Elbe river) being dominated by latifundia and Prussian Junkers until the land reform and expulsion of most ethnic Germans following the Second World War. By contrast, the rest of German speaking Europe was dominated by small farms and increasing urbanization.
By analogy, the term Bavaria Slavica denotes the medieval German-Slavic contact zone in northeastern Bavaria.
Historical viewpoint
The Germania Slavica was introduced by Wolfgang H. Fritze as a research term in the mediaeval terminology when their interdisciplinary working group (IAG) was founded in 1976. This term was first used by Walter Schlesinger in 1961, as an analogy to 1932 research term Germania Romana coined by Theodor Frings . The Germania Romana designated, according to Frings, the spaces "in which German language development [...] has been determined by the influence of Roman substrates ", essentially the areas west of the Rhine and Neckar and south of the Altmühl and the Danube (Limes).
Accordingly, Fritze formulated in 1980: As Germania Slavica we refer to "the area of the medieval German eastern settlement in the Slavic populated areas east of the Elbe and Saale, insofar as it has been linguistically Germanized". Walter Lammers defined: “The space between the western border of the more or less permanent Slavic settlement and the eastern border of the new German tribes, as they were in the 19th and 20th centuries. Century. ”The western border was marked by Wagria, the Wendland and the Altmark, then by the Elbe and Saale and the southern border by Upper Franconia and the Upper Palatinate (Bavaria Slavica).
With regard to the eastern extent, Polish research has put the counter-term Slavia Germanica up for discussion, so that there are gears in the Pomeranian, Lusatian and Silesian regions.
The western and eastern borders (defined by language diffusion) of the medieval Germania Slavica are not identical to modern state borders. Due to the different accessibility to research bases, however, at the suggestion of Klaus Zernack, for pragmatic reasons, a distinction was made between Germania Slavica I and Germania Slavica II, separated by the Oder as a state border since 1945, although the historical landscapes of Pomerania and Lebus are intersected by the Oder. Germania Slavica 1 has recently been converted into a “northern” (Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania and Brandenburg) and a "southern" (Saxony) divided.
Ultimately, however, Germania Slavica as a German-Slavic contact zone is not primarily about a room, but about the location of historical processes. It is therefore not a question of the (one-sided) representation of the German East Settlement, but of shaping the area with the involvement of the Slavic population (especially the Elbe Slavs), both in the period before German immigration and during the high medieval expansion of the country.
References
See also
Wends
Limes Saxoniae
Ostsiedlung
Sorbian March
Medieval Germany
Medieval Poland
Latin words and phrases
West Slavic history
The Oberliga Westfalen is the highest level football league in the region of Westphalia, which is part of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The league existed from 1978 to 2008, but was then replaced by the NRW-Liga, a new statewide league. With the reform of the league system in 2012, which reduced the Regionalliga West to clubs from North Rhine-Westphalia only and disbanded the NRW-Liga below it, the Oberliga Westfalen was reintroduced as the highest tier in the region and the fifth level overall in Germany. It is one of fourteen Oberligas in German football, the fifth tier of the German football league system.
Overview
The league was formed in 1978 as the highest level of play for the region of Westphalia, which used to be split into two groups and covered the eastern half of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The main reason for the creation of this league was to allow its champion direct promotion to the 2nd Bundesliga Nord rather than having to go through a promotion play-off. The league was created from nine clubs from the Verbandsliga Westfalen-Nordost and eight from the Verbandsliga Westfalen-Südwest. The SC Herford was relegated from the 2. Bundesliga Nord to the new league.
The league was founded as the Amateur-Oberliga Westfalen, but from 1994 the name was shortened to Oberliga Westfalen.
With the introduction of the unified 2nd Bundesliga in 1981, direct promotion for the Oberliga champions became impossible again because there were eight of them competing for four promotion spots. The champion of the Oberliga Westfalen had to compete with the winner and the runner-up of the Oberliga Nord and the winners of the Oberliga Berlin and of the Oberliga Nordrhein for two 2. Bundesliga spots.
Upon creation of the Regionalligas in 1994, the champions of the Oberligas were directly promoted again, however the Oberligas slipped to fourth tier in the German football league system. The top six teams of the Oberliga that year were admitted to the new Regionalliga West/Südwest, the clubs being:
TuS Paderborn-Neuhaus
SC Preußen Münster
Arminia Bielefeld
SpVgg Erkenschwick
SC Verl
SG Wattenscheid 09 II
With the reduction of the number of Regionalligas from four to two in 2000, the Oberliga Westfalen was now located below the Regionalliga Nord. However, the Sportfreunde Siegen, based in the very south of the region, played in the Regionalliga Süd.
With the creation of the 3rd Liga in 2008 the Oberliga Westfalen was replaced by the NRW-Liga, which now is the fifth tier of the league system. The Oberliga Westfalen ceased to exist after 30 seasons. Its clubs were split up over three league levels. The first four teams were promoted to the new Regionalliga West, clubs from place five to eleven went to the new Oberliga while the bottom seven teams were relegated to the Verbandsligas.
The league was reintroduced in 2012 after the NRW-Liga was disbanded again.
Throughout the league's existence the two leagues below the Oberliga were:
Verbandsliga Westfalen 1
Verbandsliga Westfalen 2
Champions of the Oberliga Westfalen
The league champions:
Original league 1978 to 2008
The league champions of the first era of the league:
New league from 2012
The league champions and runners-up from 2012 onwards:
Placings in the Oberliga Westfalen
The final league placings in the second era of the league from 2012 to present:
Sources:
Founding members of the Oberliga Westfalen
From the 2nd Bundesliga Nord:
SC Herford
From the Verbandsliga Westfalen-Nordost:
1. FC Paderborn
VfB Rheine
TuS Schloß Neuhaus
SV Ahlen
Bünder SV
SV Emsdetten
SV Beckum
DJK Gütersloh (merged with Arminia Gütersloh to form FC Gütersloh in 1978)
TSG Harsewinkel
From the Verbandsliga Westfalen-Südwest:
SpVgg Erkenschwick
VfL Gevelsberg
Sportfreunde Siegen
DJK Hellweg Lütgendortmund
SuS Hüsten 09
SV Holzwickede
Eintracht Recklinghausen
VfB Altena
References
Sources
Deutschlands Fußball in Zahlen, An annual publication with tables and results from the Bundesliga to Verbandsliga/Landesliga. DSFS.
Kicker Almanach, The yearbook on German football from Bundesliga to Oberliga, since 1937. Kicker Sports Magazine.
External links
Das deutsche Fussball Archiv Historic German league tables
Westfalen Football Association (FLVW)
Oberliga (football)
Organizations disestablished in 2008
Football competitions in North Rhine-Westphalia
1978 establishments in Germany
2008 disestablishments in Germany
2012 establishments in Germany
The DCC Alliance (DCCA) was an industry association designed to promote a common subset of the Debian Linux operating system that multiple companies within the consortium could distribute. It was founded by Ian Murdock in 2005 and was wound up in 2007.
History
The main force behind the DCC Alliance was Ian Murdock, the original founder of the Debian project. The DCC Alliance was formed whilst Murdock was CEO of Progeny Linux Systems, and they remained the key spokesperson for the consortium during their visible existence. The founding of the DCC Alliance was announced at LinuxWorld San Francisco on the 9 August 2005, following a number of pre-announcements.
The stated intention was to assemble a standards-based core of Debian, provide a predictable release cycle and Linux Standards Base compliance.
DCC Alliance shipped their first code 6 months after the original pre-announcements, providing a Linux Standards Base (LSB) 3.0 compliant set of program packages based on those available from Debian.
The Alliance's primary goals were to:
Assemble a 100 percent Debian common core that addresses the needs of enterprise business users
Maintain certification of the common core with the Free Standards Group open specification, the Linux Standard Base
Use the Alliance's combined strength to accelerate the commercial adoption of Debian
Work with the Debian project to ensure predictable release cycles and features important to commercial adoption
Membership
There were two classes of membership in the DCC Alliance:
Members, those organisation creating products based on the DCC-provided core subset of packages.
Knoppix, LinEx, Linspire, MEPIS, Progeny, Sun Wah Linux, Xandros
Associate Members, Independent software vendors, hardware vendors, OEMs and community partners providing related support or business.
credativ, Skolelinux, UserLinux
Membership remained open to additional organizations with an interest in Debian-based solutions. The most visible absent from any involvement was the Ubuntu distribution who declined to join the Alliance. The Ubuntu founder, Mark Shuttleworth, stated in 2006 that they did not believe that the DCC Alliance had any future.
One of the founding members, MEPIS, later left the DCCA, citing "creative differences". MEPIS transitioned their SimplyMEPIS Linux distribution from a Debian Unstable/DCCA-provided core to an Ubuntu-based one.
In 2006 Ian Murdock left the DCC Alliance to chair the Linux Standard Base workgroup and later moved their employment to Sun Microsystems. In 2007, Progeny, the original driver behind the consortium was wound up. In 2006, Xandros was still claiming that Xandros "leads the engineering team at the DCCA".
Name
When originally formed, the names given to the media were that of the "Debian Core Consortium", and then "Debian Common Core". Following trademark notification from the Debian project, the name was withdrawn and replaced—without a formal announcement—by "DCC Alliance". Ian Murdock explained that the D should no longer be treated as an abbreviation of Debian, but of DCC—becoming a recursive acronym for "DCC Common Core".
Notably, the "Debian" trademark that was being denied to Mr. Murdock and the DCC Alliance originates from a combination of the -ian part of Mr. Murdock's own given name, concatenated to that of their wife's name; Debra Murdock, and the decision over the infringement of the trademark fell to Branden Robinson, then Debian Project Leader (DPL), who was an employee of Progeny Linux Systems (and of Mr. Murdock) during the time at which the decision was made. Mr. Robinson stated that this would not represent a conflict of interest.
References
Debian
Linux organizations
The Carolinas Open is a golf tournament played in the Carolinas, open to both amateur and professional golfers. It is run by the Carolinas section of the PGA of America. It has been played annually since 1923 at a variety of courses around both states.
Winners
2021 Tommy Gibson
2020 Kelly Mitchum
2019 Rick Morton
2018 Jerry Haas
2017 Josh Nichols (a)
2016 Drew Younts
2015 Jerry Haas
2014 Steve Larick
2013 Ray Franz
2012 Aaron Black
2011 Jack Fields (a)
2010 Ivan Schronce
2009 Kelly Mitchum
2008 Scott Medlin
2007 Scott Medlin
2006 Kelly Mitchum
2005 Scott Medlin
2004 Tim Straub
2003 Jeff Lankford
2002 Steve Isley
2001 Gus Ulrich
2000 Karl Kimball
1999 Bob Boyd
1998 Jeff Lankford
1997 David Thore
1996 Bryan Sullivan
1995 David Thore
1994 Chris Tucker
1993 Bob Boyd
1992 Vic Lipscomb
1991 Richard Kincaid
1990 Chris Tucker
1989 Bob Boyd
1988 Mike Kallam
1987 Mike Kallam
1986 Rodney Morrow
1985 Neal Lancaster
1984 Tim Collins
1983 Billy Poteat (a)
1982 Bob Boyd
1981 Jim Westbrook
1980 Jack Lewis Jr.
1979 Ronnie Smoak
1978 Mike Carn
1977 Randy Glover
1976 Russell Glover
1975 Leonard Thompson
1974 Vance Heafner (a)
1973 David Robinson
1972 Gene Thompson
1971 Hamp Auld
1970 Norman Flynn
1969 Brad Anderson
1968 Joe Inman (a)
1967 Randy Glover
1966 Sonny Ridenhour
1965 Sonny Ridenhour
1964 Davis Love Jr.
1963 Harold Kneece
1962 Charlie Smith (a)
1961 Ronny Thomas
1960 Al Smith
1959 P.J. Boatwright (a)
1958 Furman Hayes
1957 P.J. Boatwright (a)
1956 Billy Capps
1955 Charles Farlow
1954 Dow Finsterwald
1953 Clayton Heafner
1952 Bobby Locke and Billy Joe Patton (a) (tie)
1951 Billy Joe Patton (a)
1950 Johnny Palmer
1949 Johnny Palmer
1948 Bobby Locke
1947 Bobby Locke
1946 Skip Alexander
1945 Orville White
1944 Purvis Ferree
1942–1943 No tournament due to World War II
1941 Johnny Palmer
1940 Dave Tinsley
1939 Clayton Heafner
1938 Orville White
1937 Tony Manero
1936 Harold Long
1935 Fred McCanless
1934 Tony Manero
1933 Henry Picard
1932 Henry Picard
1931 Marshall Crichton
1930 Marshall Crichton
1929 Tully Blair (a)
1928 Marshall Crichton
1927 Bill Goebel
1926 Henry Picard
1925 Henry Picard
1924 Charles Reynolds
1923 Harold Woodman
(a) denotes amateur
External links
PGA of America - Carolinas section
List of winners
Golf in North Carolina
Golf in South Carolina
PGA of America sectional tournaments
The Glebe House is an 18th-century Georgian brick building in Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York, USA. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as a historic place of local significance since 1982.
The name "Glebe House" refers to the glebe, an area of land the proceeds of which supported the parish and its minister. The land associated with Glebe House was about 1 square kilometre (250 acres) in size.
The Glebe House itself was constructed in 1767 as a Georgian red brick building on a rubble stone foundation. It was to serve rectory for the Reverend John Beardsley, who ministered at Christ Church, Poughkeepsie and Trinity Church in Fishkill and their family in 1767. Since Beardsley was a Loyalist, they and their entire household were forced to flee to New York City in December 1777 to seek the protection of the British during the American Revolutionary War.
After 1777, the house and the land passed through many hands. During this time, it housed a public beer garden and later a florist
business. In the early 19th century, an addition to the building was made by Peter De Reimer.
In 1929, the house and the remainder of the glebe land (now less than 1 acre) were purchased by members of the Dutchess County Historical Society and the Junior League to protect it from demolition. The house was given to the City of Poughkeepsie to be operated jointly by the Dutchess County Historical Society and the Junior League.
The Dutchess County Historical Society was involved with the house from 1929 to 2016. Now home to Fall Kill Creative Works.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Poughkeepsie, New York
References
External links
Dutchess County Historical Society
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Poughkeepsie, New York
Houses in Poughkeepsie, New York
Museums in Dutchess County, New York
Georgian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1767
Historic house museums in New York (state)
Historical society museums in New York (state)
Tourist attractions in Poughkeepsie, New York
1767 establishments in the Province of New York
Life and Philosophy of Swami Vivekananda (1989) is an English book written by G. S Banhatti. This is a biography of Swami Vivekananda. The books were published by Atlantic Publishers & Dist, New Delhi.
Content
Life and Philosophy of Swami Vivekananda is a biography of Swami Vivekananda. The book is divided into several chapters. Each chapter deals with a part of the life of Vivekananda. For example, the first chapter deals with Vivekananda's birth, childhood and early school life and the second chapter is named "Spiritual apprenticeship", it starts in 1881 when Vivekananda had a nervous breakdown and went to Gaya for a change and so on. The last two chapters of the book discusses on poems and prose written by Vivekananda.
References
External links
1989 non-fiction books
Swami Vivekananda
Contemporary philosophical literature
Vedanta
Indian biographies
Books about Swami Vivekananda
20th-century Indian books
The Achucarro Basque Center for Neuroscience is a BERC (Basque Excellence Research Center) research center devoted to neuroscience and created by Ikerbasque – the Basque Foundation for Science and the University of the Basque Country (UPV/EHU) in mid-2012. The center is named after Nicolas Achucarro (Bilbao, 1880–1918), the first internationally recognized Basque neuroscientist.
The center is located at the Science and Technology Park of Bizkaia, of the University of the Basque Country, in Leioa, Spain.
The research focus of the center is the study of neuronal-glial biology in normal and pathological brain, which is the base for training students and disseminate the acquired knowledge to the Society, so well-being of people and sustainable social development is fostered.
References
Neuroscience research centers in Spain
Giampietrino, probably Giovanni Pietro Rizzoli (active 1495–1549), was a north Italian painter of the Lombard school and Leonardo's circle, succinctly characterized by S. J. Freedberg as an "exploiter of Leonardo's repertory."
Biography
Giampietrino was a productive painter of large altarpieces, Madonnas, holy women in half figure, and mythological women. For a long time, the true identity of the artist was unknown; they were only known as a so-called "Giampietrino" whose name appeared in lists of the members of Leonardo's studio. In 1929, Wilhelm Suida suggested that they could perhaps be Giovanni Battista Belmonte, since a Madonna signed with this name and dated 1509 had been associated stylistically with Giampietrino. Since then, this assumption is considered outdated, and Giampietrino is identified predominantly with Giovanni Pietro Rizzoli, who is known through documents.
Giampietrino has been regarded as a talented painter who contributed substantially to the distribution of the late style of Leonardo da Vinci. They copied many works by Leonardo, as well as leaving behind numerous capable original compositions of their own. Many of their works are preserved in multiple versions of the same subject.
Selected works
Amsterdam, Rijksmuseum
Mary with the Child. (attributed)
Berlin, Gemäldegalerie
St. Mary Magdalene in the prayer.
St. Catharine of Alexandria
Weeping Christ with a founder.
The Birth Christ. (attributed)
Budapest, Hungary Museum of Fine Arts
Madonna and Child with Saints Jerome and Michael (1535)
Burgos, Cathedral
Mary Magdalene.
Cambridge (Massachusetts), Fogg Art Museum, Harvard University Art Museum
The Holy Family.
Chantilly, Musée Condé
Head of a Woman. (Fragment)
Detroit, Detroit Institute of Arts
Salvator Mundi
Gazzada Schianno, Museo Cagnola
The Holy Family.
Gloucester, Highnam Court
Mary with the Child (Madonna with the Lily). (attributed)
Isola Bella, Collezione Borromeo
Dido.
Sophronia.
Kassel, Old Master Picture Gallery
Leda and their Children.
Lewisburg, Bucknell University Art Gallery
Cleopatra. around 1525
London, Courtauld institutes Galleries
Mary with the Child and the St. Jerome. (attributed)
Mary with the Child (Madonna with the Lily). (attributed)
London, National Gallery
Christ, Carrying the Cross. around 1510 - 1530
Salome. around 1510 - 1530
London, Private Collections
Salome.
Ecce Homo.
London, Royal Academy
The Holy Communion.
The Last Supper, after Leonardo da Vinci
Madison (Wisconsin), Chazen Museum of Art, University of Wisconsin–Madison
Lucrezia Romana. around 1525
Milan, Collezione Brivio Sforza
The Nymph Hegeria.
Milan, Collezione Nembrini
Venus and Cupid.
Milan, Private collection
Christ with the Crown of Thorns.
Milan, Collezione Rob Smeets
Mary with the Child (Madonna with the Cherries).
Milan, Museo Bagatti Valsecchi
Polyptych: Madonna Enthroned with Saints, Christ the Redeemer, and Christ as Salvator Mundi.
Milan, Pinacoteca Ambrosiana
Mary with the Child.
The Holy Family with St. Roch
St. John the Evangelist.
Ecce homo.
Milan, Pinacoteca del Castello Sforzesco
St. Mary Magdalene
Milan, Pinacoteca di Brera
St. Mary Magdalene Reading.
Paying for Mary Magdalene.
Mary with the Child and the Lamb. (unfinished)
Mary with the Child.
Milan, Sant' Alessandro
Christ at the Scourge Column.
Morimondo, Abbazia di Santa Maria di Morimondo
Christ, Sitting at the Grave.
Nancy, Musée des Beaux-Arts
Christ as Salvator Mundi.
Neapel, Museo Nazionale di Capodimonti
St. Mary Magdalene in Prayer.
Mary with the child and Sts. John the Baptist and Jerome.
New York, Metropolitan Museum of Art
Diana the Huntress.
Oberlin, Allen Memorial Art Museum, Oberlin College
Cleopatra. around 1520 - 1540 (attributed)
Ospedaletto Lodigiano, parish church
Mary with the Child and the Sts. Jerome and John the Baptist.
Paris, Musée National du Louvre
The Death of Cleopatra by an Asp.
Pavia, Curia Vescovile
Mary with the Child and Sts. Jerome and John the Baptist.
Pavia Civic Museums
Magdalene
Ponce, Museo di Arte de Ponce
St. John the Baptist. around 1530
Ponte Capriasca, Sant' Ambrogio
Mary with the Child of Loretto with Sts. John the Baptist and Katharina of Alexandria.
Portland, Oregon Portland Art Museum
St. Mary Magdalene. c. 1521; holding jar of oil
Prague, Sternbersky Palace
St. Mary Magdalene
Rome, Galleria Borghese
Mary with the Child.
Rouen, Musée des Beaux Arts
Penitent St. Jerome
Seattle, Seattle Art museum
Mary with the Child and St. John the Baptist. around 1510 - 1515
San Francisco, Fine Arts museum
St. Catherine of Alexandria.
St. Petersburg, Hermitage Museum
Mary with Child. around 1520 - 1530
Christ with the Symbol of the Holy Trinity
Praying St. Mary Magdalene.
St. John the Evangelist. (attributed)
São Paulo, Museu de Arte
The Virgin Nursing the Child with St. John the Baptist in Adoration. around 1500 - 1520
Turin, Galleria Sabauda
Christ, Carrying the Cross.
Waco, Texas, Baylor University, Armstrong-Browning Library, Kress Collection
Christ, the Man of Sorrows. around 1540
Washington, Howard University Gallery of Art
St. Mary Magdalene. around 1530 (attributed)
Notes
References
William Suida: Leonardo and Their Circle, (Munich: Bruckmann) 1929.
The Legacy of Leonardo, (Milan: Skira Editore S.p.A.), 1998.
External links
Leonardo da Vinci: anatomical drawings from the Royal Library, Windsor Castle, exhibition catalog fully online as PDF from The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which contains material on Giampietrino (see index)
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
16th-century Italian painters
Italian Renaissance painters
1495 births
1549 deaths
The Odense Symphony Orchestra (Odense Symfoniorkester) is a Danish symphony orchestra based in Odense. The orchestra is resident in the Odense Concert Hall (inaugurated in 1982), specifically in the Carl Nielsen Hall (seating capacity of 1,212). Since 2007, its chief executive is Finn Schumacker.
History
The precursor roots of the orchestra date to the early 19th century. The orchestra was established under its current name in 1946. The orchestra initially began with 23 musicians, as a theatre orchestra. The current orchestra numbers on the order of 73 permanent musicians and a high level of activity.
The orchestra's most recent chief conductor was Alexander Vedernikov, who served in the post from 2009 to 2018. Vedernikov now has the title of æresdirigent (honorary conductor) of the orchestra. In October 2019, Pierre Bleuse first guest-conducted the orchestra, and returned for an additional guest-conducting engagement in February 2020, as a substitute for Vedernikov. In April 2020, the orchestra announced the appointment of Bleuse as its next chief conductor, effective with the 2021–2022 season, with an initial contract of 3 seasons.
Chief conductors
Poul Ingerslev-Jensen (1946–1948)
Arne Hammelboe (1948–1949)
Martellius Lundqvist (1949–1967)
Karol Stryja (1968–1984)
Tamás Vetö (1984–1987)
Othmar Mága (1987–1991)
Edward Serov (1991–1995)
Jan Wagner (1997–2002)
Paul Mann (2005–2008)
Alexander Vedernikov (2009–2018)
Pierre Bleuse (designate, effective 2021)
See also
List of concert halls in Denmark
References
Danish orchestras
Musical groups established in 1946
1946 establishments in Denmark
Transitional Age () is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Richard Viktorov.
Plot
The film tells about a 7th grade student named Olya, who enjoys a happy life. They have not only good parents and friends, but also a talent for writing wise verses.
Cast
Elena Proklova as Olga Alekseyeva
Sergey Makeyev as Kolya (as Serjosha Makeyev)
Vitali Segeda as Vitya
Aleksandr Barsky as Seryozha (as Sasha Barsky)
Lena Bespalova as Lena
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1968 drama films
Shan-e-Punjab is the domestic field hockey team for the Punjab in Pakistan. It is part of the Pakistan Hockey Federation.
Field Hockey is the national sport of Pakistan.
References
Pakistani field hockey clubs
The 2004 Kansas Democratic presidential caucuses were held on March 13 in the U.S. state of Kansas as one of the Democratic Party's statewide nomination contests ahead of the 2004 presidential election.
Results
References
Kansas
2004 Kansas elections
2004
Eluru mandal is one of the 28 mandals in Eluru district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is administered under Eluru revenue division and its headquarters are located at Eluru city. The mandal is bounded by Pedapadu mandal, Pedavegi mandal, Denduluru mandal, Bhimadole mandal and it also borders Krishna district.
Demographics
census, the Mandal had a population of 319,405. The total population constitutes, 157,783 males and 161,622 females —a sex ratio of 1024 females per 1000 males. 29,992 children are in the age group of 0–6 years, of which 15,295 are boys and 14,697 are girls. The average literacy rate stands at 81.60% with 236,156 literates.
Towns and villages
census, the Mandal has 22 settlements. It includes 1 city, 4 census towns, 2 out growths and 15 villages. Eluru (rural) is the most populated and Manuru is the least populated village in the mandal.
The settlements in the mandal are listed below:
Note: M.Corp-Municipal Corporation, CT-Census town, OG-Out Growth
See also
Eluru district
References
Mandals in Eluru district
is a Japanese screenwriter and film director.
Biography
In 1984, Hashimoto made their directorial debut with the independent film Pasokon Wars Isami, after which they began writing for television with the hit drama series Sukeban Deka.
They co-wrote the screenplays for Katsuhiro Otomo's Akira and Shinji Aoyama's EM Embalming.
Filmography
As director
Meimon Takonishi Oendan (1987)
CF Girl (1989)
Lucky Sky Diamond (1990)
Evil Dead Trap 2 (1992)
Driving High (1993)
Puru-puru: Tenshi Teki Kyujitsu (1993)
Teito Monogatari Gaiden (1995)
Kagerō 2 (1996)
As screenwriter
Barrow Gang BC (1985)
Sukeban Deka (1985-1987)
Sukeban Deka The Movie (1987)
The Drifting Classroom (1987)
To-y (1987)
Sukeban Deka the Movie 2: Counter-Attack from the Kazama Sisters (1988)
Akira (1988)
Spirit Warrior (1988)
CF Girl (1989)
Aoki Densetsu Shoot! (1994)
Kagerō 2 (1996)
Black Jack (1996)
Kenka Ramen (1996)
Onna Horishi Azami (1998)
EM Embalming (1999)
Rinjin wa Hisoka ni Warau (1999)
The Guys from Paradise (2001)
Ah! Ikkenya Puroresu (2004)
Jitensha Shounenki (2006)
Shamo (2007)
References
External links
Living people
1952 births
People from Shimane Prefecture
Japanese film directors
Japanese screenwriters
Akira (franchise)
Edward Gayer Andrews (7 August 1825 – 31 December 1907) was a bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, elected in 1872.
Biography
They were born in New Hartford, New York (Oneida County). They were educated at Cazenovia Seminary, Cazenovia, New York, and at Wesleyan University, (B.A., 1847) (M.A. 1854), where they became a member of the Mystical Seven. They were ordained in the Central New York Annual Conference of the M.E. Church, serving various pastorates there from 1848 until 1854. They were then appointed teacher and Principal (i.e., President) of the Cazenovia Seminary, where they remained until 1864. They then became Pastor in Stamford, Connecticut (1864–67), and in Brooklyn, New York (1867–72) until their election to the episcopacy.
Travels
As bishop they visited M.E. Missions in Europe and India (1876–77), in Mexico (1881) and in Japan, Korea and China (1889–90). They also are a delegate to the British and Irish Methodist Conference in 1894. Wesleyan conferred upon them the degree LL.D. in 1900. They retired from the active episcopacy in 1904.
Their theology was described as holding to the faith of their denomination for essentials of doctrine, but with deference to the results of Biblical scholarship. They have published semi-centennial addresses delivered in 1875 and 1881.
Bishop Andrews died 31 December 1907 in Brooklyn and was buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Syracuse, New York.
See also
List of bishops of the United Methodist Church
Grace Andrews, the daughter of Edward Gayer Andrews
References
"Andrews, Edward Gayer" in The New Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia of Religious Knowledge, Samuel Macauley Jackson, D.D., LL.D., Editor-in-Chief, Grand Rapids, Michigan: Baker Book House, 1954.
Death Notice in The Nashville Christian Advocate (official newspaper of the M.E.Church, South), January 10, 1908.
Notes
1825 births
1907 deaths
People from New Hartford, New York
Bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church
Cazenovia College alumni
Presidents of United Methodist seminaries
Wesleyan University alumni
Burials at Oakwood Cemetery (Syracuse, New York)
Olja is a feminine given name and nickname. It may refer to:
Given name
Olja Bećković (born 1964), Serbian journalist, actor and television presenter
Olja Ivanjicki (1931–2009), Serbian painter, sculptor and poet
Olja Knežević (born 1968), Croatia-based Montenegrin novelist
Olja Petrović (politician) (born 1990), Serbian politician
Olja Savičević (born 1974), Croatian novelist, poet and playwright
Nickname
Olivera Ćirković (born 1969), Serbian writer, painter, former convicted jewel thief and former basketball player and administrator
Ognjen Petrović (1948–2000), Serbian football goalkeeper
See also
Olha, another given name
Feminine given names
Lists of people by nickname
Dhamdhamia railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. The station is situated at Kathalbari, Dhamdhamia in Sahebganj district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
References
Railway stations in Sahibganj district
Malda railway division
"Jesus, Mary and Joseph!" is the eighth episode of the eleventh season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the 196th overall episode. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on December 23, 2012, and is written by Tom Devanney and directed by Julius Wu.
The episode was postponed one week due to sensitive content in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting that took place two days before it was originally scheduled to air.
Plot
As the Griffins prepare for Christmas by decorating their tree, Meg finds an ornament of the manger and Peter tells the story of Christmas. Joseph (played by Peter) and their friend Robby (played by Brian) spot Mary (played by Lois) in their village. Joseph introduces themselves to them They have many dates, but Joseph is annoyed by Mary's reluctance to have sex. Mary claims that they are destined for something special. Later, Mary tells Joseph that they have been visited by an angel (played by Bruce) who told them that God has blessed them with their child. Joseph accepts this. Taking a break from the story, Peter and the family call their Aunt Helen to wish them a merry Christmas. The call does not go well and Peter returns to the story.
On the way to Bethlehem on a mule (played by Meg), Joseph is skeptical about the baby. Elsewhere, three wise men (played by Glenn Quagmire, Cleveland Brown, and Joe Swanson) are inspired to travel to Bethlehem themselves. They stop at the palace of King Herod (played by Carter Pewterschmidt) for water and talk of their plans to see the Messiah. Herod decides to protect their title and win the love of Jodie Foster (a reference to John Hinckley, Jr.) by killing the child. Mary and Joseph arrive at an inn, but the manager (played by Mort Goldman) denies them a room. Mary goes into labor, and the manager offers them space in a stable. Mary ponders what to call the new child. The angel takes their list of possible names to God, who is inspired to name the child "Jesus" after something the angel said.
The wise men, who are following a light in the sky, argue about the nature of the light; they think it might be an airplane. A doctor tells them of an earlier messiah who was not successful. The wise men arrive with their gifts as the savior is born. A drummer boy (played by Chris) joins them. King Herod arrives with their army and demands the child. Jesus (played by Stewie) transforms the manger into a fighter plane and destroys Herod's troops with it. After Peter finishes their story, a pregnant couple arrives at the door. They explain that their car broke down and they need help, but Peter, thinking that they're faking, gives them the cold shoulder and threatens to call the police. When they press their request for help, Peter goes to get their baseball bat.
Reception
The episode received a 2.9 rating and was watched by a total of 5.49 million people, this made it the second most watched show on Animation Domination that night, beating American Dad! and a repeat of The Simpsons but losing to another repeat of The Simpsons with 5.54 million. The episode was met with mixed reviews from critics. Kevin McFarland of The A.V. Club gave the episode a C, saying "Family Guy never has that feeling of curiosity. It's far too often bitter, malicious, and condescending to anyone it deems foolish enough to believe in something bigger. But other times—and “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph!” unfortunately falls into this category—it's so toothless and scattered that it can barely muster the old venomous attitude toward religion."
Carter Dotson of TV Fanatic gave the episode three and a half stars out of five, saying "I was wondering if there was anything in particular that would cause this episode to be delayed a week after the Sandy Hook tragedy, and perhaps it was the fact that King Herod's forces were trying to kill a baby that did it, though little else seemed particularly offensive. However, there were a lot of pauses and general delay tactics that might have served as ways to edit out other potentially-insensitive content. But otherwise, it just seems like it was just pushed back because Fox didn't want to air something crass right after such a tragedy. Probably a good idea."
References
External links
2012 American television episodes
Family Guy (season 11) episodes
American Christmas television episodes
Portrayals of Jesus on television
Television episodes pulled from general rotation
The Grace and Robert Miller Ranch represents an expansion of the previously existing Miller Cabin listing on the National Register of Historic Places. The ranch was the home of Robert E. Miller, first superintendent of Jackson Hole National Monument. The property was transferred to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as part of the National Elk Refuge.
References
External links
Grace and Robert Miller Ranch at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Buildings and structures in Grand Teton National Park
Ranches on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Grand Teton National Park
WTNO-LP, virtual and UHF digital channel 22, is a low-powered Azteca América owned-and-operated television station licensed to New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. The station is owned by HC2 Holdings. WTNO-LP's offices are located on Caneel Court in Terrytown, and its transmitter is located on Airline Drive/US 61 in Metairie. On cable, the station is available on AT&T U-verse channel 22.
History
The station's construction permit was issued on March 19, 1997, under the calls of K22DJ. It then changed to K36ES before being assigned WTNO-LP on December 12, 1997.
Digital channels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
Azteca América official website
Azteca América network affiliates
HC2 Holdings
Television stations in New Orleans
Television channels and stations established in 1997
Low-power television stations in the United States
1997 establishments in Louisiana
Abdoul Khadre Mbaye Niane (born 20 August 1988) is a Senegalese swimmer. They competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Major results
Individual
Long course
Relay
Long course
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Senegalese male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Senegal
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Competitors at the 2011 All-Africa Games
Swimmers at the 2015 African Games
Swimmers at the 2019 African Games
African Games competitors for Senegal
Kurt Erichsen is an openly gay cartoonist and civil engineer, creator of the syndicated LGBT-themed comic strip "Murphy's Manor," their most notable work, which ran for 1183 weekly strips from the 1980s until 2008 and through strip 1205 in 2019.
Biography
Erichsen was born on December 18, 1954 in Coos Bay, Oregon. They attended Oregon State University, receiving a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering. The following year they received a master's degree in Sanitary Engineering from Michigan State University. In 1979 they moved to Toledo, Ohio, where they became vice president of environmental planning for the Toledo Metropolitan Area Council of Governments.
Publications
"Murphy's Manor"
In 1980, they began producing "Murphy's Manor," a comic strip focusing on the lives of gay men living together in the titular manor, in the fictional town of Black Swamp, Ohio. The beginnings of "Murphy's Manor" were difficult. Erichsen's friend gave them a gay bar guide in which the publisher wanted someone to draw cartoons for two newspapers. This did not work out and so Erichsen decided to publish "Murphy's Manor" on their own. The series was carried in about 70 papers over the course of its run, which continued until 2008.
In 2019 Erichsen published Murphy's Manor: the 30-Year Wedding. The book covers gay relationships and the LGBT community's attempts at marriage equality over the years. The 22 new strips are about gay marriage as it finally became legal. "Murphy's Manor" cartoons and "Saboteur" from Gay Comix no. 1 appear in La Revue des Bandes Dessinées LGBT.
Aside from the main series of "Murphy's Manor," there was a side series called "Murphy's Library," which ran from 1987 to 1990 and produced 16 comic strips. Lambda Rising Book Report was where the first 12 comic strips of "Murphy's Library" were published, with the remaining published in Meatmen.
"The Sparkle Spinsters"
Another series they produced was "The Sparkle Spinsters" about a trio of gay friends, inspired by Gilbert Shelton's Freak Brothers. There were four stories in Gay Comics issues no. 6 (1985), no. 7 (1986), no. 8 (1986), and no. 12 (1988). The respective titles of the stories in the Gay Comics are as follows:
"The Sparkle Spinsters: Stains on the Sofa,"
"The Sparkle Spinsters: Home Movies,"
"The Sparkle Spinsters: In Midsummer Night's Super Stud," and
"The Sparkle Spinsters: In the Ghetto."
There was one story published in Meatmen issue 19 (1994) titled "The Sparkle Spinsters: Little Red Riding Crop."
GLiB Talk
They also produced a single-panel syndicated series called "GLIB Talk" from 2000 to 2006. These single-panel comics served as a platform for Erichsen to air their views on gay pride and gay rights.
Contributions
Erichsen's work has been published in eight issues of Gay Comix and was a regular feature in Meatmen.
Gay Comix
The issues of Gay Comix Erichsen published stories in were issues:
no. 1 (1980) "Saboteur,"
no. 3 (1982) "Weekend Revolutionaries,"
no. 6 (1985) "The Sparkle Spinsters: Stains on the Sofa,"
no. 7 (1986) "The Sparkle Spinsters: Home Movies,"
no. 8 (1986) "The Sparkle Spinsters: In Midsummer Night's Super Stud,"
no. 12 (1988) "The Sparkle Spinsters: In the Ghetto,"
no. 20 (1993) "Gender Bender,"
no. 22 (1993) "Honeymoon," and
no. 25 (1998) "I've Got a Secret."
Meatmen
The works they contributed to Meatmen were in issues:
no. 12 (1991) "Robot Love,"
no. 15 (1993) "The Nine Billion Names of Penis,"
no. 19 (1994) "The Sparkle Spinsters: Little Red Riding Crop,"
no. 20 (1997) "A Wedding in the Family,"
no. 21 (1997) "Link-Up," and
no. 22 (1997) "Straight Man's Burden."
Fanzines
Erichsen has been working in science fiction fanzines since the late 1960s. Their own fanzine is Taciturn, which has had three issues. Their work also appears in other fanzines such as Challenger, Mimosa and Argentus.
Other works
They also drew commissioned illustrations for Instinct magazine, Lambda Rising Book Report, and Fairy Flicks. In 1989, they and cartoonist Bruce Billings co-produced a tête-bêche book – a single bound volume with both covers formatted as the "front" – as Under the Covers (Erichsen's cover) and Between the Sheets! (Billings').
Awards and Accomplishments
For Comics and Art
Erichsen won the Gay/Lesbian Press Association award for Outstanding Achievement in Illustration in 1985 and 1987. Erichsen has long been active in science-fiction fandom, producing a great deal of fan art, and in 2002 they received the Rotsler Award for their work from SCIFI Inc. In May 2015, they were a featured panelist at the first Queers & Comics conference, as one of the "Pioneers of Queer Men's Comics". During this conference, Erichsen discussed their thoughts, feelings, and motivations behind their various works.
For Civil Engineering
While working at the TMACOG, Erichsen aided in restoring the Ottawa River and the Maumee Bay State Park. Another of Erichsen's accomplishments at the TMACOG was to improve the Stormwater Coalition of Wood and Lucas County which led to the aid of the farming community by managing the stormwater in the region. Many at the TMACOG credit and acknowledge the work that Erichsen did on the 208 plan, a plan on how to manage sewer lines, wastewater treatment, and septic systems in five counties in Ohio and Michigan. In 2009, they received the National Association of Regional Councils' John Bosley Award for their work with the TMACOG.
References
Living people
American cartoonists
Artists from Oregon
LGBT artists from the United States
LGBT comics creators
LGBT people from Oregon
People from Coos Bay, Oregon
Oregon State University alumni
Michigan State University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
